I have never seen one of these SciFi originals before, it was the first one. I just think it reasonable to judge acting, direction / production, set design and even the CGI effects on the other SciFi movies. Comparing it to your typical Hollywood production is unfair. However, I would say that the overall Aztec Rex is not reminiscent of Werner Herzog's masterpiece Aguirre, God's wrath. <br /> <br /> I will start by noting that, yes, I recognize that this movie has more to do with cultural clashes than it does with dinosaurs. Despite the fact that this is a scifi movie made for television, there is some underlying context for the story that I have to investigate. The following symbolic elements are clear enough. Therefore, as a student of history, theology, mythology and film: I found the dialogue outrageous, and the plot themes are somewhat insulting. I'm not asking for any mea culpas on behalf of the producers - as I said before the movie is what it is. But as far as I am concerned, many of the younger demographics for this movie probably rely on television to give them their lessons when it comes to history and cultural diversity. The main problem manifests itself most visibly with the character Ayacoatl (not a comment on Dichen Lachman's performance, but simply how her character was written, although I would say she has some work to do before she gets Emmy nods). It is through her character that the Spanish Europeans are justified. Her feature in the film as Rio's love interest confirms that the European road is the right way, simply because they are European. There really is no other reason given. It is really only the assumption that the viewer is meant to connect the Europeans over Aztec because their dress, language, ideology, etc. are more known to them than the Aztec. Therefore, the Aztecs are portrayed as opposite and backwards. ' And it's not just that the viewer is left with that assumption because of ethnocentric perception on viewers, but it seems that history is trying to convince the viewer - As if the Aztecs couldn't make a plan - if not better - to entice a dinosaur for his death on a bed of punji sticks. <br /> <br /> In fairness, a subset of the Spanish is portrayed as plundering and intends to simply abuse the native MesoAmericans. There is also a scene where we have the Christian holy man who notes the Aztec achievements: "They have agriculture, medicine, calendar, etc." - But in the end, it is still the Aztec warrior portrayed as the film's main antagonist, even over the "thunderstorms" (more on that later). He portrayed as treacherous, duplicitous, and trying to send the romantic European Spaniard by rejecting him into consuming hallucinogenic minds that change fungi - an important spiritual component of certain aspects and religions of the native meso and northern Americans (again more on this later) That he can keep the female he feels belongs to him and away from Spain. <br /> <br /> Now, analyzing the true character of history (leaving the obvious Christian versus pagan themes outside the table) from a symbolic point of view - a seer can easily take these so-called thunderbirds to be representatives of the Mesoamerican ideology / theology which in this film is portrayed as an intent on: bloodthirsty, mercy, cruelty, evil, perhaps even evil? In contrast, we have this group of Christian hikers, led by a young Hernando Cortes, portrayed as naive, yet noble lambs caught up in the Aztec dark pagan world. Also the name of the movie is Aztec Rex, which leads one to believe that it is about dinosaurs out to eat people. But what Aztec Rex translates to is Aztec King, who is the head of the Aztec state, or in this case "state-of-being". (Therefore, why the title of the title was changed). And then, as we actually see as the new Aztec king at the end? It's the remaining Spaniard, Rios. Aztec Rex is referring to the new European ideology that overcame, through disease, bloodshed, war and famine, native Americans. Rios symbolizes the ideal European - as the film's presenters would like them remembered (unlike Cortes, representing the "practical yet noble European"). But when you look at the persecution of America, let's be honest: don't the symbolic components of this film's story have it backwards? <br /> <br /> I have to say that Aztec Rex is, at worst, a little racist, or friendly, at best ignorant. And yes, I know it's just a movie, Everything is meant to be fun, I understand, but in the end we are back with the idea that Rios was the father of the last remaining aztec lines? I wonder which native Mesoamericans were supposed to think of this end ... as for myself I thought it was a little indulgent to myself. <br /> <br /> Best supporting performance of the movie goes to Ian Zierel's wig - though eye-catching - it changed at least Zier's appearance enough so I didn't think I was looking at yuppie from 90210 and leading a bunch of conquistadors into the dark heart. In fact, Ziering turns out to be a more than an accomplished actor in this movie, I actually bought his performance, or at least I forgot it was in Ziering anyway. I don't know who his agent is, but he needs more work. <br /> <br /> Finally, it was a pleasure to see Jim McGee again. I've been a fan since his too short scene-stealing performance in 1988's Scrooged. Alexander Quaresma - DeusExMachina529@aol.com
