Tyrannosaurus Azteca is set in the sixteenth century when the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) is landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), who intend to claim the land in the name in Spanish and maybe steal some gold also if the opportunity arises. Within minutes, they have their first view of local Aztec savages, within minutes of Cortes & his men being captured and captured. If it wasn't that bad, it turns out that a couple of Tyrannosaurus Rex live there and like to eat locals in an attempt to win their lives the Spanish offer to help the locals get rid of their monster problem, but with different hidden agendas & ulterior motives are not just the dinosaurs they have to watch out for ... <br/> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who randomly made one of my most popular movie shoots, Turkey Shoot (1982) as I advisable to everyone) and also more commonly known under the Aztec Rex's spoof-sounding title (the title was changed by the Sci-Fi channel, as it perhaps broadcast it as the original title Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds as if it could be a foreign movie) This is yet another idiotic and inexpensive looking Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' and that's all you need to know really. Based on and around the real Spanish Conquistador Cortes during his expedition to Mexico, the film certainly does not strive for historical accuracy, although I will admit that history is trying to do something a little different here, but ultimately Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still just a "creature" Feature "with a bunch of people running from some bad CGI computers that are graphic of a monster despite its timing. Not sure what to say, even though they are ordinary clichés here, the characters are the usual cardboard cutouts, stupid decisions, and the selfish, the heroic, the restrained, the faceless victim that exists just to be eaten & the beautiful woman is here and easy to spot. The movie is predictable, silly and boring and does not entertain at any level, even though it moves at a decent pace, and there are one or two half-decent moments of doing, if that kind of thing interests you. The story is not so good and has lots of holes too, it is also the kind of movie you will have completely forgotten about within a few days. <br /> <br /> Now, I've seen and commented on lots of Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and usually the effects of the CGI computer are terrible and while Tyrannosaurus Azteca doesn't exactly span the trend I want to admit, there's one couple of power pictures that look good, but then they are usually destroyed by a horrible effect shot just afterwards. There are also a few decent gore effects here that are a cut heart, a guy's bones are bitten, there is some blood splatter, a cool shot of a guy leaving his own gut, after being attacked by the dinosaur, are a few dead bodies seen and someone is stabbed with a spear. T-Rex also gets to eat a few people. The production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztec set looks like one of the theme park attractions made by Styrofoam, and the Spanish men must have been imprisoned in the worst cabinet in the film history with the fence, which apparently keeps them lower than a man's waist. they could simply get out of it and run away it was so low. <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of about $ 900,000, I can't see where the money went, shot in O'ahu in Hawaii for apparently fifteen days. Tyrannosaurus Azteca is really no better than any other cheap Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' in spite of an almost interesting and unusual assumption should basically be sufficient for you to decide whether or not to enjoy this (with a guess does not).
