EPSILON, et al. Alien Visitor is not what I expected. This is an Australian film without a budget, with no special effects other than faster movies and quick scenes. The female alien (who is immediately able to speak perfectly accented Australian) can "blip" from place to place or time to time and change her perception of the flow of time to match the "faster" people. <br /> <br /> An older grandmother tells her two grandchildren about a story, a wandering man told her 40 years ago when a named "She" came to the planet naked and totally disoriented, unable to recognize which star in the sky she came from ... She meets a man alone camping in the Australian Outback, apparently confusing him. She is here by "error" and gets angry when she is told she is on the ground. The midwives are known as proxy despoilers of the environment and a metaphor for the most abusive thing that can be conceived by the rest of the universe: those who "breathe in the air" but do nothing about it and keep their head under the sand like an ostrich. In another fun metaphor, plots are "frogs". From there it is quite a film about dialogue that the confused man tries to understand. She is peculiar psychology and views, though she calls him unintelligible and "quaint". The man begins to realize it is perhaps people who are irrational and do not think straight. But while she is waiting to be "beamed up" home, she sees that this man is not completely mistaken in his thinking and even falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> The perspective on perspectives is interesting, but it is quite layered with a heavy-handed environmental message and a low budget feel (there are only two main players blowing around various desert scenes and the evil despoiling people on the planet is never seen at all). The environmental statement gives no solutions, but paints one or two gloomy metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if nothing happens. The logic also does not coincide: the rest of the universe has "given up" on Earth, but a space woman caught on Earth fails to influence some positive changes at the end of the movie. What would a battalion of foreigners deliberately send here ready to receive against pollution and waste?
