This is one of the films that the UK Lottery Fund is wasting its money on. The main problem is a migratory script that doesn't come anywhere. The signs are not interesting, the story is conventional and insipid. The only interesting thing is the location: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). I only had a superficial acquaintance with Genoa, I had no idea about the intricate streets of its old town and that the city was so interesting. I had thought Genoa was boring. I am pleased to say that I have proved to be wrong. So from the travelogue perspective, this movie has interest. The film features a fantastic performance, by a little girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has already made seven films despite being only 12, so she seems determined to be a career as an actress and judging by her performance in this film, she must go a long way, since she is natural and has a lot of talent . Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was ready for the movie, and when asked to be serious, he was serious, and when asked to be horrified, he was hurt. But someone forgot to give him a valuable dialogue. The script is a total number of shambles. Catherine Keener has an exceptionally good supportive role, and it goes without saying that sympathy comes to her, so everyone wants her around (I'd like to tell her every time I feel cold coming on, as I know she would get me a soothing hot drink). So there we have: Genova's fascinating narrow alley, an interesting little girl and a sympathetic woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is such a disgusting sign that the fact that the young actress does a good job of being repulsive is not the kind of treasure she wants to hear, I suppose. The notion that this family goes to Genoa to forget about the mother's unhappy death is so tired that if we have another movie, all dead mothers have the right to complain about being exploited. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting the old part of Genoa is, why didn't he just go to the BBC and say he wanted to make a travel movie with some thoughtless celebrities? Why waste money on a feature film that is nothing but a vanity project with inactive and meandering vacuum?
