I've noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his final album before his death, this album, if not his best, is usually productive in some way and worthy of a listening at least. The album is usually good enough to cement a legacy. But when it comes to comedians, especially the mainstream comics that stand in their own vehicles, their final films are usually God horrible. John Belushi had "neighbors", John Candy had "Wagon's East", Chris Farley had "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Small Soldiers," and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. "Back By Midnight", although it may not have been Dangerfield's very first movie, is weak in every sense of the word. It wrapped filming in 2002 according to this site and it is safe to say that it would have been on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive. I've been a big fan of Dangerfields since I was in my early teens, and it makes me bad to see how messy this movie was. What surprises me most is that a number of other talented people took part in a movie with a very weak premise to begin with. Dangerfield, a great comedian who usually played his cartoon persona on film, is a prison manager who houses a close knit group of inmates. When prison owner, Colonel Tom-Parker meets Sam-Walton billionaire Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid) cuts the funds for the prison, guards send a group of inmates to break out of prison, rob Rockwood's uniform convenience stores, and break back in jail with potted. By taking what's in the grocery stores, they're (assuming) taking it, they think Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this slim premise, the movies and stalls spit frequently. In addition, the jokes that you think this movie's salvation isn't even close to fun, not even from Mr. No Respect himself. It's also incredibly disappointing because you expect a movie with Oscar nominated (!) Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith and others to be at least a little fun. Instead, Quaid plays a character we've seen before in countless other comedies, Alley plays a British heir with a terrible British accent (could this movie not afford an actual British person!?!), And every joke was badly created and bad timed by virtually all members of this ensemble. It was just not a good comedy in any kind of word. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" was rated R mainly for languages ​​(and a nudes scene). The irony of this fact is that many of the jokes are so offensive to the audience that even children (if you edit the language) would go out of this movie. The physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when Alley's pet monkey plagues Quaid's character. When the monkey takes a pair of scissors and jumps on Quaid's sofa, who wouldn't know where that gag was? <br /> <br /> Being a direct-to-video comedy, of course, I don't expect any Oscar winning material here. The truth is, however, that Dangerfield has made some great, timeless comedies before. "Easy Money" and "Back to School" are still hilarious and certainly not worthy of Oscar at least. But there is a difference between making a stupid comedy that is fun and makes a stupid comedy. With the latter kind of comedy it seems that the filmmakers do not even try, which is exactly the case with this lama excuse for a wasted 90 minutes. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your series of unforgettable comedies like "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This movie, I dare say, is not even worth seeing.
