I'm not sure what to do about this horrible 2007 drama. Trying to be a new millennium cross hybrid between On Golden Pond and the Prince of Tides, this movie ends up being an irregular mess that shifts so markedly between comedy and melodrama that the emotional pitch always looks. The biggest problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between Garry Marshall's sentimental direction and Mark Andrus's dark, rather confusing manuscript. The story focuses on the unraveling relationship between mother Lilly and daughter Rachel who have driven all the way from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where Grandma Georgia lives. The idea is that Lilly leaves Rachel for the summer under Georgia's taskmaster jurisdiction, followed by his draconian rules, since the young 17-year-old has become an irreconcilable hell. <br /> <br /> The setup is clear enough, but the characters are made to change quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and shrill to fit the contoured contours of the storylin. It jumps randomly through topics of alcoholism, child abuse and dysfunctional families until it is settled in its resolution of patience. The three actresses in the center solve some of the dramatic upheavals, but to varying degrees. Probably because of her off-screen reputation and her screaming smoker's voice, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's promiscuity and manipulative tactics despite being less credible, as her character reveals the psychological wounds that give rise to her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly on two strict banknotes - as a scary, miserable daughter to a mother who never came close to her and as an angry alcoholic who begins to recognize her own responsibility in her daughter's state of mind. She does what she can with the role on both fronts, but her efforts never add up to a flesh and blood human. At close to seventy-two, Jane Fonda looks good, even as the weather is here, and has the star's presence to get away with the comic-like dimensions of the flinty georgia. The problem I have with Fonda's casting is that the legendary actress deserves far more than a series of one-liners and mother stars. Between this and 2005's executable mother-in-law makes it a wonder if her best work is behind her. It should not come as a surprise that the actor's male counterparts are completely overshadowed. Garrett Hedlund looks a bit like surfer-dude like the naive Harlan, a devoted Mormon, whose sudden love for Rachel could delay his two-year missionary stint. Cary Elwes plays on a well-known suspicious note like Lilly's husband, an unfortunate case where predictable casting seems to be telegraphing the film's ending. There is also the ubiquitous Dermot Mulroney in the morose triple-play role of the wounded widow, Lilly's former flame and Rachel's new chief as a veterinarian. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf has a scarce role as Simon Sister Paula, while Marshall regularly features Hector Elizondo and singer Paul Williams appear in cameos. Some of Andrus's dialogue is simply awful, and the weaving serio-comical tone never sets itself in the right sense. There are several small extras with 2007 DVD, none too exciting. Marshall gives a commentary track that has lots of his trademark laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variations at the end and a gag coil. A seven minute presentation of featurette is included, as well as the original theater curtain, a six minute short spotlight the three actresses and a five-minute tribute to Marshall.
