Zombies revolt begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger), who tries to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his friend Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and make them under his control so that they stay for thoughtless zombies (a bit like the people I work with really). Anyway, Tsiang is murdered by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but fails to gain knowledge of making people into zombies. An expedition has been created by General Duval to hunt for the secret, as Tsiang will not tell them much more. General Duval leads the expedition with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), who is engaged to Louque, who also comes along. During the expedition, Claire Louque kills his companion Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), where Louque is not too happy. In a way that could only happen in a movie, Louque finds the secret of turning people into zombies by himself and starting to use his new found power to avenge himself on Claire & Clifford ... Compiled and directed by Victor Halperin Revolt of the Zombies has a bad reputation and after seeing it I can see why. The script of Halperin, Howard Higgin and Rollo Lloyd are all uncredited, have a good central idea, but are being killed by coal death by being boring and as exciting as seeing paint dry. Nothing happens much for years and so much does not happen afterwards. How Halperin portrays his zombies is different from what the most modern audience would regard as a zombie. These zombies are just brainwashed, people and movie documents will have to wait thirty years before George A.Romero would define what a zombie now thinks as in the living dead night (1968). In just about an hour in length, Revolt of the Zombies still feels too long. Technically, the movie is okay when it was made 70 years ago, the black and white film is sufficient, although some of the scenes look as if they were shot against a photo of the background space. The action is wood and largely unimpressive. Zombies rebellion may have been hot stuff in 1936, but it has not dated well & in 2005 it is an absolute task to sit through. I think the movie is now public domain as it shows up on lots of ultra-cheap DVD compilations and budget labels, but it's still not worth seeing, no matter how cheap you can get it.
