This is not really a zombie movie if we define zombies that the dead are going around. Here, the protagonist Armand Louque (played by an incredibly young Dean Jagger) gets control over a method of creating zombies, but his 'method' is actually to mentally project his thoughts and control other living people's minds that make them hypnotized slaves. This is an interesting concept for a movie, and was made much more effective by Fritz Lang in his series of 'Dr. Mabuse 'film, including' Dr. Mabuse the Gambler '(1922) and the' Testament of Dr. Mabuse '(1933). Here it is unfortunately subordinate to his quest to regain the love of his former fiance, Claire Duvall (played by Anne Heche resembling a poor hairdresser, Dorothy Stone), who is really the main theme. <br /> <br /> The movie has an exciting start when Louque is sent on a military archeological expedition to Cambodia to end the cult of zombies that came from there. By some sort of composition (where we get amazing 30s sets and clothes), he announces his engagement to Claire, and then just under five minutes later, she gives him his ring that declares her love for her companion, Clifford Greyson (Robert Noland) . It is unintentional fun as they talk to each other without getting eye contact. This would have been a great movie for the Mystery Science Theater 3000 if they hadn't already burned it. <br /> <br /> It has never been shown how Louque actually teaches the 'zombification' secret, but he then uses it to kill his enemies, creating a huge army of rifles carrying soldiers and bodyguards. We will not see such pure willpower for John Agar in 'Brain From Planet Arous' (1957). Finally, Claire agrees to marry him if he wants to let Greyson live and return to America. Louque agrees, but actually makes him one of his hypnotized slaves. On their wedding day, he realizes that Claire will only begin to love him if he gives up his "forces". To get her love, he does it and causes the title 'rebellion', where all his slaves awaken and attack his composition and kill him. Greyson embraces Claire, and we seem to be at the end of a parable: "Whom the gods would destroy, they first become mad." <br /> <br /> So really, it's not that bad with a movie, despite the low IMDb rating it currently has. By repeated views (?) Can you see the artwork in the well-formed script! Dean Jagger had not yet developed into a good actor, and is almost irreversible in his youth - is it really his own hair? We remember him more for his bald, old male roles in 'White Christmas' (1954), 'X The Unknown' (1956) and 'King Creole' (1958). History borrows many of its basic themes from the Halperin brothers better, former film "White Zombie" (1932), where the innocent Robert Frazier (like Charles Beaumont) uses 'zombification' to win Madge Bellamy's love (like Madeline Parker). <br /> <br /> If you want real zombie movies (of which there are hundreds!) I would start with 'White Zombie' (1932), 'Zombies King' (1941), 'I Walked With a Zombie' (1943 ), 'the night of the living dead' (1968), the last man on earth (1964) and its two remakes. In the modern era of classic films, there are 'Horror Express' (1972),' The Serpent and the Rainbow '(1988), '28 Days Later' (2002) and its successor, and many many others many to mention. <br /> <br /> This is not really a zombie movie. Judging this movie on its own terms, it's more of a semi-Gothic romance. As such, some of Universal's bottom image B horror films from the late 30s and early 40s are somewhat underneath. So I give it a 5.
