"Zombies rebellion" proves that if the same instructor upgrades and reuses an idea, do not necessarily make lightning strikes twice. <br /> <br /> The Halperin brothers, who are responsible for the horror classic "White Zombie", made this a few pieces of waste just a few years later to rely on its popularity and even recycled close-ups of Lugosi's eyes from the previous movie. There was a violation of the rights of the "White Zombie" movie who did not want Halperins to use the word "zombie" in this title. That was the only thing that could help this movie because, as everyone knows, bad movies can make much more money just by getting the word 'Zombie' in the title. Knowing what Victor Halperin has only been able to do a few years before makes this uninteresting movie more insulting. It seems he never directed another horror movie after this debacle. The zombies here do not seem to be true goofy, but simply hypnosis victims. <br /> <br /> Want to create a mind-blowing army of zombies? Be ready to crush a few eggs, including your own. LAME PLOT: You fall in love with scheming woman who plays with her heart and becomes engaged to him only to make her friend, whom she loves, jealous. This sends man into a hanger spiral, trying to use zombie mind-control techniques to change things to his advantage in an attempt to win over a woman who is not worth spitting. <br /> <br /> This includes one of the most obvious obvious plot developments I've ever seen. You have to be blind or stupid not to see the end come. The action is not even good. This movie makes the racially insensitive "Zombies King" (which appeared on the same double bill DVD I bought) acts as an atmospheric horror masterpiece in comparison and reminds us that not all black and white movies are a classic. It makes the atomic age sci-fi alien zombie cheese party "Invisible Invaders" seems like a serious drama. This is a large ball of cheese, so ridiculously melodramatic, it could probably make many Korean movie tabs (South Korean films are often known for their use of the melodrama). The credits indicate the favorite film of the ironically named company. I'm not sure if this favorite movie would be, but of course they are an idiot. Not recommended for fans of: zombies, romance or classic movies.
