Although the title contains the word "zombies", this movie is not what you would expect from a movie made today, but in 1936 the concept is played out as well as expected. Dean Jagger portrays Armand Louque, an officer of the French Army in the First World War, who has stumbled upon an ancient story of soldiers transformed into vending machines or "zombies" that are impenetrable in combat and can hold the key to victory in the war, even if whose side Not sure. Initially, he has trouble convincing his superiors about this phenomenon, but ultimately, French General Duval (George Cleveland) orders a non-military expedition in the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find secret zombies and destroy it. <br /> <br /> The story is played based on a love triangle with Louque, Duval's daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), all part of the expedition. When Louque paralyzes his lack of power and determination, Grayson gives him the advice to follow what he wants in life with all his power. The advice begins to transform Louque, especially after he has been successful in getting a stone tablet that looks like an old city image. After following a temple priest in a swamp, Louque now looks to keep the secret he had sought, even though it is not clear how he was immediately able to order the power "zombie fixation". All it takes is to place his right fist to the forehead, which simulates a third eye, and throws his thoughts to those he wants to control. This is convenient for winning back her girl and taking Grayson's early advice when commenting on his servant, "Buna, we learn to be ruthless". Fans of early "B" horror flicks will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's signature eye stare, picked from the 1932 movie "White Zombie", also from Victor Victor Halperin. Of the two films, the "White Zombie" is predominantly superior, both in history and in the depiction of the undead, where the zombies have a more uncanny appearance and are more threatening. In "Revolt", the zombies are hostile soldiers with a glazed view that simply respond to their mentor commands. In fact, the uprisings of the titles only arise when Louque releases the soldiers from his mental command in terms of his love for Claire; they exceeded his composition and killed him in the process. <br /> <br /> Not to be too hard on the movie, it plays decently within the parameters of its history, but if you think "zombies !!" In the traditional context, you will probably be disappointed. If you want to try early on the subject, the aforementioned "White Zombie" with Bela Lugosi is the right way.
