Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May, the same guy who made the first Darkman sequel as well. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2 and is nothing special in my opinion. Larry Drake is no longer a great villain, now played by great Jeff Fahey, whose character will again have Darkman's work and this time create some ultra strong people to get the lead of the whole city. The movie is pretty much the same in plot and performance as Darkman 2, but I was mostly annoyed by the presence of many scenes from Darkman 2. These sequels were made in a short time and with little money, so these kinds of decisions might be made. Couple scenes are pretty stylish and exciting, but it's still pretty tired movie and often also annoyingly stupid. The characters are screaming and laughing too much and it is very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the movie, and it's like a remake of Darkman 2 that it still can't match. Darkman 2 had many beautiful scenes and stylish camera work, and Larry Drake's ability to play big villain. Darkman 3 only offers some beautiful scenes and moments, but for the most part, this movie is tired and full of clichés. The few positive things in this movie are flashback edits (Westlake's nightmare) and some really surprising plot twists and tricks. And worth mentioning is also the pretty scary death scene of the greatest villain who was a beautiful cartoon as well as inventive without anyone doing. Far more interesting than the death of the main corks in Part Two. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst in the whole series, and we must remember that these two successors were made directly to video and they do not come close to Raimi's original Darkman with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was okay with lots of great scenes and excitement, but this last (?) Post is tired and often stupid and boring piece of sequel. It has some advantages as mentioned, but the overall feeling is that this should not happen in the first place. May is a talented director so hopefully he can get some more remarkable projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
