I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a big action star on la Schwarzenegger, Stallone, and even Van Damme to some extent. He had some great moments in his career, but he also made some poor choices, which is certainly one of them even though he was later made in his career. The weird thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I honestly believe they seriously thought they were doing a provocative and serious thriller? It shows in the way that they describe it on IMDb, on the DVD case, in the comments, and this movie is not serious. Calling it campy would be a huge understatement. The movie is trying to be complex and intelligent when it is actually nothing more than low, confusing and free. In addition, they put Lundgren, who is known for action movies, in an attempt to take a serious role that makes it even more campy, because his range as an actor is quite limited. The whole movie is about the kinky sex world and yet they are trying to make it a serious thriller? Just plot and premises make it immediately into a B-movie porno. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays donated former policeman and raging alcoholic Matt Sorenson who decides to play Detective when his brother is murdered. I think the many plott holes that Lundgren has, get free movement to investigate crime scenes and witnesses and anything else, even though he is no longer a policeman, and you still have a rather strange and somewhat lacking luster performance from Lundgren. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's possible love interest and his brother's widow. Brett plays his role decently enough considering script and campy history. The support molding is huge and no one stands out especially in their performances unless it is on the negative side as Victor Pedtrchenko's utterly horrible performance, which seems to adhere to several different names in the film, has a horrible accent and is a really awful villain. I tried honestly to get into the mystery and movie and look closely, but there was no reason for it because it was all a junk of ridiculous plot and free sex games, including a downright ridiculous fun scene where Lundgren goes under cover and is pointed up and down almost naked. To explain how classic and well done this movie is (sarcasm ... sarcasm) the back of the DVD I picked up (it was really cheap) Lundgren's character has been listed as "Murray Wilson" (not the name of his character in the movie.) While Lundgren somehow manages to be able to see, the film becomes flat on the face that tries to be serious. Considering the director Anthony Hickox is notorious for real B-Movie Horror flicks, it only makes sense, though I think he was really trying to be serious. Hard core cult Lundgren fans will have to see it ... no one else should ... destined for any kind of mystery or excitement. 3.10
