I can't even understand why so many Godzilla fans think this is great, one of the best Godzilla movies ever. This movie is horrible and one of the very few Gojira movies I can't see again (the other is G. vs. Megalon). The plot is too campy to be in the Heisei series, a series that attempted to transform the aging Godzilla franchise into bona fide action films that were about ideas that seemed more in place in 1974 than in 1991. It sounded ridiculous, especially with some of the subject, for example, take the WW2 scene with the Japanese soldiers praising a dying Godzillasaurus, a miserable and serious tone, take the overwhelming past commander, turn the capitalist and his death, look seriously into a movie that the fans of one or another way denotes as playing for laughing like a lumpy villain with guilty illogical fun, if so than this is easily one of the most tasteless movies I've seen, but I think it is more likely that only the talent of the filmmakers was missing, And that was the case with a straight-facing action movie that had gone bad. It was made even worse by the fact that the special effects are horrible besides comparing from jet packs to android to hokey sound effects emitted from everything, it's impossible to take anything serious and yet the movie expects you, there are no nudges for camera. Like almost all Godzilla films, there is a meaningless romance, and it is no exception, although something may be said that this is particularly pointless since and inexplicably. There is literally no reason whatsoever presented to the romance, it just happens, and life lives 360 degrees on it. Apart from this, the second horrible aspect of this movie is dialogue, both Japanese and English are horrible, lumpy and possibly inspiring Battlefield Earth. The Tristar DVD unites the problems, so everything looks like grainy, blurred, subdued and clearly ugly, as was the sound. I first saw the Japanese region 2 version, and the differences are night and day, with the original vivid colors and texture, the remarkable score, especially the combat situations are actually visible. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the Heisei series is a disappointment, with the exception of Godzilla 1984 (Japanese version) there is little to praise here and Godzilla vs King Ghidorah is the case in this mistake. It doesn't even come close to deserving the reputation and fans it gets. <br /> <br /> 2 out of 10
