This is one of those movies where people continue to say "It's a good idea!" about the worst ideas you've ever heard. Then they act on them. I like it. This picture is more fun than any 3 dozen Seth Rogen projects. Well, it's SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojira films have been cannibalizing their own origins since the 60s, but this goes on. What can you say about a culture willing to rape its own sacred cultural icons for a quick buck? This travesty presents a WW2 suicide brigade on "The Last of Marshall Islands" that presents weapons to a dinosaur who chased the US marines away. So, Japanese inexplicably decide not to fight the last man, and instead give up the area attached to their behalf of this giant lizard. They retire to the mainland, where one of them becomes a business tycoon. <br /> <br /> It gets complicated. <br /> <br /> Blonde men of the future, irritable of yet healing male baldness, returned in time in a kind of flying saucer to ask a failed writer and celebrity mentally for their help in eliminating Godzilla before he destroys Japan. The help is questionable as all these 1992 citizens do is go back to 1944 to see some closed-circuit television, but hey, they shot the script. You would think that by the 1990s the Japanese would know better than trusting people in spaceships. Fortunately for Nippon, the white guys - you can tell they are American because they say "nucyals" - mistakenly bringing back the time one Japanese girl left in the future. In a touching display of ancestors, she worships their duality after fetching a flying suit made from canal work that is taped to a Sailor Moon backpack. Showing these time-traveling, fashion-handicapped Caucasians is just jealous of Japan's impending economic imperialist takeover of the known world (in the 22nd century, Japan is buying Africa, which is more like a commitment than an asset). These blondes in padded chintz suits with nonfunctioning straps and redundant zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, which will destroy all of Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho has been known to go out of the way not to build the Tokyo skylin set again. <br /> <br /> Certainly we get the alternative play of Fukuoka ("my garden town") and some other hitherto undamaged rubber-mounted metropolitan areas were wasted by a flying gold metal flake 1/3 of a hydra. In a surprise revelation, we are informed that King Ghidorah was created from some towels that were too long in the microwave. Godzilla also makes his share of demolition when the film wins. Wait - haven't space ship blondes already destroyed Godzilla? Yes, they killed him in the third wheel. But no one expected Japanese in 1992 to have a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles - "Don't worry. We don't keep it in Japanese waters" - with which we can jump on a new Godzilla from an old god dinosaur. Only they do not need, because an uncovered old nuclear weapon shipwreck has already made Godzilla all over again. Oh, and Godzilla finally comes to Tokyo, reunited with his old army mate in a heartbreaking moment of tearful recognition. They look into each other's eyes, and Godzilla nods as saying, "Gotta do it, man." The Tycon nods in understanding. Then Gudzilla blows him up. <br /> <br /> I should also mention here that to prevent Godzilla's revolted anger itself from fulfilling its destiny and destroying Japan, the Japanese girl from the future goes back to the future to ask for help from - yes - a bald white man. Probably because he greets her as the only Asian character from the 23rd century, he advocates building a Mecha-Ghidora and sending it back to the 1990s so that the two gigantic monsters can meet the fate of Godzilla and destroy Japan. In a wonderful nod to the notoriously self-desired whip heads, the girl leading Mecha-Ghidora has trouble controlling the joystick. This Godzilla dress design owes much to Sumo - his thighs are rude enough to double to Rush Limbaughs, and his stomach and chest are thick and dim. But there is more exploding masonry in this picture than in most of his adventures, which is too much. Also has a man with a passing resemblance to Robert Patrick who plays a murder robot. Yes, in the future, the robots will have bald spots. Plus Megumi Odaka represents her role as Micki, the only Japanese girl ever born with ears larger than her Disney namesake and an actressive style even larger than that. It's not her fault: many Japanese directors seem to feel that a seventy foot screen is not quite large enough to show the feel of a human face. I've acted something for Japanese television, and I can tell them they're pushing you to go after it. They seem to urge their authors in the same way. Thank God.
