The principle of Circle of Two is an exciting one. A forbidden love between a sesty-year-old painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a fifteen year old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable given the standards of society. The problem with Circle of Two, however, is that it does not live up to its promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should have thought more about the manuscript. When I watched this movie, I expected to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I got boring dialogue, a meaningless lecture on art, excursions where Sara seemed to have more fun away from Ashleigh, and a final scene so artificial that its emotional effect was lost. This script makes good actors look bad. So one can imagine how the movie's problems were further enhanced with the largely amateur cast that Jules Dassin put together. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. I didn't think for a second that her character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh. Her performance seemed superficial as a participant in a beauty contest. It was as if she forced herself to be happy when the script required her to be happy and sad when the script asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked with her was at the end when she didn't say anything at all. It was probably the closest Tatum's Sarah Norton ever to be genuine. But Tatum was not the only culprit. Richard Burton's Ashleigh lacked the charm, charisma and complexity of attracting even women of his own age, let alone a fifteen year old. The rest of the casting was also gloomy. Even their reasoning was not convincing because they were waiting to return. Who does it Michael Wincott as the jealous ex-girlfriend Paul was probably the best thing in this movie, but his role was small. In order to be fair to the actors, Dassin's direction does not release everyone; But it is also true that a big movie goes beyond the script. Kubrick's Lolita did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovsky's Runaway Train went beyond the manuscript with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts playing prisoners. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them. Despite its own score (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two never succeeds. <br /> In summary, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an older painter and a teenage girl is a good one, but its performance in the Circle of Two is horrible. In many ways it is a shame that a controversial, Lolita-type story ?? as most movie directors for understandable reasons would prefer to avoid ?? had not received more intelligent treatment; that a script that actors would have liked to repeat was not written; the actors who were on their side or had the talent to make their characters right could not be found; and that director Jules Dassin (who did so much better with movies like Rififi and Topkapi) did not have to put down his foot and say, "Before we take any movies, we must reconsider the love story and refresh the manuscript." The only silver lining is that One day an intelligent film about an older painter and a teenage girl who falls in love may be one day. If such a film ever emerges, it will surely be giving controversy, debates and questions for many years to come.
