It is the question you should ask yourself when you see this movie "What was the point?" This movie was nothing but an hour and a half of confusion with totally unlikely people (not using the word actors) and a script you could tell didn't exist. <br /> <br /> One of the things that made me laugh most about this movie was how it said "Victorian story written city" which means there was actually a script for that part of the story. The entire Victorian section had no dialogue and was just composed of shots from a guy staring at a girl and vice versa. Make that part of the movie written as a camera back at a train station. <br /> <br /> OK, time for the story. It starts with a guy sitting in a chair that never even gets out of it. Oh block who needs you? These newspapers come to his house and almost ask him to tell this story of these dead girls. So he starts the story in Victorian times. and here's how the scene goes (Guy and girl are in a field. Beautiful music starts to play) (guy staring at girl) (girl staring at guy) (guy staring at girl) cut back to movie. It's pretty much everything that happens to about half of the movie. The rest of the movie is incredibly awkward dialogue about a bunch of models wishing to buy an apartment. So, this real estate agent shows them one, and when I say that the dialogue is awkward, I think if it were dances, it would go under MACARENA. None of the characters in this movie likes. The models are incredibly annoying, the Victorian people don't speak and the guy tells the story the personality of a sack of onion. So in the end, all the girls are turned off. And by killing off, I mean putting offscreen. ooh. you showed a death? And at death do I mean holding her face until they put on the blood makeup? fantastic. How this guy even knows that this story baffles me. He says it's because he saw it. but how? There was no guy in that apartment! the door locked shut out of the way, the windows were attached to a fire extinguisher that was too messy to work, how did he see all that? Oh plot holes. we love you Then the movie ends with the newswoman who says "I think you've done it. You're wasting our time" despite asking him the interview in the first place. No matter what. This movie was stupid, meaningless and had no meaning in many plot holes. I could go on with this movie, but I don't see the need. I'd much rather spend my time doing something obscene. Like to know something. "Hell's Threshold" belongs more to the turtle with 2 stupid models. out of 10.
