A group of models is looking for an apartment to live in and is shown by a local real estate agent. Unknown to the models and the agent, however, is that the "hell threshold" is in the apartment and when the junction, the demon "Dethman" is called to kill all of them in his path. The story is told by Sam Bishop, a journalist accused of the murders. Although I'm a low budget, micro budget and independent movie champion, I can't praise this movie. The creators have pride in their 24-hour shooting plan and at least one actor boasts the DVD of his acting, but I can't wrap my head around this. Why make a movie in 24 hours if an extra one or two hours of editing would make all the difference? And why are you proud to act badly, indecently and result in poor delivery of a handful of lines? <br /> <br /> Throughout the movie, the models are shown part of an apartment by a real estate agent. The dialogue is clearly ad-libbed because no scriptwriter could come up with such empty diction. The agent also clearly knows nothing about housing ... she focuses on aspects of a home that no one could care about, wrongly explains the heat source (didn't she see the radiator?) And says the pest problem will be solved when they call the "terminator". Please write a script - some deviation is fine, but it was a mess. <br /> <br /> And why did the girls move in models? Their career had no meaning in the plot, and it seems like a forced situation. At one point, an actor breaks character and says something to the effect of "guy they get disturbed" that sounded more natural than any other line, but out of place because of the other bad dialogue. /> <br /> The demon had no meaning. I appreciated the attempt to explain how the "hell threshold" jumps to random places on Earth (including apartment flats), but why not explain where the demon came from? His background involves a man whose love is killed by another man. How does it make you a demon? (Also why did we need all these Victorian flashbacks without dialogue and gaze over a field? It was overdone.) The dramatic breaks between lines were terrible. The Zambian character was by far the worst, with the interviewer not far behind. Have every question a break, a fun face and an answer ... followed by a break, a fun face and an answer? I was so frustrated. For me, the only point was to pull the time out ... but I'd rather have thirty minutes of good delivery than an hour of terrible delivery (and then more time is wasted by driving through the same credits twice). /> Who was Sam Bishop's character, anyway? Allegedly he "saw" all this and was accused of killing the girls, but he was in no way in that part of the story with the girls. So how did he see them? And if he didn't, how did he know that Dethman killed them? And if he didn't see Dethman, how can he know Dethman is the spirit of Apostol? I was so lost ... was there even an overview of a plot when this was written? <br /> <br /> The only part I found comfortable in this movie was a scene with one of the models in the bathroom. Not that it was really important or anything, but it was the only break from boredom I got. I wonder which director Felix Diaz was thinking. His music is very good (see the DVD behind the scenes for his improvised games), but I wonder his film-making skills. Although by far the best part of the DVD was the trailer for its "Superhero Excelsior" (trailer alone was better than this whole waste of time). I'm sorry to be so hard. I would like to think that this movie was a test of what can be done in 24 hours or maybe just an experiment for fun and the idea was never to make a quality movie. But if "Superhero Excelsior" is an indication, Diaz can make quality ... so why did he choose to avoid this? Maybe the world will never know.
