Watching Floored by Love a thought almost immediately comes to mind: "My god it looks like a really bad sitcom." Certainly, it turns out that FBL is a pilot for a series that can start in the fall in Canada, poor poor Canada. Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are a lesbian couple living in Vancouver. Janet has already come out to her mother, but Cars parents are still in the dark about their daughter's homosexuality. The pressure is on itself, even though the parents come from Malaysia for their younger brother's wedding. In the same week British Columbia legalizes gay marriage. When Janet wants to marry, Cara must decide whether to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is gay. Will she? Would she? Could she? Cara's situation is unlike that of Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse has just declared his homosexuality for the world at the age of fourteen. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) will soon be visiting. His stiffer Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of finally being fully accepted by Jesse are being harmed by the fact that Daniel is gay and he is not. Want to call 1-800-Makeover help? <br /> <br /> The dialogue and delivery comes directly from a smaller 1950s program along with the exaggerated physical feeling. The full house-style melodrama is enough to make you twist from time to time, and the attempt at comedy fails largely. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only practitioners who are approaching competence in this miscalculation, but given the material they need to work with, it is no surprise that no one impresses. It is possible that the campsite was purposeful. It often seems like there is no way that the artists are really so bad that they should try to imitate the poorer sides of the day. If this really is the case, then this review is likely to be rewritten. The rewrite will focus on Floored by Love being a poor and inefficient send-up of old sitcoms. <br /> <br /> The writer / director Desiree Lim has composed a by-the-numbers mix-party that is completely forgettable. There was a time when only an overtly homosexual protagonist was enough to make a mark on the screen. The time is gone. Today, we also need quality.
