I sat through this movie and expecting a thought-provoking, fact-based movie. But instead, some of the smallest thought arguments against the Christian faith were imagined. For example, in an attempt to prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator constantly tells the Bible without giving context and thus changing the meaning of the texts. Jesus is quoted as commanding the execution of those who obey him, since in fact, the quote is from a parable that Jesus told, and involved a king who is then quoted. Thus, the narrator tells it as if Jesus says one thing when he actually tells a story where one of his characters says it. This is dishonesty in a very obvious form. Is this really that atheism must offer the world? This film also seeks to use the success of Christ's passion for Jesus Christ: Superstar and Christ's last temptation as evidence that Christians are bloodthirsty. He does not mention the fact that the passion to date was the most historically accurate biblical film. He does not mention the fact that it was actually the best of critics of the pile. He then edits in a series of violent images from the passion as if to hammer home his point. Ironically, he does not mention The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, which came out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment, as opposed to dramatic effect. One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who actually knew more about the subject than he did. All the Christians he interviewed were average schmoes in the car park of Billy Graham's New York Crusade. Atheists he interviewed for the film were remarkable writers and scholars. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement started, and of course they said it started with the Holy Spirit, who came to the disciples at Pentecost. Which is correct (Handler 2). He then gives the comment, "Isn't it funny how few Christians seem to know the origin of their own faith?" and continues to explain that the apostle Paul began Christianity after stopping on the road to Damascus. The poor guy seems to be convinced that Acts 9 happens before Acts 2. More deception? Or is it simply ignorance? He also throws around nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes that Jesus' death and resurrection witness to people (as Paul mentions in the passage) for the Corinthians to question if they are in doubt! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of how full of sheds this 'documentary' is. But because I don't have the time or the patience to go into them all, I'll jump right to the end. It is obvious throughout the film that the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his upbringing in the church. And the climax interview is his primary school principle! In a final attempt to disprove the Christian faith, the narrator tries to fool anyone who gave him a detention as a child. Is that what passes as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? There are truly intelligent atheist filmmakers out there who can make a documentary that is not a lot of ready-made crap that has gone like "facts".
