Let me first say that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist fine, but I do not like the word as it describes what I am not, not what I am) but I hated this "documentary." The production values ​​were amazingly hardly, the assumption was extremely shocking and it all seemed to be an exercise in Brian Flemm's uncertainty. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​were terrible and Brian Flemming is clearly an amateur director at best. The story sounded as if he had just told the film all in one shot, and he did not practice at all. There was a way to many ummer and pauses when he should have spoken in the movie. The animation was also pretty wrong. <br /> <br /> The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars. As I said before, I do not believe in God, and I do not think that if Jesus was a real man, say nothing about God's existence. My personal perception, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived in a time when there were many masses (see apollonius of tiana) and that the stories of his life and sermon were blown in relationship the longer you came from his death . According to the Wikipedia article on Jesus' historicity (and there is a good reference to this, it is garbage). "Almost all scholars of Biblical study and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee, who was considered a healer, was baptized by John the Baptist, was accused of excitement to the Roman Empire, and to the Roman Governor's behalf, Pontius Pilate was sentenced to death by crucifixion. [1] "I was left to wonder at the end of the documentary if this was more about the director's uncertainty than anything else. I was left over if he tried to convince himself more than anyone else. The most telling example of this is the last interview he was with the principal of the religious school. He's not even coy about it. The way he bombs the teacher is unfair, and although I agree with the director in part, these hell children teaching children are a bad thing, the way Flemming faced the main thing was just awkward to see. Flemming had a chance maybe to get a good discussion if he was more tactile with his interview. Instead, he comes off aggressively with "is it not bad to teach the kids these things." The guy interrupts the interview briefly, and I mean, what did he expect, the principal to say "oh yes, I see it is, I have seen the light, it will now be a secular school?" It seems that Flemming is getting revenge for what he thinks was wrong for him in childhood. It's not about the documentary, it's about Flemming's uncertainty, and has nothing to do with the supposed subject of the document. Flemming shows what he really does here, and that is the real decline in this so-called documentary.
