It's not as if I have overwhelming loved ones reminiscent of Verhoeven's original pants-down shocker - it always struck me as a shiny, well-created fly-novel-of-a-movie. Exciting, sexy trash can, but nevertheless the trash can. It was also a movie that dropped into a particular sexual jealousy. After a decade of AIDS-induced hysteria against sex, a movie about a wild sexual hotbush that is thrill-killing to increase her sexual pleasure is pretty enticing. Basic Instinct 2 would always struggle to provide the same social relevance and immediacy, so the fact that it is desperate attempts at raunchiness is so paralyzing one cannot be overlooked. All that was really to be cared for was the thin banner of titillation and a mildly engaging story, and everyone would have been watchable. That it resoundingly fails at so many levels and in such a way as to be a career nadir for everyone involved is really quite extraordinary to see. Let's say the obvious for starters - Sharon Stone is too old for that part of the sexual magnet Catherine Trammell. What was so kerosene through Verhoeven's lenses, resembling mutton-mantle dressed as lambs in the hands of Michael Caton-Jones, which is flat, killed colors and static camera, makes her undeniable beauty unforgettable. I like Sharon Stone very much, but if the first movie launched its career, BI2 could kill it. She has no chemistry with stuffed shirt David Morrissey - their only sex scene is embarrassing to see. His lovely mama's boy of a character made me yearn for the swaggering, orange-skin machismo by Michael Douglas. Supporting turns by David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling waste these fine actors on talky exposure scenes and cliché-heavy posturing. And what about the very prominent sexual shenanigans? Highly enlightened, fleeting flashes, which are quite common as an episode of desperate housewives - the European feelings that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film, are very much missed. Don't watch this movie for lively excitement - there's nobody and what's tragic. The film as a whole is distorted to complete confusion, boring and ridiculous. The last 40 minutes in particular, where you come to the realization that the movie is not going to go anywhere of interest at all, is especially horrible and fun in equal measure. As a failed successor, Basic Instinct 2 will capture similar biographical land like Exorcist 2 The Heretic, Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, it rivals Battlefield Earth in its misunderstanding. As a multi-million dollar piece of Hollywood movie production, it's a travesty that gets hard to top like the years worst.
