One of the most popular rentals on my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 documentary on Jesus Christ called The God Who Was Not There by Director Brian Flemming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, claims that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based solely on pagan traditions. Using interviews with writers, philosophers and historians to debunk the long-standing Christian belief that Jesus, the Son of God, lived among men, was crucified and resurrected, Flemming compares the Christian history with the cult figures Isis and Osiris in Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek. mythology and Roman mystery cultures as mithraism and find many surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to his evidence of pagan cultures, he also says that the earliest sources of Christian history, the four gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date of the crucifixion of Jesus, and that St. Paul's letters show little evidence that Jesus is a flesh and blood figure. Unfortunately, Flemming is unable to make a solid study of the truth of Jesus' life, but only to use the subject as a starting point for a full-blown attack on Christianity and the whole religion. Most of the interviews are with them philosophically adapted to the director, including entertained atheists such as biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians interviewed are those on fringe like Scott Butcher, creator of the Rapture Letters.com website and Ronald Sipus, head of the fundamentalist Village Christian School, which Flemming attended as a boy. <br /> <br /> As Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus goes out in the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells us how wrong Christianity was wrong with the sun turning around the earth, and then pointing to atrocities committed in the name of Christianity as those of cult leader Charles Manson, who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser who was splitting her baby's arm for God. He also raises a statement from a book from LaHaye and Jenkins, who say Christians "look forward to the day when all non-Christians are cast into a lake of fire, frightened and frightened." To further turn to Christianity, Flemming shows us extended clips from Mel Gibson's Christ Passion and detailed details of each scene of violence and torture. What could have been a serious discussion of a very interesting subject eventually becomes a childish rant and a controversy against all religion. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit invisible actions, he ignores such people as the socialist Muriel Lester, a famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Mayan Indian in Guatemala who helped find the revolutionary Christians and received The Nobel Peace Prize in recognition of her work for social justice and motherhood, whose work was about respect for each person's worth and dignity. His most narrative argument is his comparison of Christian doctrine with pagan cultures, and he does some good points, but Flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these cultures resemble Christian doctrines, there is no text or source material for these cultures before 300AD , long after the New Testament. It is also important to note a big difference. The initiator's immediate goal was a mysterious experience that made them feel that they had achieved a union with their god. This is anathema to Christianity, which believes that a church hierarchy, including priests and bishops right up to the pope, is bound to interpret God's will for humanity. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian and doubt that Jesus Christ was actually a historical figure, the truth is that in the long order of things it cannot be. It is important to introduce a message to mankind and spread around the world that contributed to the spiritual development of mankind. Regardless of the distortions and crimes that were later committed in his name and there were many, Christianity was conceived as a doctrine of compassion and love and a moral and ethical code that promotes respect for our fellow human beings. <br /> <br /> While I welcome the fact that the movie was made and that a taboo topic was discussed, what is very necessary is not another split attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but to see it as a common thread that can bring the people of the world together. While there is room for debate and discussion on religious issues, Annie Besant says, "the spiritual truths are best seen in the fraternity and mutual respect. The God who was not there is only recommended to those whose idea of ​​a good time is to take on the religion of others.
