Let me start by saying that I totally agree with the film's basic thesis that there was probably no historical Jesus, and Christianity is a shame. Having said that, this film makes a pretty bad job of proving that dissertation. It gives good arguments - the gap between Jesus' theoretical life and the writing of the gospel, filled only with Paul's writings that do not indicate a historical Jesus - and so completely fail to convincingly argue for them. It makes great statements without presenting the evidence on which the statements are based and it resolutely ignores the counter-arguments presented by Christian apologists. The intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation, and lack of serious argument are obvious and amazing. The only Christians we hear from in the movie are the head of the filmmakers' old school - which comes as a reasonable and rational person who tries to handle a twit with a chip on his shoulder - and various Christians apparently came across a parking lot. I'm sorry, but revelation that average Christians don't know much about their religion is not exactly criminal evidence of Christianity's fraud. You might as well claim that Jay Leno has contested the existence of Michael Dukakis on his Jay-Walking segment. The interviews with experts may be interesting, but the film is full of too much, let's be honest, the movie maker is just snarky. Within the first five minutes, the film has already coincided with Jerry Falwell with Charles Manson and the authors of the Left Behind series with Branch Davidians. And in the end, the film becomes so self-centered that there is no rational argument left behind, only an angry former Christian strikes the people and places he blames for his shaken childhood. Yes, maybe that movie might have been interesting, but it is wrongly placed in a documentary about Jesus' historicity, and it is so congratulating to deflate any sympathy. This is a Michael Moore movie without humor or the film-forming sharpness combined with a Richard Dawkins book without white or intellectual rigor. Skip it over.
