Jack London's life was certainly colorful enough for a dozen movies on various aspects of him. Sad to say, even though what his life was used for in film, it was a part of the wartime propaganda that put the best face on some of the least attractive parts of his character. Jack London, who was almost 40 years old when he died wrote some of the best stories around. He wrote about what he knew, but he also wrote, like everyone else who brings luggage in his own life, with him. Part of that experience on another day and time would have been condemned as racism. But it was World War II, and London was a great believer in the 'yellow danger' it was called back in the day. <br /> <br /> Two thirds of the film covers his life as a writer, we see his year as a sailor from where he got the inspiration for The Sea Wolf. We see him up in the Yukon in a mining cabin with a dog that was undoubtedly his inspiration for The Call of the Wild. London was able to capture the fairy tale spirit that his own life was about on paper in order for the world to enjoy ever since. The last third was about his time as a war correspondent covering Russo-Japanese war. London was a socialist, but his socialism did not include people who were oriental. As a couple of million others, he saw the rising immigration of the Chinese and Japanese to our Pacific coast as a threat to jobs for the white people. He proposed strict immigration policies for the Orientals. <br /> <br /> The film puts the cart in front of the horse. London is presented as a man who saw because he was present at the Russian-Japanese war, what Japan's ambitions were and for that reason was as alien as he was. In fact, the kind of horrors that were present in World War II did not exist during the Russian-Japanese conflict. Japan had its imperialist ambitions, but everyone else did the USA at the time. But our immigration policy caused by pressure from our West Coast politicians was a major contributing factor to the deterioration of relations with Japan over a few generations. London was part of the cause, not a prophet crying in the desert. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first independent production of Samuel Bronston, who later made some movies with a little more budget than Jack London. If he had a little more money, Bronston could have got James Cagney or Spencer Tracy, both of whom would have been right for the role. Instead, they got Michael O'Shea, who made his second movie after Lady of Burlesque. O'Shea is fine in that part, but certainly not a ticket office. When London covers the war, he meets a captain Tanaka, played by Leonard Strong, an actor specializing in Orientals, and played a ton of them in World War II. From the 1905 vantage point Strong outlines in the best Fu Manchu tradition is Japan's imperial goal, just to take the United States eventually. Must have gone well with the swing shift crowd. <br /> <br /> Of course, left out of London's life, including a first wife. Playing the second and only wife in this movie is Susan Hayward, who only enters the movie when it is half over. I wish we would have seen more of her. Charmian Kittredge London survived her husband for almost 40 years in 1955. <br /> <br /> In fact, O'Shea met and married the leading lady of his life in Jack London. Virginia Mayo has a small role in Jack London, and they married for 30 years until O'Shea died in 1973. <br /> Perhaps one day we get a view of Jack London that will be much better than this one.
