Italian-born Eleonora has inherited from his late love Karl, an ultra-modern and isolated house in the middle of the forest. It's winter, and she meets the mysterious caretaker Leslie, who eventually not only looks for the house, but also Eleonora, as she tries to adapt to her new environment and a growing attraction between the couple. <br /> What did I expect? A thriller actually, but it wasn't quite like that. It's just the advertisement on the package for you! I'm very confused about everything. The title, the story and the motivation. So how is it classified? Well, this three-character drama is more an enigmatic, moody romantic-based story of alienation, possession, and addiction that is angry at a complicated passionate relationship between two masked individuals. Co-author (along with William Dafoe) and director Giada Colagand's art film is just too clinical, distant and intended with its mysterious metaphorical history, which leaves you questioning what does it really mean ?? Although when the sudden conclusion materializes, you want to think about why I should actually care. What we are going through feels aimlessly with a dim display of dead air that focuses on insignificant details and images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to many awkward developments, but to a greater extent make it a leaden experience, as it will never work deep enough. Just as it thinks it does. The sexually-salted activities are simply never filtered and are far from erotic. They are a bit of a bump in the already sluggish stream. The base of the plot gives something interesting and fresh, but it is never fulfilled and I thought there would be more to it so all this boring lingering. Colagrands direction is professionally stylish and appropriate gloomy that she will imagine, but everything feels like it is in slow motion and can be caught up and admire the same views. Most of the actions remain in one place ?? the House. The camera work is very tight, but the sullen musical score can be a bit ridiculous when it comes to some dramatically stabbing music signals that made little sense and purpose for the scenes. Giada Colagrande plays it sensually and William Dafoe sleeps breaks. He sees the dog tired! While Seymour Cassel, his head pokes occasionally. <br /> <br /> Just where is it going, is there any guess. Well, that's if you can wait for it. I think I will give it the benefit of the doubt, as it is not what I expected from this indie film.
