I respect the Alex Cox movie maker I really do. He is like the child at school, which you think at first, just trying to be a little too hard to be "different", a literary punk rocker who has dipped more than his feet in spaghetti westerns and science fiction and fringe culture and come out into the world ready to take s *** on ... but then you can see what he can actually do, the talent and the raw feverish artwork and moments of true absurd hilarity that are capable of him, and you ready to see what he has to offer. But there are two sides to his proverbial coin: he can either really knock it out of the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker exceptionally) or just try a little too hard and pull too many pretentious rabbits out of the hat Just to hell) . Death and Compass fall into the latter category, and while respecting its (mostly) original approach to tackling a detective killer story, it also falls on the face and its oddity becomes strangely boring. <br /> <br /> It has a strange enough setup and already irreverent style to follow: A detective Erik Lonnrot is after a killer with a hell fire, Red (something), and it seems that the killer leaves disturbing tracks with its victims: scraped in blood on the walls are messages that, according to eyewitness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston looks like he just walked away from Shallow Grave without changing his appearance) have religious significance in the kabbalah. We follow Lonnrot on his case, and his methods of searching for the perpen, which first follows a triangular and so compass-shaped pattern on the map - this despite protests by flabbergastede commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval) who also looks back in flash promotion, sitting at a desk and talking to the audience in confused but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleague after the fact. Cox has his moments of creativity and interest, as a shot, where we see the full extent of the police's drowning depths, where Eccleston's character is taken by handcuffs ("For his own protection" says Lonnrot in case of getting lost in the wrong room) and we are followed in a long shot - perhaps the best or just most curious - where we are taken through very dark times with very little direction, lost in the maze of oscillations and subordinates among the characters. And it is never something that is not fascinating to see * with Miguel Garzon's filmography a morbid joy. But the plot goes through hoola-hoops to keep things so off-beat it might as well be beat-less together. The performances, with the exception of a safe Boyle and for Eccleston at the end, are pretty bad, especially Sandoval, who just seems to be moving in his seat, reciting the crazy dialogue he has been talking to the audience. <br /> <br /> Although the murder plot itself contains an intent for the public that this is not something we have seen before, it is in a society with many rioters and architectures that suggest Alphaville's next disappointing wave, so It also gets very fast. What is the conflict here? I was never so much involved in Boyle's own personal mission to find this killer and only gently caught in the few flashes of killed scenes of the killer (and / or murderers) who go after people like in the building early (Cox himself has a funny KOMO). And just as I started thinking, it was up to something spectacular, with Boyle and Eccleston in the big ("not as big as you think") building in the south of the city, it suddenly gives us a "TWIST" We know that behind our mind comes, but hope is not and it kills some of the humdrum mystery it has caused. For all of Cox's sinister touches as filmmakers, for all his resistance to trembling the audience with a "conventional" approach that I respect, Dead and Compass ultimately cuts in the brain stem; It's masturbation.
