The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to poor horror / cult cinema and every new movie he publishes ?? which is about two, three a year ?? Receives promptly always negative reviews and harsh criticism. You are actually almost tempted to believe it is just a modern hype. You know it is popular to hate Uwe Boll, whether you liked his movie or not. Let me just assure you that this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a horrible writer / instructor and quite frankly a threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another most unfortunate proof that. Here, Boll tries so desperately hard to come across as controversial and shocking that he overlooks many other elements that any movie really should exist, like a plot, a narrative structure, character development, excitement building ?? "Seed" is a horrible movie, full of free filth and incompetent padded footage. I once read that "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the contemporary popular horror trend of Torture Porn flicks, but it's not even close. The movie allows observed influences from "Saw" and "Hostel", but basically it is just another fifty boring slasher with an indestructible killer and video game violence. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are beyond boring and actually just confirm all the obvious things you already knew would happen. For you, Boll was stupid enough to start his movie with a (hyper-fast) rolling text explaining that there is a federal US law claiming that prisoners of death should be released if three attempts to electrolyze them fails. So you know this happens later, but the first three quarters are still wasted by catching a serial killer and bringing him to the electric chair. Seed is a buried serial killer who probably slaughtered 666 victims (much exaggerating?) Carrying a bag over his head. He looks at the gravel range of real animals (and thus we see the gravel range of real animals, thanks for that Mr Ball) and video tapes people who slowly break down in their basement (including a crying baby who is really sick and twisted). When he is finally caught, the film is even more withdrawn during the most amateur and incredible police dogs ever filmed and put on the death row. After being buried alive because the electric chair could not freeze him, Max Seed creeps back to the surface and goes on a whole new killing spree; this time, primarily focuses on the people who arrested and executed him. <br /> <br /> The pointless plot twists and complete lack of history depth of this movie goes far beyond being just bad; They are quite infuriating and insulting the intelligence level of the average horror movie fanatic. More turns and subplots in "Seed" are simply impossible to accept from the reasonable functioning human mind because they are just too stupid! No one believes police and prison members will just bury a mass murderer alive without shooting a few bullets through his head first. No one will accept that a fleeting convict cannot be found for another six months, even though he immediately returned to the same place where they first caught him! "Seeds" are filled with retarded little things like these, and the movie becomes dumber with every minute passing. Personally, I refuse to accept that the cast and crew members did not see it too. It makes you think that Uwe Boll simply neglects all the advice and criticism, and takes just one-piece his films as he wants. I imagine his shouting things like "keep up and do as you are told" to his actors when they notice that the scene they shoot at doesn't make sense. <br /> <br /> Just for fun to disturb people, there is a gigantic long sequence in which Max Seed smashes an older lady with a hammer while tied to a chair in the middle of her own living room. Instead of shockingly as Boll intended, this sequence indicates masterfully how pathetic and wannabe controversial the entire movie is. "Seeds" are terrible, it's disgusting, it's pitiable, that's ?? Boll.
