Consider, for a moment, how to be Uwe Boll. Somewhere, perhaps in the places Jack Nicholson said "You're not talking about parties," David Lean had head lice as a child who had more talent for filmmaking than him. Gore Whores, metal heads and the socially dysfunctional can encounter him on the circuit and tell him otherwise, but generally the audience finds the teutonic helmsman's production so deprived of originality, whiteness or imagination that he has become the bogeyman of the Internet ?? an online discursive synonym for photochemical excrement. Ball is doing its best to ride over these naysayers and utilize tax credits available in Germany and Canada to continue working and raising money from a network of dentists like Zero Mostel made with old ladies in The Producers. The difference is that Mostel's character knew that he had intestinal fill. Maybe Uwe knows that too. Such is the hostility to each new 'Bollbuster' that IMDb cartridges sabotage their ratings by voting 1 before they have seen it. Boll's attempt to decipher his critics by challenging them into a boxing match and knocking them out just made them more determined. In fact, he is probably the only filmmaker who has increased thesaurus sales as critics, searching for inventive ways to describe garbage. <br /> <br /> This attack has made Uwe a very thick skinny man, so much he has to feel wrapped up in a blanket, but one feels like he's bullied by the whole world. Like most people in that situation, he knocks out, determined to disturb as many people as possible, reminiscent of a toe-fire, which keeps Variety's review of the House of the Dead, never too far from the surface. This 'I know you are, but what am I' strategy to regain the initiative produced Posten's silent satire, which tried to napalm the dissidents with jokes about 9/11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. Such a litany of invective requires a satirist with Peter Cook's mind and Chris Morris visual imagination, but the closest Boll comes to either man being o in their last name. <br /> <br /> In Seed back to back with the above game customization, Boll is back with a story of a sadistic serial killer (is there any other kind?) that only makes the chair two attempts to fail permanently all signs of life. Keep in mind the fictitious law that says someone is still living after 3 trials, should go free, but if you had fried with so much electricity, why would you have it legally dead and bury him only for that Unhappy murderer to revive and begin a whirlwind ride on his slurry. <br /> <br /> Boll begins its 'nihilistic rage exploration' with Seed watching footage of animals being tortured for trial purposes. From there, are we treated at the killer's store in commerce? kidnapping dogs, babies and adult women and allowing them to starve to death on the camera to become maggot food. We are invited to reflect on what a depraved race of amoral meat bags we all are ?? our inhumanity to one another and our fellow human beings who act as a candlestick that act as a catalyst for the most disgusting conditions of human condition. Yes, we are worthless, gormless sadists and worse than that, we will not give Uwe a good rating on IMDb. In short, humanity is bunk. Of course, you might think that Uwe relies on our worst profits for his livelihood and with that in mind, is it a bit of a bipolar piece on the one hand hating his audience and positively busting into the sour milk of human kindness? the milk that the bad old Boll has had to drink for so long while whipping his member and inviting them with a pornographic desire to be on the screen depravity to marvel at his clean ass split. says nothing about society and its dissatisfaction, more the corrosive effect bad press has on its director. Bad Uwe is of course a very sour man ?? a scene where a poor woman gets her hearts hammered into a pulp while tied to a chair, no doubt a surrogate for her own imagination of sending various web critics. That it is, but takes an avant-garde approach by not being attached to any kind of narrative thread, shows that Boll is a pornographer who would like to get involved in his audience's bloodstream and know that the plot is excess to the requirements. He has made a film that is competently shot but completely deserted. "I wanted to make a horror movie that wasn't fun" Boll told the audience at the film's world premiere and he has succeeded in this faint manifesto, but if it were to convince the director's critics that he was a serious genre maker, he needed something real to say as well as a better and more original way of saying it.
