"National Treasure" (2004) is a thoroughly rude hodge-podge of plot entanglements borrowing from almost every gown and dagger government conspiracy cliché ever written. Movie Starship Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is it, I ask you?); A seemingly normal guy, for no other reason than being of a genus of like-minded misguided fortune hunters, decides to steal a "national treasure" that has been hidden by the American founders. After a little subtitle and background that scares (unintentionally) as Indiana Jones encounters The Patriot, the movie degenerates into a dissatisfied whimsy after another ?? Trying to create a 'Stanley Goodspeed' regurgitation by Nicholas Cage and launching the all-together root forward with a series of high-end but interrupted misadventures. <br /> <br /> The relevance and logic of having George Washington and his patrick's modley crew bury a ransom's ransom on original land, and then through the diligent plan to leave traces scattered throughout the American currency artwork, is something that director Jon Turteltaub will never really explain. Could Washington not find better use of such wealth at the start of the country? Therefore, we are back with a mystery built on a riddle that is already on shaky ground as Ben designates the new steward of this incredible wealth. Ben's intentions are noble ?? if confusing. He is prepared to protect the treasure. For whom and when your guess is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are some issues with Ben's Crusade. First of all, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he can't wait for Ben to make his opinion about stealing the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives (oh, yes, brilliant idea!). Probably the back of the famous document has the secret answer to the ultimate fortune. So Ian is trying to kill Ben. The murder trial is, of course, unsuccessful, if too melodramatic. It also allows Ben to pick up and select the files that are very hungry, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). She thinks Ben is clearly a distress? at least in the beginning. But true to action / romantic form, Abby's idleness melts faster than you can say, "is it Hope Diamond?" The movie moves in full X-File-ish mode, when the FBI mistakenly believes Ben is behind the theft, is repaid in various benign ways leading to a multi-store action sequence reminiscent of Mission Impossible, The Fugitive meets. Honestly, do those guys never get information that is correct? In the end, "National Treasure" is not a good film production, as much as it is a patchwork of tired old bits from other films, interwoven from bits that will make IL 'Betsy Ross blush. /> <br /> Buena Vista DVD provides a much more generous treatment than this movie deserves. The anamorphic widescreen image shows a very smooth and finely detailed image with very rich colors, natural flesh tones, solid black and pure whites. The stylized image is also free of stains and digital enhancements. The sound is 5.1 and delivers a good sonic boom to your side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. Extras include a lot of promotional material that is rather deep and over the top in its explanation of how and why this film was made. Only as an audience did we have had more clarification on why Ben and co. was chasing an illusory treasure, this could have been a good flick. Extras are concluded with the theatrical trailer, audio commentaries and deleted scenes. Not for the faint hearted ?? just the thick head.
