I watched this movie last night on one of the pay-per-view channels, and while I watched it, I quickly asked why I was bothering me. I really expected something more from this movie. Maybe something like 'Conspiracy Theory'. Why? Maybe because of the casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder why have they disturbed? But instead of an absorbing act of mystery drama, I was caught up in a pastiche of breakneck silliness a là 'The Goonies', which to my surprise seems to have achieved some actual critical praise. Maybe it's because 'The Goonies' was clearly targeted at the pre-teen and teen audience. While 'National Treasure' judged from the previews was seriously meant to appeal to an adult audience. Suspension of disbelief is one thing. That's how you can enjoy sci-fi and horror. But I actually found myself resisting the heaping tablespoons of paranoid and conspiracy tricks that were pushed to the audience. Oh, the screenwriter peeled the entire jargon to evoke a sense of serious engagement. "Wow! The Masons. The Templars of the Knights. You know it could really be true!" I think the author really lost me when Gates said the founders found the treasure to keep it out of the hands of the British! And just where are the Templar knights coming from? New Jersey? Oh, I forget. From France! It goes a long way to explaining how it ended in Philadelphia during the revolution. It was brought there by agents from Napoleon! Anyway, you see what I'm getting on. The film's premise is interesting. And I really think it could have been successful as a serious mystery drama. But it just comes out like another child smiling in adult clothes. In the end, I think it asks the audience not just to suspend faith but to intentionally ignore it to an insulting degree. <br /> <br /> I just finished seeing more articles by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's a shock to switch from fine dining to Hollywood Big Mac and fries. <br /> <br /> Okay, okay. If you pants over chases, explosions and 'gee-whiz' gimmickry you will enjoy 'National Treasure'. But is this kind of movie, have you ever stood outside a movie theater waiting to come in while the previous audience is coming out? And all the young children talk tense and say things like "Wow! Did you see how that thing blew up? It was so cool!" 'National Treasure' is that kind of movie.
