Nick Cage is Gates, a treasure hunter (oh, excuse me ... darling "protects" whatever it means) that originates from a variety of treasure hunters. One of his ancestors had a clue where a great treasure was where our founders, most not all freemasons, had decided to hide because they just didn't want to fund their independence all that badly. <br /> <br /> The first clue turns out to be in a long lost ship hidden in the Arctic. Gates and his crew, financed by Ian (Sean Bean), Film Dork Riley (Justin Bartha of the Immortal "Gigli") and a few faceless flaws, enter the cargo ship's hold. They immediately spilled tons of spices all over the floor, not that this is essential in any way. Finally, they find clues (a skeleton hovering over it) and it turns out to be a tube of writing ... on it. Sort of. Don't ask me to explain it. It is a mystery, and despite the fact that his expedition obviously fails by not finding the true treasure, Gates wanders around himself about the importance of the deity, in this frozen cargo space, while the crew is only standing in the tank. I mean, come on. Someone should have been a little vocal in their disappointment to come all the way to the freaking arctic and not find anything interesting, but they just stand there as Gates enters his own world and solves the riddle. <br /> <br /> The next clue turns out to be on the Declaration of Independence. Ian decides to steal it. Gates are shaken. Different signs provide gratingly obvious exhibit (get used to it). All of this leads to Iran's deficiency pulling a gun at Gates, and the junction goes into a big explosion. (oh, that's why they wasted everything crumpled! Huh !!) Ian and his henchmen make their escape, and Gates and Movie Dork Riley walk nine miles in underflowing temperatures to an Inuit village to stop them. <br /> <To stop them, Gates ends after trying the FBI and Super Archivist Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger), Gates and Riley to steal it themselves. Riley then tells Gates in scary details why they can't steal the statement because it is so protected by metal and laser eyes and high tech security blah blah. Gates then tells Riley that it is possible to steal it from the conservation room. By Riley what the Conservancy is, Gates asks? "A place where they make jams and jellies?" I'm not kidding; That is the real line. Bartha also does not deliver it as a joke. So Riley does all this research on the congress library and the archives and water and wastewater, fercryinoutloud, but doesn't know what the conservation room is. This basically indicates which level this script is on. In order to do the rest of this card, Gates actually does with D in I, in a ridiculous burglary that could only happen in a movie. (I also hate the way they portray computer screen technology in movies - full of unlikely and impractical graphics and fonts.) Abigail Chase ends up tagging together for convenience and as an obvious "interest of love". At one point, the three of the laws all discuss their plans really high in a clothing store surrounded by people. <br /> <br /> A number of tracks and the kidnapping of Gates's father, played by a dyspeptic Jon Voight, lead good guys and bad boats to a large Indiana Jones house located under New York City. Strange that the metro builders never found this thing. Ports and gates Senior leads Ian on a wild goose hunt. Ian thinks they are trapped in a dead end and leaves them there. But after they are gone, Riley asks how they come out. Gates ... <br /> <br /> ... oh boy ... <br /> <br /> ... press a button and a door opens. No, I'm serious. A button that they might have on a heated toilet in an office building. Well, he knew where it was. Anyway, after some more knot-twiddling, they find this huge treasure room (remember, this is all under Manhattan!) Filled with all sorts of historically golden things. Riley gets to deliver a really stupid line. Again. And FBI officer Harvey Keitel forgives them, arrests Sean Bean, and allows the two chemistry-less leaders to get married. <br /> <br /> For every viewer, I think it would be difficult to ignore the whole exhibition, the leaps of logic and the stereotypical characters for a very long time. Although some of its exhibits involve good history lessons included in random moments of conversation. I want more conversations like that in my life.
