John Carpenter's career is over if this sad excuse for a movie is no indication. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover all fit together in the same clothes. In short, it was hard to tell which one was shorter in an anorexic ramp model kind of way. Bon Jovi has the most charisma. At least he looks good when he smiles. The two Vampire Girls on the other hand are all cramps and complaints. At some point they are giving each other a wet kiss, but stopping. Great how each Vampire movie has some morays for the respective vampires. At one point, Arly Jover delivers fellatio to a very stupid vampire hunter, and then sucks the blood while doing the sex action. It would have been an erotic moment, except that it was recorded as a total goof, and the male actor looked miserably when he saw Arly Jover moving her head to imitate something that clearly did not happen. As far as gore is concerned, a few heads have been ripped off, and the blood leaps violently. These scenes have so little excitement or buildup that when they happen, it's almost fun, and there's no "horror" payout from the scene. All you get as a member of the audience is a feeling of "Wow, it was probably a lot of red paint splashed on the walls. I wonder who should clean up." Throughout the film, these vampire hunters, who of course try to kill Arly Jover (the world's top vampire), hold out to reach her. At one point, Bon Jovi enters the abandoned church, and after just firing her with an arrow (and doing so on other occasions) he says, "I'm not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. want to get to know you. "HUH ?? Of course, the stupid vampire Arly jumps out to say hello, and Bon Jovi again clings to another impulse unit. "Why can't we be friends" The 1970s hit the song of WAR should have been the theme song for this movie. Apart from all the other stupid moments, there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner has removed all of his vampire blood, and the city's people are all set to donate blood for their transfusion. I think blood type is not important? In any case, all her vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if this blood is transfused into him, he can beat Arly by becoming a vampire as well. Of course, when the vampire blood is transfected into him, none of his healthy blood is removed. So apparently Bon Jovi goes around with twice as much blood as any human being can have in his body. And like the first VAMPIRES, this also has the vampire-exploding-flame effect.
