Live Feed is set in an unnamed Chinese / Japanese Asian district, which five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) & Darren (Rob Scattergood) enjoy night on the town and take in the sights. After a scuffle in a bar with a Japanese triad manager (Stephen Chang), they decide to check out a porn theater as you wanted. Inside, they are separated and quickly discovered that the place belongs to the Triad chief who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons unclear. Can the local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also gets a prosthetic designer credit, saying that Live Feed is another rather poorly low budget shot on a camcorder type. horror movies that apparently exist only to deposit on the notoriety and success of the Hostel (2005) & mini craze for 'torture porn' as it has become known. According to IMDb's "Trivia" section for Live Feed writer and director, Nicholson wrote it after hearing about certain activities that are going on at live sex theaters, for my money I think he wrote it after seeing Hostel! The script is pretty bad, there is no basic reason why this porn theater has a big fat ugly freak dressed in bondage gear wondering about torture and killing people, none. Was it for the Triads? Was it for his pleasure? Was it to make snus films to sell? Some kind of explanation would have been nice. Also why did he beat the Triad boss at the end? If you're looking for a movie with a coherent story, forget about Live Feed. It seemed to me to be a kind of troubled misjudged mix of sex, S&M, horror, torture, gore and action movies that didn't come out. I mean, just putting a horror movie in a porn theater doesn't go automatically to make your movie a good thing, it still has to be a decent script and story, right? The character was pretty bad clichés, and some of their actions and motivations were more than a bit dubious. It moves together at a reasonable pace, it's a pretty twisting mix of gore, sex and nudity, but it looks good, reducing the effect. Director Nicholson doesn't do anything special here, editing is crooked & annoying, he thinks thinking lighting almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea, and the movie has a cheap look over it. Available in both 'R' and 'Unrated' versions, I saw the shorter cut 'R' version that is really not so gory, but I'm ready to take the doubt to the 'Unrated' version and say it can be very, very much gorias, but I can't say for sure. There is also a lot of nudity too if that is your thing. I would not say that there is much of an atmosphere or many scares here because there is & is not respectively, although it has a dizzy tone in general, which is something it goes for what I suppose. <br /> <br /> Technical Live Feed is not terribly impressive, the blood looks a bit too watery to my liking and the whole scenes bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes make it difficult to tell what is happening, it often looks as if it was shot on a handheld camcorder and the choppy editing at least on the 'R' nominal version is sometimes an annoying mess. Shot in place in an actual porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. The action is bad, sometimes I couldn't tell if the actors in this would cry or laugh ... Live Feed is not a movie I would recommend anyone to hurry out and buy or rent, I didn't think much of it with the very weak predictable story that lacked exhibit and that goes nowhere, bad acting and less than impressive gore (at least in the 'R' nominal cliff anyway). See either Hostel movie again or instead as they are superior.
