First of all, the actor they are going to play Jesus has blue eyes ... half of the actors they play Jews have blue eyes. Isn't there enough brown eyes out there? Jesus is depicted as having blue eyes is one of my pet fever. He was a full-blooded Jew! Secondly, what about old English-language films that have to take place in non-English speaking countries and everyone has English accents? (Another example is David Lee's "Dr. Zhivago".) Are there not enough Jewish actors or actors to make an Israeli accent? The film is often not true to Scripture, and it seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes from heaven, saying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I am well" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movie, John the Baptist says this! The screenwriter seems to try to portray the believers as crazy. For example, in the angel Gabriel, Mary tells her that she is pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the movie we do not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to speak with a moon beam and when mothers mother hears her to talk to someone and look at her, she also does not hear anyone. Also in the movie, when Jesus speaks to the Pharisees in the temple in Jerusalem, he says: "Do not see me here again until you learn to cry:" Blessed is the one who comes in the name of the Lord "for I and my father are alike and the same. ' The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is "You will not see me again until you say," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. "" Period. Jesus never claimed to be God. The movie carries out many important parts (the Berg's sermon is widely used), but spends so much time on things that are not even in the Bible (a whole scene with Mary Magdalena talking to a John). It seems that the scriptwriter, instead of wishing to make a film version of the scriptures, wanted to make a movie about what he thinks might have really happened behind (and between) the scenes. However, the film has a gem - during the scene where Jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son, in Matthew's treasurer's house, I had tears flowing down my face. It's the best movie I've seen about Jesus' ministry (but it doesn't say much, because the others are just awful). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite film about Jesus 'last days ("The Passion of Christ" is too graphic), although I like how "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of just ending Jesus' death, continues and shows his resurrection.
