... although a movie that seems to be trying to market itself as a horror, there was a clear lack of blood. There was also a clear lack of skilled management, action, editing and script writing. <br /> <br /> Jeremy London put in one of the most horrible beliefs I have ever seen - his "descent into the meal stream" of madness is painfully self-conscious and clumsy. Oh look at him! Oh look at him, drink strong spirits! Oh look at him lift his forehead and dick his head at an angle! Oh look at his unwashed, greasy dark hair! Oh listen to his reassured voice! He must be a tortured artist / writer / genius! Oh yes, it comes the poet - it's another boy who thinks he's Byron. (Or Poe.) Oh for the love of ... did anyone give this guy a guide on "How is it good" or just take him out of a cardboard box somewhere, the deposited little plastic toy price in a discontinued brand of bargain bin grain. Okay, it was a stupid line - but that's just because London's performance has melted my brain with its horror. <br /> <br /> Katherine Heigl is sweet and very briar rust, but has not yet grown into her acting in this movie - she delivered her lines as if she were quit, in fact, all her performance was a lot of wood she stood as stiff as her lines - who may know she just reacted to and tried to neutralize Jeremy London's flailing overruns, but if so, she took it too far. <p> <p> Notable is Arie Verveen as Poe - while his character is confused, he delivers the best performance of the play. He simply looks right, but it's more than that - he has some kind of depth, I thought he had a life beyond the grim two-dimensional quality of the rest of the characters. Huh, maybe it's just because I like Poe, and could just let my mind wander and invent while he was on the screen - no matter what, he had a stake of interest otherwise. The rest of the characters are a faceless blur - there are all the usual caricatures: the perky blonde's best friend who is a bit of a floozy; the beaten local policeman who is a bit of a dork; the protective elderly man who may have too much unnatural interest in our heroine; the scheming old witch, etc, etc., yawns, yawns. <br /> <br /> As with the "special lack of blood for a horror movie" problem, none of the themes they mention (and that London's character mentions - so scary - in his attack on Poe's writing) ) followed through on. As another reviewer said - there was potential here: murder, incest - really shocking things, but instead they push away from the problems and cut away from the violence (a raised candle that swings through the air - closing in on the victim - so it is fine in a Noirish traditional scarecrow, it is actually expected and it is contradicted when it happens - it is a dear convention, especially when accompanied by false flashes and intense Siouxie eye makeup - but in 'Descendants' it just comes across as clumsy or as if the editor was upset at the last minute and cut it out.) This could either have been a very tense psychological thriller - the series of palingenese / delusion / madness - or a simple (and fun) slasher film: it tries to be both, or neither (something new and exciting!), but on the one hand it does not fail. The only gravel element in this entire movie is that it is epic dullness. I think the editor (if there was one at all) should have been full when he cropped this thing up - there are scary shortened scenes; scenes that seemed to be out of order (but it might just have been the poor script). As an instructor and cinematographer - there were some very weird shots and framing that I thought was a tribute to Hitchcock or Browning, but just ended up looking stupid (again, fine in a noir, but it was trying to be something else. ) The whole thing may have been fun (the way previous reviewers have mentioned - "OMG, how was it done?!?") If I had been in the mood for some trash baggage, unfortunately for me I had been lying on the couch with the lights low, with the express intention of scaring myself silly - it's a very bad movie, and I'm afraid I can't recommend it to people, not even laughter. <br /> <br /> Don't waste your time or money on this - either borrow a real horror / thriller movie or find yourself a copy of Poe's amazing stories, have a much more enjoyable and scary night than you ever have could hope to achieve with this nonsense.
