Scary Movie 3 is not as fun as its predecessors, but it still has its fun moments. It all begins when roving reporter Cindy Campbell sets out to find a tough news story in the midst of television sweeps. She soon reveals a monstrous attack by bloody developments, including alien invaders, killed videotapes, freaky crop circles, and more. Contrary to massive proportions of conspiracy and a herd of very strange people following her, Cindy has to fight to stop hurting the world again. The reason is a non-problem here, as the first two were pretty much smaller. This time around, they focus on Characters, Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 km as well as many others, not as much as they previously mentioned. The first was {imo} one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The other was not so good, but still quite fun. The third is mildly enjoyable, but it is nothing special. Let's just say I didn't mind seeing it once, but I wouldn't see it again. The jokes are either hit or miss, and those who are funny usually involve Charlie Sheen. The lame usually involve Anthony Anderson as he is very overstated. Why he continues to throw is unclear because he is not fun. Anna Faris gives a fun performance, and she is also kind of undervalued. Simon Rex shows some potential as he was actually not so bad. Regina Hall also returns as Brenda, and she gives a beautiful fun performance. The rest of the casting was basically a bunch of cameos. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the funniest scene out of all cameos. Their in the opening sequence spoofing The Ring and the scene turns out to be on the more enjoyable in the movie. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also have cameos. David Zucker is conducting and while this is not another aircraft, it is not another Min Boss's Daughter either. It is pointless to really analyze a straightforward comedy as the most important thing people will know if it is fun or not. As I said before, if you like it, you probably won't really like it that much. Eventually I found it a little disappointing, as PG-13 rating kind of weakens it, but it can still be enjoyed. Rating 6.3 / 10
