I was initially abhorred by director Sun-Woo Jang because I felt he was cheating on me. Jang had the potential to create a strong, deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on humans, but instead chose to focus his strength on pornographic element more than the actual human element. I couldn't see the characters at the start, and his blunt introduction that blended both realism and cinema together was at best amateurish? But this movie remained in my mind for days after I saw it. What was with me was not the story, it was not the characters, nor was it the apparent pornographic nature of the movie, but the transition that Jang demonstrated between Y and J. If you watch this movie carefully, you will see both Beginning in an exploratory phase of their relationship, eager to jump into the unknown, but not quite sure about the next step. As they continue to meet, explore new avenues of joy, they jump continuously between the aggressor and the aggressive. Jang initially explores the idea that J is the one who controls the situation and then in the lead, the turn occurs when J becomes obsessed with Y. It is a very small change and because of the graphic content of this movie it can easily miss, but it is there. It seems clear at the end when J cannot live with Y as their meetings become less frequent and J tries to become part of the normal community. This was a great and very exciting feature of this movie to look right in front of your eyes, but unfortunately the only element of this movie was worth seeing. <br /> <br /> I want to ignore those who talk about this movie as nothing more than pornographic because there are human elements in the core of this movie, as underdeveloped as they are, they are there. It is a film about a facet of our lives that is very rarely explored in the cinema or talked about in the papers. What happens behind closed doors is never known ?? or we should believe. Although the action itself is repeated several times, director Jang tries to change it a bit with some constantly changing scenes. Our characters constantly move from hotel room to hotel room to best quench their thirst for each other's meat. It's fun at first, but again Jang's repeated stroke seems to make it feel dull than exciting. This leads me to the biggest problem I had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (beyond the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side) was that he took scenes, repeated them over and over without changing in front of us to allow us to come to the signs. Where was Jang with this movie? Would he have sex to tell the stories, or did he think the characters would? He failed in that sense because at the end of the film we know little about Y and J that we could take less care of how they solve themselves. The conclusion seems at best at random, as Jang is trying to create a final solution for our two absolute unknowns of this movie. I have to give Jang some credit to try, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that would create the personal element we lacked, but they just couldn't do well together. Ys brother and J's wife were these plot points, but again, because he focused so strongly on the sexual element, these stronger sub-stories became scary and lower right boring. Maybe it was just how I saw this movie, but outside the sexual scenes nothing else worked together. We didn't know anything about J and Y, so Gojitmal went wrong. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this movie could have benefited from having a strong score or a very distant music genre for it to bring us, the viewers, closer to the feelings felt by J and Y. From what i can remember and i try to push this movie far from my mind i can't remember any musical undertones. Gojitmal may have been a stronger movie, if Jang either stylized it with music or done something to draw to the character of our character. While I understand that he wanted to talk sexually for himself, there was only one technical element missing from this movie that might have turned a stronger desire for more. Technically, this was a bad movie. It was, of course, a self-contained film in nature that felt more like director Jang tried to make symbolic references out of nothing rather than your typical independent of this kind. I didn't see much of a social message or a human element as mentioned above, I just felt he threw this movie together in two weeks and realized that the sex would sell it enough. This was no Larry Clark production; This was sub-par and definitely needed some additional technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final edition! Overall, I think I could have liked this movie, and there were smaller items I liked, but I felt that this movie was hurried, repetitive, and played too much towards the taboos instead of breaking them . The obvious pitfalls of this movie can be seen by the last scene in this movie when we are used to how the title of this movie was perceived. Our character was unintentional, our story was underdeveloped, and we could have used something memorable to do what happened between Y and J for something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang tried too much to capture the art house meet pornographic ?? otherwise it failed. This was not a movie worth the time and work it took to do. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** out of *****
