POSSIBLE VERY MINOR SPOILERS <br /> <br /> This movie is billed as the first Russian horror movie. Unfortunately, as far as I'm concerned, "The Witch" (the Russian title) will take a place of disgrace in the gallery of terrible Russian films. It is based on Nikolai Gogol's story "Viy", a classic in Russia. "Based" is the keyword here, since no knowledge of history is needed. Instead the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> It is a unique production because we are very accustomed to leaders taking stories from other cultures and adapting them to their own culture. Spatter of American remakes of foreign films is an excellent example, but again Sturgess Kurosawa's Seven Samurai turned to The Magnificent Seven with amazing results, and Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare's Macbeth to Japan to create an incredibly powerful throne in the blood while King Lear became a raging Ran. But with "The Witch" we have Russians who transplant a Russian classic tale on the American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English with the purpose of copying it into English using American actors and having reasonably synchronous lip movements. <br /> <br /> As a natural consequence is lost the colorful Ukrainian background for history, in comes a killing American small town apparently lifted from some obsolete horror book manual. Gone is the boozy seminar Khoma Brutus, instead we have a blessed journalist who is winning the Pullitzer Prize while writing on X-Files-like events and frequent Miss Boob competitions. (I never thought the Pullitzer prize was given for that kind of writing, now I am humbly correct.) In a strange nod to Russian, the journalist is called Ivan Berkhoff. They should have named him John Smith because it is impossible to get more hackneyed, cliched and generic than this movie. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff goes to a town called Castleville, gets stranded on a dirt road, spells until he finds a fake house and is a bit unlucky with an old crone. All of the accompaniment of a radio announcement of the forces of evil is their most powerful, and people better stay indoors and avoid water. Should I mention that it is raining very hard? After a few scary scenes that made me laugh, the story finds our journalist dressed as a pastor, he fails a priest, and the local sheriff tells him his daughter who died after being brutally attacked, wanted the new priest to pray for her three nights. At this point, the action allegedly starts. Those who have time to kill are welcome to it. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything that starts with the dialogue and down to the plug department. The dialogue I heard in Russian was clearly originally written in English, and it was made solely by clichés and platitudes picked from American films. The actors just as clearly fought with English because the timing of their speech was worked and unnatural, and the Russian dubbing followed. The play is mostly scary, and not just because the actors often find it difficult to talk, but because they have nothing that approaches a number of facial expressions. For the most part, they are just empty or you want them to be. The only exceptions are the sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​a fine Estonian actor and Arnis Lizitis, who plays a wheelchair-bound resident of Castleville. Oh, and a rooster of course, that's quite natural on the camera! I know actors complain about being upstaged by dogs and cats, but when Nikolaev has risen from a rooster it is a boring testimony to the overall quality of acting in the movie. <br /> <br /> There wasn't a single scary moment in the whole movie, and there wasn't a single original moment in the movie. Remember, this comment comes from someone who is quite inexperienced with horror. The film is full of standard movements used in horror movies since the beginning of the genres. At a critical moment, the camera is lovingly leaning on a kerosene lamp. The lamp goes out immediately. It must also have seen a couple of horror films. An example of top idiocy comes another moment, a character jumping out of a bathtub and running by the camera. He has something like it! It will not be more idiotic than this! <br /> <br /> Those in Russia who liked it claim that it should have been announced as a mysterious thriller. Nor was I excited. It was run-of-the-mill from start to finish. I especially enjoyed the fact that the entire population of the small town behaved as if they knew they were living in a horror movie unless they were not quite sure whether it had zombies or not. Therefore, some of them acted like zombie-like just in case. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker says it's about finding faith. Such fine collections of idiotic actions, stupidly constructed moments and yes clichés do not deserve to be about finding faith. The film is so thorough and completely fake, it merely deserves to be an exhibition in a wax figure museum.
