What's up here? Let me tell you. It is the presence of (Alec Baldwin). He is not a great actor, but perhaps a great star with some good movies, as this is not one of them. He did nothing here more than anything he did before or after. So not to mention (literally!) Is the question of (Steve McQueen) being in the same role in the original because I do not want to make this comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan of (Kim Basinger), she has many bad movies on her and even at her best she sees the average! And it comes on my nerve actually when they talk about her seductive rare beauty !! ?? Well, if you become a blonde would make someone captivating, then I will color my hair in yellow as soon as possible! And what about all the madness of Miss Basinger's legs ?? !! Is it certainly madness or bad taste? As I don't see them both as not only sexy but also UGLY! And if you hate it, shoot me down, but you know what? I just watched this movie so I'm dead already! But what would make you really suffer unbearably is that none of the credits go to what she deserves the most? And of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we are talking about a genuine genuine seductive chick with such an unforgettable body and a unique sense of abstraction as a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe), however much more healthier !! (I can't help it, she was the only new and attentive thing in here!). (Michael Madsen) as the bad guy was very appealing and effective more than the good guys, (James Woods) is here to sum up the early events next to the pool (so the trailer would be by his voice later!) And he knew before all this is a whole Hollywood thing so "Do your stuff, take your money and good luck as an actor in other movies!", the editing gave the film a serious personality along with violent atmosphere performed by appropriately shiny filmography so the most important goods thereof (the action, the excitement, ..) are here and quite well-made, but something echoing for deep meanings about (kind of fraud), since the biggest dramatic motive of the whole matter is not so strong wait for it. Okay, that's all in all another remake without anything special (Except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!), So I think I was trying to be objective as much as I could, so I shouldn't finish my review and said ( Basinger) or anyone here made it better than this movie .. It would be an insult because honestly .. Everything is better than this movie!
