The famous film photographer Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) leads this rather bad horror / drama movie. 19th century England has a different perception of how medical practice should be handled than Dr. Thomas Rock, the law that only carcasses of suspended criminals can be studied and experimented. But the stocks of these bodies are small and Rock needs more - and he prefers them fresher. Being a maverick within his circle, he begins to pay people to find organs for him to study and test on. Desperate sleazebags Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom win this job opportunity and start killing people and selling these bodies to Rock. Of course, this kind of action has even worse consequences than practicing on non-criminal death bodies, and it causes problems for everyone. While the overall story sounds exciting on paper, almost everything about The Doctor and the Devils is scary bad. After the first fifteen minutes of the movie, you are already beginning to question your decision to sit down to watch the movie. The whole look of the movie is just ugly. When the film takes place in the slums of England in the 19th century, the film powers went enough for an "ugly" look, but they do not artificially. Everything from set to movie looks just cheap, weak and disgusting. Also, almost everything is filled with something that you simply cannot take seriously, and most of the time it has to do with someone (both in small and large roles) doing something that looks or sounds ridiculous. Francis has certainly not helped his actors much. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the winding friends of the movie, Fallon and Broom, respectively, and are very bombastic, but very poor. Of course, their characters are insane, but Pryce and Rea take over the parts for death. They especially have trouble keeping the same accent from shots to shots - especially Pryce goes from Cockney to Irish to Long John Silver to some kind of lagoon creature and so on and so on. It's also a mood boost to see Twiggy in this movie at all, let alone playing a demand street cock, as she can't act to save her life (though the song during the final credits isn't that fun). Boy, she probably came a long way from "flower power" to "I take on clothes for shillin"! "As bad as the three actors are in this movie, Julian Sand's home takes the price of the worst performance of the movie. He is as poor as it gets and gives a ridiculously high attempt to the other to portray anger, love, happiness , anxiety - choose a feeling, every feeling! <br /> <br /> There is only one good thing about The Doctor and the Devils: Timothy Dalton's performance by Dr. Rock, despite being surrounded by biographical wastewater, Dalton quite excellent, giving an electric depiction of an exaggerated yet good natured man, too bad the rest of the movie could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton ....
