Drawing limitation 9. dir: Matthew Barney. <br /> <br /> How do you know when you're in the middle of a pretentious movie? Is it that there are only 8 lines of dialogue in 140 minutes of movies? Is it when Bjork has what looks like a giant furry pita on her head in a pseudo-Asian ritual? Maybe when mammoths and spinal columns are used in a whale blubber experiment. Or when you're ready to kill the composer to make a minimal and still annoying version of a Philip Glass score? In any case, Drawing Restraint 9 is among the most pretentious of the modern art films. At 135 minutes, it adds to its pretension by being boring to start. I would call the use of color anesthesia, and the opening sequence interesting, but the rest of the movie looked like it was filmed for a Discovery Channel documentary. That's until it seems they were trying to film their version of P-ss Christ, but it later comes up. <br /> <br /> In fact, documentary-esquire portions were the best parts of it. The surface is about a whaling ship, and then there is a ritual about whale fat. Then, the guests are in the form of Bjork and Matthew Barney, who are welcome on the ship being pervaded by humility, which includes cut head scab (think frat boy boys pranks), nicotine spots and giant furry pita hats. Then there is mutual unfolding, cannibalism, and lets not forget the gigantic turd. Matthew Barney has written that this is about "the relationship between self-imposed resistance and creativity." It's almost like saying, "If you don't, then you're not creative in your interpretation, so soft because I'm an artist." Oh, wait, it's the POST-modern interpretation of that sentence, and what the movie would be about if it were POST-modern. But it should be modern art. It is about the art itself. <br /> <br /> So let's start this whole bit of interpretation, should we? The following lines are only 3/4 serious and should not be taken as a realistic attempt to interpret the movie. <br /> <br /> For the first half hour, the bead divers and the construction of a huge ramp concern. Clearly, the ramp is symbolic of the need for self-enlightenment for the standards you hold dear, and the pearl divers are looking for the beads of wisdom. Then, on a whaling ship, they build a box that looks like it is in the green form of a whale. Of course, a raw element of foreshadowing. On the ship they make whale fat within the whale's shape and go out with the fins. They replace this with a spine and later a huge spell. These must be the states of the film itself. When it's greasy, it's entertaining, but bad for you. When it is the spine, it is the "important" parts of the movie or backbone so to speak. Then the gigantic turd movie is, or when the movie is crap. Bjork and Matthew Barney arrive on separate ships, put in strange humiliating clothes that are NOT well made OR SYMMETRIC, a suspicion that they ran out of money and Barney tried to quit smoking. Then they put stains on their heads. They go through a ritual and learn about the ship from a Japanese sage who tells them that the ship is nice when another ship hit it; a breakdown or cross if you want. This inspires Bjork and Barney, who are different on the outside, to start cutting each other's legs and eating them so that they can themselves become whales and be the same person. They cut each other. Oh, did I forget to mention that this happened in a Robbie Williams video? Then the pearl divers come back with their mouths full of gems of knowledge, which they let fall to make a stupid Venn chart. Barney did it through 8th grade geometry, of course. Or maybe at least some community studies. <br /> <br /> Did I forget Bjorks ear-piercing I-will kill her score? At times it is hypnotic, but in others you will just murder her. Art film is one thing, but when you just throw any kind of symbolism in the hope of getting a reaction out of people, it becomes a self-destructive joke. When do you cross the line between becoming a joke for art? Dali and Bunuel often made surreal nonsense pieces, but were more cohesive and / or entertaining than this piece of waste. Un Chien Andalou had the feeling of getting as much symbolism as it could in less than half an hour. So can I recommend it? Only if you like boring HIGH ART movies with lots of symbolism and flat image. <br /> <br /> D +
