I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after sitting through last night in a college movie house I couldn't help thinking ... when should it end? A very long and ponderous two hours and fifteen minutes. I had only seen part of the Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect. That said, experimental films like this are more digested in small steps. There are a few beautiful / horrible pictures ... including the title sequence (no fun), but if you go into this expect any kind of plot or meaning, then you're in for a long snooze-inducing trip. I managed to keep myself awake for the whole thing (if it is a compliment) but more often than not, I was waiting for some kind of meaning or story ... big mistake. Among the pictures is a very ornate gift wrapping ceremony, the creation of a disgusting bowl of what appears to be petroleum jars formed with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with shrimp (this is served to the crew of the ship shown throughout the movie) great blubber cheesecake with a large tentacle dryer located in the middle of it and the reciprocal removal of Bjork and director Matthew Barney, who eventually culminates in some bizarre kind of community, followed by their transformation into whale creatures. The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even madman. At one time there is a song sung by Bjork to go along with the ephemeral rituals that are played before us, and at other times there is only a constant drone of a high instrument that we see a mysterious woman playing on the beginning and end of the movie. If it sounds like it doesn't make sense, it's because it's not! If it sounds like your cup of tea, then you will absolutely love it! If it sounds like something that you probably won't like, then stay far away from it, for you will most likely go out of the theater during the halfway mark as more people on the screen I participated in. This is the very definition of a art films. You get from what you take from it. But otherwise there really isn't much there, except for a few oddities and constant construction and deconstruction rituals. I'm glad there is room for movies like this, but I can't say I would like to sit through it again. However, I cannot say that I will not see one of Barney Cremaster's films from start to finish and compare it to this one. I think maybe now that I know what to expect, I might like something more here. To give you an idea of ​​what kind of understanding this movie has, I would have liked it better if I had become the stone. So again, it could have felt twice as long as it was, and it would really have been staggering. Definitely not for everyone.
