Winter Kills is a horrible, incoherent and very disappointing conspiracy comedy thriller from well-known director William Richert. As I watched the film, I honestly felt like I was the emperor of the classic fable The Emperor's New Clothes. The movie made me feel a fool because I couldn't make the head or tail of the serpentine plot and the obscene characters. But I felt so embarrassed to admit that the film ties my brain into knots. So I glued it to the end and hoped that the whole collapsed root would loosen itself. Then I realized .... the movie is SUPPOSED to be the snake, obscene and illogical, for that is the whole point. This is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theorists, with the knots of the plot being used as a metaphor for knotting truths, half truths, and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I got it, after all, it was, of course, that winter kills were a pretty horrible movie. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of a former US president murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims he has shot the president and provides detailed information on where he hid the gun. Nick follows the tracks, but every step in the way people help him seems to die in mysterious circumstances. Also, his father, Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgusting wealthy businessman, disrupts Nick's investigation. The deeper he kills into the murder, the more Nick realizes he is coming into a web of complex lies and red herring, where nothing is as it seems and no one can trust. <br /> <br /> The movie is a complete nightmare to follow, and in many ways it is not worth trying to follow the aforementioned reason that it intentionally confronts. The cast is filled with extraordinary talent, but most are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most meaningless comoros in film history; Elizabeth Taylor does not seem to be approved and does not have a single dialogue line; Richard Boone is given what seems to be an interesting role, but his character does not go anywhere. John Huston has the best role as the powerful patriarch and gives us the film's few enjoyable moments with his agrarian delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets a creepy role and manages it well, even though his screen time is far too short to make perfect rights to the character. Some nudity and sex scenes are thrown without reason and, although they are quite graphic and can appeal to voyeurs, they really belong to another movie. The film's semi-comic climax is farcical and disappointing, but paradoxically, it is memorable in its weird little way. Of course there is a cool audience out there somewhere for Winter Kills .... but I don't count myself among his number.
