Spoiler below, but read on, or you will never know the terrible fate that awaits all plans to rent "Rodentz". <br /> <br /> On a moonlight night, in a remote research lab, it's about a big medical breakthrough having fatal results. A chemical compound created to "hunt and destroy" lethal cancer cells has leaked from hazardous waste management system into the building's basement. Now, the rodents involved in laboratory experiments on top are not the only rats in the plant that will be the altered species. Professor Schultz, a leading bioscientist, has just stated that the addition of a new enzyme now enables his "hunting and destroying" formulation to regenerate for the time needed to neutralize lethal cancer tumors. When three different degrees of the new mixture are administered to three different rats and the rest is poured into the failed "Waste Hazard" sink, shocking side effects result in a night of terror ..... right ..... <br /> <br /> Seriously, this is probably the worst movie I've seen this year. Everything about it screams "Low Budget!" From the horrible act to the special effects that are some of the worst I have ever seen. The characters are cliché demons and act in stupid, predictable ways: Go alone in dark times, look for a cat, stumble and fall, so that the "rats" can get into them, get into a small room, etc. /> While some movies are made cheaply, this movie really takes the cake. Everything possible corner is cut, ranging from reusing previous shots, filming "lab" times from different angles to make it look bigger (it reminds me - why were there only two guys in this freakin 'massive building ?! ?!?!?), for music and special effects that could be done on a children's workshop PC. <br /> <br /> This brings me to the worst aspect of this steaming pile of fertilizer - the special effects. Just awful. The computer-generated rats look so fake and stand out in every scene, so even the stupid filmmakers can see that they are computer-generated. And the gigantic rat suit - OH MY GOOD !!!!!!!! Seriously do we have to believe that it is a monster that is freaking? Just pitiful ........ On the better side, some of the gurus look pretty cool, especially considering the budget. <br /> <br /> The actors suck everyone. no one involved in the production cared or knew what they were doing. I've wasted enough time with the review, just take my advice, it's garbage. 10.1. About the DVD: The download sucks, the sound is passable, and there is a commentary track on the disc by the director and two of his friends who say they had nothing to do with the film, but were there to ask questions and comment. All three of these sub-human primordial mucus are so incredibly stupid that they must be institutionalized before they can harm themselves or others. I will not waste any more of you kind reader's time or mine, because I start to remember more than I want about this movie ..... DVD rating: 1/10.
