Altered Species starts a Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his lab assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) burn midnight oil as they continue to try and perfect a revolutionary new drug called 'Rejenacyn'. As Walter tips for the latest failed attempt in the sink, the pipes leak the flourishing green liquid into the basement, where escaped lab rats begin to drink it ... Five of Walters friends, Alicia (Leah Rown in a very downloaded outfit with some great boots where she is going to bump into a rat with), Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide he has worked too hard and needs to come out so they plan to pick him up and party the night away. Back at the lab and the cleaner Douglas (Robert Broughton) has been attacked and killed by the now homicidal rats in the basement, as Walter injects the latest series of serum in a lab rat that breaks out of that cage as it grows at a fantastic rate . Walters friends turn up, but he can't leave while the rat is still missing, so everyone helps him look for it. All six become potential rat foods ... Also known as Rodentz Altered Species was co-edited and directed by Miles Feldman & has very little to recommend it. The writer of producer Serge Rodnunsky is poor and linked to the general foaminess of production as a whole. Changed species are really paralyzed. To begin with, the character is stupid, annoying and clichéd. Then there is the unoriginal plot with the crazy scientist, the monster he has created, the isolated location, the stranded human caste and the mandatory final showdown between the hero and the monster. It's here somewhere. Altered Species move together at a fair pace, which is almost the best I can say about it and fortunately doesn't last long. It is basically your average killer mutant rat film and not very good in it. <br /> <br /> Director Feldman film as a television movie and all is consistently gentle and forgettable while some of the special effects and attack scenes leave much to be desired. For a start, the CGI rats are horrible, the attack sequences have handheld jerky motion in the camera and really quick edits to try and hide the fact that all the rats are just passively sitting there. At various points in the Altered Species, the rat cages must shake because of the rat movement, but you can clearly see all the rats that are just sitting there as someone shakes the cages from the screen. The gigantic rat monster at the end looks rather poor, as it is just a guy in a risky suit. There are no scares, no voltage or atmosphere and since when did cellars contain bright neon lighting? There is one or two fine pieces of gore here, a person has a nice big rootless hole, where their face used to be, there is a cut arm and beheading, lots of rat bites, a person with their eye hole smoothed and a dead, mutilated cat. <Br /> <br /> Technically modified species are understand everywhere. It takes place within the framework of a building, has cheap-looking CGI effects and low production values. The action is not too much, but it is not that bad and a special mention to Leah Rowan as Alicia, as she is a bit of a child and makes Altered Species just as nicer and easier to see ... <br /> <br /> Altered Species is not a particularly good movie, it is actually quite bad, but I suppose you could do worse. Not good, but it may be worth seeing if you are not too demanding and have nothing else to do.
