Nell Shipman must have been paid a large sum of money to promote Maxwell's car's off-road capabilities. The movie is quite simple, Nell plays a writer who has a bad case of the author's block, and needs inspiration so she goes to Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There she meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who chooses to drive instead of riding a horse. While Nell visits her father's collaborator in his mining, a gang of local bandits kidnap her and lead her to the camp deep in the desert. The hero must quickly come to her, so he decides to drive there in his car. This is where the film takes a strange twist. Bert continues to drive over all terrain, imaginable, large rocks, small streams, heavy brush, scraggly tree stumps, steep slopes, etc. For most of the film we see this car struggling to climb over obstacles. Remember now, it's not a modern ATV, it's a 1920 Maxwell car, so it looks a lot out of place as an off-road vehicle. And it obviously has limitations on some of the terrain, the encounter we get to see it more than once in this movie. But the filmmakers made an effort to show it to beat the odds and eventually pass all the obstacles. When the hero comes to the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps in the car with her and drives off with the bandits in pursuit (for horseback), and at this point it became hysterical fun for me. When you see this car slowly rolling over large rocks, stuck to gravel and mountain brush, going back and forth to get enough momentum to pass over fallen wood bodies, the bandits should have had ample time to catch up. But they never do it, even though we have to believe that this desert is going on all night. And in a stupid climax, climb the car up the hillside and help Nell and the hero push a large block down the side to crush the previous bandits. <br /> <br /> Having watched this movie, you'd think the army would invest in 1920 Maxwell cars because they clearly have better off-road capabilities than lobsters and Bradley tanks combined. Watch this movie just for laughs, it's worth just seeing that Nell cuddles up to the car grill and says "You did your best, brave little car"
