to be a cinematic audience - I'm certainly stunned by the number of positive comments this miserable movie has brought here. I can't credit it, can't help but be suspicious, for that matter, to return to critics who exploit Annette Bening for an Oscar; The hole in the kitchen ceiling can be more appropriately attributed to her nature chewing. She is a wonderful actress, but unfortunately, this is an unbalanced performance, and lacks the need for essential quality film actors to master the cadence of the play and maintain it during the inconsistent madness of a shooting. <br /> <br /> I don't really want to blame Miss Bening or most other performing artists (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her muzzy work), but because it's a horrible adaptation, a classic case of mistranslation (I'm ready to assume. I haven't read the book and don't think I will after that). The manuscript launches us in the middle / confusion of unaccountable behavior and extreme emotional anxiety spear from mystifying signs that have developed relationships neither with us nor with each other. It quickly becomes a grotesquely exaggerated tsunami-like attack that sullies both the characters and the audience and left me as a survivor shaking my head on the detritus left at the end of each repeated episode. Shock and awe would describe my reaction to shady, bi-polar mood swings between ranting and unobtrusively silent sensitivity, the latter telegraphed by one of the most annoying, manipulative, droning soundtracks I've heard - that is, when all this is not set to ridiculously scary toons - period things you know, but chosen with an astonishing disregard for the tone of scenes. How this fine cast was mixed in this I don't know - I can't believe they saw the manuscript before signing. They apply their skill with dedication - I felt so sad the wonderful Jill Clayburgh sat with a cartoon bag lady costume and wig trying in vain to shift something of importance from the sketchy and clichéd dialogue. In contrast, Alec Baldwin rises over the material to deliver a consistent, nuanced, real performance. Can anyone give this man a major role in substance, please? And what about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? You would think the industry could make better use of it and without appearing as hirsute as Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My vote? A standup turd, okay, but no link to heaven.
