When attempting to murder the Emir of Ohtar, an Arab potentate visiting Washington, D.C., his life is rescued by a cocktail waitress named Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity, and as a reward is offered a job working for the protocol department of the US Department of State. Unknown to her are the officials of the department offering her job a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> A map we see shows Ohtar located on the border with Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in an area of ​​barren desert known as Rub al-Khali or Empty Quarter. In fact, in this place, a state would have a population of almost zero and almost zero strategic value, but we must accept in the purpose of the film that Ohtar is of tremendous strategic importance in the Cold War and that the US Government who is anxious After building a military base there, do everything they can to stay on the good side of their ruler. It turns out that Emir has had a fancy to the attractive young woman who rescued him, and he has entered into an agreement with the state. they can have their base provided he can have Sunny as the latest addition to his harem. Sunny's new job is just a ruse to ensure that Emir has more opportunities to meet her. <br /> <br /> A plot like this could have been the cause of some hilarious satire, but actually the satirical content of the movie is rather toned down. Possibly in 1984, the American public was not in the mood for trenchant satire on their country's foreign policy; It was the year when Ronald Reagan carried forty-nine out of fifty states in the presidential election, and his tough line with the Soviet Union clearly went down with the voters. (If the film had been made a few years later, in the wake of the Iran / Contra case, the tone could be different). <br /> <br /> The movie is not so much a satire as a vehicle for Goldie Hawn to show off her brand of cuteness and charm. Sunny is a typical Goldie character - beautiful, sweet-hearted, naive and not too light. However, there is a limit to how far you can go with beauty and charm alone, and you cannot automatically make a bad movie a good one, just by making the leading character a stupid blonde. (In fact, it sounds more like a recipe for making a good movie a bad one). Goldie tries his best to save this, but never succeeds. Part of the reason is the inconsistent way in which her character is depicted. On the one hand, Sunny is a sweet, innocent girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman who works in a blurred bar and wears a revealing costume. The effect is rather like imagining Rebecca from Sunnybrook Farm adult and working as a rabbit girl. The more important reason why Goldie cannot save this movie is even the best comedian or comedienne who is no better than his / her material and "protocol" is simply unfunny. Whatever humor exists, is tired and strained, depending on offensive stereotypes about Arab men, who seem to all desire western women, especially if they are blonde and blue-eyed. In the mid-eighties there was a lot of this kind of thing, as it was also the period that also saw the horrible Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski movie "Harem" about a vast Middle Eastern ruler kidnapping a young American woman and mini- the series with the same name that told an almost identical story with a period setting. The filmmakers seem to have realized that their movie would not act as a pure comedy, for in the end it becomes a kind of the latter "Mr Smith Goes to Washington". Sunny turns from a blonde bimbo to a number of political wisdom and begins to pronounce all kinds of platitudes about democracy and the constitution and the citizen's duty to vote and we the people and how the price of freedom is eternal vigilance blah blah blah ???? But in reality the film is no more successful as a political parable than it is like a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn has made a number of great comedies, such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "" Houseitter ", but" Protocol "is not one of them. movie, but of those I've seen, this grim comedy is by far the worst.
