This film wants to elaborate that criminals are a product of modern society. Therefore, thieves, rapes and killers (Killer of this movie, Carl Panzram (James Woods), all three and worse) can be held fully responsible for their deeds? An interesting concept, but very difficult to bring to the screen in an intellectually and emotionally satisfying manner. And this is where Killer: A Journal of Murder falls very short. Although the film tries to put Panzram's behavior in perspective, with flashbacks to his violent youth and dysfunctional upbringing, the viewer never gets the idea that Panzram is a victim rather than a sinner. Sure the system is corrupt, where a mobster occupies the entire Leavenworth prison (where most of the movie takes place), most prison guards are sadistic bullies and the prison director is something like a megalomaniacal despot. But why in the world does the new prison guard, Henry Lesser (Robert Sean Leonard), take such suffering on Panzram? Even after reading his gruesome diaries? The film gives some explanations: Smaller witnesses Panzram is struck by the most sadistic (and stereotypical) guard and is impressed by Panzram's intelligence (although it is not clear why Precise Lesser believes this man is so smart). It is probably not enough to sympathize with a hostile man like Panzram, although this film tends to break down its crimes and highlight his personality? Against less, Panzram is quite loyal, and the viewer gets the impression that for Lesser it is bigger than all the atrocities he has read about in Panzram's diaries. Does this Master Lesser have so many friends that he takes on face value anyone who only seems to be extremely kind to him? Perhaps it is Lesser who is a product of modern society that judges appearance rather than fabric. <br /> <br /> I can advise Monster starring Charlize Theron and Christina Ricci as a movie that deals with roughly the same themes with far more integrity and scope. <br /> <br /> BTW: Killer looks like shot to TV (not so good)
