Look, I read and read these comments, and there is a lot of what I want to say, but I will try to make it short but clean ... First of all, we can forget all the things that badly this movie was made ... How it did not show any notorious, and I agree with most here and say it was "Hollywood," I mean, what do you expect a reality story? When will people wake up and see that you will never find the real truth about 2pac and Biggie ... Its all covered up and buried deep down. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I'm not against either 2pac or Biggie I love them both, but 2pac and Lil Kim DID are bothered in this movie for sure ... Next, for all ya who say the movie is great and can not see the truth, whether you are too blind to see it because you think you know something about BIG, or you do not know anything about him and you love this Hollywood teen movie. Use your mind and see for yourself the clouds ... There is a lot of what you can say when it comes to this topic, I did not say 60% of what I have to say because it is a very broad subject but for the movie You can only say that it could have been a little, I mean a much better finish. But anyway, I'm just a person who gives his opinion .... No hard feelings ... Look, I love hip hop and I live for it, but having seen this movie every person with a little intelligence could see that This is not how anyone supposes to live. With everyone respecting 2pac and BIG, just like any other artist living as such must turn the other side because you are destroying the youth .... Bringing the wrong message to the kids and it is: not going to school but live off the streets, hustling and just grabbing the paper. <br /> <br /> True hip hop is supposed to be about love and intelligence, being smart and everyone. <br /> OK I know many of you will think I'm crazy, but that's just my point of view. Look I might be wrong on something and I'm not saying this is a really bad movie because even though I'm in hip hop for 17, 18, I still don't know anything about 2pac or Biggie, no matter how many articles I read or how much I support them and listen to their music ... Like most of you all out there. Only people who were very close to them and the murderers know the truth behind all this. <br /> <br /> Finally, I just want to say to all of you Biggie and Tupac fans and family, these two men were and will be the greatest of all times, no matter how they lived their lives, but PLEASE IN THE FUTURE TRY TO BE BETTER, LEARN AND LOVE OR OTHER, SPEAK GOOD EVEN FOR YOU, NOT LIKE YOU, CURRENTLY IN THE END. . IS NOT ABOUT how much money or FAME you can get and how fast you can get to the top, it's about living your self to the fullest and feeding your soul, body and memory ... because you manage to do it YOU LIVE A LIFE THROUGH THE DEATH !!!! PEACE AND LOVE TO YA ALL !!!! RIP BIGGIE, 2PAC, AALIYAH, LEFT EYE, JAM MASTER JAY AND OTHERS THAT MAKE A CHANGE IN THIS WORLD !!!!
