Using tons of stock footage, not only from the Trader Horn, but also the first two movies in the series (for example, the alligator battle was used last time), this is one of the weakest movies in the MGM series. It's a big disappointment after the classic Tarzan and Hans Mate, who may be the best movie in the series. The plot has Jane's cousins ​​coming into the jungle to tell her that she has inherited a fortune if she comes back to claim it. They are somewhat in bondage, as the relative who left her the money cut them out of the will. Rent a big white hunter who secretly wants to catch Tarzan and sell him, the couple leads into the jungle, where they run into the usual jungle problems (more because of the stockpile). After many conversations, Jane decides to go back to civilization, and we get long sequences of Tarzan and Jame who make kissy face. Finally, in the last half hour, the plot is going to catch Tarzan set in motion, and things eventually become interesting as the plans go wrong and things look very gloomy to all concerned. Painful blunt film is a clear sign of a restless production. The movie appears to have been collected from several different films with the first half hour as an almost exact repetition of the previous film. The middle third shows signs of having to stretch things out and having plot lines that eventually went nowhere. The final third, where Tarzan is caught and the party is in danger, is supposed to finally come to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence that caused much of the need to resume filming). For me, it is a strange wonder how the series continued from here since this film is not very good (except at the end). I would be very pressured to explain it, unless I was to say it was the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan like Tarzan and Jane who kept people back. It is a beautifully groomed pairing and is truly one of the screen's beautiful couples. (I should also mention that this is supposed to make the movie less real and more amazing with the appearance of the Tarzan tree house.) I really do not like the first hour or so of this movie a lot and think it is a a great waste of time and energy. If you can get to the end, I recommend giving the film a try. Otherwise I would just skip the whole movie and move on to the next movie in the series.
