In the small American town of Meadowvale Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, IMDb listing for this character is wrong, it is certainly Dr. Blake not Dr. Blakely) director and founder of the famous 'Psychological Research Institute' and also the host's local television program called 'Independent Thinkers'. He uses this T.V. show to hypnotize the viewers and make them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has helped a big brain with an evil face that uses the spinal cord as a tail throat. Usually, the brain sits just in a tank, eats mice and the odd bad actor every time it eats someone becomes much bigger. Meanwhile, the local high school gifted but cumbersome teenager Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) has caught Sodium down the toilets. Jim sent to Dr. Blake on PRI for help with his attitude and behavioral problems. While blocking Dr. Blake Jim up, well something, I'm actually not sure what. Whatever it is, is linked to the brain. In the beginning, Jim is able to withstand the brain's mind control. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to himself and it's plans. Once out of PRI Jim begins to have bizarre hallucinations and crashes his car. Jim makes it his waitress's girlfriend Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but immediately gets back from Dr. Blake's assistant Verna (George Buza) by Officer Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one able to resist his mind control techniques, and with "Independent Thinkers" going national, the brain will have nothing or anyone to stop the evil plan of world domination! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the entire city and he alone must stop the brain before it takes over the world! <br /> <br /> Directed by Ed Hunt, calling himself Edward Hunt here, the brain wasn't as bad as I thought it should be. Don't make me wrong, because it's not good either. The script by Barry Pearson is attempting a staff of satire with brain wash and mind control of T.V. storyline. It moves at a reasonable pace and is not too boring. No explanation is given on the existence of the brain, it is just there, and that is what we must accept it. The story is a bit choppy and never explores a single element that is the TV mind control, the brain itself, Jim is being chased by the police and his misconduct and various other small pieces here and there, including a bizarre revelation about Dr. Blake not explained at all. Production wise this movie looks cheap and it was probably cheap. The action is not amazing, but I've seen worse, and what does David Gale do in this? In fact, this role corresponds to Gale's role in Re-Animator (1985), even down to his character's death in both films. The brain at the start is in a tank and starts to grow when it eats someone, and ultimately it is quite large. Each step is made only of rubber. It does not look very good and is not scary or scary, just cheap. There is no blood or do it except for a blink and you will miss the beheading. The necessity is provided by Dr. Blake's assistant Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before being eaten. The brain had some entertainment value to me, but I would think most people would not like it. Maybe worth a look if you can see it on T.V. free of charge.
