The version of this movie, I saw, is titled 'Horror Rises from the Tomb'. That horror is an evil medieval magician played by Spanish horror legend Paul Naschy, who looks like he plays Abanazer in a church hall panto. He rises from his grave when a stupid descendant (I think he is a descendant when he is also played by Naschy) returns to his ancestral home and reunites the magician's head and body, which had been separated by the witch-men who executed him in an attempt to stop him from rising from the grave. Of course, when the head and body are together again, the hell goes loose and many people die. Like all good magicians, Abanazer has a wonderful assistant here. This is played by another Spanish scary big, the beautiful Helga Line. Like almost all other women in the movie Line, she gets the chamber from time to time. There is plenty of nudity in this movie, and not just woman - we even see Naschy's hugging body, which is not a beautiful sight I can tell you. Most of the film's sex angle is ridiculously free. There is a particularly fun scene where Naschy and Line discuss their evil plans and then suddenly decide that both have a prisoner of the nubile young blonde they have had. <br /> <br /> It's also pretty gory in places - especially a Herschell Gordon Lewis esquire moment, when Line pours his hands into a man's chest to remove his heart. <br /> <br /> The best part of the movie is the very effective zombies that face the end. They are quickly frightened by a fire though, and do not bother to come back. It's a shame. The scene where the zombies rise, however, is the film's most ridiculously eerie moment. It all happens in long shots, and we don't really have a clue what happens before we see some characters playing at the distance. There are several sweet moments like this, thanks to the poor editing. When a worker falls under the hypnotic spelling of Naschy's head, there is a large close-up of his face that seems to last forever and serves no purpose whatsoever. All in all, not a big scary movie, but entertaining enough. Of course, the version I saw was a dubbed American version that was probably cut to pieces. For all I know, the original Spanish version could be a masterpiece ...
