Rumor is true: girls like COYOTE UGLY more than guys. And the reasons are obvious as soon as the plot is given. Jersey girl goes to New York to become a songwriter. And after the first frustration of having any luck, some girls partying about $ 300 each hear last night. She gets an audition at the bar, they work on and surprise! The place is full of "two-year-olds" bursting at the sight of babes dancing. The story is not bad, and some characters are sympathetic, especially Cammie (the "fashion coordinator" section was cute) and bouncer but let's see it, the drama was terrible and quite ridiculous from the start. Violet and her father looked too ridiculous while they were related throughout the movie. And also check out Violet on the keyboard with the pause dancer! <br /> <br /> For the first time I could think about how could production be so horrible? In a brief moment with this movie, Hollywood could stand on its two feet and show a new coat without any major public war without saying, "You were warned!" Instead, it seems that COYOTE UGLY has a purposeful intention to try to kiss all the big backs in the world. Advertising babes in a bar, but showing a paper thin "pursue your dream" story disappointed every male teenager you targeted! <br /> <br /> And finally, the music. There was absolutely no break in music I found in this movie, especially when needed (the hospital scene). Each scene felt that some short music videos you would want to stop until the line opened. But the climax was an ultimately weaker one: an 80s as a song you would expect Cyndi Lauper to jump on stage and jam with violet. Hi, I personally thought that Bon Jovi should jump out with the long hair and jam! <br /> <br /> Other than some really smart cameras working with coyote girls when they dance (especially the wet scene) and a couple of cute cliches, COYOTE UGLY is something to be scary about. Whether you looked at or made it, it looked like nothing but time was killing. Or waste depending on how you look at it.
