To say that Thunderbirds is a horrid, forced, in your face, ugly look, uncomfortable to listen to and painful to watch movies would not say enough. There are only two reasons to think about why you want to watch this movie: 1; You've seen Thunderbirds when you were young (as I did) and are curious about how it is, but you really just want to see how much they've turned up. Or 2; You see it in a person under the age of ten. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds are able to throw up everything it tries. The list goes on and on, but there are other more subtle humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From the off, Thunderbirds are wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral message and 'goal' is set in a tireless way: Jeff Tracy (a new one for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son Alan that he has not yet proved to be a Thunderbird after Alan randomly and stupidly decided to go down in Tracy Island is inside to shoot Thunderbird One up. The whole movie is then a series of events and fires consisting of Alan trying to prove himself while his father and other brothers are trapped in the space aboard the Thunderbird five. The movie relies on kid actors to wear the movie: A 16-year-old Alan Tracy (Corbet), a 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and a 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton) who is the Brains son. Saying to see the "adventures" they face is painful is an understatement. Often trying to act and exploit the manuscript while fighting the evil 'Hood' (Kingsley) in ridiculously scary and hammy ways acts as entertainment for the movie's duration; It only differs when everyone is in a different location. Also the whole 'mind control' was very tiring and thoroughly drank the movie when it was overused and offered a way for our heroes to see a weakness in The Hood ?? forced and random. <br /> <br /> I know that most "children's movies" these days are trying to integrate some kind of material into adults, but in Thunderbirds it's done in a way that fetishes Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope, and I think it's no coincidence she's a little older than the rest of the kids ?? at age 24 it is almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often highly charged and carry an erotic push. We see her in the bath, bubble up to her throat and watch TV in her butler and sneak a peek as she seductively changes channels with her wet, bare and bubble-covered foot. Frequent shots of his massive, pink, high-heeled shoes that fill the screen during various scenes: This only happens when she is actually tied up with the other that happens during a knot with another woman! Twinned with this, her bright pink costumes revealing just enough, but covering just enough is extremely excellent, as is the way she moves and talks to the posh, dominant English accent; It sounds like a forthcoming mistress (Well, she's LADY Penelope after all, and you'd better make her call it). It's all ridiculous, but editing is so fast that kids won't notice, but it's safe as hell is there. The actual plot of The Hood does all he does to rob a few banks, is very bizarre, the characters who are his bodyguards: a nerd-wiping woman and a hard body-black black man who gets agitated a lot. Should we laugh at this? What about the battle scenes? Bad choreographed stunts and what the hell were the stupid sounds? It is quite, quite ridiculous. The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton plays everything so seriously as he was told they did it in a way, but it was done another, the way the Ford engine company has their logo knocked over the whole place. News Bulletin: sponsored by Ford, the camera even moves to approve Ford several times when cars are in the shot, how does CGI look like something out of a video game video clip? It's annoying. In fact, we were asked to believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the frosty Thames, against the present, save a downward monorail (monorail over Thames!?), Come back to the hatch and thus; save the day all the time keeping your breath. It's absolute bull and the creators know it ?? I don't even know if a 10 year old would swallow it. <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds are infuriating, unfunny, bad scripted and even Rolls Royce was taken out and replaced by a flying car ?? everything that could go wrong went wrong.
