The original Thunderbirds earned a place in television history. It was and still very much loved - the whole of the first 10 minutes of Wallace and the Gromit movie (Wererabbit) is a direct boost of Thunderbirds, down to a direct reproduction of the original Thunderbird 2 launch sequence (if you don't believe me, download the movie and retrieve a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 is launched). <br /> <br /> This movie was a crass attempt to make a children's movie - as the original was loved and enjoyed by both children and adults! In the original, Thunderbirds spent all their time saving people who were often caught, as Mother Nature or Technology went horribly wrong (yes, there were occasional criminal acts). Thunderbirds put their own lives and resources at risk for no reward - the very essence of heroism and selflessness. There was little physical violence. Thunderbirds challenged your imagination to some extent - how many of us would dream of one day building a Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do this - many Japanese attribute their fascination with humanoid robots to the old Astroboy cartoon. <br /> <br /> But this movie was a bad image of the original. This movie came across as one reported between Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean we have Anthony Edwards as the brain mimics Porky Pig's stuttering ????? Much of the action consists of Kung Fu / Power Rangers type matches. In fact, there were fun sound effects when someone was nailed upside down with a frying pan. The technology that fired our imagination was absent - instead we have these kids running around using a plot unit that was never in the original series (with the whole team going to leave the base obsessed with the kids and the brain). Then there was a dose of "Use The Force Luke" mystery thrown in as TinTin would live something with The Hood using aerodynamics that looked like they were lifted from "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon ". About the only thing missing was for The Hood to go "TinTin, I am your uncle" with a breathing mask voice. The heart that made Thunderbird's unique was GONE. <br /> <br /> The only bright point was Ron Cook's depiction of Parker - he grabbed it perfectly. But the actor who played Lady Penelope came over as a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> That's why we hate this movie. When someone broadcasts something that was popular for a fan base and expects the fans to hand out money to watch and then delivers something than it was not close to what their fans expect - yes, I'm sorry it is just plain WRONG! OK, so if they make a children's movie - fine - next time it will be distributed directly to video, how many of these belong. But do not pack anything into a familiar cover and change inside.
