'Thunderbirds' was a hugely popular Sixties show that has exceeded the years and generations to the point it is still so popular with both adults and children as it was in its heyday. So one would derive the chance to produce a live-action feature film with a million pound Hollywood budget was an excellent opportunity to revive the series as it has been done with "Spider-Man" and "The X-Men". But a horrible story and bland action wiped out this opportunity, and it was soon clear that all that was intended for this movie was a trip to the kiddies section. Instead of a movie focusing on five Tracey sons, their father and faithful geek Brain, who strive to save people and protect the world from villains, our hero in this drudge is a malcontent and bratty thirteen year old Alan Tracey, fourteen years old old Tin-tin and teenage brain box Fermat, son of Brains (yes, Brains' son, though it was a man who probably could not score a woman if he tried, maybe he grew the baby in a Petri dish). As one can tell from a review of our three main characters, this 2004 remake 'Thunderbirds' was clearly aimed at entertaining only children under twelve instead of trying to appeal to a wide age range like those involved in the very superior Revival of 'Spider-Man' did. The plot itself was so bland with clunky, awkward dialogue and weak jokes that probably wouldn't entertain lighter pre-teens. Scriptwriter seemed more interested in tearing off 'Spy Kids' (which was at least quirky and original) rather than remake the show people know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker, they only had about three lines between them, so their presence was hardly felt. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey was just boring, and there was only the slightest mention of the other four Tracey boys, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, respectively Brains and the Hood, were just embarrassing. The hood is not at all threatening or spooky and instead comes as a campy, two-bit stereotype villain as slender as a rotting salad. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey may well be a good young actor, but it was hard to see it in a movie where he plays a whinging quarrel just grates and the same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-tin, as the most she has to do is look good and be everything for 'Girl Power'. Ironically, it is young Søren Fulton's Fermat, which is the only interesting character of the film, as Fulton delivers a natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> The Thunderbirds series will always be remembered as an excellent show that proves puppets to deliver solid performances! The 'Thunderbirds' movie will be forgotten most and remembered by a few as a big flop.
