I have always thought that most big box office flops usually have something to recommend them, but after turning around around the world for 80 days and thunderbirds, I start to doubt it. For those who are not familiar, it is based on a puppet show about a family of astronauts using state-of-the-art rockets, spaceships and subways to save people from various disasters (descending bridges, hit planes, burning buildings etc.) Every week. Now the puppets have disappeared (replaced by far more lifeless teenagers), and that is also the prerequisite - only an inappropriate planned rescue and a plot shamelessly beaten by Spy Kids without any sign of imagination, humor or entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels left out of all rescue, we never see the other Traceys, because Dad won't let him play with a real rocket before he runs his exams. Founded on a beautiful tropical island (some punishment!), His chance of shining when the rest of the family - a bunch of identical bleaching blondes resembling a gay neo-Nazi drone without a single characterization between them - is stranded in space and he has to have the day around, drive around the jungle, make a call, shoot a snake at the creepy comedy relief villains and dousing them in gunk for bad targets. <br /> <br /> The good points are few and far between. One of them is that the film is mostly in focus. The other is that they all have to go to the Seychelles, which looks good. <br /> <br /> The bad points: where to start? Ben Kingsley's career low performance? The aforementioned spooky comedy sidekicks who would quarrel Children's Film Foundation at worst? The almost complete lack of action or effects in a $ 70m sci-fi movie? The horrible script, the lifeless direction, the fate of moralization? But most of all, the fact is that the film is so patronizing in every way possible. Forget about life education and away from the peg mood. This is a movie aimed at the under-eights of people who know that they are making a child's movie and constantly talking down to their intended audience, throwing in fifth rate jokes and routines it would offend most children who had only recently mastered the language. This movie could replace being sent to bed early without their dinner as the parents' favorite punishment for children. The biggest flop in British film history (it didn't even cover the cost of printing and marketing), it's just about seeing if it's just like an object to learn how to NOT make a summer movie.
