Johnathan Frakes is a good actor, and when he does not lead a family movie, he is a fine director. But he really shouldn't have directed this movie, and the manuscript should have been rejected. The director and authors should understand what the original TV show was all about, as well as who the characters were and how they worked. The original series had many episodes of razor-sharp writing through good dialogue and with situations that American producers would never consider using in children's programming, much less a movie, making the original series so well-received by adults. I think Tracy was a college student, and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were signs that were killed, although most were bad. If they had written it as it was originally done, which does not dumb things with poor dialogue, childhood humor and a weak plot, this joint / studio channel joint venture would not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This movie is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series, then you know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was out of place and annoying was the constant references to the Ford Motor Company, even so far that Lady Penelope drove around in a confused Ford Thunderbird that looked like FAB-1 in Instead of using what would have been more appropriate considering Mrs Penelope's station (not to mention being more faithful to the original), a ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. She was supposed to be a prominent member of British society, and thus a preference for England's finest make of motor vehicles in the original series. Another reviewer here stated that Penelope would not be caught dead in a Ford. He's pretty much in that context that the idea of ​​her riding in a Ford doesn't work. At least they could have had the Penelope ride in a Jaguar made as FAB 1 since Jaguar is a British car factory owned by Ford, but no! They had to use a straight FORD! But Ford product placement does not end there. Every single car you can see is a Ford! Even the news flash shown on the TVs in the movie was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! Ford predominantly dominates vehicles making this movie a clear marketing vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still remained its time even today. But the futuristic design of the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design practical and functional. This form of treatment did not exist in the film, where everything is stylized for excess, defeating the sense of functionality and usability. A lot of things that were done in the film's design were made strictly for style, many times with no sense of function to give this style a sense of reason. <br /> <br /> The original series relied on good actors recordings of the talent number to overcome the limited expressions of the puppets and bring them to life in the episodes. The brilliant and lively music score of Barry Gray helped even more connect the audience with the story, the characters, and how everything came together to help achieve the overall goal (a little Stanislavski speech). The film, on the other hand, had some for lattice performances. Anthony Edwards overlapped Brains for a mistake, Bill Paxton, when Jeff Tracy just didn't work despite decent acting (one of a few), there were better choices for Hood than Ben Kingsley, and many others I didn't care to mention it would take too long). Simply, the dolls were more credible! Second was the overly generic and underlying music score by Hans Zimmer, which looks more like a mix between "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13." <br /> <br /> And of course Hood. The hood of the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyrano through a statue of Kyrano as a connector for ESP contact. But it was here that his extraordinary ability ended. He is a master of disguise and deception that allows him to sneak up undetected (mostly, anyway) to gather information from the Thunderbirds vehicles in his own ways. He also uses weapons for his own defense, including guns, and generally collects information using a movie camera, though he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s United Artists release of "Thunderbird 6" (which was the last Thunderbirds -show filmed in Supermarionation and was the second Thunderbird's theatrical release). But while he is a nemesis of International Rescue, Hood is not the villain in every Thunderbird's episode, and he tends to avoid direct confrontation with International Rescue. In the film, of course, he is the biggest villain, but he and his cohorts seem to be more like morons, along with the Hood, which has expanded mind control capability, including the ability to move objects and move in flight for short periods. This deviates completely from Hood as a sign in the original series of one that can let the kids laugh and people who are familiar with the series scratch their heads in confusion or leave the theater in disgust. There is more criticism, but the limit of 1000 words for IMDb reviews does not allow me to list them all. So I will close with the point being made that I do not enjoy this movie. In fact, I think it sucks! After seeing the original series and Supermarionation movies (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I hoped for something much better than this. The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce. (And that's fine.) - Kip Wells
