I'm not a fan of the Left behind the book series - the books are written at a 6th grade reading level with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While the books are able to remain faithful to the scriptures, their methods of fulfilling prophecies are often ridiculous (an example is their explanation of the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). The books also have an unmistakable sermon that will extinguish unbelievers instead of bringing them to the gospel. Yet I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of revelation. For a similar reason, I saw the movie adaptation. I'm sorry to say it's a pretty mediocre movie that borders on the poor. Actually, the play is pretty decent mostly with occasional bits of bad acting and overbearing. The script is rather poor, although it is almost unexpected when you start with the novel as a basis. The signs are poorly drawn and underdeveloped. Events feel scattered and interrupted. The dialogue sometimes sounds premature. At least, the book managed to play its hokey conspiracy theory. Here the viewer is back with an incoherent mess that only makes sense if you have read the book. The pacing of the film is also very poorly done with the opening and the conclusion apparently extremely premature, and the middle draws to a creepy slow pull which makes it feel padded. Music is obsolete. At times, it successfully emphasizes the mood and sounds that fit a movie image. At other moments it reminds me of sitcom and mini-series music. And still other bits remind me of a poppy MTV soundtrack that just doesn't belong in the movie. I can give the movie points for the panic scene aboard the plane, but that's it. The other scenes involving the disasters after the rapture are far from convincing. The film also suffers from the book's sermon, although its message is not quite as in your face. In all, I found the movie as disappointing as the series. It is not the movie that will gather Christians around it. I hope this movie won't get any attention on the theaters next year. It would be more unnecessarily poor publicity for Christianity. For an example of a compelling, intelligent and well-researched series based on revelation that presents a realistic and Christian worldview without insulting the secular reader (who after all must be the Christian trying to reach) read the James Clone trilogy by James BeauSeigneur. It is a real read and is a much better choice for unbelievers or believers who value quality.
