Never before have the motives of the producers of a film picture been more transparent. Let's see: FIRST, they all get ready to hype this movie as the biggest thing since cut white bread. NEXT, they urge as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to buy copies of the movie to recover their poor production costs and pump up their advertising budget. And finally, when the movie hits the theaters, as many Christians as possible get to see it once again, bus them into the multiplexers if necessary, NOT on the benefits of the movie itself, but because a # 1 opening of an office will be seen as a kind of deep spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> Of course, that won't be enough. I imagine that any film critic with arrogance to give "Left Behind" anything but a glowing review will be considered "anti-Christian". Of course, this shamelessly manipulative marketing campaign shouldn't surprise anyone. After all, it's good old-fashioned capitalism at work. What surprises me is how many people have been suckered throughout the "Left Behind" mindset. As one who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with some sense of reason and rationality, it leaves me scraping my head. It seems that there are many, many people who actually believe that sometime in the near future a "rapture" will occur and that millions of people all over the world will disappear in their air at the same time. What kind of reality am I wondering, are these people in? Is this "Rapture" something they actually believe in, or is it something they would otherwise like to believe in? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize that "Rapture" hasn't happened, are they disappointed and disillusioned? Will there still be people 100 years from now insisting that "Rapture" is imminent? <br /> <br /> In a sense, I almost want such an event to occur! What an interesting day it would be! What would be even more interesting is that if the apocalypse were to occur in a more spectacular way, not in the anthropological sense, the authors of the "Left Behind" series depicted, but as more of a Stephen Spielberg production with boiling clouds, trumpets, angels falling out of the sky, Maan turned to blood, nine yards. Imagine coming to the realization that it was all right, just as the evangelists were warned for years, and that there was something more amazing than just the cold, hard and physical reality we inhabit. Wouldn't it be something ??? <br /> <br /> In the end, however, it is the cold, hard, physical reality that I will satisfy myself with. My life is not so pointless that I need the fear of a "Rapture" and "End Times" to make sense of it all ... nor do I need heaven or hell to bribe or scare me to behave decently, thank you very much.
