I'm a Christian ... and I feel this movie is horrible. No, but hard core, Christians in Biblical belts will like this movie. The message is also in your face. If you want to touch a wider audience, you need to be far more subtle. You can't get the dad to wake the Bible around and carry it with him in every scene. RIDICULOUS! <br /> <br /> Poor direction. The discovery of missing people should have been scary, but it was ridiculous. They leave their clothes on the ground? It reminded me of old Ed Wood movies: "Oh my God! People are missing!" The scene in the plane is just stupid. Think about it: If you found your relative's clothes next to you, you wouldn't just scream "Oh my God, they disappeared! They are missing!" and start crying and shouting. You would first be in denial ... you just wouldn't jump to that conclusion. See Jodie Foster in FLIGHTPLAN. My favorite shot is the dog sitting on the lawn with a pile of clothes and boots sitting next to him. I fell on the couch, I was so laughing. <br /> <br /> The music was so bad and so distracting. It was as if the composer was in his own world and scored his own films. "Here's my chance to make a thriller", "Here's my chance to act!" Stop telling me how to feel JAMES COVELL! A good score supports what is happening on the screen ... this movie needed more of a UNDER score, but instead it was just as much in your face as the message was. The scripture was bland. Then was Captain Christian Kirk Cameron. Chelsea was worse: "You don't understand! People are missing!" Brad Johnson was ridiculous. The two stand out performances came from Anti-Christ and the older guy (sorry, can't remember their names) to see "making of" (to answer my question about "what did they think?") Producers and filmmakers and actors just tease themselves and say "we're going to reach the audience" and "brad johnson is amazing" and "this is like a Hollywood movie". I came to the conclusion that they just do not know what the "heels" they are doing. <br /> <br /> I order the bet. Getting the message to a wide audience is a great idea. Film is the best medium that is possible to do. Look at movies like WIDE AWAKE, TIGER, CONTACT, PASSION OF CHRIST, even O'BROTHER, where art is it? The bottom line is that the film should be made by people who have talent and vision. Unfortunately it was not.
