It has been a while since I saw it for the first time, so I saw it again with the second movie in the series. While I realize there is a third movie that I haven't seen yet, I will go under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Only from the standpoint of production value, screenwriting and film making, this film fails on many levels, even if it succeeds with a few. What can you expect from a low budget "B" movie? Not much and it works from the production. However, the scripture is certainly uneven, with little in the way of character development ... exactly what I would expect when there is an agenda for a movie. I had no problem with the actor ... the throw is solid; But the manuscript in both films gives the actors a small opportunity to really stretch themselves. Because the film is "Christian", it is predictable, as you cannot very well depict the violent chaos of the "end times" without also breaking a part of the ethics normally associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake of making this a G-rated movie when the content, even in the most conservative of Bible interpretations, would be R-rated by any measure. So, if the purpose of the movie is to scare people into Christian faith, then the movie should be something scary, right? However, you cannot comment on a movie adaptation from a book without commenting on the book or in this case a number of books. There are probably lots of Christian materials that are worthy enough to be made into movies ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these movies eventually fail because they are poorly written novels based on poor theology. <br /> <br /> I understand that the books were a guilty pleasure to me, as I have not yet completed the last two books in the series. I have described them as decent fiction, and if the books were to say that this is an "opportunity" or interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology (study of the "end times"), then I could live with it. , this series is divided into Christian circles because it promotes the "literal" interpretation of the entire scripture over a more proper hermeneutic. This inevitably leads to the "pre-trib, pre-millenial" dispensation view which limits a mighty God too much of the world of mankind. In other words, as I have always said, God does not need our helicopters and bombs to do its utmost work. But because many people, especially non-studying Christians, cannot think of their own world views, we remain with a pro-conservative, fundamentalist attitude to Bible interpretation and attempt to push it through as the "sole" interpretation. Thus, the books carry with them an agenda, not so much to get the "lost" to understand their need for Christ, but to state that the fundamentalist viewpoint is the only valid way of understanding the Bible. I remember very clearly reading (several years ago) in another novel a scene in which the characters refer to a person who was "left behind" because he did not observe that view; as if "real" Christians were worthy of being "raptured" could not hold onto another eschatology. This is disturbing for several reasons, the least of which is because a "rapture" is only briefly mentioned in Scripture, and that is the connection to genuine, end-time prophecy is in the best of sense. <br /> <br /> But the real problem with these books comes in the way they share the Christian community and how they portray "true" Christian behavior. In the end, I feel they are ravaging more people into an otherwise legitimate faith / religion instead of winning people against it. It becomes all Christians in caricatures, just as despised and laughed at by the world, despite the fact that there is theological room for a wide variety of beliefs in Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, we have basically done enough of those social injuries over 2000 years of history ... and we certainly do not need to promote it with movies to thousands, maybe millions of others. <br /> <br /> Thus, the "Left Behind" films fall because "Left Behind" books are not worthy of interpretation in movies.
