The legend of Bloody Jack is set in the Alaskan desert and starts as a relative of some murderous, deceased occultist Lumberjack reader incantations (The Evil Dead (1982) style) of an old spelling book attempting to revive him, he succeeds and is not a great belief in the family unit, the lumberjack dude kills his relatives. Two days later, his girlfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of their friends, along with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), pull outside a cozy log cabin (The Evil Dead style ...) with a view for a relaxing weekend in the desert. Unfortunately, the killer Lumberjack shows the dude show with his ax and starts slaughtering his friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Edited, written, executive produced and directed by Todd Portugal This is a pretty rotten modern slasher flicking that kind of killing the horror genre for me, I'm just not a big fan of ultra low budget horror movies with the production values ​​of a vacation video. The script is absolutely horrible in every way for 80 minutes, it has all the bad slasher cliches, the character is terrible, the dialogue is horrible, and it's hard to worry about anyone or anything in this rather worthless excuse for a teenage movie. Teenagers are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the manuscript is more moronic, predictable and flawless than normal and the killer Lumberjack dude is just lame. Then there are the last 10 minutes or so, if you do so far and think it's hard to go, produce one of the worst twists and turns ending in slasher film history that, as far as I'm concerned, it's fun for us, paying crowd that has had to just sit through 90 minutes worth of crap. I will now spoil the end so that anyone who does not want to know that it stops reading now. Basically just before the end of the movie, it cuts back to Ray telling a story and it turns out he tells the story of what we just saw & Nick & Dawn & everyone else prepares him to tell such a bad story (I felt their pain) & then continue choosing holes in it and laughing at it. From saying why they stood around arguing why they didn't pick up the ax and such things I felt this was poking fun on the audience, as these were the kinds of things I asked myself while watching this crap it has pushed down my throat and made it clear that the decision makers knew that the script was crap & could see all the holes in it and went for a twist that ended up being extremely bad the last 80 minutes (which we just had to sit by remembering) is just a little grid. Then, to add insult to injury, Lumberjack shows dude & kills everyone within two minutes, why didn't he do it to begin with? It would have saved everyone a lot of time. Director Portugal becomes a real mess, it has the worst continuity between night and day in a movie I have ever seen. The whole movie is supposed to set at night, and I suppose the decision makers were trying to spend the day for the night process, but it didn't work and most of it seems to have been set during the day. For example, look at when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom and she climbs out the window. It is clearly pitch black outside when we look inside the bathroom, but when she falls to the ground and the movies cut into an outer shot, it is bright daylight. Then there's Ranger Vince who says we can't find a party in here until the "morning" that suggests it should be the night, then several minutes later when he goes outside and it looks like it's in the middle of The day, he is actually carrying around a torch that is clearly on & he obviously points it in directions where he looks like it's night. Whenever there is a scene in the cabin you look at the windows, it's pitch outside & when the Ranger enters through the door at first is another clear example. The continuity of this movie is simply the worst I have ever seen. There is not much going on, there are a few scenes of an ax that go into people's bodies, but nothing memorable. It's not scary, there's no excitement or atmosphere, and the awful day and night continuity is just so distracting because it's so obvious. Technically, the film is bound, and again, the continuity between night and day must be seen to be believed how bad it is. The special effects are bad and they couldn't even afford to show a car that is blowing up, even though it is quite crucial to the plot. This has amateur hour written over it from start to finish. The action is absolutely brilliant, and everyone involved should get an Oscar, just fun, not really they were utterly horrible, and even the girls who got their breasts were not that great. The legend of Bloody Jack is just a horrible teen slasher flick, it looks like it was shot on a camcorder without the use of a tripod or steadycam, it has horrible effects, is dull and has a twist ending that is either the most offensive In horror movie history or I have it completely wrong and it is the most wise. Not recommended, see a decent slasher from the 70's or 80's to remind you how to do it.
