I should immediately say that I only checked the spoilers box because I give this comment the amount of thought that is proportional to what this root of a movie deserves and does not want to be held responsible for any plot point that randomly slides out. <br /> <br /> This comment will take the form of a tirade for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this movie, just after seeing it, and the unique effect it has made is unfit for that kind of forethought and paragraph structure necessary for coherent, reasoned criticism. It's not a compliment. It is not the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or thought-provoking film. The emotions it creates combine as an unpleasant emotional Voltron, which consists of a confusing mix of a form of anger, the vague desire to take a shower, the ruthless, descending sense of true betrayal you get when they realize that they have given 109 minutes their life is in the hands of a person who will not only ruin it but do it in such a pompous, artificial way. And I probably wouldn't have done anything super-productive with that 109 minutes anyway! But even though I had used it on something trivial, like a power block of masturbation and online poker, I would have felt more fulfilled when all was said and done. The problem with this movie is countless, and in better times I would formulate exactly what they were in the semi-adult way. But in line with what this movie deserves, I think I will most likely stick to masturbation jokes and comic books. <br /> <br /> The most annoying and terminal error is that while watching this movie, you are eager to note that decision makers and participants believe they are making a much smarter movie than they are. Demonstrating the science one could obtain in a semester art study of Western art history at a community college or business school, the art jargon is stacked on thick and from all directions, with much of what is provided by numbers between our hero, the tortured detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, who I will forgive for this movie because he is Willem Dafoe) and his acclaimed antique dealer, Blair (Peter Stormare, takes a break from playing a sociopath, for whose murder is easy to play a 2-dimensional plot unit in a film about a sociopath for whom murder comes easily). And talk they do. In fact, we have fallen into this story on a crime scene that may indicate recognition of a serial killer Stan believes he killed years earlier, so whole back story is partially established through fuzzy flashback, but primarily through styled conversations between Stan and his dealer or Stan and his colleague, the irreconcilably annoying Carl (Scott Speedman). And even though I distinguish the character Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who plays him using brackets, I must admit it very early in the film, I despised this character so much that I actually found myself genuinely wanting harm to the actor, who portrayed him (Scott Speedman). Nothing too fancy. Not dead or paralysis, necessarily .. But maybe herpes? Or maybe a stage light could fall on him and crush his arm? This is a dangerous breakdown, but I do not edit it because I want to leave someone reading this who is thinking of paying to see this train wreck of a movie with a clear impression of the horrible wishes and feelings it shakes itself most peaceful man. Well, I am able to run out of steam here .. during writing this is the sick feelings, this movie brought up in one I have slowed down, my head has cleared a little. Realizing that I still invest time in something related to this piece of sh! T is originally resembling waking up after a night of suicide that drinks next to the howling form of an ever-dormant 200 pound college girl. Your first urge is a desperate desire to escape. This is natural.
