I originally gave this episode a rating of two. I now wish that I had thought more about it. I also want them to have negative rating opportunities. <br /> <br /> I saw that I was amazed at how poor everything was from start to finish. I adore Ron Pearlman and John Carpenter ... so what went wrong? Last season, episode 13 was pulled because of the way it handled the abortion problem. I think that this season, Mr Carpenter managed to make such a gray area that you cannot immediately see if he is pro-choice or anti-abortion. It was only after I was thinking about it that I realized he was very anti-abortion - you get it most clearly in the end when the "mother" shoots the baby and kills it for the father's dismay, who goes to mourning and leaving the mother scary. But you also see it the way Ron P. character is treated. I hardly think that if anyone has proved another threat in the past to get a restrained order against him, they would not immediately call the police. Instead, we have the guard almost sympathetic to dealing with him (only to pay for it eventually). I don't mind anyone having a strong outlook on something, even though it is not something I agree with, but I think it is a little lamb, not to stand by this view, rather than trying to look like if they sit somewhere in the middle. But political issues aside were this episode beyond the poor. The music was retro-70 and just plain didn't work. The actor (except Ron P.) was poor. The effects were terrible - it might have been better just to-not-show the monster at all rather than show the lame excuse for a monster they had. <br /> <br /> All this being said, I'm glad they have the Masters of Horror — I don't mind sitting through some really poor episodes to find the good ones. It's a bit like renting horror movies from the video store - now and then you get a good one, and that makes it all worthwhile. I agree with the poster that said the name might need to be changed from the Masters - some of these people simply don't deserve the title. (Let me stress that I myself hated this episode, John Carpenter deserves the title. He is a master through and through)
