I went into a video store and looked around to find some horror movies, after approx. 30 minutes I just cleaned and took a few. I stumbled upon the "Masters of Horror" which contained "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They seemed OK, same old Cheesy Horror crap, but I was interested for some reason. It said about Pro-Life about the case of being a classic, a return to the form of John Carpenter (I loved his "The Thing" so I thought it would be good) and all that. So I thought it would be something big and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started relaxed, just a girl running through a forest, scared of something. A car stops and picks her up (just so it's the people she needed to see, amazing?) They take her back to a clinic and examine her that all this happens, her father appears at the gates and they do It does not let him in, he is not high near the area. Most likely from something he would have done in the past, but you don't know any of this at the moment. He really doesn't want his daughter in this place, an abortion center. He is very strongly opposed to such actions, believing that it is ill and not what "God" wants. He "supports" what I heard is called "Pro-Life". Goes against abortion and goes to extremes to allow the babies to be born, they are sick. They do not like the life of an unborn being taken, but they have killed people in the past to allow birth? Justice is just a sense of mind. In any case, back on track, after the girl is examined, they find out that she is pregnant but far beyond what she should be. She is only a few weeks pregnant, but is months ahead. She tells them that they do not understand her and that she wants an abortion and all but finally tells the truth that she was raped by a demon from hell and that her father wants this baby (but thinks "God "Want this baby, not who really does). He gets his 3 sons (they move with guns and firearms), and starts getting them to go into the clinic (shoot down anyone who doesn't want to cooperate). The clinic leader who has had problems with them in the past is well prepared this time. End up killing a fathers son, but eventually being shot a few times (wearing a bullet-proof jacket). The father then does what he believes is done for the women. He cuts a hole where the vagina would be if he is a woman and sticks some sucking stuff up there and sucks out all that blood. While all this happens, the girl gets some Demonic baby with many legs, and some Demon rises underground (not in the same room) and begins to look for her child. The father sees it later and begins to question why this happened, he did what he was told to do, and does not understand why that is so. The demon had killed both of his sons earlier, and now it's going to father ... While the girl is killing the baby and the demon is carrying it away (not in the same scene). <br /> Yes, it probably sounds pretty cool and an exciting Horror Movie, but it's not. The action is horrible and lacks enthusiasm, the manuscript is boring and not even creative; they choose the wrong characters and do not even build on them; Just everything, all the small parts, doesn't even add any big waste of time. I would not classify this as a horror, even though it has elements of horror, they eventually fail in what they are trying to succeed. It felt more like a "Beginner" Short-Movie than by John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for my lack of information and detailed review, I just don't have time to waste to write something exciting. Also sorry if my spelling and details are wrong, I really couldn't be bothered to investigate anything.
