I was looking forward to seeing John Carpenter's season 2 episode, because his first Cigarette Burns was by far the best of Season 1 (and I liked other episodes from that season). Oh, how was I disappointed. <br /> <br /> In fairness to Carpenter, I think the primary problem with this episode was horrible to write. The characters except the topic seemed to behave and speak as if they were written for an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. The action was bad and I usually like Ron Perlman a lot, but I can only blame them so much because the writing was so horrible. I won't try to guess what the authors were trying to do because it would be useless, but it seemed like they were trying to mix horror (of course) with some sort of social commentary on abortion and religion. In the present case, it did not seem surprising that it was a chance to bash a particular selection or religious nuts as well as fanatical anti-abortionists. And I am for both goals, but it was so cruel that I was embarrassed to see signs act and talk to such stupid inconsistency. This completely failed to offer any valuable meaning to the topics, and the horror element also coincided with such inappropriate writing. <br /> <br /> While I don't think Carpenter might be due to most of the evil here, I would say he chose to control the teleplay and therefore has the responsibility for that. There are a few small pieces that I found lovely, therefore the 2 stars I gave it. <br /> <br /> The actual gore and monster effects were good, but CGI Gore (two separate shots in the head) was of course inferior quality CGI they should never have gotten ok. I am generally very critical of CGI, but not because I have a problem with it in principle. I have a problem with doing it. The technology is in some respects not great enough to match "real" effects whether they are thumbnails or doings, especially when it comes to matching something organic and / or vibrant and therefore should not be used before they are. CGI can be used well in small quantities or of course if the entire movie is animated. <br /> <br /> I would also like to take this opportunity to note that the show title, Masters of Horror, is a bad title to have. There are simply not many actual "masters of horror" around. Maybe two or three. If the show is called "Tale of Horror" or so it will be fine. But as it says the criteria for managing one of these episodes, and therefore criticized for not being a "fate master", it is that they have at least one horror movie directly in their careers. And it didn't even have to be a good one.
