EQUAL SPOILERS (but it doesn't matter anyway). An exercise in gobblygook of disastrous proportions, not even worthy of the 10 lines I need to put these comments on netwaves. This is the only worst episode of the Masters series to date and the first to qualify for the rejected Mystery Science Theater treatment. Although it took me half an hour to realize the intended ironic angle, it was still a very lame mess. The only value lies in the perspective of forcing one to realize that besides gore and ugly masks, the genre only succeeds when the classic cinematic notions of photography and lighting, dialogue and action, editing and timing are used. Here they are absent and John Carpenter is no master. Period. And no tritan analysis of the easy social comment in it will change that. It's strange that Carpenter has never been more than a B-director, but at least such films as "Fog" and "The Thing" had a great atmosphere (the latter being one of my favorite cultures). <br /> <br /> Abominable trades. Camera angles in cement. Tension free rhythm. But perhaps the only most unpleasant element of the episode is the story, which of course the JC cannot really be blamed for (unless the authors were friends of Cody.) The first two-minute slo-mo of a girl who only runs through a forest to be almost overflowing would be the Scully-Mulder duo is the first and last thing that works in the movie. But come on, a girl who jumps through a deserted forest to nowhere, especially in desperate need of an abortion that falsely goes in the way of the fender of a few "women's rights" directors whose clinic just happens to be the end of the road around the corner. Oh, and I don't even want to nitpick about how doc whips accidentee in the car and speeds away at 0 to 60 in six seconds. Do wonders for possible broken ribs or concussions. <br /> <br /> Then things fall apart very quickly. The vacuous dialogue "I just want to help you", the interminably sluggish back and forth at the gate, grandiose battle tactics like cutting the phone line (in the cell phone's age?) Followed by the shoot-out: a born-again ramboesque clinic director vs Ron perlman and high school bullpen next to a few kicks at Easter break. Another nice line: "So what should we do?" from the child who had just sat on a pile of rifles in the back car. Is no it is not yet pheasant season. So who needs those teenage boys anyway. How about the good old tried and true method for the lonely lunatic who bases his way through the gate with his American SUV? <br /> <br /> As for the exchange of scenery itself, the cuts here were as rigid as the staccato of a DC comic strip. All that was missing was Wham, Bam and Whiz by the balloon titles. And everything for the tune of a soundtrack worthy of an old Mannix episode. At some point, we learn that Dad is not really a father, but at this point we have not been led to care much, nor any more. This story's only source of drama is the conflict between the pro-life danger and his pregnant daughter, who is only grateful that she does not have twins. But there is not a single scene, flashback or not, where they actually ever exist together. They remain only abstractions to each other throughout. <br /> <br /> With the exception of the gatekeeper, each of the characters is totally unfortunate. Gentle, hysterical, boring, macho. As completely flat as human wallpaper can be. None of the doctors seem to have any medical about them. And there is the bickering father shining on his pregnant daughter as if he were the stressed girlfriend herself. Luckily he got his. There are two good MST-worthy comic moments: The Gusher when Angelica's plumbing equipment goes out and later the newborn lobster with the glue on the baby's head. Also sweet was Angelica's rugby ball belly before finally beating the real little monster from hell. As for the bold male abortion scene ... they should have kept Miike's episode and banned it instead. <br /> In short, a 3rd installment meets Rosemary's Baby Alien on a M.A.S.Hs grass. episode. This stinker alone, only noticeable to today's permissive during the 16th generation, will assure, as another said here, that this series will not be renewed in a third season. A real shame as there have been a number of brilliant productions, including such really decent spoofs as Dante's Homecoming or McKee's delicious quirky 'Sick Girl'. Not to mention the amazing image of Malone's 'Fairhaired Child'. <br /> <br /> Sorry John Carpenter, I think your direct days are over. It's time to run for president.
