The London Underground has something intrinsically scary about it. With its long twisted tunnels, the escalators take you deeper and deeper underground, and of course rats roaming the tracks. It is a source of knowledge that it is not used in horror movies more often. It was used in the 70s horror Deathline aka Raw Meat, featuring a cannibalistic tribe living in an interrupted tunnel and the famous hunting sequence in American werewolf in London. So I was glad to see someone else trying to capitalize on the atmosphere of the tube at night with the recent British production Creep. <br /> <br /> I thought the movie started well, with a highly effective credit sequence. It was really unnerving, followed by a scene in the sewers that set the condition for there to be something lurking under London's streets. Creep went downhill from here, though, and I thought I wanted to turn it off after this opening scene, which gave me a good impression of the movie. All the characters become unsympathetic and unlikely, even Potente himself, and the director felt the need to strike us over with social comments about homelessness. he also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full illumination, where he ceased to be extremely scary and reveals that his name is Craig. How can you have a monster called Craig? It turns into an X Files type thing, and reminds one of the episode Tombs. In fact, I wish Mulder and Scully would turn up and sort them all out for me. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous sexual violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and completely unnecessary. It seems to be there just to shock the audience rather than some intrinsic value. The problem is that it's so over the top and terrifying that it actually numbers you to the rest of the horror, which is a mistake, as it's only halfway through the movie. So there you go. The only redeeming feature of the movie for me was a rare appearance by Ken Campbell, one of my favorite occasional actors. You can't see him very often, but when he's on the screen, he works everyone else in a corner. Casting him as a sewer inspector was a brilliant blow, unfortunately the only one in the movie.
