I like movies about UFOs, so I recently decided to re-mount EYES BEHIND THE STARS after seeing it when I was a kid back in the late 1970s. And now I'm forced to write a review about it because I'm afraid I'm starting to forget about it quickly. You see, although EBTS is not bad, it is very boring and unnoticed. The story is sorta interesting but flat. The actors are good, but their roles are dull and somewhat confusing. The FX is terribly amateurish, but I can overlook something like this if the movie is convincing, which unfortunately is not. <br /> <br /> Also, there is very little violence and there is no nudity whatsoever, making this 1970s Italian sci-fi a real accident because if there is one thing that distinguishes between Italian genre films made In the 1970s, from genre films from other countries made in the same decade, it is the astonishing amount of violence and sex found in them. Oddly enough, due to the almost complete lack of exploiting elements, EBTS differs from the rest of the pact. I do not know if this can be seen as a compliment, however. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS needs more violence and some sex here and there to spice it up because it is so deadly dull and dry. And the special effects are not that special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is actually interesting. It is a combo box of THE X-FILES and Antonionis BLOWUP: a photographer accidentally captures foreigners on film during a fashion photography in the country. Foreigners know they were caught on film, and they continue to kidnap the photographer and a model and destroy subsequent evidence of their presence on the ground. The problem starts when the model meets with a man on the recently abducted photographer's apartment (this happens just before she is abducted). The man takes some of the negatives and leaves, as foreigners do not know the missing negatives. The whole story is about this man who wants to know more about foreigners and a secret spy group who wants to get hold of the negatives. The majority of the film is centered on boring political intrigue, in spy vs spy black. The UFO element in history is almost insignificant and could easily have been replaced by any cold war McGuffin. But as boring as the eyes behind the star, it looks like the X files a lot! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. Anyway, the best thing about EBTS is POV shots that are scary and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgettable, including the greasy foreigners. <br /> <br /> Although I have been most negative about this movie, I make sure of it. I still remember the effective ad campaign that scared me when I saw it as a child. And I own the video. The movie could have been so much more if it had been done properly. Oh good ...
