Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), a highly unlikeable bourgeois bitch who somehow finds herself sleeping through the last underground train's noise and wakes up to find herself locked in the metro station. After somehow meeting a workmate and would be a rapist Guy on a mystery train running after the lines are closed, it goes wrong and she finds herself pursued by what lurks under the city streets. Her story is linked to George (Blackwood), a former sewer worker; they meet in the final third of the movie, assembled by their attempt to escape the monster that pursues them. The couple continues through a set of increasingly unlikely places; from the underground station, they end up in the sewer system before they somehow find themselves in some kind of abandoned underground surgery. Most pipe stations do not have toilets, so how to have an operation is beyond me. Of course, the film worries to explain that the operation does not have running water. But it has electricity? Just one of many inconsistencies working against the atmosphere of the daily credibility the film is trying to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is a complete lack of justification for its actions, it just kills people for no apparent reason. And of course, it keeps some alive without any real reason, perhaps just because they can eventually escape and give the film an extra 15 minutes or so maturity. I understand that the natural fate must be frightening, but then the film tries to explain itself through a picture of a doctor and his son and a few shots of some jars of babies and yes it is just as tired and pathetic as it sounds. It also fails to explain how the creature has been underground far enough to lose the ability to speak, only communicate in raptor war, but not long enough to its pair of shorts to decay. Hmm. This medical company leads to the scene, which is the desperate attempt of the film to implant itself on your memory, and while it's awful and uncomfortable to see, it's just not enough. The last third of the film is based on an emotional relationship that never existed and the characters are broken down and restored in little or no apparent reason. George goes down and can't do anything despite the fact that he wants to escape, so he can see his daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally tough seconds after breaking down a person scratching her off a travel card. Yes. Having started as a "this could happen with any" movie, it quickly falls apart as it introduces ideas that make it increasingly unrealistic. A complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and lack of excitement make it avoidable.
