Originally called The Changer. The nostrils selector is a poorly constructed tale of an ener named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "likes them young". Can't socially interact with girls he encounters a tramp that teaches him a particular Vietnamese song. This "chant" involves whistling 'London Bridge falling down' as you jump around like an epileptic morris dancer. Nevertheless, ugly Joe tries it and hey presto! He is now a girl. Ideally he should be a young guy to attract girls. But let's not talk about ideals here - this film was made in 1983 and released in 1993, in an ideal world, it should never have been released. Filmsylen called this horror hokum as "mind numbing, him handed history story". Its worse than that. The nose breast selector really takes biscuits, in fact the whole goddamn cake container. Terrible scripted dialogue delivered by brain-dead actors, a ridiculous plot and a predictable twist. Just as things couldn't become more absurd, the story goes on its own heterogeneous key. For example, Joe decides to kill the girls by returning to himself. But I thought he would get close to them? Not satisfied with being a killer Joe also becomes a cannibal and eats some of his victims, of which it was only about 3-4. The highlight of this horrible movie is that Joe picks up a hooker (Steven Andrews) and then takes her back to his apartment. What happens next speaks belief ... Joe returns to a man, but also discovers that the hooker is a man. How does he react? Well, in a Benny Hill-esquire fashion, he shakes "around" the apartment with a bunch of squirty dildo's only to climb a blow up doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge were thinking about. At least this scene paved the way for another priceless moment. This involved the male hooker who reported the incident to a curly hair police officer with a 2-bit joke shop 'cop' uniform. The hilarious play is a must see. Especially hooker's inability to say "dildo" and his demand for "satisfaction". Apart from the above incident, this monotonous slash flick was a complete bore. You know a movie is bad, as DVD trailers were more exciting. Normally I would fast forward to the good bits, only there was no one here. The main action sequences involved Joe, who repeatedly repeated his victims. Forget quick cuts, Matthews utilizes fadeouts (one under a staff scene) to limit any kind of excitement that may already be. A girl's non-reaction to her fingers is cut off, is ridiculous. Normally, I would be happy to say the words "uncut", but in this case they were far from a blessing. Just more disturbing movie torture. The whole movie felt like an unedited episode of midsummer murder, only less entertaining. I would hate to see the carved version. <br /> <br /> In summary, Nostril picker is the most unpleasant thing I've seen since Richard Hammonds 5 O 'Clock Show. Dismal performances were made worse by a terribly tinny soundtrack and bad dubbing. Don't be fooled by the book label. This is NOT a cult classic unless it qualifies for the salmon-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters cult. As I think it does. Unless re-edited for 30 minutes remains away from this coma inducing root.
