Someone must have been seriously funny when they made this movie. Firstly, it is an absolute impossibility that this film was made in 1993. Mature and music dictate that this is seriously the 80s. My guess is that this has been shelving for a long time before some bile distributors picked it up and released it to a disbelieving world. There is a plot. Kind of. A strange lone meets a random man with a beard who tells him that if he meditates while he sings his favorite song, he will be able to turn to the one he chooses. At this point, I feel obliged to point out that lonely favorite song is London Bridge Falling Down. Why is this his favorite song? Because he's an idiot. We are only one minute into the movie and already the film has reached a monumental level of stupidity. It gets even stupid. <br /> <br /> Everyone is the nostrils selector. I can only assume this as there are two scenes in the movie where he is seen picking his nose. It cleans up the title. He decides to switch to a girl so he can get close to other girls. And kill them. It's more or less that. The action is universally horrible. Every single performance in this movie sucks. In fact, I would go so far as to say that the play is standard for a pornographic movie. It really is that awful. The nose breast selector is shown to the audience as the nostril selector. The characters in the movie see him as the girl he has been through singing London Bridge Falling Down. Man, I want an idiot myself to write this. Anyway, it's a little strange to see a middle-aged weirdo that is connected to school girls. And not in a good way. There is even an extended installation of scenes where the noseband is in school with the girls, and a song plays over the top. It may be the worst song ever recorded. I'm not even going to describe it. You know it when you hear it. And you agree with me. <br /> <br /> There are some scenes of violence, surely. And there is a Benny Hill style hunting sequence involving a transsexual. There is even an immortal bit of dialogue that may or may not have been taken from Shakespeare or John Milton, where the nostrils selector says to a prostitute, 'I have money if you have the gash. Lovely, I'm sure you agree. <br /> <br /> Except nonsense.
