Sometimes a movie comes together that is unique. The Nostril Picker is such a movie, Nostril Picker is like no other movie I have ever seen, unfortunately for Nostril Picker & myself it is unique for different reasons than what the filmmakers originally intended. Read on and everyone will hopefully get ready ... Nostril Picker, as it is commonly known, although apparently filmed under the title The Changer, starts with some extremely boring pictures of an American city somewhere, streets and the factory it is kind of things that the opening credits play. When Nostril Picker begins properly, the viewer introduced to a real loser is introduced by Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering), who is in his 40s. He lives alone in a small little apartment, where he watches TV, eats dog food and eavesdropping on old vinyl records as he dances with an inflated rubber sex doll. Joe likes teenage girls, he has various porn magazines, but enjoys the right thing even more. But being a nasty git Joe can't tempt any young ladies to go out with him or do anything else with him for that matter. A fateful day, an old homeless Vietnam veterinarian (Horace Grimm) sees the pain and pain Joe has to go through (he actually sees Joe being spoken to the police to hazel a teenage girl) and decides to help him out. He tells Joe about an incantation that he learned from 'gooks' in Vietnam that will transform Joe's appearance to what he likes. A process he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns Joe that "it makes you crazy if you do it too much". That night, Joe decides to try it in a public place on a podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, makes an extremely stupid dance and begins to yodelling. Joe finishes by flying the London Bridge falling down, listening yes, I don't do it either. In the beginning, Joe is visibly disappointed when nothing significant happens. To consolidate, Joe tries to buy a porno power, but is shocked when the clerk (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell it to an underground girl. Joe, the bright spark he is, realizes what has happened and speaks his / her way out of it by claiming that his father had sent him / her to buy it. Joe, now calling his alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), senses the opportunities and leads directly to the local high school. Joe befriends four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg), and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro), while in his disguise, oh and Joe become a student at school simply by asking sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). First, Joe seems to be harmless enough, he just likes to hang around toilets and things like that. But that soon changes as Joe brutally murdered Brenda. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective along with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) & Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden). The pathologist is determined to catch the sick person responsible for killing his daughter's friends, but will they succeed before Joe strikes again? The IMDb listing for Nostril Picker is wrong, I saw it hours ago and it is clear that it is directed by Mark Nowicki, who was also co-producer and certainly not Patrick J. Matthews, who was credited as co-producer cinematographer, not that it does much difference and I would have, although Nowicki would have been more than happy with Matthews to take "credit" to do this piece of shit. No one involved in manufacturing Nostril Picker should be allowed to go anywhere near a camera ever. The noseband is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and it says something. It is quite awful in every possible way imaginable. The script by Steven Hodge is terrible, there is no narrative structure, excitement, excitement, drama, character development, and the things that happen are so foolishly silly, it's uncertain. The Plot units and arrangement chain in Nostril Picker are completely incomprehensible. The scene in which Joe finds out about the prostitute (Steven Andrews) he has hired is actually a man, and Joe starts chasing him around in his apartment with two squirting dildos are simply stuffy things. The subsequent scene, where the transvestite reports the incident to the police, is hilariously written and had me mentally laughing at the dialogue. I also hated the end, it was not only predictable, but it leaves the door open for a sequel, I psychologically shadows at the mere thought! On a technical level, Nostril Picker is horrible, point & hope photography, bland and inappropriate music, forgettable places, poorly edited (Brenda is killed in the kitchen, but her blood splashes on the TV screen that was obvious in the opposite room), some of the worst action I've put through & very unimpressive special effects consisting of a pair of cut rubber fingers, a slit neck and a quick scene where Joe eats some meat. It comes as no surprise that the cast & crew who worked at Nostril Picker has almost no IMDb credits for anything before or after. Even at 76 odd minutes, the noseband is far too long and really boring to sit through. I could go on and on all day long about how badly Nostril Picker is, I really could. One thing I can't quite work out was, was all this intended by the filmmakers? The noseband is actually a unique film that is unique in the terrible and incompetent. In the case of the Nose Breast Selector, I hope it will remain unique as well, saying it's still not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it comes close to it for sure. Absolutely one to avoid.
