"Fungicide" is probably the most incompetent, embarrassing, pitiful "movie" I've ever seen. The action is criminal, the direction that hardly exists, and the special effects are probably put together by releasing a monkey with learning problems on a defenseless laptop. It's far from me pampering creativity, but I actually think things like this shouldn't be done. I'm sure the "movie" powers will say it, yes, "movie" was hampered by a low budget (as in nothing) - but in that case they shouldn't have bothered it. As it is, they have offered the world something so violent, so execrable that only imbeciles could have the most wonderful pleasure from it. <br /> <br /> Starting "movie" it wasn't like I was expecting "Citizen Kane" or anything. I had expected a small budget little horror with perhaps a modicum of ingenuity, a hint of fun and even a little energy. What I got was the cinematic equivalent of a used handkerchief. <br /> <br /> The reason? Well, our hiring antihero scientist working in his parent's basement is seen manically touching some goo in a cup. Apparently, such high-level science is the end result of years of research. His parents then send him to a strange hotel-type place in the country to relax. There are some other people there who are simply too terrible to write about. In any case, the scientist drops his test tube on some fungi - and soon fungi grow and kill some people. (Wow, I'm getting suicidal just writing plot plot). Our heroes save the day by detonating a barrel of balsamic vinegar (by attaching a "fuse" - really a piece of string - to it). The barrel explodes uncontrollably with the power of a small nuclear weapon that destroys all fungi. The end. (Thank you very much). This summary is as good as the "movie" gets (and it makes it much more interesting than it actually is). It should never have passed this stage of development (which I think is a plot chart written on the back of a colored pencil envelope). Someone should really have penetrated and given someone a sharp shake and said "No." <br /> <br /> And the "special" effects. Well, they're "special" okay. This is CGI gone wild. And made by a person whom I can only assume, the bike pump thinks of being the top of modern technology. And when the mushroom samples aren't in the style of a home computer graphics package from 1984, they are represented by actors pushed together covered by a sheet (I'm not kidding you). <br /> <br /> One of the most inexplicable things about the movie is its laziness. This can be summed up by the scene where the hero turns his weapons (a la Clint Eastwood) and then fails to get them in his pockets. I mean to come up with a couple of retakes, and he might have pulled it off, but just to leave it as it is - really weak. I can't believe that money was spent on this camcorder-shot waste. The "movie" skinny should hang their heads in shame and be forbidden to walk within fifty meters of any film making equipment. I also think it is wrong for friends and family of creators to enter IMDb and write mendacious reviews and give stupidly high user ratings that give an inaccurate picture of "movies". "Fungicide" is an absolute travesty of film making. Sir. Wavavage is either very, very stupid or very, very cynical.
