The character of Tarzan has been exposed to so many clichés and so many bad interpretations that those who hope for another kind of version (people like me, I think, who liked the Tarzan books as a child and always wanted one movie version that followed the books just a little bit) should know how the latest renditions came up. Some of the IMDb reviews address this point, but here's my $ .02 <br /> I'm aware of only two-count-em movies of Tarzan, Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and Disney animated version that trying to depict Edgar Rice Burrough's rather interesting character (son of a marooned English noble couple, picked up after their death by a tribe of monkeys raising him as one of them, and who becomes "the lord of the boy" because of his superiority) human intellect before returning it to England and claiming its other identity) than the usual Hollywood jungle man whose origin remains unclear and whose trademarks are his famous cry, his mysterious inability to speak proper English despite prolonged exposure to people who know the language, their habit of swinging on vines, his strength, heroesism, etc. About the only thing these two characters have in common is Tarzan and the fact that they both have a wife named Jane. Ron Ely's TV version is a bit of a compromise: Like Burrough's character, he speaks good English and is talented and suave in both cultures in a kind of JamesBondish way, but he's no Lord Greystoke, and there's no Jane. <br /> <br /> Well, this movie is in a third category of Tarzan movies, and I hope it remains a category of one because it's terrible. This category uses the character as a vehicle for, for all things, soft porn. Jane, played by the legendary bad actress Bo Derek, is in Africa looking for her father, the absent-minded professor who fights the jungle looking for something that is never mentioned. Even though her father had been missing for a long time, she found him effortless. Richard Harris as father is the best thing here; he sees the movie stupid, so he has fun overtime and hamming in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole's deliberately stupid performance in What's New Pussycat. Father explains the legend of Tarzan ("a kind of ghost or spirit," he says - either a steal from or an artistic attempt at greeting to King Kong) to his daughter, who at this time is unfamiliar with the monkey man. Shortly after, we hear the infamous cliché of the Tarzan scream. Father dies, which hardly seems to faze his devoted daughter much. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but says nothing. In fact, he says nothing during the whole movie. He and Jane fall in love and they rush around with almost nothing as she recites doggerel love-poetry off-screen. The end. It's the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; There is also a scene where Tarzan breaks unrealistically with a boa constrictor - a most unusual boa, as it is the only poison ever seen. Jane treats the bite with the help of a chimpanzee, which helps twist the garment she tears to tie the wound with (I'm not making up!), And it's just one of many excuses for her to put her clothes off. <br /> <br /> I always want to conclude a review by saying something positive, but this time it is difficult. Let's see ... Now it's unfair to criticize this movie for having an orangutan, though we all know orangutans don't live in Africa; After all, the classic Tarzan movies used all Indian elephants, didn't they? You must also admit that Bo Derek is beautiful in face and form. (But if so in hell did she not just make a career as an art model? What does it say about a movie when it becomes commonplace to look at a beautiful woman? In fact, I have not decided whether it is positive or negative that they never showed her branch.) But now I realize: Try as I might, I can't end up with a positive note. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie if you are a poor movie bird. I'm out here.
