Bo Derek could have had a career if she hadn't left her late husband, John, as her instructor. It's a real shame, not really, with the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Bo was okay. She would not win any prizes even in her best, but she is no worse than many an actress who has done it great in the last 15 years or so based on looks alone. But there was the problem, John was determined to ride the wave that Bo created with her appearance in 10 that Bo was the "perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America", "the sex symbol in the 1980s." The problem is in John's hands that this wave crashed with a resounding spout in just a few years. Perhaps he knew her limitations as an actress, perhaps why he made movies for her who concentrated on her body, not her acting skills. But it was getting really fast. It didn't matter to what the movies from John and Bo Derek are (let's be honest) really, really bad. And poorly summarizes on Edgar Rice Burrough's literary icon, Jungens Lord, Tarzan of the Apes. <br /> <br /> You know what's the worst? This movie is boring! Let me laugh, make me cry, just don't drill me. Not even Bo's amazing look and figure can arouse any interest, and that's what the film is of course built around. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were earlier in Orca btw) hammered it up and at least made his scenes interesting and Miles O'Keefe does a physically impressive Tarzan. Maybe he got the last laugh after being hit with a ton of poison from the critics over this movie, Miles went on to a solid career as a B-movie icon, in movies that were not great art, but a million times more fun than this . But apart from that, it's Bos's body, and you can only see it so many times before you long for something else to go with it. Tarzan the Ape Man has nothing else. John Derek was a really dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should have stayed with his strength. This movie unfolds in a soul numbingly slow pace and nothing really happens in the action scenes. Burroughs Tarzan was about excitement and desire fulfillment (who wouldn't be as flexible, strong and handsome as Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You don't get any of this here. See it and you will have wasted 107 minutes in your life. On second thought, you can get away with a valuable lesson on how not to handle other people's movie career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is okay in my book. She stood by John until her dying day, has a true love of animals and nature and even looks back with a giggle on her spotlight. She also proved that she is not the stupid blonde many want her to make her be. If she could survive Tarzan and Bolero, she could survive something. Then come back Bo, everything is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And, as a side, is Steve Strong, who plays the bad guy the same Steve Strong as a short pro wrestling career?
