This is a re-portrayal of Tarzan in Soloflex and Apocalypse now. There is nothing inherently wrong in using movies to ease moral limitations to portray an erotic page to Tarzan legend. There is nothing inherently wrong with the premise that Tarzan is not talking about. It is very wrong to suggest a woman who could get to an African jungle in 1910 could be so offensive stupid and plastic. Bo has as few lines as possible when organs are explored because this film is only a video centerfold, as neutral as possible, so you can project yourself and your ridiculous fantasies into the project. If it succeeds everywhere, it is in the influence that National Geographic has influenced the way the image of a Tarzan movie can be built. <br /> <br /> It would be ridiculous to argue that movies should not use the sexual teasing as ONE of many tools to draw in the viewers. Some great movie moments incorporate it. But this step is at the opposite end of the spectrum - the battle is the only thing going on here; at the time of its release and now. You sit through horrible, stupid scenes that give no interest, and miles of recordings of bad plays to plunge over the next look at both bodies. Yes ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (um, congratulations on having a working libido.) But if it's your excuse to give this schlock a good rating, you should really visit a porn store and fill up . There is only one hair width difference between the two formats and (I'm just guessing here), a horny viewer would probably really enjoy the latter. The question is whether a mainstream movie is the best place on the market for viewers to search for products that satisfy desire alone. <br /> <br /> As an exhibitor, John Derek has successfully capitalized on the sexual mystery developed over Mrs Bo in the movie "10"; and created a media event out of a low project whose only merit was the two leaders' hotness. The movie itself was next to that point. He was about 20 years ahead of his time thinking the audience would applaud him for making a creepy, superficial film that was merely about to show superficiality. As an instructor, John Derek seems to demand only the lady. Derek looks comfortable, empty and humpy in every scene. It is hidden shot. The camera location is annoying. With regard to editing, the entire 'dry' catalog is exhausted. The credit sequence is ugly. And it is a throw up who commits the worse screen violation; Bo Derek, who's such a bimbo, she can't even figure out how to play a bimbo or Richard Harris who shouts every line (which he likes to do) until you want to shoot him. At least at Bo you can imagine she blames a horny writer for shortening her.
