It's a big tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But it should not blind anyone for the fact that in 1981, a rather nasty spot appears on both men's CVs. No doubt, John Derek perceived that this movie made for his wife what "Some Like It Hot" and "One Million Years BC" did for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh respectively, creating an iconic sex symbol for the new decade. Having driven to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach in the '10' Bo's reputation, an all-star cast and placement film in Sri Lanka meant that nothing could go wrong. Alas, as they say, the plan kills and God laughs. It is said that when this film premiered in 1981, Edgar Rice Burrow's property tried to bring an action against it. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who goes out into the African Africa of the century to be reunited with his imprisoned father, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is an explorer who has set out to find 'The Great Inland Sea' the things of local legend whose existence has been poo-pooed by conventional wisdom. Harris is worth watching for a wonderful hammy, tanked-up performance that includes singing an Irish diny on an Indian elephant that somehow found its way into Africa (came at the same time as Orang-Utan from Sumatra ???) Moreover, although Jane preaches that despised Parker, Bo and Rich's relationship is eerily incestuous, perhaps testifying to the effects of tropical heat. But before long, local legends begin to circulate about a 'Great White Monkey' and Jane hears the famous yodel. This is the movie's cue for Miles O'Keefe, a future B-Movie star that makes a pretty weird debut as the pocket-clad Lord of the Jungle. Unlike Johnny Weismuller with his pidgin English or Ron Ely, who speaks the language flight, O'Keefe is Tarzan dumb. However, given some of Bo's and Richie's dialogue, it's probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan finally reach the Great Inland Lake, which lies on top of a giant plateau that seems to run halfway across Africa .... hang on, are not sea, lakes and other watery places that are usually located in low-lying areas? ? Nevermind, it's just one of many anomalies in the John Derek universe. The crew is trying to mount the rocks, and when the ropes snap, Harris owes roaring abuse to the effortless men who have died in their death. On another occasion, Jane decides to take a naked swim at Lake Inland, giving another opportunity to see something free naked. Without a place, a single lion appears. Now lions usually lure in pride and never go close to beaches, but later Tarzan will break with a (poisonous) boa constrictor. Zoology does not seem to have been one of John Derek's strong points ..... This is a Tarzan movie, Jane becomes enchanted by Jungens Lord and decides to take his virginity. But having seen his closeness to some of these chimpanzees, you need to wonder. Speaking of which, not only Edgar Rice Burrough's property could have sued. It is very likely that some primates were on the phone for their lawyers: the chimpanzees here make you miss Cheeta badly. Especially when they do ridiculous things like running on elephant rumors and clapping their hands when Tarzan and Jane finally get it on! The climate of this movie has Bo and Harris captured by some fairly stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / perform her. Suffice it to say that The Great Wooden Ape gets his girl and * SPOILER * Harris gets himself impressed by a great elephant burst! This does not stop the dying Parker from delivering a wandering monologue to Jane. As far as I know, the law of Rice Burrow's property was never materialized, but 'Tarzan The Ape Man' was crucified at the cashier's office (no fun?) A shame. John Derek could have directed 'Tarzan The Ape Man 2' with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe, who live in domestic bliss and Dudley Moore as 'Boy.'
