How this movie escaped MST3K's anger, I never know. "Gymkata" is a ridiculous action movie, filled (or is it empty?) With paper-thin spots, stupid characters, and scary situations. But take it from me if you enjoy watching bad but greasy movies, you'll enjoy "Gymkata" a lot. The action is centered around a gymnast chosen by government agents (at least I think they were government agents) to become a spy. You see that his father was another quasi-government agent who missed out on competing in this game, called eloquent "The Game." So the gymnast (the game gently by Kurt Thomas) took to compete in this game and find out what happened to his lost father. <br /> <br /> Sounds promising doesn't it? Okay, so it doesn't, but just bones plot sypnopsis doesn't begin to describe the joy of this movie. They can be found in the strange details of the film. As the gymnast's mysterious Asian girlfriend who does not speak for the film's first half-hour, suddenly begins to start talking and doesn't stay for the rest of the time! Or the really tough, shirtless bad guy who likes to make and break "The Game "'s non-existent rules when he looks delighted. And of course, our hero's lovely drum is through "The Crazies Village" (It's obviously the place is real name!). Nice place to visit, but I won't live there. <br /> <br /> But where this movie really shines is the action scenes. Since our protagonist is a gymnast, the instructor thought it wise to keep gym equipment in the backstones and urban areas of Middle Eastern cities, so our Gymkata master would be better able to use his gymnastics skills to fight the scourge of evil on parallel bars and pummel horses. It must be seen as believed. An interesting thing to note. Much, I would say about half of the cast, dies from being shot with an arrow. Interesting because the arrows are the only credible effects or actions throughout the movie. If these were really effects, then my one big note of compliment was to those who devised these very realistic arrows wounds. This was more likely to be the movie's way of not paying extras. Nevertheless, "Gymkata" deserves a look if you can see it without paying and looking for some dullness that is an easy target for riffing. <br /> <br />
