Like most people, I was drawn to buy this movie because of the images of the mighty Bolo Yeung who was plastered over the box and the assumption (from the above images and the movie title) that this movie is about the animal from East kickin 'ass for 90 minutes. <br /> <br /> But to my disappointment, Chinese Hercules to Bolo Yeung, what was no withdrawal to Jean Claude Van Damme and fearless Tiger was to ... erm, Bolo Yeung - maximum exposure on video box, minimal actual screen time! Oh good! Storyline is pretty basic, but it was well done - peaceful kung fu fighter (played by Chen Hui Min) accidentally beats a man and never promises to fight again. He then runs away to work as a worker at a pier where he impresses his employees with his powerful lifting ability, causing them to suspect that he is a formidable fighter (doesn't quite know how it works, but never minds). Meanwhile, the corrupt chief of the harbor has an agreement with gangsters, giving them exclusive use of the pier. As a result, the workers are thrown out of their ear and forced to live on the beach, joining their boss, gangster boss and his hulking henchman Bolo Yeung. <br /> <br /> While the film was totally attentive (mainly by waiting for the next glimpse of Bolo), I had some problems with it - firstly, the bad dubbing, but of course it's a given in old kung fu -movie. But also the film tends to draw between the various combat scenes. And as for the battle scenes themselves, I found them to be over-long, poorly choreographed (apparently by Jackie Chan!), Poorly shot and sometimes performed by people who did not seem to have any martial arts ability .... In fact, most were of the fighting in this movie not 'fight' at all, just people were beaten without giving any resistance! Finally the hero - played by Chen Hui Min. I have never seen any other movie with this guy in, but at no time was I rooting for him. Not only did he ever see tears and tears at all times, but I found his insistence not to worry disturbingly! I understood his mindset but he could have saved a lot of people a lot of pain if he had previously done what we all knew he would do eventually and fight! A bigger mystery was why this whole community of people stuck their hopes on a guy they never saw a fight! <br /> <br /> Really, the great saving grace in this movie was the presence of Bolo Yeung. Not only is he as big and brutal as ever, he has some great fun lines and gives the rest of the cast a master class on how to fight on movies. The guy oozes the screen's presence and you can easily see how he became a star. The guy scares my life out of me, but I'm sure I wasn't the only person to have seen this movie angry with Bolo all the time through the end game! <br /> <br /> All in all, a below-average kung-fu movie raised several big notches because of you-know-who. I never met someone who didn't think Bolo Yeung was great. The man is a legend !!
