I watched this movie on the History Channel today (in 2006). First of all, I understand that this is not a documentary film - that it is a drama. But one can hope that at least the critical "facts" that history turns on may be based on actual events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The movie got it right. Then, the dependence on facts falls due quickly. I had never heard of this movie until I saw it. Having been a reporter at the time of these events, I was surprised that I had never heard of Secretary Hig's bizarre behavior portrayed by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation had heard "I am in control ..." etc., but Dreufuss' Haig bully a corps and is completely out of control personally. After watching the movie, I began to examine the subject on the internet and quickly found the actual audio tapes and transcripts of most of the situation conversations that this film pretends to recreate. Incredibly many of the most important "facts" in the film meant showing a white house, secret service, etc. in all chaos - and the nation's leadership that behaves irrationally and runs the world near the nuclear war - is proven wrong. They didn't happen! There is internal conflict to be safe. Haig is wrong, his press room is historically regrettable and he is "difficult". But there is nothing approaching the scenes depicted in the film. There are too many gross errors to list, but any fair comparison of the recorded and written record and the imagination of this film asks the question what the producers really were trying to achieve. Enlighten? Inform? Entertain? I think they failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to express motives to others, but one must seriously question what was behind such a shameless invention. And for my beloved History Channel's "Reel to Real" follow-up documentary, there was hardly any mention of the issues that were the central focus of the movie - the events of the administration on the day of the recording. Then the viewer was left to examine them without much - if any - help from the network.
