I participated in one of the prizes last night and have the following remarks: <br /> <br /> 1. Just because you've directed lots of music videos doesn't make you qualified to make movies. The movie had an abundance of long-lasting shots that didn't make sense, horrible angles and awful lighting. The editing didn't help this mess at all. When "Dixie" appears late for the memorial, her mother tells of her hand, but it is never clear what heel she is talking about. <br /> <br /> 2. The reason had promise, but the script was thin and full of Ford Truck size holes. We never understand what drives the characters, what really lies behind the conflicts they all have with each other, or exactly how they solve them. Sixteen years of distance has been wiped out for 4 days apparently by magic. The deep conversations were destroyed by stupid clichés. (In fact, the whole city was a big cliché in southern life.) Half the crowd moaned when Toby pulled, "You've got the blood through your veins" ... and we were treated to the incomplete line not once, but twice ! Revelations were gaping, and the dramatic confessions were boiled down to "I was stupid and stubborn". <br /> <br /> 3. The action was okay considering the wreck of a script they had to work with. Toby was dark and broke most of the movie, but when he smiled and lit up, he was charming. It's a pity he didn't have more screen time like that. Kelly Preston's acting chops are pretty rusty and it shows. Lindsay Haun is talented and certainly not her fault, the authors have made her character so inappropriate at first that you do not blame her father for not looking for her. Burt Reynolds and Tess Harper were able to make more of this movie, but looked increasingly lost. (And their characters are lost in this movie!) <br /> <br /> 4. If you're a Toby fan, you'll love the songs. But often the film felt that a scene was forced in so that they could have one of his songs - or the artists on his record label. For example, the film's official love song is "Crash Here Tonight". You'd think it would live around a tender love scene, but no ... we hear about 45 seconds of it as he is heading for a memorial. It was as if they were saying "yes, we should use this song somewhere". The song "Broken" is scary and the best thing to get out of this movie. In summary ... a promising plot never fully evolves and the movie is terribly uneven as it tries to be a vehicle for Toby Keith's music and product placement for Ford Trucks. It goes from being about people who rebuild broken bridges to trying to be about the power of music, but the story is told so badly that both points are lost in this overgrown music video. I like Toby and really wanted to "Broken Bridges", but the people he expected to get this movie to let him down and deserve one of his famous boots, you know where.
