This 1970's television production with Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of how difficult it is to adopt "Jane Eyre" on the screen and how much can go wrong with it. It is true that the movie suffered from the transfer to DVD - some scenes that were complete in the original were shortened and so poorly edited that there are striking continuity gaps and that even a crucial scene between Jane and Rochester starts in the middle of a sentence! But even though editing was better, the movie wouldn't be. The writing is bad, the portrayal of the characters is unlikely for the novel, and almost all actors are miscast. As a result, one does not have the feeling of seeing an adaptation of Charlotte Bronte's novel at all. The problem is not just that a number of scenes are shortened or omitted - this is the case with all the short adaptations - but the remaining scenes do not conquer the tone, spirit, atmosphere and concept of the novel at all. For instance, this Jane Eyre completely leaves Gateshead and begins with Jane's arrival at Lowood. Although this is quite okay, as some scenes have to be omitted, it is not understandable that instead of spending the time (so to speak) and thoroughly portraying Jane's friendship with Helen, the influence of Helen on Jane's development , the lecture in Christian stoicism, which she teaches her, focuses the film almost entirely on the physical abuse of Helen, who is driven to absurd extremes in this adaptation. What Helen must suffer is bad enough as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison department, intentionally driving Helen to an early death. And it's all about everything that happens at Lowood. If you compare it to the deep impact of the years spent in Lowood on Jane in the novel, one can only regret that the film does not even touch the surface of that episode in Jane's life. And this is the problem throughout this adaptation: It hurries from stage to stage, very often without transition, and nowhere comes near the essence of the novel. The dialogues are a weird mix of compound lines and lines from the novel, very clumsy, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so short that both share only 5 minutes on the screen before they fall in love and the little conversation they have contains nothing of brilliance, intensity and also humor in the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the scriptwriter not only did Bronte's linguistic injustice, but also managed to destroy his moral line-up with only one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after the wedding, Rochester says: "But I once loved her (his wife) as I love you now." The entire moral concept of the novel relies on Rochester really being an innocent victim of an amoral system and was trapped in marrying a sour woman whom he never loved and that his efforts to find a true life partner are if not sanctified by the law of God and man, yet understandable and forgivable! But this one sentence completely undermines Bronte's entire carefully constructed moral concept and makes Rochester a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because his old one is no longer needed for him. <br /> <br /> From the errors about the script to the casting errors: Now I'm not in any way one of those who insists on physical similarity between an actor and the literary figure he depicts, but without imagination it is possible to see lovely blonde, blue -eyed and full-blown Susannah York as the novel's regular heroine. In addition, Mrs York was in her thirties when the film was shot and looked. The game of her, the novel's shy, reserved and inexperienced Jane, becomes a perfectly exhibited, graceful and mature woman, confident of herself and her deserts. I'm not saying Susannah York is not playing well and convincingly, but the woman she portrays is not Brontë Jane Eyre. Throwing George C. Scott as Rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a Rochester so old enough to make the 18 year difference in age between Jane and Rochester plausible. Scott looks as though he was about 50, but appears in various scenes as if he were 70 years old. To compliment the leading actors' "maturity", all the passion, desire and despair seem to have been deliberately widespread by the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the novel's emotional climax, has become a calm and rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane returns to him in the last scene, he is as mildly pleased as a grandfather who has just been visited in his elderly home by his favorite childhood daughter. The only sign that shows an appropriate amount of emotion is St. John, of all people. Ian Bannen plays him so passionately, and his eager assertion about Jane's love is so touching that one gets the impression that the gang modeled his St. John at the Rochester novel. But good, even though the Bannen is, is his St. John as far from the novel as York's Jane and Scott's Rochester. The only redeeming features of this very disappointing "Jane Eyre" are the rankings and the score, and I would only recommend this production to those who want to see and compare every adaptation of Jane Eyre.
