I watched this film at the Rotterdam Film Festival (Jan '06) and followed the discussion between director and public afterwards. Many responded shocked and protested. He will have many negative critics. But: The world is cruel like this, and it's not fun. People don't like it. That in itself does not mean that the film is bad. I can see the difference. Don't shoot messengers showing us the world outside our 'hubble'! Nevertheless, I think it's a bad movie. Film technology is good. Great shot and script, most suitable music, great actors. The director pretends to make a psychological film - however, psychology is of poor quality. Describing such strong violence in itself is not the art. The art would be a strong description of the psychological process behind this violence. How does a shy boy come to such cruelty? The director pretends to describe it - but it's not good at it. <br /> <br /> The director repeatedly used the word "egoism" by people and, for example, mentions the teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish - just a person in multiple roles, caring for his students, worried about his script. I think it is a simplification to call him selfish. The atmosphere in the village is eerie, and the mother made terrible mistakes ('you dread me terribly?') But it does not become credible to me that there is a lot of pain caused by the horrible boy coming to such terrible things. In fact, reality is far more complex than the way this film describes ?? And it needs far better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Describe this process for me so we understand. <br /> <br /> With the written phrase at the end, the director pointed to an alternative lifestyle. It was the second extreme and confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists promoting black and white thinking. The connection between violence in film and in society has been proven. Using such violence gives the responsibility for using it properly. There are probably black and white thinkers in the world that cause lots of war and misery. I hope this movie will not be successful.
