Violence, whether real or not always has influence. In this movie, the violence is as rough as you could ask for. In the great ecology, the director has successfully demonstrated which extremities of violence people are capable of. But what was the point? The violence looks like a mixture of Noë's 'Irreversible' and 'Kubrick's Clockwork Orange' ... both are remarkable films. Don't make me wrong, I'm not against screen violence at all, and I've seen some unpleasant things in my film years, but this movie as a whole is quite young. History has never been developed enough to give any reason for the extreme violence. Rizla's thin ground for Robert's death is his introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character, which is partly responsible for Robert's death, but he is on the screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is not able to cope with Robert's mother, I'm not sure what one of these actors is doing in a movie of this low caliber. The action is wood, the scene in the kitchen with the TV chef and his wife is so painful to see if no more than the shocking final - who wrote these dialogues?! Some of the comments the boys make ... 'look like she's enjoying it' are so tired of tempting one to laugh, if it wasn't for Clay's gratifying desire to bombard us with scary images of mutilated female genitals. Why should we be shown so detailed, possibly down to the director's youth obsession with sadistic pornographic images ... one can only wonder about this young person's psychology. <br /> <br /> The political significance of the movie was repeatedly drawn to the number of scenes; In the bar, outside the TV chef's house, the war in Iraq reported, perhaps too overtly, in my opinion. Yes, war is violent, social determinism causes frustration. We are all prone to horrific acts of violence, whether you are in politics or on the street popping E. If you summarize all these things as part of the same underlying topic, you avoid the real problem that is the meaning of violence in man. This problem is one that we still have not understood and certainly not in this movie. <br /> <br /> My opinion: Derivatives, poorly made and meaningless.
