I'm always cautious about taking an instant dislike for a movie. Look at it a month later, and you can see it differently or dig it up after 50 years on another continent, and some cult followers find something stylistically remarkable, which first became unnoticed. After sitting through Robert Carmichael's great ecstasy at his British premiere, it came as no surprise to me that I found the question and answer the session subsequently more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), with the help of the film director and producer, provided a tense defense of a movie than received a general negative response from the audience. The Edinburgh Festival crowd is not easily shocked. Only one person went into disgust. The critics of the film included highly articulated and constructive ones from the play public as well as an actor and a woman who teaches M.A. filmregissører. This was not an overly shocking movie. There was a degree of uninterrupted sexual violence, but far less extreme than many films (the most concrete weapon contact was hidden as it was induced by genitals). The audience did not like it because they had been sitting for two hours, which was rather boring, where the working standards were not high, where the plot was poor, predictable and pulled out, and where they had been exposed to clumsy and pretentious filmmaking on promises. about a controversial movie. Metaphors for the war in Iraq are constructed, overburdened and sloppy (except for a general connection to violence is a deeper meaning unclear); and the reference "fig-leaf" Marquis de Sade, as an audience says it, just seems a tokenistic excuse for lack of plot development towards the final. <br /> <br /> We have the story of a youth who has a certain amount of going to him (he stands out in school for his musical ability) but takes drugs and hangs out with young people who have nothing or nothing for them and whose criminal activities extend to rape and violence. When he is pressed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence inside him. <br /> <br /> The movie is not without profit. The audience is back to decide how Robert got that way: was it his peers' influence? Why did all the good influences and concerns of parents and teachers not include him in a better approach to life? Cinematically, there is a carefully mounted scene where he hangs back (whether there are too many drugs, shame, a latent sense of morality or just waiting for his turn?). Several of his friends rap a woman in a back room, partially gleaming and framed in the middle of the screen. In the foreground of the shiny bones, a DJ is more concerned that the girl's screams are interrupting her happy house music than with any woman's thinking. In the end he is a little annoyed if their activities attract the attention of the police. The harsh compilation of serious headphones enjoying his music, even when he knows rape is happening, points to his utter disdain in a deeply disturbing way. Robert slumps his back to us in the foreground. But the rest of the movie, including its supposedly controversial climax, involving significant (if not too realistic) sexual violence is not up to this standard. Some people have had a strong reaction to it (the filmmakers' abandoned intention: "If they cast out, we have managed to produce a reaction"), but for the most part - and as far as I can say, the Edinburgh reaction seems to mirror reports from Cannes - They feel, "Why have programmers exposed such a poorer quality film production?" Director Clay Hugh can speak spoken but has not developed artistic vision. His answer to keeping a mirror alive to tell the truth about things being swept under the carpet, even his defense, that there is little plot development because he didn't want to make a standard Hollywood movie - everything is good answer to criticism, But unfortunately, they do not apply to his film, more than they do to keep a mirror while someone fails or wastes movies while playing with symbols. Wanting to give him the benefits of a long-standing doubt, I spoke to him for a few minutes after the screening, but I found him as uncomfortable as his movie and soon moved to the bar to wash my mouth out with something more important. There are many truths. One aspect of the art is to educate, another to entertain, another to inspire. I had asked him if he had a social or political agenda and he mentions Ken Loach (one of the many big names he takes in vain) without going so far as to admit any agenda himself. He then falls back on his mantra that his job is telling the truth. I'm back with the feeling that this was an over-ambitious project for a new director, or an inappropriate attempt to sit down on the map by committing second-rate advertising <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could paint a tin of soup and it was art. Clay Hugh would like to emulate the great directors who have made controversial cinema and pushed boundaries. Unfortunately, his ability at present only extends to making audible excuses for a commercial.
