I didn't see it long ago and I have to say: This movie is horrible. I watch crazy movies for fun. Scarecreow is not fun. Birdscream is stupid. You have an incredible corny villain who enjoys screaming horrible proverbs when he kills his victims (actually worse than the one contained in this sentence). He has his luck and happiness story that he uses to justify his killing. "Everyone chooses on me. The only girl who thinks I'm not a trailer garbage likes one of the guys who choose me. I want to kill everyone. Wah." OK, I'm exaggerating. But the prerequisite for this movie alone is enough to put it near the bottom of the crappy movie list. <br /> <br /> The addition to what I just said, the baby's mother is promiscuous, he enters his mother and her current boyfriend gets it, her mother's boyfriend tells him to leave, child refuses to insist that he Don't want to leave her own house. Girlfriend chasing child in corn field. He kills child right in front of mother, mother screams in horror, girlfriend is like, "OMG! I didn't mean that!" Then he tells Mom not to say anything to the police about it. Kid was killed during a scarecrow. So like a child being murdered under a scarecrow, he comes back as a killed scarecrow with revenge. His victims "have not been stalked like this before ..." (Scarecrow's official roof line) <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, this movie was filmed in a giant 8 days. That's right, 8 days. I was going to give this movie a 2 because, in spite of itself, it has one or two release moments. (They are spoilers, so I won't spoil it for you if you actually want to see this crap.) I could have forgiven the bad play, the terrible special effects, the unpleasant script and the bad camera work, but I have simply no respect for lack of effort at that level. <br /> <br /> This movie is almost not as good as I do it to be. If you want to see an example of how not to make a movie or if you enjoy watching bad movies as I do, watch this at your own risk. Everyone else should always be a safe distance away from this movie.
