I'm not sure what penetrated me into the cinema to watch this movie, but a few minutes after it started, I wanted to leave the theater. For a moment I hoped at least the story would surprise me, but then realized it's a waste of time, there was just nothing there. I was only because I had another show after that. Design: some designs where it was pretty beautiful, mostly of the environment, but the characters were terrible both in animation and design. They look good yet - on posters and screenshots, but not when they come to life! They just didn't work, mostly because the same mistake that most 3D companies make: technically it is very difficult to create truly natural materials in 3D that make you feel that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (thus money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, fabric, etc. These characters in the movie were made of "cloth" and it just didn't work! So they had this ugly cold sense of computer artificiality, where the cloth extends or squeezes like a piece of plastic. It just doesn't have the feel of a material that dolls are made of (that's what these characters meant to be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. It just had a sense of a 3D shoot'n'run computer game. I don't want to go to the cinema to have a computer game on my screen, don't know about you ... Animation was also a disgrace. I am a professional animator and was terribly disappointed with the low animation level in "9". It was stiff, boring, lacking almost any imagination or mood. It was just a little over most average 3D animations I saw, and it adds nothing good ... <br /> <br /> And all that - the bad character design and the bad animation could be solved with a good history, right?! That was not the case here. In fact, the story was the worst thing in that movie. It was below any level. It starts straight forward, it goes straight ahead and it ends the same. There is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogues, even no development. We have heard and experienced stories of machines that overtook mankind thousands of times, and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the first minute of that movie. The signs don't even have time to get into the story - they're just there and showing up almost instantly, and immediately some of them take actions without even learning what to do. It just didn't work. There are also many repetitive action sequences that looked like they were made to fill in the time for missing history ... <br /> <br /> Acts, sound and script - oh my gosh, what can I tell it was pathetic . Poor history has a bad script, and except dialogs like "No, don't!" "I'll do it!" "But ... you can't do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we must save him!" etc etc and so on and repeat all the time, so besides the terribly pathetic dialogues there were the unstopped "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh" and "Oooh" and "Whatchout" and "Run!" and "oh ohh!" that followed almost every leap, leap or fall in the characters, and even sounded like they were out of sync or even unrecovered. Conclusion: bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad sign, everything expected, no surprises, no twist, nothing. Only some good designs are not worth the time. Great no!
