I can't seriously believe Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people I love, signed to produce this crap. Tim Burton is a brilliant instructor, but to be honest I have lost interest in him some time since his last few films were either remakes or adjustments. He produced the brilliant "Nightmare Before Christmas", which I have seen several times, and directed movies like "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", which are amazing movies. Bekmambetov instructed 3 movies that I love: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I've only seen the three of his, but they turn out to be a great instructor. These two people produce one of the many reasons I was excited to see 9. So today I went to see it at the theater. I was so excited to finally have seen it. I had waited 7 months for the movie to come out. <br /> <br /> This movie is the first time I've gone out of a Tim Burton related movie and said "I almost didn't enjoy it". I felt heartbreaking for having felt that way myself. I mean with him and Bekmambetov on the production helmet you'd expected this movie to be a good watch. Right now I still can't get over how failed I was with this movie. I hadn't even heard of the original short film before I saw it, but now I can successfully say that this movie should have been a short movie. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made an AWESOME full length remake by Alive in Joburg entitled District 9, what was so hard to get right around 9 ??? I would really think this movie was amazing. I really did. But no, it failed on so many levels. <br /> <br /> The reason was extremely confusing and inconsistent. I had no idea what was going on, let alone what it was about. Basically, it is about a bunch of rag dolls trying to save the earth. Well, okay, that's what I got from it. But the writing here is extremely poor. The whole movie runs around as a 6 year old with A.D.D. tells a story. There is this huge, giant clanky monster robot that awakens 9, causing destruction and things. It's the biggest villain. But what's more wrong with this movie is that everything comes out now. There were too many monster robots, most of whom have no logical explanation behind them. They have 0 development at all. I think flying pterodactyl as a monster just cries out of nothing, we have no idea where it comes from, and Acker just expects us to know what it is. What was even more retarded was the snake-like creature with the stroking eyes that hypnotize. I dare to give that description to others highly and expect them not to laugh. All the 3 people I told about it burst out laughing. Oh, it breaks the victims up and sews them inside it. I AM. DOES NOT. KIDDING. <br /> <br /> The Twist in Act III is the most retarded aspect of the entire movie. So basically 9 goes back to the room he woke up in, finds this box with a hologram from the scientist in it to 9, and he tells him that the big scary machine robot was designed to bring the robot life to the ground, but then evil people use it for war, and it should help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so it could help protect the world with it. AND IF ONLY MENTIONS GIVE HIS LIFE TO 9. But what about the other robots? Who gave their lives to them ???????? This is the perfect example of bad, hasty writing. There is only one of the deadly things that exists, so how did the other 8 lives to them ??????? The signs are also not pleasant. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good character is 7. 6 annoyed me with his "GO BACK TO THE SOURCE !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is an overwhelming idiot, 2 we know nothing about, 5 kept me annoying with his "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here instead ...?" questions. And it ends? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks the end was a great WTF moment. There is nothing to solve about this turd except for its beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I love the gloomy and depressing look of everything. However, the beauty cannot save a good movie. <br /> <br /> Although it is true that this film is very beautiful, it is just as beautiful and 9 is creaking. I'm sure Burton fans will flock to the theater to see this movie without a doubt. In fact, with his and Bekmambetov's names being thrown around the promoters, people will flock to the theater to watch this movie. I know I can make a big thing out of nothing, but in this movie I realized how much I hate odd-character movies, non-existent plot and just plain style of content. And this movie is one of those movies.
