First of all, this movie is not a complete disaster. If you had never heard of the real story of Gram Parsons, then it may seem like a reasonable entertaining diversion. Johnny Knoxville can't really be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he's pretty good at looking laid-back and down to earth and you can kind of mess for his long-suffering everyman. Michael Shannon is largely due to the same reasons, unless he is a hippy stoner. There are some good individual comic scenes - hippy-hearse crashes into the airport hanging door. But this is where the good stuff ends and we begin to see the aspects that make this movie so disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as Gram's actual father is an invention that is so shameful that he throws all over the film. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could probably be compared to Gram's life on the edge of a better movie maker. Having Forster as his supposed true father and not his founder would be bad enough, if not for the well-known problems Gram had with the man who actually flew to gather his body. It has been suggested that his father-in-law had admitted to giving Gram's mother alcohol when she was dying and that furious Gram when he later found out. Also, the controversy over where Gram's body was buried would certainly be reason enough not to invent a benevolent father who actually catches up with the duo and their lighting, but allows them to continue burning. Regardless of the truth about the man from whom Gram was named Parsons, he certainly has no resemblance to Forster's character here, and it's hard to see why this role was written. Then there is the addition of Christina Applegate as a greedy chicken (nevertheless very nice of course) who wants back to Gram's body so she can start making money on her property. Her character and her acting are non-existent, and you wonder why the director didn't just walk the whole horse and include a lesbo scene between her and chicken playing Kaufman's boyfriend (it wouldn't have lowered the tone much more). When you think of the ingredients that could have been used in a good movie about Parsons, the shortcomings of this movie are easily apparent. Country music is changed by a young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also long-haired, drug-bearing, popular with the ladies and ultimately self-destructive. Real events such as hangover door crashes and painted hearers and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we must concentrate entirely on Kaufman's input to Gram's life. Of course, Kaufman is still throwing up the cult status he received for what he did (he's definitely a little cult). From interviews, it is obvious that he is fond of attention. Remember this is the man who made a remark about the genitals of the naked play of Gram Parsons as he prepares to set it up. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but a doped alcoholic escapade. Looking at Knoxville and the director in interviews, a few things also become apparent. It is obvious that they have no real understanding of the history of Gram's life, nor do they want to. They want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy. It was a fantastic life with a strange end. That the end is the only thing covered by this movie shows how limited an understanding of Gram Parson's creators was.
