If you are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, then this movie will definitely share you! Share comedy, subway movie, but mostly a poor fictionalization of one of rock's most strange stories. SPOILERS-- <br /> Basically, the story of a well-known roadie named Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville), which "apparently" made a pact with cult rock / country / folk hero Gram Parsons, said when one of them died first (it was no matter which one it was) the other living was to take the deceased into the desert, Joshua Tree National Park in California to be precise and set the body on fire ... for to free the spirit and become one with the earth and so on! Sure to keep his word the barely sober Kaufman, with the help of a self-healing potty buddy, the body of the late Parsons - who had been killing excessively from a drug and a syringe leg one day earlier from the airport - is good enough. And shortly after what follows, a cringe-worthy combination of fiction and truth, where the late Parsons girlfriend, Kaufman's boyfriend, Parson's stone-born father, and a gaggle of police officers and other meaningless idiotic characters are all trying to beat the clock ) In an attempt to catch Kaufman and his companion before getting the chance to fax Parson's body! <br /> <br /> The movie's incompetent direction, poor acting and lame offbeat tone generally lower this movie faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the huge fact that this movie does not even halfway tell the truth about the actual events that took place. The accuracy that should have replaced the inaccuracies, as far as I have heard them, includes: number 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child, so what in hell did it all with boyfriend's and chasing and whatnot? ., Kaufman's drug comrade was a well-known willing participant (as opposed to what the film is trying to portray) in the disposal of Parson's body and finally number 3. Gram Parson's real father died when he was just a boy, and then it was the priest's grandfather ( who could honestly have looked less like Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in real life, taking care of the body after it was burned! All in all, what probably disturbs me most about this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually set to help with the facts of the story. And yet, the film ended up being so untrue and so bad that it really bogged down my mind, honestly! <br /> <br /> Also, as the mediocre aforementioned play in the movie, it's the lead character played by the ultralitre Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), not only is a bad actor, but it actually seems like he was sleeping for the most part of the movie, and the rest of the pathetic cast is mostly either hysterical, brain dead or seems quite unclear what they actually do there in the first place! All in all, if you like Johnny Knoxville and or really dig the so bad-the-not-good friends flicks then I guess you can just get a kick out of this movie! But if you are like me and a fan of the late Gram Parsons, you can enjoy movies trying to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they are based on a real story in reality and if you just like good Movies, weather-them-movies or fictional slice-of-life things, you will really win this movie and advise others to do the same. Of course I hated this movie and wanted it to have never been made in the first place, but when it was made, I would have preferred it to be different from what it unfortunately did! Perhaps one day, the real facts of the story will come through and become a really good biopic on the whole Gram Parsons life ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit left it. But until that time, all of us as an audience, and or fans of that late coming, are this sad film and an awful memorial (of varieties) to the musical heritage that Gram Parsons was known to have left behind. It should also be noted that they actually used Parsons music, and also a few others in the girl, but not surprisingly, you'll never hear enough of it to really enjoy it even in the smallest bit. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
