From Q&A before and after, this is what I could collect: Some Irish guy will make a movie. Nothing special, just a movie. So one evening at a party he hears some ex-roadie telling him a classic piece of rock n 'roll lore; the one about how Gram Parsons' body was stolen from LAX by his loyal roadie, so he could honor Parson's wish that he was cremated into Joshua Tree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (well, country), digging robbery, escape, friendship, 70's! I suppose we could get Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass" because it's a bit quiet and Knoxville will also make a movie. Why he must have thought he had the next "Snatch" on his hand! <br /> <br /> But this story isn't that exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to fight against. Like a psychotic girl company after his money! But Parsons' was married at that time. It's OK, no one knows. In addition, we could get Christina Applegate. But what if the audience doesn't like the idea of ​​stealing a corpse. Well, we get his father to participate in the hunt, but finally give permission. But Parson's father killed himself when he was 10, in fact his orphan status and tragic childhood are key elements of the Parsons mythology. Mythology? We make "A movie!" This is creative problem solving. <br /> <br /> It is an unpleasant experience for anyone who is unaware or interested in the subject. Applegate's presence doubles jarring. First, her invented character is a Beverly Hills bitch before her time - they might as well have walked the whole movie a cell phone in her hand, and secondly, what kind of man would Parsons be if he had ever associated with it kind of harpy? Facts are not just distorted or omitted, but REVERSED. They could easily have found the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPfather who tried to whip their body back to their home state, where the law would favor him sharing the great heritage. <br /> <br /> And the music, oh, the music I love. The music is hacked up (the bridge of a song here, the choir there), forced to the background and finally terribly covered by the hippest new indie band, Starsailor. My boyfriend asked the unnecessary but irresistible question after the movie - was there anyone up there, the author, the producers, the director, actually a Gram Parson fan? So no. He had never actually heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, among other things, I learned to love it, and here are some factoids I read in a bio online. Another guy vouched for Parsons' coolness by saying he and Keith Richards stumbled on acid and wrote "Wild Horses" together, a mixed mass of facts as off-base as the movie. Another person asked, was it not morally questionable to rewrite history, as most would only know about it from this movie? Well, he had the right roadie's permission (he was even set) and Parsons Estate gave permission, and all these other people who got paycheck said it was amazing. But what I was really wondering about was, and asked in the disgusting trembling voice of a truly carefree Parsons geek, if the movie was so cheaply made (one million), had they not considered the original Gram Parsons fan base as the audience? The director and author seemed to think he was a no-fanbase number, although I doubt a Mojo magazine, the country rock 70's music fan would agree. But a bunch of Britons did what I guess, and they just didn't care about cosmic American music or even knew it existed. This is not just a truthful Parson's flick, it's not even in the right spirit - it doesn't even fit the doctor. At least it should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people want to know it. <br /> <br /> I should mention that the movie was well received from the mass of stony college kids, right off the hills and into Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a Parsons fan, ignoring the title, it's just a movie for Jackass's fans.
