"Raw Force" is like an ultra-sleazy and perverted version of Love Boat, with extra Kung Fu battles, demented cannibalist monks, trading in white slaves, energetic zombies, and a lot of miserable appearances. No wonder this movie was included in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience 20 Movie Box Set". It has everything exploitation fanatics are looking for, blending in a completely incoherent and seemingly impromptu script! The production values ​​are extremely poor and the technical aspects are pathetic, but the amount of free violence and sex can hardly be described. The movie opens at a tropical sunny place called Warriors Island, where a soldier of snowing monks raises the dead without any apparent reason other than turning them to Kung Fu warriors. The monks also buy sexy slaves from a sleazy Hitler look-like businessman, probably because the woman's meat delivers them with the necessary forces to increase their zombie army. Tourists on a passing cruise ship, among them three martial arts fighters, a female LA policeman and a whole bunch of hectic but pounded ladies, are attacked by Hitler's lighthouse goons because they planned an excursion to Warriors Island. Their lifeboat washes the island on the island anyway, and the monks challenge the survivors to a battle test with their zombies. Okay, how does that sound like a crazy midnight horror movie mess? It's not over yet, because "Raw Force" also has piranhas, wild boat orgies, Cameron Mitchell in yet another embarrassing lead role and 70's exploit duke Camille Keaton ("I spit on your grave") in a totally insignificant cameo look. There are lots of poorly realized gore, including ax massacre and behemoth, hammy jokes and bad taste romance. The trash for this movie will literally leave you speechless. The background of the evil monks naturally remains inexplicable, and they are not even punished for their dubious hobbies. Perhaps this is why the movie stops with "To continue", rather than "The End". The sequel never came unless it was so unclear IMDb didn't even mention it.
