Scarecrow is set in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered the local geeky geek of both teachers and fellow students. The poor child suffers daily humiliation, bullying, justice, and general honor that destroys abuse in the hands of his peers. Unfortunately, he does not find much support at home, since his mother is a slam, and after Lester irritates one of her blocs, he chokes him in a corn field and strangles the poor child. But something magical happens (no, the movie doesn't suddenly get good), Lester's spirit is transferred to the scarecrow of corn, which he then uses as a body to avenge those who harassed him and made his life hell ... <br /> < Co-written, co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier, who, according to the IMDb credit list, also has a role in the film as a person called Mr. Duforq, although I can't remember any character of this name, I suppose everyone who ends up looking at the IMDb pages for scarecrows will certainly be aware of the horrible reputation and I have to say pretty much deservedly since It is terrible. The script from Itier, Bill Cunningham & Jason White uses the often told story of one of the losers of life, who is picked and plagued for no good reason to avenge himself by supernatural means in a relatively straight forward teenager's sleep. We've seen everything before, we've seen killed scarecrows before, we've seen faceless teenagers being killed by one before we've seen one of life's losers avenge before we've seen wise blasting villains making jokes when they kill before and we have seen incompetent small town Sheriff's make matters even worse before. The only real question to answer scarecrow is whether it is fun to look at a stupid teenage slasher type level? The answer is a resounding no to be honest. The film has horrible character, horrible dialogue, an inconsistent and predictable story, it has some cheesy one-liners that when scarecrow kills someone with a spade, he asks, "Can you dig it?" & the so-called twist ending that is geared to leaving things open for a sequel is just paralyzed. The movie moves together at a reasonable pace, but it's not that exciting and the killings are forgettable. You know, I'm still trying to figure out how to be stabbed and killed with a stick of corn ... Director Itier doesn't do anything very well here, the kitten scenes are poorly handled without buildup whatsoever, which means there's never been any tension that within two seconds after a character is introduced, they are killed. Also I'm not happy with the killer scarecrow guy doing all those back-flips & somersaults through the air in scenes that feel like they belong in The Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu flick! To give it some credit, the actual scarecrow mask looks really good, and he looks pretty cool, but he does get a little to do, except to tear bad one-liners and spin around in a little. Don't you think it was boring to be tied to a wooden board in the middle of a corn that was filed all day? I know he's a dead scarecrow, but I still say he would have bored just hanging on a wooden stick all day! There is no nudity and gore is nothing to write home about, there is a beheading, the other's face is burned, a person is killed with a corn steak, someone gets a shovel stuck in his throat, some centuries stuck in people's heads, someone has their heart ripped out and someone has a metal thing stuck through the back of their head that comes out of their mouth. <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of about $ 250,000 this apparently was shot for 8 days, at least they wasted no time on insignificant things like history and character development. Technically, this is largely point, shoot and hope for the best things. If you look at the guy on the floor who has just got his heart ripped off, you can clearly see him still breathing ... The actor sugar, the guy who played Lester's mummy blocks, has the most stupid wig and false mustache, ever because he played two roles in the movie and decision makers needed to pamper him, but they ended up getting him looking ridiculously and not getting me off with his accent ... Scarecrow has a few fun moments & scarecrow itself a good creation with good special make-up effects, but as a whole the film is poorly made, badly acted, silly, too predictable and very cheesy. If you want to see a big killer scarecrow flick then check out Scarecrows (1988). Not to be confused with Gene Hackman & Al Pacino movie Scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming horror flick Scarecrow (2008) currently in production. Scarecrow proved popular enough on home video to spawn two more directly to video follow-ups, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) & Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
