Let's be honest, should we? Al Gore no longer really care about the environment than most people care about contacting footstools. It's a hook! Don't make a mistake, Al Gore is a politician! Three years ago, he was busted / billed in his home state with 70 mph in a 55 mph zone that does not run a hybrid, a Yugo or even a GM Metro but a LINCOLN (go google it if you want)! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore & his Hollywood friends continue to use a private fuel-guzzling jet to attend the premiere of "An Inappropriate Truth." So much for conservation huh, Al? Yet it takes only a moment to look subjectively at "An Inappropriate Truth" and discover the basic fundamental error. While the film parades many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience the effects of supposed "global warming", there is no scientist to tell us the supposed cause of it. For example: I can take a hundred people out to a parking lot and they can point to a car that is not driving properly. BUT can they tell you with any degree of security why? Generally not! Another mistake, how accurate were the weather instruments 100 years ago (the toilet was not even invented yet)? What did they have, a June bug in a box? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? Therefore, how do we know with any degree of certainty that the planet becomes "warmer" when the records of yesteryear are at best questionable? Or that man is the only reason for that? The answer is we are not & Science is never agreed. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine prepared a cover for a "New Ice Age". The truth is, any 6th grade science teacher who is well versed in Earth science will tell you that volcanic disturbances, Solar Activity & El Ninos, have more to do with our eradicating climate change changes than suggested "Global Warming." Finally, what Al Gore fails to address is sufficiently; Even if America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al & implement everything he recommends, how do we get the rest of the world to follow when we don't even get them to agree on something as obvious as terrorism? Answer: It's wishful thinking, Mr. Gore and you are a former VP in the US know it! If the people who produced "An Inappropriate Truth" were really honest, they would have the title of their movie "Al Gore Will Be Attentive." But what I really want is that someone should ask the former VP this; Why were two of the world's largest polluters (AKA China and India) excluded from complying with the Kyoto agreements? Anyway, I hear the producers of A.I.T working on their next movie entitled "Gnomes, Fairies & Elves: Our Endangered Friends."
