An inconvenient truth is as completely simplified and demagogic as the turgid slop created by the healthy and idiotic Republicans. It winds along intangible lines until it tries to swallow something into your face, namely that we will all be dead in a few hundred years, which is already undeniable, but who cares, people are selfish, destructive creatures, I eat sincerely not my time worrying about human extinction. I just call it a "natural progression". Let the apocalypse begin, but in the meantime, we have to listen to the same rage, oblique politicians who suggest another "new society". Well, let's not be fooled, we'll all still be controlled by the rich, by the powerful and by the idiots who first created the disasters. Nothing will always change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is evident in the movie as he is driven in a gas-powered car all by himself using a consumer computer, he also lives on large acres of land in a rather large mansion was itself The area used for destructive erosive purposes, including cattle, tobacco, pig farming (which accounts for methane gas tracks) and who knows what else is his wealth is based on exploitation, greed, and his investments include many large world-wide companies with debatable records. I hardly think that this man is qualified to mislead the less fortunate, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, all of it while he is sending out the same bile-like characteristics that make politics and politicians looked awful. This bozo happens to live the pleasant life, and yet does he refine poor people in Africa about crop farming and cutting and burning techniques? He travels all over the world in prime locations in fuel-jet jets, using product-placed computers in the documentary, yet he thinks everything is a "moral problem". He is completely absorbed in his own counterfeit nightmare, he says he came to these conclusions because of his sister's death (from tobacco-induced cancer and his son's near death with a car of all things). Did he fight against the tobacco companies or suggest that cars be banned because they are dangerous caving machines? NONE. Everything must serve the "economy", so why is he different, the answer is that he is not. <br /> <br /> His accomplished and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are disastrous, all this while being filmed in the woods or along a small river evades obsolete life-giving quotes. Well, Mr Gore, why don't you try to live like the ordinary people then? He is a politician, pure and simple, he has a career invested in the power structure. My question is why is he not concentrating on the powerful industrial countries on earth due to most complications? He does not do so because it would be unwise for "investments, stocks and companies". <br /> <br /> Al Gore gives monotonous lectures on the subject in the documentary, namely to rich white people in the audience, who clapped cue while showing them graph charts, numbers and percentages and speaking in a sad tone, no one can without A Harvard (as the elite controls) education makes sense, but he tells us everything that comes to hell. It's not fun, but I think he fails to account for this problem precisely in the approach that capitalism has taken for the planet, namely, that it is consumable and a dump. He never once mentions industrialization has created these problems, he just wants to put mild bandages on them but does not eradicate the whole repressive system. It is evident that he was pampered, sent to the elite schools, and has the same basic temperament of politics as any other inconsistent, inconsistent dullard in Washington. Anyone who made this propaganda, since it is no different from what the Republicans have thought, had only goals in mind that were governed by capitalist impulse. That is, anyone benefits, and it seems like the "new green" politicians who support venture capitalist companies that buy hordes of land in an attempt to develop the "new utopian future" with "new technologies". It's the same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elitist structure, he actually thinks there is a "democracy" in the United States that I find very naive. If we do not pay salaries to the oil companies, we pay them to the wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> I find the speech at the end quite crazy, like anything GW Bush would have oozed over to the stupidly worn-out masses, Gore talks about "people who unite to defeat communism" in the 1990s What it was to do with global warming, absolutely nothing, but he tries to get basic emotions that hold people. That being said, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, the systems of Europe and the Soviet Union were merely a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less different from what controls American interests. Social ecology was not even mentioned here, which is really a travesty. To change the world, dispose of the ancient systems based on greed, exploitation, and violence.
