Well, maybe the PC version of this game was impressive. Maybe. I just finished playing the PS2 version and it's pretty much a complete mess. <br /> <br /> There are a few items that are okay or promising. I will mention them first because it will be over quickly. First, the idea of ​​a historical GTA-like game is good. The game Gun was a historic GTA-like game and unlike Mafia, Gun was excellent. I'd like to see a game set under the Mafia era done right. Next, the storylin is well written. The story makes sense, it has dramatic arches, it uses an unusual device (much of the game as a backstory), and it's interesting. Finally, some of the graphics - especially those used during cutscenes - are impressive. Mafia's designers seemed to focus on getting the graphics right in the places where GTA skimp on this effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the graphics stink a little and I would much rather have excellent gameplay than impressive-looking characters. The gameplay is what lowers this title so low. First, the controls and the camera turn off completely. It must be the first focus of any game developer. You cannot release a game where the controls and / or the camera sucks. Number one, there is no reason why the player's character, Tom, cannot have his full range of motion controlled by the left analog stick. Unless absolutely necessary, and I almost have nothing I hate the setup, where the left stick moves the character in a "strafing" way, and the sign can only rotate using the right analog stick. Here it is not only unnecessary, it makes most of the simplest actions a challenge. For example, Tom has to climb a few missions. But the game is designed so badly that you need to frustrate both the right analog stick and the camera, and then press L1 every time you have to climb or Tom will fall. <br /> <br /> Next, I've never seen a worse combat system. The first problem is that you can't automatically target or lock any targets. At an early stage, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to lock on targets, but it never worked. So, to focus on any enemy, you must fight with the stupid right analog stick and try to continue adjusting both the character's orientation and the camera, which tends to drift to the wrong angle or make Tom disappear all the time. At that time you will probably be hit or killed. <br /> <br /> Next, if you touch or almost touch an enemy - and that will certainly be the case for hand-to-hand combat or when using melee weapons, the combat system - which is primarily tapping or holding R1, is completely inoperable. Enemies can snuggle you almost in a bear hug, but you just can't move unless you go back. So close to the battles tend to consist of you yanking on the left analog stick, shouting at the character to move away, which it will not do 50% of the time and then pressing R1 as much as possible before the enemy gets too close again and makes R1 useless. And if the enemy changes their angle in the meantime, you will also struggle with the right analog stick to get your character oriented in the right way and to get the camera in place so you can see something. At that time you will probably be pummeled or shot again and your only option is to try to move the character away again. My battles often consisted of making Tom run circles around an area like a comedy film, hoping I could have enough time to fight with the analog stick and get a few shots before I am at AI's mercy again. So much for realistic combat. <br /> <br /> And the same issues and more exist when trying to fight weapons. If you touch someone, half of the time that the controller just doesn't allow you to turn off a shot, but they can still get you full of holes. In addition, there is no automatic target, and the target is ridiculously sensitive, even with the sensitivity set to zero under Options. Gunfights tend to consist of you hopelessly trying to aim or move away while the enemy shoots after shooting into you. Fortunately, damage seems to have been recorded almost randomly. It can take one to ten shots or more for inappropriate, and there is no rhyme or reason for it. You can put five shots in the enemy's head and a close shiny assortment, and they'll still come back and hurt you. Nevertheless, the game designers seemed to break enough about realism than they did a recoil in your aiming system, so after shots with strong enough guns your goal will float away from the target and you'll have to fight it again. <Br /> <br /> Regarding the famous graphics, with the exception of the characters and textures that you are close to, they are actually quite disappointing. The distance always appears to be empty, and there are often extensions of flat colors and textures nearby when driving. The city was not very well designed. It is not varied enough and there are not many interesting things to see or do. The cars look slow and they are difficult to control. They also all run the same thing. Some have mentioned the music, but it was also quite unnoticed. A much better work could have been done at that end. Also, as many others have mentioned, the load times are ridiculous and constant. They tend to be over a minute long and they appear between and in the middle of everything - even running. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Mafia port for PS2 seems to have been very hasty at least. The game feels and plays like an incomplete hack job.
