The action in this movie stinks. The reason gives very little meaning, but from what I gathered it must be about this scientist who develops the ability to transform people's personal things into small steel balls that then fly into their mouths and turn them into zombies (or blow up their heads , depending on). And the effects are also miserable. Most of the film consists of bad music, where the actors dance just as badly to the bad music, interspersed with several boring sex scenes. This should be one of the worst things ever made, but for one thing. An element of shear brilliance that makes "Nightmare Weekend" stand above all others. And the special quality is the presence of George. <br /> <br /> George is the gracious interface device between the researcher's daughter, Jessica, and the home computer's security system. With his green hair and nose, balding scalp and heart-shaped mouth, George's engagement angel / confidant is to Jessica, asking him for advice on how to meet guys in one of the most dramatic pieces of dialogue ever trapped on celluloid. With her monotonous synthesized voice, George Jessica tells how many percent men men prefer women in white dresses, and also the hitch hikes are the third best way to meet boys for discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica can't seem to be bothered because George performs the "Emergency Program Code: Protection Jessica", resulting in the violent death of Jessica's wild attack through one of the above-mentioned steel balls. <br /> <br /> Kubrick was a great fool to believe he could give a computer personality using close-ups of a red light. HAL should have been represented by our friend George in order to better translate compassion for his possible death. The light show at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how much better would that movie have been if the funds for first communication with foreigners had been George the Hand Dollet. Bishop, Data, R2 ?? kitchen equipment beside the almighty George! He can only be in the movie for 8 minutes out of 90, but don't be fooled. This show is about George. With even the limited amount of time, George enters the line of such glowing movie characters as Hollywood Montrose, Majai and Pappy from "New Moon Rising" as icons of American cinema. "George to Apache" ?? You are my hero.
