Have you ever had a cold picture in your mind that you thought it would be nice to be in a movie: Like seeing a detective looking through the cracks of a broken fence of some abandoned house? Or does a woman walk down a street that looks cold and intense and very watchful? Yes. Imagine stretching that picture into a whole movie, you have pretty much the idea of ​​Broken, even though there are no detectives in this movie, I just use it as a visual example. But the intense looking woman is here, and she takes up almost 99% of the screen time. I have nothing to complain about the woman she is a perfect choice for this role. <br /> <br /> I consider myself a very open minded to enjoy all sorts of artistic expressions and I can really enjoy some really humorous things. It would be really cool if I could hit one of the scenes from this movie and hang it on the wall. Let's be honest here, the play is amazing. Some of the expressions on the face of the actors are what keeps me looking. <br /> <br /> Now on the problem with this movie. Besides the atmosphere there is not much else here. The director took an obsession with an idea and ran it far beyond what it was worth. I do not consider it a spoiler if I say occupation is "mirror". Let's see, this unique idea is over the bloody place, and that's all the director got to work with. Granted, there are a few twists and turns here and there. If you have noticed something, you will not be surprised at last. It is obvious plot holes aside. <br /> <br /> Now, I don't choose bones with this art style since I enjoyed them most of the time. I still think we should judge an art base on the medium it uses to express what the artists want to express. Movies are not a piece of music, or a picture or a painting, or even a poem, and certainly not just a cold image in your mind. It's all that plus a good story and character development. I'm considering Lynch style in film making cheating. It is irresponsible and cheap and a waste of the medium. We gave movies 2 hours running movie time for a good reason. Therefore, we must judge it differently than judging a single picture frame, like a photograph or a painting. <br /> <br /> This movie is not quite Lynch style, thanks and goodness. It has a linear development and finally came to a conclusion. It doesn't have much history or character development. It presented itself quite seriously with characters composed of ordinary people, thus removing from other fantasy things at least from the surface. It does not provide any explanation for the fantasy element, nor did it attempt to build a coherent world around it. Oddity came from nowhere and seems rather isolated and unintentional. Perhaps the coherence of the director's head remains, but from what I can see, he did not make much effort to realize it on the screen. Where does he make his efforts in that time? It seems that he used a lot of effort to build the mood and improve it with the music. The music often built up tensions that eventually turn into a teasing. Only in the later part of the film was the scare and excitement materialized. <br /> <br /> Finally, I felt like: OK, I know what you're trying to say here, but is the point you're trying to make by spending two hours building all those tensions? It is quite irrelevant with who the characters are and what kind of life they have. And we get very little about who the characters are. All we have is this fact that just took place. Disappointing, but I think the director didn't have much material to work with and it shows.
