I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I've seen zillions of movies, and I can clearly explain what an intellectual movie with a thoughtful message should look like. Absolutely, The Broken is not one of those films. I have to admit that the film made me think a lot about understanding what the whole thing was trying to do, and despite the explanations I have read in previous comments, they just seemed an exaggeration to just have one in the intellectual league of people. The picture on the cover clearly shows that Broken is the broken face of the face that usually contains the brain. It is a clear message that when this part of the body is broken, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So you start waiting for the movie characters to show their defective pages, and this is not obvious in any of the scenes, because the movie starts immediately without any introduction to the characters and their lives before. Although we see the father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he is aware, he has enemies, but it is still not a very strong idea. Had the tracks been planted more in the film, one would have said that it is actually a masterpiece. But even though the film was so slow, it was at the same time so empty without metaphorical scenes at all. And the reunification of the evil father with the evil Gena at the end is a strong reluctant evidence of the existential messages that some people spoke in other comments. Moreover, if Gena really lives in the apartment as her brother tells her at the end, then how is she the evil one? I bet I can defy any theory of this movie with so many questions that can only lead to a conclusion: This movie is a pretentious and a waste of time. It clearly shows that someone is trying to make a meaningless mystery something that has no value at all. I'm a big fan of horror movies and especially slasher them that some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies are not meant to convey deep messages! They must reveal the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side of it, which is the true, I suppose. Horror movies must have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. Because it's the real horror and it's never gone from reality. I have seen almost every horror movie and I can prove that each one of them can be as real as sunrise. Nothing is unreal as long as the mind has been thinking. For example, the horror movie "Train" with all the sharp and tightness of it and its similarity speaks almost in all with "Hostel" it about a very genuine thing that sells organ organs illegally by abducting people in foreign places where no one would ask or search after them. <br /> <br /> And while we consider Broken a movie that has an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and at least scary. I prefer the addiction announcement presented in Requiem for a Dream, which went beyond drug abuse, to highlight the fact that any kind of addiction, whether sex, TV, security / being spoiled, etc. ... can be so devastating and it scared hell out of me. And those who always criticize horror movies for being meaningless and very commercial are usually just a lot of people who get scared easily and simply don't like this genre, but that doesn't mean there are fans of such movies and that they have a lot to offer the viewer from adrenaline troubles, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertainment to most importantly all face to face interview with the essence of life, as ugly and frightening as it may seem, Death!
