If the myth of broken mirrors were accurate, everyone involved in this production would now have over 170 years of accident, because there are many mirrors that fall into small pieces here. If only the script was as broken as the glass, "The Broken" would have been a brilliant movie. Now, unfortunately, it is just an oblong, derived and boring movie with only a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis made a very stylish and elegantly photographed film, but the story is lackluster and the total lack of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I came into a discussion with a friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the film. He believes that Ellis found inspiration in an old legend claiming that spotting your doppelgangs is an obstacle to how to die. Interesting theory, but I am not familiar with this legend and could not find anything on the internet about this. Personally, I just think "The Broken" is another fifth variation on the theme "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", but without the alien interference. "The Broken" centers on the American McVey family living in London, and especially Gina. When a mirror breaks spontaneously during a birthday, this triggers a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina stains herself in a car and follows her mirror image into an apartment building. As she drives home in a state of mental confusion, she causes a terrible car accident and ends up in the hospital. When dismissed, Gina feels that her entire environment is changing. She does not recognize her own boyfriend's longer and spooky fragments of the accident flashing in the eyes. Is she affected by mental trauma that is claimed by the accident, or is there really a supernatural conspiracy going on around her? Writer / director Sean Ellis certainly invokes feelings of curiosity and excitement in his script, but unfortunately he fails to draft them properly. "The Broken" is a truly atmospheric and stylish action, but only after just half an hour of movies will you come to the painful conclusion, it just remains a beautiful but empty package. There is a frustratingly high amount of "false" tension in this movie. It means building tensions, through vicious music and eerie camera angels, when absolutely nothing has happened yet. When the real mystery begins, these tricks have no scary effect on you anymore. Some of my peer reviews around here compare the movie and especially Sean Ellis' style with the repertoires of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but that's the way way ?? Way too much honor. PS: What's with the alternative spelling; the one with the Scandinavian "island"
