This movie is pure, distilled, unadultered boredom. I didn't know anything about it until I got into the dark room, took my seat. I was seduced by the "mysterious and exciting" cover of the poster I suppose. Also, Lena Headey is nice and unconventionally sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a reliable guy to have around, so the cast seemed reasonable. It might have been his name over the title that convinced me to go with this instead of what was otherwise. I should have gone to see Valkyrie for the second time instead. The thin plot is about Headley's Gina McVey, her boyfriend, her father, her sister, and her sister's husband, who for some reason are stalked in a very louche and unenthusiastic manner by their evil daughters who come from mirrors that mysteriously smashes. There could be a good movie behind this idea (not exactly an original idea, remember you, but still ...) and in fact, if the filmmakers had removed all the supporting spirit and simply attached to Headey's character story, The Broken I could have made a reasonable 20-minute card. As it is, it is desperately unmotivated and boring and terribly inconsistent. <br /> <br /> For example, in one place a mirror in itself smashes into a room that houses all the main characters; They look confused, but quickly forget it. In another scene, a mirror shatters in an empty space, and a dopple walkway is visible as she "steps out" of the cutters returning to the wall. So why did the first mirror break if nothing scary crawly crawled out? Just too little excitement? There are far too many scenes of the characters in the dimly lit London apartments, peering around corners, because they thought they heard something, but saw nothing there and continued. We begin to wonder why would this malicious doppelgang never ever try to scare them? Scare the characters and you have the chance to scare the audience. But we, the audience, must start to threaten each other, in the dark of the theater, if we want tensions under The Broken. By the way, when we have spent time with these evil doubles, we are completely amazed at why anyone should be afraid of them - they just stand around, look at their faces, maybe completely harmless after killing their others. <br /> <br /> There are some nice moods and touches throughout, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis could fashion a really stylish and exciting mystery movie if he were to hire a fanciful scriptwriter next time.
