A few days after writing about how waste such as MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH receive money while Ange, Duncan and Theo are completely ignored, I had to go through another British movie * which made me scrape my head on why It received a single penny. Some people may argue that because DEAD BABIES is based on a highly acclaimed novel, it has a built-in market, but both THIS FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS were also adapted to novels and they were also an ordeal to sit through. <br /> <br /> I had read the synopsis of the plot where a bunch of high class wasters go to a remote mansion where they are stalked by an internet cult but to be honest it is not true how the story unravels and someone expects Friday the 13th meeting THE SHINING will be bitterly disappointed as 90-95% of the maturity is included with the mentioned signs to take drugs and discuss sex. And what hateful signs are they too. Not one of them likes in any way, and in a matter of minutes you become nostalgic to Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot, and hope that next time someone begins communist democracy, they will be successful in creating a egalitarian utopia. Anything that will signal the end of such a decadent bourgeois meaningless that the hateful characters in this movie embark on can only be welcomed. <br /> <br /> Not happy to give us a movie where the plot is meandering and where the audience fails to associate with the characters the director continues to spoil things further by getting everyone wise and arty. It is undoubtedly to impress us so that we will fall on our knees and cry: "Oh my god, what a wonderful instructor he bambooes us with his strong artistic technique and just a worthless nurture will not understand what a god gave talent here man is ". I'm sure the vast majority of people either screamed: "How did my projects come down while shit like this didn't?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this piece of crap all about?" You can defend the movie by saying that the original source novel was unmistakable and that makes the movie unmatched. I agree that this movie is unwatchable <br /> <br /> * I know the IMDb classes this as an American movie, but the style and flaws of DEAD BABIES are uniquely British. The Americans may think they are having a hard time with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEADBIES, FOOD COWS, and THIS FILTHY EARTH. No wonder everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century
