This movie can be used in movie classes in a "How Not to Script a B-Movie" course. There are inherent narrowings in a B movie: The budget is tight, time is valuable (Scarecrow was apparently shot in 8 days), and the actors are often green and inexperienced. The one aspect you have full control over is writing the best script you can within the limitations set for you. Scarecrow's script seems to have been written in a drunk haze. I could review about fifteen examples of the innocent scripting of this movie, but I just want to mention one: The Gravedigger. The excavator's character is introduced about an hour in the film. He apparently has no connection with any of the other characters already in the movie. He is shown with his daughter, who also has no connection to anyone else in the movie. The grave digger is given a few scenes to act surly and then killed to cover the body. Why give Gravedigger a daughter? Why give the daughter a girlfriend? Why introduce them so late in the movie? Why not try to make them part of the ongoing story? Scarecrow doesn't seem to break. <br /> <br /> The "Scarecrow" story goes something like this: Lester is a high school kid (played by and actor who I would point out to be in his early 30s) who is chosen by the other children. He is an artist who draws birds and is in love with a classmate named Judy. His mother is a lush and the whore of the city. One of her rebellious boyfriends makes fun of his drawings (by calling him a "bassoon" to draw birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a high school student who still draws cowboys, I would probably believe him being homosexual than a high school student pulling crows and later killing Lester in a cornfield under the titular scarecrow. Magically, Lester's soul goes into scarecrow. Somehow, this transfer changes Lester's soul from an artist into a wisecracking gymnast (I know some reviews have called scarecrow a Kung-Fu scarecrow. I disagree. The scarecrow makes practically an entire floor routine before you jump on the truck during the climax of the movie). Scarecrow continues to kill those who torment him, those who smoke pot on the corn field, those who dig graves, lovers of daughters of diggers, virtually anyone who appeared on the set. <br /> <br /> The bonus feature on the DVD should be mentioned. The director (a Frenchman) makes an improvised version of rap music, admits that he does not enjoy having leaders around on sets, so he can screw his wife during work and give a quote to live on (and I rewrite): "Life ez a bitch, but one has a good ass. <br /> <br /> The number of beers I drank while watching this movie: 5 Helped it: No Number of beers needed to enjoy this movie: Whatever it takes to get to the blackout drunk level.
