For the past 20 years, the majority of British films have been about how terribly poverty-stricken Britain is and how our youth do not have the chance of a good life while living on the average streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​'broken Britain'. Trainspotting, This is England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes and from London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to the list. The protagonist expresses a desire to go straight, but he still insists on hanging with dead beats carrying weapons and fighting with gang members over nothing. I was never convinced he wanted to go straight because there was nothing stopping him from pursuing an education or trade. In fact, if he had gone straight, it would have been a breath of fresh air, and we had a sign that transformed his life. Instead, he uses his time to help his friend try to commit murder. I felt no sympathy when he was predictably shot by another teen at the end of the movie, which is sad because at the beginning of the movie I really liked the whole family and their desire for success. I think the decision makers missed a great chance to show the world that success belongs to those who are willing to really strive for it (like the persecution of happiness). <br /> <br /> I know the purpose of this movie was to try to paint a realistic picture of what life is like for black teenagers living in the working class areas of the UK, but we don't already have enough movies in the UK with the same same plot? Isn't it time that these talented producers and writers give Britains youth something to strive for and show them that a better life is just around the corner? I welcome the Bullet Boy decision makers not to load the film full of thoughtless violence to try to succeed through shock factors (like Kidulthood, Football Factory), but at the same time, this movie doesn't offer anything new on a long list of British movies that are effective blunt and depressing to see. There is no happy ending to this movie or any of the others I have mentioned.
