One of the five worst movies I've ever seen. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I recommend seeing it so that you can get the same sense of infidelity as you might see in Showgirls. <br /> <br /> Out of 400 votes, the film gets a user rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it a 10/10, probably due to the movie's message - nuclear weapons are humanity's banana. Chuck Murdock is an all-star little lieutenant who gives up baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon "Amazing Grace" Smith is an all-star Boston Celtic inspired by Chuck's history and giving up basketball. Soon, all sports leagues from the professional level to the college to the high school to the small league will dismantle in a worldwide protest. Later, all the world's children go on a silence strike. This inspires the US President to meet with Soviet prizes, which in time agree to remove all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Little League season. The movie ends with Chuck throwing out the first pitch, with the president telling his new best friend Chuck that he shouldn't worry about knocking out any punch as he hasn't thrown a baseball in a year. <br /> <br /> Somewhere along the line, an underground underground boss kills Amazing Grace. When the president finds out, he is told that the FBI can control the killer, but will never prove it. Therefore, the president calls the underground chief ("But it's one is" "I don't care to get him on the line") and tell him that he has to step down from all the corporate boards he sits on and sells all the shares he has . And not to get out of the queue again. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this movie was so crazy I couldn't turn it off. It was on TV from. 2.30 to 4:00 am and I saw it all. I was not turned off by propaganda against nuclear weapons. I was turned off by the inappropriate degradation of all organized sports. I don't even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was killed. And with all of these famous athletes, Chuck's friends become why his father was constantly disturbed with his son, who took a principled stand. And there was the cliché moment near the end when Dad says to Chuck: "I've never told you this, but I'm proud of you." Cue clamp.
