It's a shame that almost no one under 30 knows "about the top" writing of Michael O'Donoghugh magazine articles and SNL sketches that were genius for the time ... and then it is a real shame to anyone who might use The opportunity to examine his work will undoubtedly take the easy way out and watch videos - leading them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This movie has clever elements that never completely connect the fun leg. The viewer experiences things like cat diving / swimming with the man who thinks he has found cat-like happiness by throwing these kittens in a pool that the camera follows in slow motion and mounting sequence. Then we are taken to an island where all previous fads are retired (hula hops, pet rocks, rainbow terrible wigs etc) Then we get into the music world (punk was a new selection of music at the time of this movie) where "D "rate bar performer Rootboy Slim performs" boogie until you puck "in its own lazy style with dirt and eclectic sleaze. Now the real beauty of all this is the background music. In many different styles with many different instruments, the sound of TELSTAR plays and replays - for those who do not understand Telstar, the first American satellite was launched in space, and the theme was created to celebrate man's genius and triumph. MR MIKES seems to have been meant as a signal of social decay ridiculous waste. Now the theater has offered that the video release was not a live performance by Sid Vicious (ex sex gun not the wrestler), who sings MY WAY. His version is very different from Sinatras, which one might imagine, but honestly I think it is very worth listening ... it's good! It's the sad part - in the VHS release, Paul Anka rejects his song's rights and the viewer is forced to experience 3 1/2 minute silence with an explanation rolling over the image of the singing dead sex gun. <br /> <br /> I would give the theater release a 5 or 6 video is closer to a 4 and now so much is passé I can see how many people would give it a 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good O'Donoghugh script look SCROOGED ... it's a better tribute to man's insight and talent.
