Now I'm probably being lambasted by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured movies I've seen for a long time. We have a 2 and a half hour movie that feels like three and a half because it has two movies in one. The first film tells the story of a family moving from their homes because of drought and famine. They have to travel south to the cities to find food or work of some sort. It is convenient to find a bag of jewels and at the same time find out that the drought is complete. Yes okay With this knowledge, they return home with their wealth and everything is fine and wonderful again. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about an hour and a half movies and while it's incredibly lifeless at this time, it has a good bow to it. You would think it would be a great place to finish the movie. The film, however, continues for another hour. And in this remaining time, it takes a simple story of a family dealing with the world's hardships and making it a juicy melodrama of fraud and jealousy between lovers. Oh yes and age old, money is the root of all evil blah blah blah. Just because you know you're making an epic movie doesn't mean your story can go unnecessarily for more than it should. Also, the main page I wanted to collect about this movie is that the earth is good for this family and holds them together. So why spend an hour telling a story about a rich man who falls in love with another woman, and why is the movie's last minute dedicated to a wife that our main character has not even taken care of most of the movie. <br /> <br /> Oh wait and the movie is not the only thing that is badly written, the protagonist's wife makes absolutely no sense. She complains a lot about how she was a slave and she will never have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. So why is she at the hat of a hat willing to sell her only daughter to slavery. Even if they are starving at the time of this idea, it still doesn't make sense when they 20 minutes later in the movie complain that they don't want a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other thirties films that should be aware of. The only thing that this one has to do for it is the cinematography. The country is shot beautifully, oh and the sequence of the johsts is quite impressive. Too bad was there in a movie that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that Hollywood at that time was mostly focused on stars, and they expected a good actor to portray something. For most of the film, Paul Muni shows an Asian man to the best of his ability, but when it hits the half point where the film continues without reason, he loses it and becomes ordinary old Italian Paul, they even cut his hair so he looks like Tony from Scarface (also a better movie than this). Of all the main characters in the movie, I think maybe three are actually Asian, the rest are just Americans stupid. Oh, and please, Mrs Rainer, it was a really nice note performance, not if I could pull Oscar out of your hands, oh, I would. <br /> <br /> The good soil is an epic waste of time. If you want something along this in vain to look at good evening, get the Wrathens grapes, a movie that really deserves all the praise it gets. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
