... because they both are pretty miserable. I think the best part of the movie is the terrible imperial image of Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs. She looks like she could very easily step out of the picture, tear someone to bloody pieces and calmly re-enter the portrait and look like nothing had happened. Now you know a movie in trouble when part of the decorated furniture manages to attract your attention. <br /> <br /> I admit I paid $ 30 for the DVD so I could only watch Faye Dunaway in a modern horror movie. I know what you're thinking - 30 bucks right down into a gaping black hole. And you would be absolutely correct. This movie sucks. There it is right in the open. I expect some real scares and I waited and waited and waited. No one came. The raven (probably a collar of makeup) didn't scare me as small pieces of internal organs didn't scare me, and even Faye didn't scare me. I'm not so brave, I know, so it must be the movie itself that is the inconvenience. In addition, Jennifer was not afraid either. Her inner organs were literally falling apart and she seemed more peeved than anything. Her life came quickly and she's worried about getting more money. Honey, you can't take money where you go !!! "I need money," she says all the time, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs have collapsed and ceased to function. In the meantime, I spent the whole of the blasted film wondering what was with Grandma (Faye). I was initially suspicious, Faye played a grandmother and everyone, and I was still suspicious at the end. There is another relative living in the house, which Jennifer and Mary Ellen, Grandma-from-Hell are forced to share temporarily, and I guess she is the same generation who said Grandma. Here's the weird part - the relative looks like she's just endured her eight hundred birthday. Mary Ellen looks like she's just got a facelift from a famous surgeon. Face liftings can't work miracles, but I think that Faye's appearance is important to the rice paper. SPOILER !!! It seems that the family is plagued by a disease that affects bad actions ... sorry, my little joke. Yet, all disease causes their organs to fail and eventually disintegrate. Yuck, huh? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did she avoid the family curse? Something's up to her, of course. <br /> <br /> Another reason for losing my thirty dollars - this movie has one of my all-time movie pet peeves. I refer to the double end. This movie ends twice. I hate it completely when it happens and in this movie it feels like the director has shot the end, did not like it, and forgets to remove it during editing. I think it should be scary, but it is only if you are a movie editor. <br /> <br /> There is a benefit to this debacle, and that's one of the reasons I bought the DVD. The "Filmmaker" comments have Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how she acted as she didn't have lines to recite. Guess what - the movie sucked so bad I couldn't sit through it again. Drat.
