Jennifer's Shadow is set in Argentina and starts as Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives there when her sister Johanna dies. Jennifer left John's big house in her will, Jennifer decides to sell the house and head back to Los Angeles, though her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) is against the sale. But strange things are starting to happen, Jennifer starts to have nightmares about Raven's pick on her and she begins to feel very sick. After a check in the hospital, one of her kidneys seems to have mysteriously disappeared, what happens to Jennifer? Is it an old family curse? Will Jennifer be the next to undermine it ... <br/> <br /> This Argentine American co-production was written and co-registered by Daniel de la Vega & Pablo Parés & is a really dull waste of ninety odd minutes, a dull and predictable modern ghost story that I could imagine would put more people in bed faster than scare them. The script from Vega, Parés and P.J. Pettiette is quite slow and boring, which is not what anyone wants, I mean, I am sure most will not sit down and be bored out of their skulls. The character is all uninteresting and rather faceless, with little or no motivation for something they do. For example, who is the cemetery nurse guy? How did he know about the demons? What is his interest and motivation to get involved? I couldn't see it. Jennifer herself is a rather unlikely & gentle leading lady, her grandmother Mary Allen is as clichéd as they come and it's surprising that she's so obviously the villain. I mean for this kind of mystery-based horror / ghost story, it's surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in both logic and the story, which, along with the horrible twist ending, which is not much of a twist, I did not like Jennifer's Shadow and iota. Directors Vega & Parés go down much used roller bleaching almost the entire color from the picture, which often makes it not too far from black and white, I suppose they wanted to give it a period Gothic feel, but it has been done so many times before And often so much better that it didn't do much for me and makes the whole movie boring and lifeless. There is also a clear 40-year look, from costumes to the decor of the big house, but again it is pretty half-hearted and inexpensive appearance. Jennifer's Shadow is well made, but it's pretty forgettable, it's not scary or scary and it's pretty predictable. If that was not enough, there is nothing there are a few scenes of Ravens that point away at people and a beating heart, but nothing else. <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of approx. $ 1,000,000 and downloaded to The Chronicles of Raven for it's American and international DVD release this is reasonably well made, but a million won't buy you too much these days & Jennifer's shadow justifies this theory. There are also too many scenes of the actor's speeches in thick Argentine accents, although it may be realistic, I can actually understand what people are saying. The action is okay, even though Dunaway is badly overbearing and is obviously there for the money. <br /> <br /> Jennifer's Shadow is a rubbish ghost movie that I thought was a total start-to-finish drill, I'd rather watch The Incredibly Strange Beings who stopped alive and mashed up zombies !!? (1964) again instead. A total waste of time.
