This is easily the most disappointing, least pleasing movie in the so-called blacksploitation genre, which, incidentally, is a film we generally enjoy in our home. Instead of being "exploitation" or dimming, these movies actually provide invaluable insights into an era. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to drive the nightclub back to him by his recently deceased brother. He quickly learns that the city is completely controlled by a corrupt police force that softens protection money from all local businesses. Duke resists, deciding that he will save the city from the corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does so by calling a friend of his friends (these people are explained as some former black militants who have worked with the duke on "jobs" in the past) and they simply murder the entire police department in cold blood. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is not a ground for murder and it would have been much more entertaining to see the Cracker police suffer for their actions as opposed to just getting whacked on the street. While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in movies of this genre, it is far from clear that Pam Grier jumps down his boobs that discourage his family, cuss them out, give them a jujitsu ass-kickin and set their fire on . It has art (and a reason for existing) and deserves a level of respect that is quite undeserved by just shooting someone in the back. Of course, in this bizarre tale, she plays a woman completely under Man's thumb, afraid of Crackers who are driving her city and suppressing her people. In fact, her advice to the Duke is: "Run, man, they will kill you!" Following the pathological and gratuitous violence we are expected to believe that the mayor of the city wholeheartedly condemns the duke's actions and his friends, congratulates them and offers to cast a parade in their honor, as opposed to saying, call the district attorney to press capital lawyers against them and get them taken in prison. The Duke's Pose is taking off the parade and instead choosing to fill the many vacancies at the police force created by their recent killing. They immediately appear to be even more corrupt than their Cracker Police predecessors (to quote the mayor, "they are ten times worse than what we had before!"). Now, Duke finds that he must again save the citizens of Bucktown from corrupt, cover-keeping law enforcement officials and again make it safe for decent people to run a prostitution business on the streets. Unfortunately, Duke has already lost all moral heights and sympathy because of a hero when he was a willing participant in the murder of the original police force. I wouldn't have looked after one or the other if he had rescued Bucktown or got plugged in at this time. I suppose we should be entertained in the wise way, Duke must embellish the new Police Goons, but in reality the movie has just become an opera of free violence, Duke murders all his former friends and allies in cold blood with the same shortage on compassion he had when he knocked down Cracker Police. Duke is a pig. Finally, when everyone in town, but Duke, Aretha, and the staff of the local brothel are dead and soft in the street, our hero and heroine goes into the night as though they had some admirable qualities or redeeming values; they don't. Duke is just a murderous chew and Aretha, which allows him to be misgynistically accomplice. If you are interested in this genre movie, I highly recommend them, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby, but if you are running across this DVD, throw it so far away as you possibly can! Drop it as it is hot! It should be treated as one would treat a glowing sausage of nuclear waste! There is no single film throughout the Blacksploitation era that is not dramatically more entertaining, satisfying and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this slime piece, evidently written by and targeted to some hormone-based unbalanced high school sophomores.
