Comet's night begins as the world prepares for an event once in a lifetime, the transition of a 65 million plus year old comet. Instead of watching the light show, Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to stay with cinema projectionist Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in her booth ... They are watching the next morning and when Larry tries to leave the cinema, he is attacked & killed by a zombie , the same zombie attacks Regina, but she manages to escape where she discovers that almost everyone on the whole planet has turned into red dust. Almost everyone, because in some amazing cases, the only other person seems to survive being her sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney), desperately looking for more survivors and meeting with a long-haul truck named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, a vicious mass of scientists need human blood to develop a serum to save themselves from becoming dust and they are looking for unwilling donors ... Written and led by Thom Eberhardt, I found the Comet night is a beautiful sun experience, I am amazed at the amount of positive comments on IMDb about it because I just thought it was boring crap that never lived up to that potential. The script starts 100 miles per hour with the eradication of the entire Earth's population and a zombie attack, but then it goes absolutely nowhere and then ultimately introduces the eerie bloodshed scientists towards the end of the movie because then the slender story runs that course . There are also plot holes if these researchers want blood, why shoot the three or four gang members and rescue the two sisters when the boys would have given more blood to their experiments. Killing them just seemed to be a totally bizarre and almost suicidal thing, considering that they need blood to develop a cure, it just doesn't make sense. I mean, if you are going to die and you have to experiment with human blood, would rather have five or six donors who supply blood or just two? I do not have the fact that the two sisters survived independently, I mean, what are the odds of that? When Hector confronts female scientist for the first time, she never mentions Samantha or where she was or where the underground facility was where they took Regina before committing suicide, how did Hector sow these things? I also thought after the first 20 eight minutes that the movie slows down to a snail's pace and became incredibly boring and boring looking after hearing so many good things about it. The Comet night comes over me as nothing more than an overrated boring piece of crap. Director Eberhardt does a really good job, I liked the movie's appearance with the red tinted sky and he manages to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, there are far too many shots of empty streets, there is constant assembly of empty streets, deserted roads and abandoned buildings and it becomes extremely repetitive and boring. OK we get it, there is no one else so there is no need to keep ramming it down in our throats by constantly showing roads without cars on them. The zombies are completely wasted, there are two zombie attacks throughout the movie, and there are also two individual zombies, although there are a couple of effective nightmare scenes. Comet's night pays tribute, or discourages whatever you prefer, several other much better movies, including the mandatory end of world trade in a shopping mall elevated from Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget some blood or do as there is no one. Technical Comets night is pretty good, the special effects are decent enough and the production crew was of course very good at closed streets. The play was okay for Maroney as Samantha, the blonde's head that became very annoying. The Comet night was a big disappointment to me, I had hoped for so much more. Persoanlly I found this movie boring, boring, unintentional and the puke-inducing order where the sisters go shopping with the tune 'Girls just want to have fun' is probably the worst moment in the movie. Really bad & I just don't get as many people like this, I'm sure I'll be slaughtered to say so so let the abuse begin I can take it ...
