I think that an applause round is okay for the one who mixed the trailer into the latest release of The Rogue Pictures, 'The Return'. Myself, along with everyone else, has been stupid to believe it is actually a horror movie. On the contrary, it is actually a supernatural thriller. It's not that much exciting. <br /> <br /> 'The Return' stars Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since the age of eleven. It was at that age that she began to have haunting visions depicting the murder of a woman she had never met. While in Texas on a business trip, she is led by these visions to the murdered woman's hometown of La Salle. There she comes face to face with another person who has often appeared in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now on a desperate search for answers. A search that could result in his own murder. <br /> <br /> I really don't know where to start here guys. What should I mention first? The terrible spectacle, horrible conducting, or the horrible gentle story? Whichever I choose my point behind each is the same: they just suck. Adam Sussman's manuscript is purely moronic. It's not interesting. It's not convincing. It is simply unpleasant. I was waiting for something to jump on the "movie" (I have put on film because I don't think 'The Return' deserves to be called a real movie because of it's foulness.) And at least give it a little chance of hope, but nothing ever happened. I was left out in an unbearable cold to freeze. Not even the star's performances by the actors themselves could have saved this disaster. Of course, they probably knew they had read the script and agreed to do "movie". I suppose that was why the play was so terrible. At least that's what I choose to believe. I really hope the cast does not trust their performances. They need immediate medical attention if they do. The management was unmistakably bad, but I can't quite crucify Asif Kapadia completely. (I could, but I don't want to, since I'm such a nice guy.) I look at 'The Return' as a test for Kapadia, because for all of you who don't know, this is his first full length feature film. " Just get his foot in the door and still learn. Next time, well, if there is next time, he will hopefully have improved a lot. All he could do here was almost completely duplicating the visual style of Marcus Nispel's 2003 Recycling 'The Texas Chainsaw Massacre' Now it is good that the "movie" was given, but unfortunately he still does not receive any kudos from me for it. Copying others' work is not something I consider to be praise (Though it comes from a movie, I enjoy it very much.) I think Jim Sonzer's American 'Pulse' rebuilding now has to fork over the title of the worst movie of the year for the 'Return', which outside the question deserves The title in almost every conceivable way, now I have no doubt that we l make a small, and I mean very small, profit. No matter what, it will not surpass or even parallel the success of Gellar's earlier acting efforts, 'The Grudge'. On that note there is one last thing I would like to add. I can honestly say that I had never been embarrassed to have been seen and left a theater performance until I saw 'The Return'. It's something I will never experience again, along with the "movie" itself.
