A hard-to-find movie like shores on the ever-pervasive mythology of Senator Joe McCarthy as a political demon king. Boyle (like Joe) gives a compelling but historically inaccurate depiction of Wisconsin Senator, the caricature McCarthy many take as the real. Meredith, as the fat army lawyer Joseph Welch, who knocked out McCarthy at the 1954 Army hearings, is very good as always. <br /> <br /> In fact, McCarthy and Cohn were right in worrying about the terrible security situation in the army, and the hearings of 1954 were involved in the Army's smoke screen to mitigate the investigation away from their security deficiencies that the Committee investigated during recharge that McCarthy and Cohn tried to benefit their employees, David Schine, while in service. The film is self-sufficient, agenda driven, polemical, based on the profound myths that have gone for the truth with many people for decades that the "red scare" was mainly fake and McCarthy, HUAC, etc. always spraying on the wrong goals, was No more than lies, career counterfeit advertising dogs who trampled upon the original innocent liberal constitutional rights accused of being security risks / communists. <br /> <br /> People who know a little about the matter still feel convinced to repeat misinformation about McCarthy and the "red scare" to this day - Clooney's Murrow-hagiography is an example. The misinformation is profound, not weird, people have turned it off. A message from Budd Schulberg recently in the serious left-British newspaper "The Guardian" pointed out that the Hollywood author "named names" "to McCarthy" - continued the lie that McCarthy "investigated" Hollywood as the head of the HUAC truth was, McCarthy was never even a member of HUAC, and he had little interest in Hollywood style policies - his investigations were almost exclusively confined to US governments. <br /> <br /> The "red scare" mythology was unfounded is now completely exploded by newly opened Soviet and US government documents, if anything McCarthy and Co underestimated the vast scale of Soviet and fellow travelers' infiltration in the United States, but decades ago. Public misinformation about this period will be difficult to correct. One day maybe some really brave Hollywood soul will make a movie telling the truth about how many American men and women illegally helped the mass murderer stalin and worked to impose his evil system of governors in the Western world, giving a precise account perhaps by Joe McCarthy's career - but I don't want to hold my breath. Until then we have this mythical, drunken lie war of popular imagination, so known in the media .... "Halejog Joe".
