Not only does the film's writer Steven Greenstreet, of course, reject Michael Moore, but he also follows in his footsteps by using more of Moore's propaganda film-making tactics. Moore has the expertise to distract the viewer from this focus, although Greenstreet is apparently less skilled here. <br /> <br /> Having been privileged to all the issues surrounding Moore's speech at the UVSC, I was disappointed to see that the great complaint from the community - that Moore was paid $ 40,000 by the state of Utah's education resources to basically promoting John Kerry's campaign and promoting his own liberal movie - was pushed to the background of the Greenstreet, while minor issues were sensational. br /> <br /> The marketing methods for this video have been just as biased and contradictory ... promoting the movie by claiming that "Mormon has been trying to kill Moore". It is not only glorious, but it is a great religion, which Greenstreet obviously has some personal problems with. I followed Moore's visit very carefully, and all the major news agencies noted that Moore's visit came and went without credible security issues or incidents in Utah. <br /> <br /> Greenstreet has beaten this movie to jump on his film-making career to the point that he himself has dropped out of the film school to help speed this up. This seems to have been a serious miscalculation, although Moore's visit to around 60 other colleges and universities across the country in 2004 showed interest in this rather ordinary event. Greenstreet's assumption that American audiences would be interested in this movie because of the advancing religious and conservative angles, does not seem well-founded. Even the name of the movie, This Shared State, is a misnomer since Utah voted overwhelmingly for Bush's re-election and thus seems to be more politically united than any other state. The division into the film profile seems more indicative of the gap that exists in Greenstreet's ideological differences with its religion and state. If anything, I find a humorous connection between the religious angle of this supposed documentary and Woody Allen's hilarious claim in Sleeper (1973) that "I was beaten by Quakers".
