In all my film years, I have only once gone on a movie, and it was the terrible "Stay Tuned". Fortunately, the cinema refunded the ticket and I went to see "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" instead (a minor improvement). That movie is "Gone With the Wind" in relation to "Dick", a comedy so infinite that it almost became the second movie I ever went out of. "Dick" was so unfunny it was even impossible to laugh at it, let alone laugh at it. <br /> <br /> Granted to pay to watch a movie with a title like "Dick" suggests it is filled with inane "dick" jokes and settled a huge downturn, yet I had great hopes for it by the remarkable cast (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc., etc.) and a premise that at least promised something fresh. What the movie was delivered was, as portended, four poorly predictable "dick" jokes, comic timing suffering from jet lag, and a premise that went thin after the first five minutes. In short, the Watergate scene from "Forrest Gump" was stretched - no, put on a tripod and was missing - over 90+ scary minutes. <br /> <br /> As soon as you understand the two main characters - Effortless, effortless squealers who grab and roll their eyes incessantly - participate in all the important Watergate events. You start to test the plot mentally as it progresses: 18 and a half minutes deleted from the Nixon bands, CHECK; Deep Throat meets with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean gets a change of heart and witnesses, CHECK. The process pulls out more dull and as engaging as the real Watergate affair with almost as much fun getting started. And while it entails an entertaining rebuilding of events leading to President Nixon's departure, it becomes a painting-for-figure figure, your own adventure that fills in-the-blanks comedy that says little and entertaines even smaller. Even the film's strong point - the aforementioned cast - is confusingly unproductive here. The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. The jail, when he is behind the thick Liddy mustache and strait-jacketed in this numbingly morose manuscript, mumbles Shearer a few lines, desperately trying to learn behind prosthetic nose and eyebrows, and then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the comic masterminds from Kids in the Hall (two others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this movie - ah, the blessings of nepotism) also dangerous. His Mr. Haldeman occasionally occasionally ease the funeral of the funeral plot, but the funniest thing about him is the buzz-cut he sports - perhaps the movie's funniest piece of all. And then there is Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "Dick." (He's having fun fun.) He manages to play a solid Nixon that avoids the pitfalls (like excessive makeup, rubbery nose and false teeth a la Anthony Hopkins) while preserving the essence (the lag between human tenderness and gravity). I seem to be forgetting someone. . . Oh yes, the movie's two stars, the overblown teenagers. Can't remember their names, maybe because I've suppressed their beliefs. Nothing could be further from the fun; nothing could be more painful than having to endure their delivery that ran the gamma "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with an occasional "pouty" thrown in. <br /> <br /> This movie seemed to be a bad excuse to join a 70s soundtrack and parade monstrous period clothing, both of which seem to be the norm these days for movies and TV shows put in "Me Decade." But the clothes and music will be a substitute for true characterization and plot, a kind of extra plot stenography, which the producers hope will compensate for anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use for this movie is years down the road when one of his talented casts appears on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This horrible movie separation will be pulled out to embarrass and hopefully humiliate the stunned guest star. The sad thing is that the real bad in all of this - the authors and the producers - will be far from the cameras glance and possibly prepare another disaster like this. <br /> <br />
