When I first saw the previve of this movie, I really couldn't wait to see it. The reason seemed good and the setting was great. I mean, a slasher movie that takes place on Prom Night, good idea !! And the reason: A high school teacher who is sexually occupied by one of his students gets crazy, is arrested and escapes three years later on Prom Night! Prom night, one night to be happy and memorable, turns into hell !! But I saw it and was very disappointed. It was not only the worst horror movie I've ever seen, but it was one of the worst movies in general I've ever seen !! First of all, it wasn't even scary. There wasn't a moment in that movie when I jumped out of my seat. Also, the murder scenes were so cheesy and boring. All the injured person did was either to stab his victims in the stomach several times or to cut their necks. Also there were absolutely no gore (the characterized PG-13). The scene with the most blood was probably the one where the killer murdered the black girl. He cracks her neck and blood splatters on the sheets hanging around them (they actually don't show him to cut the neck). Next you see the murderers face for the first time he is introduced to the movie. He is not mysterious, scary or scary. He's just this guy who kills people. <br /> <br /> Everything in the movie was so cliché. An example is when the killer at the end is killing the protagonist, and at the last moment shoots the detector and kills him. Also every single thing in this movie was so predictable. The victim, having seen the guy with a knife, running for her life, hides, thinking she's coming away, then kills the killer and kills her. <br /> <br /> Finally, the sequence of the movie was extremely poor. The guy enters the hotel, kills a few people, the organs are discovered, someone pulls the fire alarm and everyone is evacuating. The protagonist forgets something in his room, has a meeting with the killer, runs and escapes. That is it! She and her boyfriend go home, the slasher kills the guards patrolling the house, finds the girl, then is killed by the detective. The order of the movie was so stupid and cliché. <br /> <br /> If your thinking about watching this movie is all because it turned out good, believe me, don't play your time or money. No wonder this movie was shown at least in the theater in the cinema. My friend and I along with the two girls sitting in the back were the only ones in the theater. It should have told me something about the movie beforehand.
