The little mermaid is one of my absolute favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say that Disney completely messed up when they made this sequel. I admit it has some good points on it. The songs are not bad and the animation is clean and clear. There is some humor, I'm sure - I can't remember because after seeing it, I immediately banned it from showing up to my eyes again. The worst point in this movie is the plot. In this movie, Ariel becomes her father. She forbids her daughter to walk close to the sea (yes, for fear), just as she was forbidden to walk near the land. Personally, I think that Ariel would have maintained some of her main lines and not treat her daughter as she herself was treated. In addition to this, Ursula was replaced by a non-scary, pathetic kind of witch (the under-born, forgotten sister) who is more comical than scary. She also has a little bit of undercutting to make her bid - but she's not scary or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with his credibility for evil. This witch is a joke. To make matters worse, Flounder is a bold, deep-grown father (no longer the sweet guppy we all know and love) and Eric's voice is not even made by the same actor (something that always annoys me in a remake / sequel). (His voice difference was very obvious to me by the way!) I felt the only reason this movie was made was that Disney could catch a few quick dollars, something I hate to think of a company I actually really enjoy. I felt that this plot lacked imagination. I know this action (child follows a parent's footsteps) happens, but Ariel was different. That's what we loved so much about her. She had a dream she fell in love with, and she made that dream come true. Until she appeared in this movie, it is. Then she became like the other adults. This is not Ariel, I know. And I don't like her. <br /> <br /> I know some kids who have enjoyed this movie and I know some adults who don't mind it either. But for me, and for all of you out there who have the greatest love for Ariel, you can't see this movie. The Ariel we know dies inside, arises only for a song or two and a final scene that is actually not bad (where she accepts the water again) - even though she takes very little part at the end, regardless.
