I loved the first little mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters, and I love the story. I can't say anything about the little mermaid II: returning to the sea. It was awful. Let's start with the story. The reason was a reverse copy of the first movie. Same situations, except in reverse! Ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was fooled by Ursula, Melody was fooled by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Ursula had a sister ?? Not sure where it came from. Besides being a strange copy of the first movie, this movie plot seemed tired and uninteresting compared to the first movie. Now the characters: 1. Ariel- What happened to her ?? !! No longer the spunky, main-strung teenager we all knew and loved from the first movie, she is now "grown up" and her personality went down the drain. Her singing voice was not so strong either, because either Jodi Benson was much older, or the songs were so terrible that her talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric - While he didn't have a lot of personality in the first movie, like all Disney princes, his new voice and his very few lines made him even more robotic. On top of that, he just can't defend himself, and Ariel becomes the hard of the two. 3. Sebastian - Goodbye to the lovable crustacean from the first movie, because a whiny, aggravating little crab just took its place. He also had no good songs in this movie. You can almost forget the glory he earned from singing the incredible "Under Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first movie and it is very sad. 4. Flounder- they destroyed him !! He is no more sweet, his voice is terrible and he has children now ?? Who is the mother ??? 5. Morgana - She seems to be Ursula's sister for revenge over her mother, who always picked Ursula over her. So she plans to get King Triton's trident to become the new ruler of the ocean. Sounds good? Anyway, she's a very cliché villain and lacks Ursula's grandeur as a villain. She fails epic by witchcraft, she is not very hard and not at all threatening. 6. Melody-Ariel and Eric's daughter. Ironic name because, unlike Ariel, she cannot sing. Her voice is annoying, her friends (a walrus and a penguin? Really?!) Are not funny or sympathetic, and she is exactly the same as Ariel, in reverse and not so sympathetic. Skip this one. Don't see any Disney sequel except Lion King 2. This movie struck the classic that lives in all our pleasurable memories. I want to look back at this movie and just laugh.
