Okay, like a long Disney fan, I really -that's direct-to-video Disney followers. Walt HIMSELF did not believe in them. He believed in "and they happily ever lived" to be the end of it. But this one ... really crossed the taco. There were so many ripoffs of other Disney movies in this, it wasn't fun. Quick summary, if you don't already know ...: Melody, Ariel's daughter and Prince Eric, were born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who essentially resembles Ursula, if she was to color herself and go to Ally Macbeal's hungry diet) discovers, and after trying to make the newborn's wife fail and fail, prophesies judgment for the characters. After this trial, Ariel goes into an obsession with being like her father and refusing to tell Melody about her mermaid heritage, and later forbids her to go near the sea. Good surprise surprise. Melody finds out to be the stubborn brat she is and runs away, and then an appointment with Morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (Gee makes it well known?) She becomes one, but in her half of the bargain one has to pick up her grandfather's trident and bring it back to the witch of the sea. While doing this, does she run into a pair of excluded animals, a penguin and a walrus named Timon and Pumb - huh? wait ... no! it's not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? Could fool me. Anyway, I'd like to reveal more, but pretty much everything that could be guessed, does. Ok so ... long story short. This movie "borrows" too much from other (better) Disney movies ... and makes it horrible. Come on ... Tip and dash? Why not just make Dash obscenely flatulent and make it an even more obvious ripoff! Ugh. Not to mention, the overall character slaughterhouse of Ariel's persona. She is away from being a freespirited, headstrong woman for a clone of her father. Not good at all ... they basically tell us the sweet, fiery little mermaid we've known to grow and love is dead. Plus Melody herself is not so great character ... she's damn annoying! And bratty! Not to mention what they did to Flounder. Ugh ... anyway, if you decide to see this piece created-mostly-for-profit reasons, no imagination, Eisner-sponsored c ****** t, I might suggest to wait 'for her at Disney channel or another TV station. Because it's not even worth the price of a rental. <br /> <br /> * out of ***** stars.
