I guess it was for Temple Matthews who basically wrote a remake, though there are few changes that just make it worse. SPOILERS: It looks a lot like the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgana escapes, but keeps her promise to take Melody away from them. Did Ursula have a sister?! And she is not as big a villain as Ursula was. This is where there is equality. Medoly is kept out of the sea until Morgana is caught, but she does not know anything about it, because it all happened when she was a baby. A wall surrounds the palace to keep her inside and out. She goes daily under the wall to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as funny or funny as in the original. She finds a seashell with her name on it and runs away from home and seeks answers and finds Morgana. Here is an equality; Morgana tricks Melody, makes her happy by turning here to a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton look after her. To become a mermaid, she must steal Trident from Triton. So melody does it because she doesn't know that King Triton is her father. She makes friends with a penguin and a walrus and here is where it's terrible. The penguins living with them in an ice-cold sea hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove they are heroes and fail. It doesn't fit the little mermaid. And the dialogue during these conversations between the penguins and the two characters is bleeding. you know why? Because the first one had a great story. This one is not and is not magical. It's just an example of how many many successors there are. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them and they help take her to Atlantica to prove herself. When they take the trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgana. The melody is angry with her mother to keep her off the sea so she gives Trident to Morgana, then she shows her true colors when she takes it. Poor Ariel and Melody are in her custody. The penguin and walrus begin to prove themselves as they fight for Morgana's sharks. Sorry I didn't mention him earlier. They finally prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but are forced to bow down to Morgana by the trident's power. Melody takes it, throws it to Triton and he feels Morgana (literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it's all her fault. It was not! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say it. Triton offers Melody to live in sea or land. She actually has a "better idea". She uses the trident to evaporate the wall so that people and people can be together. Then everyone sings a horrible song. END. <br /> <br /> The one who has seen it and likes this has obviously not seen the original. I don't like this because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very small. So when I got older, I started to see what was bad about this movie. Young young children will enjoy it, but it is likely that when they are in primary school, they will forget it. Normally, I would think I was filming a movie and it was better than I remember when I saw it again, but not the one. It's even worse. History is no exception. If you thought by reading this that the story is good, read more of this comment and you will know the other bad points: Now you know the story now. I'm sorry to spoil it for you, but I had to point out some bad parts of it. One of the worst things is the animation. The color is horrible. The original had beautiful color. When I saw this almost, I wanted to go blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original had a beautiful, magical color and a beautiful underwater landscape design and also to earth, which makes it a pleasure to see. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first, the music here is crap. Songs are not so well composed, and Tara Strong (I think it's her name) that Melody couldn't sing. She sometimes either sang too loudly or didn't watch the tune in the song. So much for having "Melody" as a name. And the music is not at all beautiful or moving. Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for it, and it really deserved it. This one deserved a raid prize for worst musical scores in a sequel if it were to exist. <br /> <br /> I didn't like the voices. Several people who played characters from the first did the same in this. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now that she is older, she is not served, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful. And I'm really disappointed with her and others who were in the first to be a part of this. If I was chosen for this movie, just by reading the script I can say it would be a bad movie. The characters are different now. Ariel is more clever now, but annoying. They exaggerated their character and made her mature. In successors, you are not supposed to change the characters unless it is for special reason. She was sixteen in the first. There is little chance that she will change. It's the scene when you become the person you need to be for the rest of your life. Writers should think about it. They should think about the character. <br /> <br /> Well, I suppose that's for me. I hope you find my comment useful because I am sure many of you will agree with my point of view.
