This movie makes me throw up every time I see it. If you take the first movie and turn the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, the daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then slap crappy animation and largest suction factor, possible, you get the little mermaid 2. It is basically a copy of the first movie with a reverse plot. I take you through the fright of it step by step. These are the people from the first movie: First of all, Prince Eric is still prince eric, with about 3 lines throughout the film. Ariel is uptight, annoying, and is not the carefree, haughty spirit we saw in 1. In fact, she's the opposite. Sebastian is still sebastians only less sweet, less convincing as stressed, and the jokes are just no more fun. Flounder has about 2 lines. He now has children and he speaks with a stupid nasal voice. Scuttle is still silly scuttle just not fun. King Triton's character is probably the best he still retains the threat and love of his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric do not seem to give a promise of their daughter. <br /> <br /> As mentioned, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. This is what they did: Ursula- The new evil villain is Morgana, Ursula's sister, who feels that she always lived in Ursula shade. I wouldn't be afraid of her if she showed up at my doorway with a knife. She can't do anything right and she's a mistake like a villain. She has the same voice ursula did. Sebastian & Flounder - Has been replaced by probably the most stupid side kicks, Tip & Dash, a walrus and a penguin. They try to be completely, but always fail when they try. The reason is so predictable. They become heroes at the end. Yawn. Flatson & Jetsom-Now replaced by a shark that was turned about 10x less by triton. Hes really bad too. Morgana and shark (sharkbait, I think his name) has no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our lovely mermaid was replaced by his lovely daughter, melody. The melody cannot sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you will hit her in the face because shes so fake sugary sweet. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and the kids make fun of her, she must find herself. yawn. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie boring and unoriginal its so simplistic when you watch this movie, you will grab how bad it is. Some parts of the movie will make you call Disney and ask why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original. Basically, comparing the little mermaid 2 to the little mermaid is like a comparison and Ed Wood movie to Casablanca. Never look at this, not even when you're bored.
