Night in the chamber: The most important night for any low girl is almost entirely of plastic. And then the signs reminded us every ten minutes when some major wheezing occurred in their lesser lives. There really is no excuse for Prom Night. There is less than no original about it and I would really have given it zero or smaller stars it was possible on IMDb. The only part of my show I enjoyed was when a group of teenagers sitting in front of us decided to play a game of ghosts. It was much more exciting than what happened on the screen in front of them. <br /> <br /> The reason was basically a guy on a rampage. And the thing was, it wasn't even a little exciting rampage. Perhaps if the guy was removed scary rather than a tame Robbie Williams lookalike with a baseball cap, I could have sat there feeling a little worried. The fact that I used less about the signs than I did about the color of the cinema rug, also did not add the effect. And to make matters worse, the rest of the characters were just as dimensional and ignorant. The hotel staff did not seem to notice or care that one of their maids had disappeared and is further evidence that a murderer cannot be recognized after having shaved. I was incredibly surprised that the bitch, stereotypical girl in the blue dress was the only person to notice who he was. She understands this and then continues to fall down the stairs, pamper herself in a plastic sheet and then knock over a pile of canvas. Nice one. <br /> <br /> The worst was I believe the director was trying his absolute hardest. He really shot all limits by not showing any killings that actually happened. Shocking! And the music doesn't even make me start. It was almost as appropriate to strip at a funeral. <br /> <br /> I really want Prom Night to be a joke. It was terrible and stupidly predictable. No one has in their right mind or otherwise any reason to watch this movie. The mainstream cinema seems to go downhill and movies like this aggravate the situation. If you want to see this horrible movie, hear my plea. Don't do it. There are better things to spend six pounds on. As a sheet to play ghosts with.
