.... ripoff of a dozen better movies. Especially Steven Martin's "LA Story", which at least had the grace to be of course fictional, even though the star was his then boyfriend and played his girlfriend in the movie. "Yes, naive boys and girls" 20 Dates "is a mockumentary, although I am not quite sure it was Myles Berkowitz's intention when he started. My impression is that he started the project half seriously and so quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not fun unless he made the situations more and more ridiculous. As a result, the whole thing has a restless, cheap and endless feeling. <br /> <br /> "sued and put retention orders on Myles and yet they appear in the movie, which would be impossible as it would require a consent form. It also seems to me that the majority of women appearing as" dates "are professional actresses (albiet not famous, except for Tina Carrere) - they are simply of course beautiful, polished, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians. <br /> <br /> Mr. Berkowitz makes a classic mistake by only casting this kind of beautiful thin actress, instead of exploiting a number of credible women, which may have made the premise (even in a mockumentary) more credible and more fun. He also skates over what is probably his real problem, and that is that both the movie character and the real world Myles Berkowitz seem to be functionally unemployed (his IMDb credits are in fact virtually non-existent, except for this movie). Even in the film world, his former wife divorced him never to be hired. I think the viewer (let alone Mr. Berkowitz's real life days) deserves an explanation that he manages to live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the United States, in a luxury apartment, driving a fancy car and eating out in expensive restaurants when he doesn't have seen any source of income at all. (Is he a drug dealer? Live off his rich parents? No idea!) <br /> <br /> You can get away with most things in a movie whose jokes are really fun. "20 Dates" is painful, embarrassingly UN fun. Mr. Berkowitz's idea of ​​a joke is to have his character, while at restaurant dates he notifies his companions how the food is served will likely give him either diarrhea or constipation - the WORST kind of childish pottery. <br /> <It is not surprising to find that Mr. Berkowitz never made a movie before "20 Dates" and for the last 8 years he has not made a single film, acted as an actor in someone else's movie OR had a writing or credit of any kind. My gut instinct tells me that this movie was not funded by "Elie" (the gangster money man appearing off-camera), but more likely by Mr. Berkowitz's wealthy parents, or perhaps represent a shocking misuse of credit cards. Whatever it was, we can all rest easy that we probably won't see Myles Berkowitz or any of his creative efforts ever again. Hallelujah !!!
