While Bondarchuk was at no time a young man when he was asked to work on this project, he was still a novice director with only one picture, a successful adaptation of a short second world history to his name. Bondarchuk had, of course, already been an established star for a decade, but thespian skills mean a little behind the camera, and as a director he was extremely unprepared to make such a production. And it appears from mixed shoot compositions that are particularly evident in group scenes, often unfortunate camera positions, wildly-varying performances to the director were apparently so overwhelmed by the large size of the task actors apparently left to their own devices, awkward voiceovers that sound like radio broadcasts. <br /> <br /> Vidor's "war and peace" was probably the most important reason for not having the Soviet government save any expense on this production. The Soviet Union's publication of Vidor's picture made a good gift. Surely Bondarchuk wanted to imitate Hollywood's greatest strength and find his own Audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a big-eyed dark-haired thing is actually Hepburn. Unfortunately, she was a Kirov ballet dancer without any acting or talent, so surprisingly the most friendly word I can find to describe her performance is "terrible". Although it can be expected that Soviet actors, Speaking the Same Language as Tolstoy's Signs, would have better understanding of them than foreigners, but this war and peace often shows that this is not the case. The revolutionary upheaval celebrated the thin upper layer of Russian culture earth, the world of war and peace grew out, so a good deal of these great names Soviet actors involved in this production often look like the American Americans performing Shakespeare That means, of course, that American actors may not be able to play Shakespeare credibly, but you will know what I mean if you witness American members of Branagh's adaptations). Of the three main characters, only Bondarchuks Pierre is commendable, but even he was too old to do so and feels out of place in the early days.
