Very poor, but watchable science fiction movie that suffers from abominable special effects, bad action and a ridiculous story. The film opens with a spaceship returning from exploration on Mars with a woman and a man with green slime on his arm. Through some hokey plot contrivances, she begins to tell what happened on this fateful journey, as almost all the bands seemed to be magnetically wiped out. Four astronauts take on this journey: A military type played by Gerald Mohr, a poor man's Humphrey Bogart, who speaks the word "Irish" and has the actress in a cod, there is Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and only female crew member on flight with three men wearing the most formfitting suits possible to highlight all of his curves, next, Les Tremaine, a wonderful character actor from cheap sci-fi movies like this as egghead and lastly Jack Kruschen as Sammy - the guy from Brooklyn with jokes and does not seem too bright even though he chooses his electronics expertise. None of these artists is really good, and everyone says their dialogue with little conviction. See Tremaine as he derives the scientific nonsense! Really the best of the four Kruschen - and it really says a lot about this movie. But poorly separated, the movie just falls apart when they land on Mars via flashback. The Angry Red Planet had a really cheap budget because Mars is really the American southwest with a heavy red color over it. When the story requires something that can see Martian, there are drawings placed with a heavy red color over them. You can tell that they are drawings. The monsters are perhaps even worse as we get a Bat rat spider with a size of over 40 feet that resembles some kids who came together and stitched dead animals together. The other important being is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye. Whew! These are bad. There is a nice drawing of a martensby, but there just wasn't enough of this in the movie. Despite all these big problems, The Angry Red Planet is a funny bad movie. It is really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. Most of the things they used in the movie are so outdated. A guy uses an electric shaver with a wire, and I thought they might come to Mars, but they still use wires. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look to much of the movie itself with budgetary limitations, but the story from him and Sid Pink does not fly. And how does it end with the music and the psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
