A spaceship comes from Mars; About a few months earlier, a 4-person expedition was sent to the Red Planet. Most of the image is a feedback to what happened over there. The picture is saddled by inane, melodramatic dialogue, typically for many sci-fi stakes from the fifties and sixties. For example, note how the ship's commander (Mohr) tells another crew member to "stay there" for no reason; as moving to another place inside the ship will cause a problem. Later, the command instructs two of the crew to remain in the ship while he and another go outside. The two he ordered to stay say "no way" and follow out; I did not have great hopes for the expedition's success at this point. There is a lot of talk about "ears pulling" and hugging a freeze-jet gun called "Cleo" (short of Cleopatra, of course). At least it would be pretty funny, unintentional if the story didn't need it. <br /> <br /> There is a very slow pace to it all; The astronauts spend so much time on the ship's window portals (which change color from red to blue), commenting on what they see as they actually explore outside. The Martian landscape, advertised as filmed in 'Cinemagic', typically resembles animation cuts or drawings that are pushed through an orange-red filter to give the illusion of interacting with the actors, who are strangely surrealistic due to the treatment. But I don't think it fools anyone over the age of 10. The one clever mention I noticed was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be tamed with unreality so that it would explain the unreal nature of the martial vista. Oh, okay ... I was amused by some of the astronaut's actions as they begin to explore; Just outside the bats, they test their freeze gun on a plant and kill it, just for hell of it. Then, a female member claims with a machete on what she thinks is a tree, but turns out to be the leg of the spider-root sample. Good, lady. Look up next time. No wonder that "intelligence" on Mars is disturbed and does not mind that one of the lower life forms, a giant amoeba, is attacking explorers. The action is not too impressive. Mohr especially had a very annoying technique, says a line and then suddenly breaks out into a big laugh that always scared me out - reminded me of it! Terror From Beyond Space. The end is pretty anti-climactic; Don't expect any great revelations beyond "no more expeditions" with freezer guns named Cleo.
