60 minutes in beautiful Christina Galbo trying to escape the isolated boarding school she brought to the beginning of the film. Does she run from a kind of fate to terribly consider a monster, a black man or a supernatural evil? No, she runs from a bunch of waves. In the other 40 minutes that follow, different characters go around the school in the dark, holding candelabra and looking distressed or confused, which doesn't say much in itself, perhaps because amazing movies have been made about it, but if you have to Signs that go around corridors and stairs, you better be Alain Resnais, or better know how to light the staircase in bright apple red and purple like Mario Bava. We know that a murderer stalks the school's perimeters, but his body number is pitiful and scanty, and in the absence of the visceral horrors one expects to find in giallo, we get no sense of scary mysteries / indescribable secrets that attach to a facade of order and piety and justice, that kind of movie La Residencia wants to be, but don't quite know how to do it. We know something is off because girls are reported missing, but we never get the terrific mysterious atmosphere that says "something is seriously f-cking wrong here man". When Serrador tries to comment on the female repression of female students, he does so with rapid hysteria and eye detail and cut lips, while high "shocking" music in the background. None of the aetherial beauty and longing for PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK can be found here. It's all a little clumsy and pointless, with no real sense of urgency or direction. A number of people are presented as suspects, but there is little reason to take care of the identity of a murderer who goes unnoticed by the characters inside the film. I like the first kill, the image of a knife target superimposed on the attacked face of the victim as a lullaby bell in the background, but the rest is too inconsistent for my taste. I must say that Serrador did much better with the killing children and paranoia you soleil of WHO CAN DO A CHILDREN?
