Virtually the only other actor who would be less likely to play Evel Knieval than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow Hamilton manages to switch to a reasonably effective portrayal (and as a producer of the movie he was unlikely to be fired or told he was not right for that part!) The bold motorcycle's early life is told here in several flashbacks. The movie opens with a rather stupid prologue with Hamilton in his white leather, star-spangled gear spouting the world according to Knieval as saying: "Don't worry. This movie is about my youth, but I come back in my well-known costume at the end of The picture. "Hamilton is preparing for a big leap, but still looks like his wounds from the previous one as devoted wife Lyon supports both and removes him. He recalls various vignettes in his childhood and criminal teens along with his early days as a stunt rider and booming celebrity. This flip-flop approach is rather abrupt and sometimes uneven, but it prevents the movie from sticking to one of its cheap sets for too long or from getting into a roll with the fair pedestrians. Hamilton, usually a suave and debonair persona, does a very good job of adopting the small details of his subject's meanings and behavior, including his walk. His hair is a shade lighter and longer, and he works hard to give the right bends in his speech. (He even pays less tribute to Knieval's many injuries by showing up in a scary towel while his shoulders are covered with "scars" from the multitude of accidents.) Facially, he doesn't look like the real cyclist, but he suggests him in his physical performance. Lyon is great at playing the young girl he loves and then the mundane wife, even though her 3-pack day vote threatens to give her away at any time. She and Hamilton look up a light chemistry that goes a long way in putting the film over. Other fine supporting turns are given by Freed as his cheated doctor, Cameron as an early influence and Taylor as a flea bite sidekick. The film was made on a low budget, but the story is nevertheless a fairly low rent, so it does not affect it too badly. The makers wisely used actual Butte, Montana locations to give the movie a really small urban environment. Several of Hamilton's antics are entertaining, though the sign is completely inappropriate and inappropriate for other people's property! Some of the real Knieval's finished and unsuccessful stunts are included in some unclear footage, one of which has a scary "splatter" where the man is rolled up and shattered like a rag doll. Hamilton's then (Stewart) appears short as a nurse.
