Well, you can't actually see any women in love with this movie, but you'll definitely hear women talking about love and men talking about love and women talking about men and men talking about women and men Talking about men and everyone talking about death and talking and talking until you will scream and do something that does not require anything to speak, like painting your bedroom or watering your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psycho-babble reigns supreme, and no one can come down to living a productive life because everyone is too busy and talks about how unproductive their lives are. Spend time with the characters in a D.H. Lawrence's novel is like being locked in a closet with a group of your most self-absorbed acquaintances that you would run away if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love", I desperately wanted to choke every character in it, but since I couldn't, I hoped they would at least choke each other. Alas, only one of them dies, not by choking, and I will not spoil it for you by telling which one if you actually tell about this story or any of these people. <br /> <br /> In order to give director Ken Russell the blame, he makes this filmed version as entertaining as it is possible to make this essentially unimaginable novel. He throws out a lot of the psychological mumbo jumbo that Lawrence offered and instead focuses on all the naughty parts, so we get lots of histrionic lovemaking in beds and fields, two bucks of naked men who break at firelight and an embarrassing scene with Alan Bates (yup, buck naked again) roaming around in a meadow love love for bushes and grass (I'm not fun). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the more dominant of the two sisters at the focus of history, and she is certainly trying hard to do anything with this material; someone would deserve an Oscar simply to carry Russell's decision to give her a scene in which to dance wildly in front of a herd of mystified-looking cattle. Oliver Reed has an expression, an intense glow. The whole thing is overwritten and excessive, and it's boring campy. In fact, this devotion is with "Mommie Dearest" as perhaps the most unintentional hysterical movie I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Degree: D
