"Prom Night" is a title-only remake of the 1980's slasher-flick that played Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This movie takes place in an Oregon city where Donna (Brittany Snow) is going to her senior prom and having fun after having undergone some extremely traumatic events in recent years. She and her friends arrive at the prom, which takes place in a grand hotel, and try to enjoy what was the most fun night in their lives. Someone, a man from Donna's past who has haunted her for years, is also on the prom ... and is willing to kill anyone in the way of her pursuit of her. <br /> <br /> I 'am a fan of the original "Prom Night" so I tried to keep a little hope in this movie, but I have to admit that I was quite disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst suffering a horror movie could have, and that is predictability. There are absolutely no surprises here and I felt I had seen everything in this movie done dozens of times, often better before. What does this correspond to the audience? Boredom. Unless of course you have never seen any horror movies or are part of the pre-teen crowd, but most of the audience will probably be able to guess almost anything that will happen. The plot is simplified, but the entire script is void of any kind of surprise, twist, atmosphere or something, and it really hurts the movie because it never really gives the audience something to sink their teeth into. It all just seemed very boring . Many people seem to complain about the fact that this is also a PG-13 slasher movie, and I understand what they say, but I don't think it's impossible to make a good slasher movie with minimal gore. Take the carpenter's "Halloween" for example - a little to no one on the screen's violence, but still an extremely scary and effective movie. You do not have to make a movie scary, but even "Prom Night" had been violently violent (as it is, it is very tame), it would still have added a little to the movie because there is not much script in it to build on at first. The excitement and excitement here are mild at best, and I spent most of the movie predicting the outcome of situations and was correct about 99% of the time. Our characters are not well-written enough, either for the public to make any connection with them, and their by-the-numbers crashes are routine and careless. <br /> <br /> I would like to point out a few things I liked about this movie, but because it was not completely useless - the cinematography is really nice and everything was very well filmed and pretty stylish. Among the "jumps" scratches (which are mostly very predictable) there were a couple who were kind of wise. The sets for the film are also good, and the hotel is a nice place for the plot to unfold, however predictably the unfolding can be. With regard to the play, it is mediocre at best. Brittany Snow plays the manager decently, but in reality the rest of the player doesn't show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain and is probably the most experienced performer here, but himself he is not that impressive. However, I liked the character he played, which was a nice change from the typical "masked-stalker" type killer we see a lot. As far as the end goes, the last fifteen minutes of the movie had bored me to the end of my water and it was very anti-climactic. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very by-the-numbers, routine and predictable, which is a little disturbing given that this had the potential to be a decent slasher movie. There were a few nice moments, but the film lacked any excitement or atmosphere, and had little plot development or credible signs. I would advise experienced scary fans to save their money and wait until it is out on video or rent the original instead, for there are absolutely no surprises here. Some may find some entertainment in it, but it was too predictable for my taste. I expected better, and left the theater very disappointed. 10.3.
