I made almost a fool of myself when I had to start this review by saying "This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT", but then I looked up the resume of screenwriter Lee Hall to find out he was the guy who wrote BILLY ELLIOT so it is Mr Hall who does not fool me by himself. <br /> <br /> Am I a bit cruel at him? No, because Lee has something that most other aspiring scriptwriters from Britain do not have - he has his foot in the door, he has previously written a successful British film that won awards and made money at the box office, and what does he do next? He gives the audience more of the same <br /> <br /> Young Jimmy Spud lives on some kitchen sinks. He is bullied at school and no one loves him. The only thing that keeps him going is that he has ambitions to be a ballet dancer. No, he actually strives to be an angel, but considering his household he may as well be a ballet dancer. He has a macho waster by a father who thinks "Ballet dancers are a bunch of poofs while his grandfather says" Ballet dancers are as tough as anyone you can meet. I remember seeing Bolshoi ballet ... "Yup Ballet is a main point on a relegation of British town hall those days - NOT. Come to think of it is also leftist policy, which seems to be the only preservation of the middle class goodies that live in lovely big houses, so immediately feel everything about this setup is ridiculously false, another big criticism is that this is a movie that has no idea who it is trying to appeal to. 4 to broadcast movies at completely inappropriate times (The country, for example, forgotten at 6 am), but they showed it at 2 o'clock, and once they have seen it, considering the story involves politics, ballet dance (Gawd I hate it) lung cancer and poverty there is no way that can be considered suitable for a family audience, but since the protagonist is an 11 year old child and has angels and ballet dancers (don't blame me if I seem obsessed with the subject - there was no horror nd to refer to them) nor is there much here for an intelligent adult audience either. <br /> <br /> Of course, if Lee Hall was told at the script development stage by the producers that he was going to write a story with a schoolgirl and an angel and refused to say he wanted to write about other themes and stories then I apologize, but in the whole movie you get the feeling that when the movie was finished, it would be marketed to the same audience who enjoyed BILLY ELLIOT
