You can tell a Lew Grade production a mile away? clearly British in style; epic in conception; the people of international all-star casts; usually put in exotic clusters. It is a formula that Grade and his company ITC employed throughout the 70s in the early 80s, resulting in titles such as The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977, Grade March Or Die produced a remarkably old-fashioned foreign legion adventure that models all of the above features. Directed by the normally reliable Dick Richards ?? As hell the shelf farewell just a few years earlier - March or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company of foreign legionaries led by the hard disciplinary general foster (gene hackman) is sent immediately to Morocco after World War I. Their mission is to protect an archaeological party in front of dedicated Francois Marneau (Max Von Sydow). The archaeologists perform an excavation in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack by Arab tribal people after decimation of a former archaeological group. Foster is not satisfied with the task ?? he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of his men who risk their lives. This creates continuous tensions between himself and Marneau, who believe that the legionaries must sacrifice their lives to make the excavation possible. The problems rise when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) marks with the legionaries. She hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian abducted by the Arabs, when they expelled the first archaeological team. Her presence arouses lust among the legionaries, no more than the gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a charming and courageous villain who initially shows indifference to his legion colleges, but gradually grows in stature. Things climb with a big blow in Erfoud, with swarms of united Arab tribes charging towards a handful of legionaries as they desperately try to defend their lives. On paper, star artist Gene Hackman and Terence Hill see out a mismatch ?? Hackman is the heavy Oscar-winning character actor, Hill's beautiful but limited Italian heartbeat from many low-budget spaghetti westerns. It is expected that Hackman will act the opposite of the screen. Still, it is rarely Hackman giving the weak and uninvolving performance, while Hill raises his game to surprisingly high levels. The film is beautifully shot at desert sites, but the pacings are very slow and few of the characters are worth watching. Maurice Jarre's music is exceptionally flat for ?? very disappointing from the guy who gave us the Lawrence Of Arabia score. It is noteworthy that everyone had fun trying out an old-fashioned adventure of this type in the 70s (it was a genre that peaked in the 30s and had been anything but forgotten over the last few decades). Unfortunately, gamble doesn't really pay? This tribute to the legionary flicks of old becomes more of a river than a march.
