It is curious that Meet The People's two stars were a couple of movie stars who entered the new TV medium and became even bigger successes and both entered the production of things and enjoyed the tycoon status on the small screen. Lucille Ball, however, was not a big star that would come with TV. As for Dick Powell, he desperately wanted to make movies like Meet The People, and his career ointment would come in his next movie. I think the only reason Dick Powell made the movie was because a young MGM player was thrown in a special number and he saw her at that time. His private time with June Allyson was far better than what we see on the screen. Powell looks boring and can't sum up any kind of feeling at all. He was probably tired of making these musicals with stupid plots, the kind he ran from Warner Brothers. The original show Meet The People was not a book show, it was a revue and it ran in the 1940-41 season on Broadway for 160 shows. When MGM bought it, they scraped everything but the title and title song. The rest of the score was patched together from different and different songwriters, none of the songs being memorable. Strange when you consider that some of the source material is from Burton Lane, E.Y. Harburg, Harold Arlen and Rodgers & Hart. These guys just have to empty the trunk for material. <br /> <br /> The reason is silly than even most of the musical propaganda pieces of the time. Powell is the author of a Revue called Meet The People, and he is a shipyard worker who wins a lottery date with the movie star Lucille Ball. She is interested, he is interested, they are both interested in the revue, but creative differences keep them apart of course until the final. It's the movie in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> MGM gave Powell and Ball some good musical actions, the main reason for seeing Meet the People. The great bands of Vaughn Monroe and Spike Jones are here and the highlight of the movie for me is Bert Lahr dressed in a commodore's suit that Lou Costello had in the dream sequence of In The Navy. The song Heave Ho is written by Arlen and Harburg, who wrote to the Lahr, Courage number from The Wizard Of Oz. And since almost everyone in the world has seen that movie, you have an idea that Heave Ho is like. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell's next film was Murder My Sweet, where he finally offers a not so horrible adieu to musicals. And Lucy had to wait for television before the world came to see what she could really do.
