"New Best Friend" is another post in "stole another woman's life" underneath; the best of which are "Single White Female" and "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle"; The worse you can catch almost every afternoon on the Lifetime Channel. For some reason, this type of identity theft occurs exclusively for women. <br /> <br /> There are only two basic ways to play this type of story. You can hurt the woman in the beginning and let the audience see consciously as she closes and executes her evil scheme. Or you use misdirection to make her a good person, as a seemingly unplanned series of events breaks in her favor until she is revealed to be evil in the climate. Unfortunately, the decision makers of "New Best Friend" could not decide how they would play it, and things collide and burn early. We first meet Alicia (Mia Kirshner) scamming college financial assistance scholarship money office. We now know that she is a bad person and will see all her subsequent activities with suspicion. But the director and editor apparently forgot that this revelation had been made and spend the next 50 minutes putting misdirection to make us believe that Alicia is a good person. This introduces the only element of excitement, not whether she is vicious, but about when the instructor and editor will show up and stop wasting our time with transparent misdirection. <br /> <br /> "New best friend" suffers more than most of the youth film curse of a cast too old to exhibit undergraduate students. There are really only two major parts, Hadley (Meredith Monroe) and Alicia (Kirshner). They were 31 and 26 respectively at the time of production. It almost works for the 26-year-old Kirshner when she plays the mousy version of Alicia, but it gets sharp as she transforms into the glamorous version of Alicia. Monroe's casting is simply a joke, as if having Nicholette Sheridan try to pass as a classmate on "Lizzie McGwire". She looks much closer to a mid-life crisis than to a journal. Producers must have many favors because this age question extends to most supporting signs. Taye Diggs, who plays the city's sheriff, is younger than most of the students. The basic set-up is that Hadley and two other rich party girls (played by Dominque Swain-age 21 and Rachel True-age 35) are undergraduate roommates in college. They share (like their student residence) a mansion that is nicer and better furnished than the Real World-New Orleans mansion (a prerequisite more credible than football mothers playing students). Alicia moves into the mansion and begins to take over Hadley's life. At least that way, Swain finally gets a roommate from his own generation so the two can have a lesbian scene. Swain's supportive performance is the only good thing about "New Best Friend", and her love scene with Kirshner is amazing, so cool and artistic that it doesn't fit any of the other segments, maybe it was subordinated to a good director and cinematographer. The unintentional hilarious story is featured in a series of daring flashbacks of spooky sex and non-stop parties, each of which is shot by a comatose Alicia in a hospital bed. Ca. half of Kirshner's screen time spent motionless with a tube in his mouth. Not a good career movement Mia. <br /> <br /> So again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
