Geez, another Lifetime movie, but once again isn't exactly the worst movie in the world, but far from the best. I think the biggest problem is that it's pretty obvious who is responsible for what, and it's generally quite predictable. Worse yet, some of the flashbacks ended up being confusing, and the viewer left wondering "okay, how much should I care about?" One thing I liked is that the movie shows you that it is never as simple as "the good are good and the bad are bad," and sometimes it is evil against evil rather than good against evil. Hadley did not do what she did out of justice, she did it because she considered herself eligible for a job to be a family, and to eliminate the competition. As for Alicia, it simply shows that a victim is not always a good person. Some of them really "have it come" even though "it" was a painful, horrible death. "The Burning Bed" is a good example of this, but the difference is that the evil man in "The Burning Bed" got exactly what he deserved. But has Alicia "got it"? Some will say she did, but others do not agree and the law does not. <br /> <br /> As for acting, it's a mixed bag. Some do a good job as Mia, but others just came across as indifferent to their roles. They were mostly wood or simply not convincing. The music was pretty cool, and some of the scenes are nice and steamy, especially if you like girl / girl action. The film is not badly shot at all, but in light of its sharp weaknesses, the strength of the background is unfortunately. <br /> <br /> I have heard rumors of a successor, but given the years I doubt it will happen But I wouldn't be surprised if a successor suddenly appeared. If Alicia is so vicious, boring and awful as people say, I don't think she'll think, "Yes, I woke up from a coma!" Oh, Hadley was responsible? Oh! It is okay! I completely forgive her and want the charges to fall! "Never would Hadley be in jail for a long time anyway, if she even did so, since no murder has happened. <br /> <br /> Anyway, worth checking at least once!
