We see a body of dead girls in a morning with the coronary trying to close the girls' eyes, but what he tries, they will not remain open. Then we move into the future and we follow a group of former school friends who hide a horrible secret, but suddenly they begin to be picked up by one after another on many pig roads. Through flashbacks, we learn about this terrible suicide of a shy girl trying to be one of the groups, but she was shut down by them, digging up her past and finding out some weird events. Then she's back from the grave and is looking for revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a great and always creepy story! Well, that's what I hope I could say. And "hope" was as good as it got. This is a forgettable, so-so supernatural horror flick that I actually saw before, but I went in believing it was my first impression. So to my surprise it hit me when I started picking up some things, but as I said it was a pretty forgettable mix that it felt like a first impression again. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds a "few" changes to the gruel. Oh, give me something that is a little more fresh. It doesn't have to be completely original, but it's a formal and sometimes quite tired J-horror flick. Although it stretches along the usual ghost story that involves you guessed right, an evil look, vengeance chicken duck. <br /> <br /> But despite my negativity in it being the same old, same old story and jolter. This one kind of entertainment when it is laughing and popping in some creepy visuals. The deaths are vividly exhibited with bites and some originality. The gloomy atmosphere promotes the audience with the creepy lighting. Scene involving the spirit that terrorizes one of the girls is a blood-fighting experience, but really when it doesn't try to shock you. I found it rather to induce and I was thinking of getting some glances. It can be hard, but it just didn't go anywhere of any interest between these shock moments. You can say that because the supposed mystery is really not much of it, the insecure story is simply flat, and the characters are a self-centered bunch that you don't really worry about what happens to them. The inconsistent history should have focused more on the spirit than on those cold characters who have an unconvincing group life. It just overlayed its cards by being overly muddled and taking too long to get started, when it comes to climax it is just ridiculous. The movie's scary ending is, however, a highlight. <br /> <br /> The movie looks great, even though it could have done without snazzy, quick fire editing, and the music score was a bit enchanting when playing the mood. The performances enter a fine line, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the lead. It's nothing new, and it steals fun ideas, but if you look past, it gives some unpleasant tensions. Although I found the handling of the rather blunt, despite the odd effective chills. A standard effort all the time I think, but it is just as failure.
