In a variant of Sholay, Ram Gopal hits Verma into what can be called an unknown area where blockbuster takes a new form. Thakur goes south. Mohanlal as the Narsimha police authority whose family has been killed seeking revenge Madrasi style. The accent is completely south Indian as opposed to Thakur from the north. The cut off of Thakur's hands by Gabbar is also cut down to the fingers of Aag. Then the cost is down because there is no effort to hide the hands, but only a long shoulder curve covers the cut fingers. Moreso in the climax where Thakur uses his legs and says "Tere Liye to blossoms, hey kaafi hai" here uses Narsimha's finger stubs to shoot a gun and kill the villain. Babban, the new aftar of gangs is also different. He's not from Bihar or UP. He's Bambaiya. Gabbar's infamous laughter is also in two installments this time and is more subdued. Babban asks for Diwali instead of Holi and the romance Urmila replacement of Helen in Mehbooba. he dances and also enjoys dancing with Abhisheh who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba.Babban is more intelligent this time. He throws the apple and asks the question that caused Isaac Newton to discover gravity requirements. Basanti is more verbose than Auto driver Ghungroo. Nisha Kothari can't play the automatic driver and looks artificially using words like "entertaining" and "too much" with gay surrender. Viru was fun, while Ajay Devgun is a misfit for the role. The god speaks to the Basanti event, and the shooting lesson and the Koi Haseena song and water tank sequences are painful. The water tank becomes a well, and the drunken Devgun is so poor in the order that the audience would have wanted him to commit suicide. Jai was complex and serious. Prashant Raj is better than the others because we don't expect anything from him. But he also bugs on the Mausi sequence. He is not as romantic as Jai with the mouth organ. Jaya's role as Sushmita plays changes career. A clean housewife becomes a doctor this time in full time social service after her husband is killed. She also lacks the pain Jaya showed. Her flirtations with Jai are more open this time. Samba gets a bigger role this time as Tambe. He doesn't have to pistol and answer questions about Gabbar this time. He follows Babban anywhere he goes and is a bodyguard with more visibility outside the heath. Horses provide space for jeeps and cars. The gabber's shadow here changes, and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. All in all, it's more of a spoof than anything else. RGV comes up with its own interpretation of the classic. But we remember the original so well even after three decades that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and changed dialogues. So we call it a spoof. Then stop Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao Jaan) to make remixes and start making originals.
