Sholay: Considered one of the greatest films. I have always wondered if they would ever recreate to be the classic it is. It was then that RGV announced this movie and I was a little excited to see it. I have always thought that it might be a good movie, but every week we will change the RGV something here. And the film is a very B-grade movie, something I hadn't hoped for. <br /> <br /> I was really trying to look for positives, but I promised to keep Sholay out of my mind. The kinematics are amazing. The film is trying to be its own. But it's up since. The action sequences are weak. The play had potential. The biggest mistake is editing. None of the scenes span you. For example, the comedy sequences felt very out of place and forced. Ironic because comedy was just as entertaining in the original. And none of the characters have been developed. And no scenes will love until the end. And the end was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest issue is trading. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing big. It seemed as if they were concentrating too much on their appearance, that the sign only looks threatening, but you will not be scared. Mohanlal is hardly in the movie, but he impresses in his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It wasn't so much performance, he gave it his whole, it was the weak script. Prashant Raj is very safe and has the potential to do it far with better movies. <br /> <br /> I had most expectations for Sushmita Sen, who was probably the best of the party. She was expressive, but it was still not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She seemed uninterested for the most part, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was quite good. Seems like she needs to find an instructor who will help her talent, not her sweet look. But what disappointed me most was chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not resemble friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. There was no passion between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not have the hateful passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for songs, they suck pretty much. Urmila's Mehbooba was too overblown and I slept pretty much through it. It was nicely danced. The Holi number was pleasant but not memorable. Same went to the other songs. For anyone looking forward to this movie, I was very disappointed. I had great hopes for the RGV because of his jungle, but seems to have lost his talent while recording this movie. But hopefully he regains his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this movie is best forgotten. All positive positions still do not make up for the boring movie it is.
