I can't come up with enough words to describe the horror I felt sitting in the movie theater that looked at Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the director's half-hearted attempt to pay tribute to the classic Bollywood western, Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's remake is that he doesn't even try to make a credible movie. It is evident in every single frame of this film that Varma's heart is just not in it. What you see on the screen is at best a bad joke, a gimmick from the filmmaker's side, and it makes it hard to see how little respect he actually shows for a movie he claims he has been a fan of all his life. I've seen several bad movies over the years, but I can't remember someone who has been so much of a torture to sit through like this. Consider yourself very courageous if you are able to survive the whole movie because it tests your patience as few movies have before. Varma can borrow his plot and characters from the original movie, but his version is thin and hollow and does not have any of Sholay's spirit and energy. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a blasphemy of the timeless gem, because it turns out to be all that the original film was not - over-top, too long and too boring and totally thoughtless. Very beloved moments from Sholay are parodyed by Varma and for that you will twist your neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay where Dharmendra as Veeru climbs into the water tank and threatens to jump down to his death turns in this movie, where Ajay Devgan plays Hero and pulls a gun in the head and threatens to shoot itself. How you wanted him, he had pulled the trigger and saved us all the pain. Not only does Ramgopal hit Varma Ki Aag as a remake of Sholay, it is a pretty bad effort even as a stand-alone movie. The eardrum disturbing background score sounds more like any sounding ships in the kitchen, and camera work shifts between dramatic and head-spinning. Partners in this horrible crime of bringing this ridiculous movie to the screen are the film's most dead-as-wood actors. Sushmita Sen as Devi, the widow takes both her role and the movie too seriously, draws her lines of breaks, stares in the camera for power and generally performs as her life depends on it. Mohanlal as Narsimha, struggles with his Hindi dialogue and looks embarrassed about delivering some of the stupid lines in his famous career. Beginner Prashant Raj plays Jai-equivalent Raj has no plays to talk about and cannot interfere with any of the burning intensity Amitabh Bachchan brought to the role of the original film. As the hero, the new age Veeru, Ajay Devgan is completely hopeless, mistaken in his attempt at comedy. But the film's weakest link, the most shocking cast decision, is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who enters the shoes of Hema Malini as Basanti, the welcoming Sholay airbag. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but possibly the worst actress in this wide world, she gives the word an annoying word, and she makes you throw your wrists every time she is on the screen. And then there is Amitabh Bachchan, who plays Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of the Hindi cinema's most popular villain Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this ensemble that recognizes the film's overtone tone and plays together accordingly, builds Bachchan a threatening character, which is a treat to see. He is supposed to be a comic villain who spins and laces and lifts and hams, and he does all that well. But because he is trapped in such a doomed business, his performance does not help to raise the film in any way. No surprises here, I go down out of ten and two inches down for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, it's one of the painful movie experiences you wouldn't submit to even an enemy. It is not like that Varma has not handled a remake before. With Sarkar he gave us a smart and grabbed at The Godfather, and it's a pity he made this Sholay bhature out of such a beloved classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst career decision ever, it's also a dark place on his resume, he gets embarrassed forever. I suppose this movie will go down in film history as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
