A drama in the core itself, "Anna" shows the true truth that all actors age and sometimes fade away. Anna is a sign that thinks America is her safety net, her home, and can't make her wrong? But she refuses to pamper herself for doing work she does not believe in. She is stubborn, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, but not afraid of letting others in, but releasing them at a moment's notice. Anna flip-flops between personalities, making this movie ideal for an aging star, but not the idea of ​​viewers. "Anna" has been praised for her star Sally Kirkland, and her ability to become "grungy" for the role, but a month in 2008, remains "Anna" not a staple for movie culture. It is dated, boring and formally chaotic. Director Yurek Bogayevicz has filed a message within "Anna" about Czechoslovakia's lie, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to let them react to her. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames, so Kirkland can stand out and he is not afraid to diminish the surrounding figures, so when you go away from the movie, it is Kirkland you remember. If it's not obvious, this movie didn't fit well with me. From the opening of the first act and deep within the second, "Anna" felt like a high school theater production. The signs were non-existent, there was no enlightening history, and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland who stubbornly said she is better than the other actresses looking for the same lifestyle she wants. Coincidentally, she meets a friend, a young girl who has also traveled a long distance to come to America for glitz and glamor, and two of them (within 20 minutes) build a friendship that can break all walls. It is emotionally boring and incredible. Again we randomly meet Anna's boyfriend Daniel (played by the weak Robert Fields) who doesn't bring anything to the table in terms of definition or character ?? only to raise awareness of Kirkland's Anna. Over the course of almost two hours, we see that several random actions combined with unnamed characters merge together to create a story that is held together by loose thread? and SALLY CHURCH. Angry, it makes me guilty of continuing to say this, but "Anna" could have been a great movie if Bogayevicz had just presented time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but instead we are forced to a one-sided game where Emotional scenes speak higher than plot. Is this where Charlize Theron found inspiration for his unadulterated role in "Monster" or Halle Berry in "Monster's Ball"? Was Sally Kirkland one of the early actresses discovered that Oscar will shine in their direction by letting go of character? Throughout this movie I was spoiled by Kirkland's depiction of Anna, and Bogayevicz's lack of excitement for any other fluid. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna who doesn't work hard for her parts, doesn't care about others and is generally medieval? but we should feel sympathy for her? Near the film she forces what she wants to do on others, and gets sad when she doesn't get her way. Sure, aging actresses I have appealed to, but Kirkland creates a more childish character instead of a mature one. This is where "Anna" could have improved. If this was a mature Kirkland, I would have gobbled it up, but this stubborn childish Anna was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene was near the end, when Anna goes to see one of her older films playing (included absurd make-out characters) and the movie is burning, this scene is also one of my least favorite. Anna has created a phenomenal life for herself, creates movies and builds the dream, but when someone else enters this spotlight, she becomes jealous and angry. This didn't make for a sign I wanted to stand behind or win the Oscars. Along with the classic 80s background synthesizer, the monstrous over-top wardrobe and the displaced end (where did it come from and what happened?) ?? "Anna" went a long way within the framework of fantastic cinema. It was a showpiece, an opportunity for an aging star to shout to the world once more. In this one it worked, but I don't think I will fool again. <br /> <br /> All in all, I can't say I was impressed with this movie. "Anna" is not a film about an aging movie star; It's about Sally Kirkland, and only Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but fails either because Kirkland does not allow him or he just realizes that there is not enough to support a complete story. There are one or two decent scenes in this movie, but nothing that promotes this movie as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz did not create a sign that the audience would believe, tear up or set aside a Sunday afternoon with ?? He created an irritation. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who played a little overdone and crusty on the sides. Maybe I missed the reach of this movie, but what makes movies like this work is the collaboration between everyone involved. That was not the case here. In "Anna" Kirkland orders Daniel to act as a dog (apparently as a symbolic act) and yet throughout the emotional scene I couldn't help but believe that what Kirkland was like them on the set. She didn't make this a movie, she turned it into her own production, and because of that, Anna failed. I can't suggest this to anyone ?? from one Czech to another ?? Skip it! <br /> <br /> Degree: * ½ out of ***** (for the annoying theater scene that scared me)
