There are some redeeming qualities for this show. One is that the theme has a decent melody. The show has a good premise. Also, I'm probably in the minority, but I like Wanda. I like the fact that she is caring and is more like a mother of Timmy. But despite all this, I don't like this show, it's not excrement, but I find it very annoying. <br /> <br /> I don't want to say it's the best animated show on Planet Earth. When I use this expression for an animated television show, I think of Peter Pan and Pirates, I think of Darkwing Duck, I think of Scooby Doo and I think of Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who really likes the Wild Thornberrys and insults the fact that it is poker fun. Nor do I think just odd parents are the worst animated show on planet earth. I accept it's annoying and in some ways overvalued, but it's not the worst show on Nickolodean. It's the lime zone, the god that shows is uatches. But the worst animated show I've ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get a clue that is scary animated, unfunny and honestly a disgrace. One thing I don't like about this show is the animation. The characters, forgive me if I offend, have very strange facial features, and many backgrounds are boring and lack the color that makes Spongebob Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys so nice to look at. The signs with the exception of Wanda I find very annoying. I can't believe such a talented voice actress like Tara Strong (aka Charendoff) said Timmy. Timmy I do not find very sympathetic as a main character at all, he is annoying and sometimes patronizing, and he is also a poor decision maker. And his voice comes on my nerves. I like Strong, but not in this show. Another annoying character is Cosmo, the supposedly funny character. Instead, his jokes are just as unfunny as they could be. They are either a) constructed or b) familiar. Timmy's parents are horrible characters who do not give a cast of their son, and their personalities have good thinness. The history lines are very unoriginal at most, and I still think where have I seen this before. The episodes after the arrival of the child I thought were unwatchable. Even worse are the scripts, very unfunny, childish, invaluable and suffering from a complete lack of energy. All in all, not the worst show ever, but rather poor for an animation fan and pretty uncomfortable to sit through. 3/10 there are redeeming qualities and I fully understand whether people like it. Bethany Cox
