I first started to see this show probably around 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course at that time I was younger and enjoyed some of the jokes on this show. I was 11 in 2003 and I'm 14 now (2007). Although my age probably plays a big part in how I judge this show after reading others' reviews, I have come to see that after the third season, this show went down in the tubes. I agree. The show is about Timmy Turner, who was awarded two Fairy Godparents because his life was basically horrible - his parents were never around and he had an unlucky baby sitter. The reason for the whole show is that this child (Timmy) and his grandparents always want a destruction that cannot be prevented by making another wish because something in "Da Rules" says they can't. The show has many lines that continue to be repeated as "magic cannot break true love, super toilet" or even just some scummy jokes lines that Nickelodeon probably thought were fun and decided to put the episode differently. <br /> The show is aimed at children under 10 because it involves gross situations and "kid humor" that most children of my age would not care for. The text voice choices could have been better too. Timmy has an extremely tall, sharp, feminine voice like Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's father sounds like an advertiser or game viewer, Timmy's mother's voice is too exaggerated to sound feminine. Attitudes in this show are: in some episodes Timmy speaks back and seems spoiled and snobbish. Wanda is apparently smart and smart. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and unable to think, as is Timmy's father. Timmy's mother seems to end up doing whatever Timmy's father does. <br /> <br /> The show is too far away from reality to get my taste more. Maybe as a younger child I could see more of humor in this show, but when I grow up, it gets really old. And not to sound admitted or "trashing", but the show has the mentality that makes you commit homosexual activity against the characters. A show like this should just be your attitude if you know what I mean. If not, basically detest you.
