I may not have been the biggest Blair Witch fan, but nevertheless appreciate that effort so I was looking forward to Altered, especially after reading the superlatives thrown around in various IMDb comments. "Unique", "intelligent", "A future cult classic" etc. You have to ask yourself where people come up with the things to describe such a bad effort. Because, unfortunately, Altered is a bad, weak movie that doesn't go in every respect. Silliness is not fun. Horror and gore are not scary. And whatever "thinking" aspect that some poor comrades saw in this movie was due to serious delusions because there is nothing deep or wise about this mess. OK, so we know nothing that stands out. Is it at least tolerable? Is the experience worthwhile in any way? Unfortunately not. To begin with, get very bad acting. It is not a stretch to say that most B movies these days have a better function. The plot? Drilling and cluttering. Dialogues? Many amateurs actually do better. <br /> <br /> It's really the direction that puzzles. I don't expect major improvements over Blair Witch, but at least small steps forward. Instead, our director seems to have deteriorated over time, totally unaware of past experience. <br /> <br /> If there's a big mistake in Altered, it's the most important set. Much of the plot takes place in a single place where the main characters are limited, but Sánchez has failed to give the place any personality at all. Considering that in the woods of the forest, the forest plays a major role and is as much character (an antagonist if you want) as the three students, you would think the director would realize that the same was necessary here. But no ... this place has no personality whatsoever thanks to dull direction and no attention to detail. <br /> <br /> There is nothing life-saving here. Die hard fans of "Blair Witch" are better off by Daniel Myrick. Although his production is far from golden, it shows better structure than Sánchez and some lessons from Blair Witch are used (unfortunately in weak stories but still).
