When I first saw the trailer for Prom Night, I have to admit that the trailer looked good, and so it would be a fun horror movie. So my friend and I saw Prom Night last night, and I have to say that I have to grow up because it was such a ridiculous movie, not to mention, I'm so sick and tired of the typical horror slasher movies with the loud sounds as an excuse to scare people. There were no tensions, the signs, how would I break them? They had no development, what-so-ever killer?! Oh, my God, this was possibly the most stupid serial killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but why would a man who never (or at least we know) killed anyone before, kill a girl's family and friends that he's just obsessed with? I mean, should he kidnap her or should he kill her? I have no idea because this movie didn't make sense and is too predictable and insulting to true fans of horror. <br /> <br /> Dona's family was just brutally murdered by her teacher, who has become very obsessed with her, he was captured and imprisoned. It has been 3 years and she gets just a little peace in her life, she even goes to her senior preparation. But the killer has escaped and still has Donna after him, he follows her to her, which means bad news for her friends and the hotel girl and the mountain cat, because it's a good idea to kill the girl and the bell boy, so no one is suspicious enough to check to see where this employee is. Donna is in big trouble because also this murderer, who is clearly human, can seem to enter houses without notice and can kill people so silently, just wow. I'm sorry I really wanted to love this movie, we haven't had a good slasher flick for a long time, but it was just a stupid movie I wasn't impressed with. Only the situations were incredible and the actors were unpleasant. I know this was a PG-13 movie, but I just love how someone was brutally stabbed to death and they have little blood on their clothes? Not to mention no staff holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are a teenager, this movie was made for teens, not adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, no offense to those who enjoy this movie, but I don't understand how anyone could. <br /> <br /> 2/10
