"The Hazing" is one of those movies I would always see based solely on the illustrated cover image here on IMDb. Yes, it's so low I am! I don't care if ten million people call it a crap movie, the poster looks great, so I just have to see it ?? Now "The Hazing" can be described as its alternative title: curious! The poster and title make it sound like a real horror movie set on campus and deals with creepy initiation rituals, but this film is actually more of a cross-section between comedy and thriller. First of all, there is something very wrong with the tagline on the old VHS box, I saw. It says: He had good grades, a good girl and good friends ?? until they put him through the dangerous. "It's not the case, in fact. The protagonist Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by a recognized campus through an athletic scholarship. It takes over half the film before we even hear about his girlfriend at home and the only" buddy "he has is a very nerdy Charles Martin Smith (still with hair in this movie) Both are aimed at becoming members of the prestigious "Part" brotherhood, but during their hazing exam, where they are going down the mountain dressed in their tidy white undies ?? Barney falls off a cliff and breaks his leg. When Lewis returns with the other frat boys, Barney froze already, and together they intended to keep the body frozen for five days and then claim he never returned from a weekend ski trip "With Barney's body tucked into the cafeteria freezer, Lewis has to cover for him so Barney's absence doesn't look suspicious. The" The Hazing "setup is quite original and potentially innovative, but the professional blemish r is that the performance could easily have been much better. The tone is too stable and too serious for a comedy film, even a black one, but on the other hand there is no actual attempt to build up tension or tension, even. The soundtrack is cheerful and full of light heads, but it's hardly enough to make this movie a comedy. About an hour in the movie, the plot also runs out of steam and idea, and the decision makers have no better alternative to filling the emptiness with romantic compilations of Lewis and his outer city lover cycling through the country. I did not like the final twist, because it is quite incredible and because it has been done many times before and after (though that is said). "The Hazing" is not a waste of time, but I am still glad I found an ex-leash at a friend's house rather than having to spend money on the newly released DVD.
