The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the academy. Its director, Joe Wright, has already written a best picture candidate. The leading actor, Robert Downey Jr., starred in a very famous superhero movie. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously pulled from the release at the end of 2008, filming and critics were amazed. Now that I've seen it, I assure you that Universal didn't just delay this movie to promote Iron Man Oscar buzz. The soloist is a weak drama without external conflict, which is far less than any of the top 2009 best candidates. Joe Wright is basically guilty, but he can't save a lifetime story himself. Many films are too complex and alienated the viewers. This one is exceptionally simple. It's a movie about a newspaper reporter, Steve Lopez (Downey), turning to a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That is it. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not resonate with Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. The two become friends. They start this film as acquaintances and are BFFs at the end. Tensions consist of moments like this: will Ayers let Lopez take him to the homeless shelter? This material would have been better suited for a television production rather than a feature film. Wright contains many scenes of cheap humor to hide the lack of content. Lopez beats yard-defiling raccoons in what I consider a part-plot. Do you remember when this happened in reconciliation or pride and prejudice? These films were structured enough to allow an occasional joke, but not so long-lasting. Ayers' back-story is flabby when it doesn't have to be. Worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear random. It is a way to admit that the main story carries little appeal. Nathaniel was a violin dark with a hard upbringing (I was too). This is a supposed attempt to sympathize with Ayers when most of us already have it. He is a homeless schizophrenic for crying out loud! The film conveys something of humanity's love for music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. However, it is not as effective as one of these images. The whole film is hinged on Ayers schizophrenia. It is ultimately how he interacts with everyone else. His music is a good touch, but hardly worth the inclusion. The film does not fully include this characteristic in his persona. Take music out of Amadeus or Beethoven Live upstairs and no movie stays. The soloist is more about friendship in general than music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic, and few lines of dialogue should be changed seriously. <br /> <br /> This is just Joe Wright's third movie, and his first is not a romance staring Keira Knightley. Let's hope this movie is not an indication of how limited his ability is. There are stylistic nodes to his former works, but the soloist is much weaker than any of them. In his defense, Universal should not have accepted to propagate this image to a large extent. This movie seems tailored to Imagine Entertainment (Changeling Distributors). I wouldn't be so disappointed with it if it had a limited release. Its poor box office performance can hamper better dramas from being distributed nationally.
