Prom Night is shot with the artistic eye that a person gives while finely crafting a Lifetime original movie. You know one. In October, Life takes a break from the brave tale of a woman who survives (insert the disease name here) to tell the slightly eerie tale of a woman pursued by a stalker ex-boyfriend. It's dramatic ?? it's sappy ?? It is extremely boring. It doesn't matter to promote a genre, tell an original story or strive for any kind of news. Prom Night shares this situation. When we see the killing poke holes in his victims, we sit quietly as they strike down to the floor with not a drop of blood spilled. It happened to me that this was the purest murderer in film history. <br /> <br /> Our director is working on a pretty good killer, so he's forced to tilt at the camera's angles to make him look more scary. Think of Matthew McConaughey coming at you with a knife. You would probably go ?? "OH! Good lookin guy will kill me? Naaaa." Not scary even for a second, so the director throws Schaech in shadows and over the shoulder in the mirror. This mirror shot is repeated at the point of disease as it almost becomes a fetish of the creator. You get 15 jump scares in this movie, 2 of which made my dating jump (I might mention she's scared of everything). I would also mention that she decided to take a nap halfway through the movie and at some point threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this movie was not dissimilar enough, it appears to be cut into strips. I'm not saying it looked like key points were left on the rocky floor when the crew encrypted to save some fate of a horror movie; I say when the film moves from stage to stage, you often get a jumping jump. These are the kinds of things you can expect when a movie takes fire and a projectionist is forced to split ends together, crossing his fingers and hoping for the best. The editor must be shot. <br /> <br /> With a plot you can pack into two sentences, a heavy spray of blood, an emo killer and the excitement of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons" is left without reason to support horror in the weekend ?? at least on the big screen. In fact, it's the kind of movie to be punished. Is it really that hard to make a scary movie? Was this crew even aware that they were making a horror movie ?? !! A complete waste of my time and yours. I bit the ball to get you this review. Don't let my victim be in vain. Don't go into the movie !!!
