When you put this DVD in your player and hit "play," you experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen as the laser is controlled to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. KNOW THIS SCOPE. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PM so you can fall asleep) because you want a massive headache when this movie starts. <br /> <br /> Starring a bunch of big-breasted girls and with an opening that actually made me cry a little, I thought I'd be in good time. Sure, the opening sequence was a WEE bit awkward, and most jokes fell flat and it looked like it was a Scream ripoff (by the way, my only chuckle from Julie Strains last comment on this scene). But then I knew there were problems ... the opening sequence had a terrible rock song. During this horrible rock song, I looked over the titles of the DVD chapter and saw things that said "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" and "better than sex!" I knew what the selling point for this movie was. <br /> <br /> And that's the sad truth: The only good thing about this movie is the attractive cast. Apart from that, it's a sad routine slasher movie that throws in an "innovative" concept of murder clubs, which nevertheless becomes false. Then the whole movie points in a different direction to try to be confusing and this great mystery, but it all adds that it is not interesting and you feel as though you don't care about any of the characters. I mean, when the film's main character is revealed to have murdered an innocent woman, can you really feel any sympathy for her when she's in fear of her life? The screaming influence is prevalent throughout, with a ghost front killer and some really horrible jokes. We are also treated to scenes by the protagonist talking to his mother and father (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other cool part of the movie!) About an abortion or something. Uh. Yeah ... It's not a "so bad-it's-good" movie, it's just BAD. Anyone compared this to a Troma movie, but ... you know mostly any movie coming from Full Moon (or its offshoot that this movie proves) is horrible. NOT horrible in a Troma sense - I have seen many Troma movies and I can honestly say that they all offer something that you can go away with and tell your friends later. However, this film has virtually nothing comfortable at all. Beware.
