A killer, wearing a plastic white mask and black coat, kills the friends of Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his position when someone scared open his former employer from step to chest. Perhaps the psychopath is recently employed by Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive, ravenous beauty with a troubled family past, plagued by nightmares. Shawn and his friends play a practical joke at Maddy, about a supposed murder club they started, where each member randomly chose a victim to kill. When Maddy murders a woman in a parking garage by accident because of a stupid put in her car by that person, she finds that Shawn's friends hit the chain. But Shawn and his companions are worried about Maddy's access to committing the murder and contemplating transforming her into the right authorities. Deciding to wait for a particular decision, each member falls prey to the white-masked psycho with Maddy a suspect considering the fact that she has already killed before. Or is there another behind these murders? Low budget slasher, executive produced by Charles Band, with gore murders that fail to convince. Lots of boobs on display and Allen Nabor's goofy character Chris can entertain them with low expectations. The murders include a stomach that opens with the intestines showing a neck cut, an electric cord thrown into a pool frying a female victim who had to escape all day, an ax buried in a male victim, and on top of it All in all, a couple is being stifled by a rope during their sexual climax (to get more effect, the killer uses the kink button for an outlet key as extra gearing to turn the rope as close as possible to snatch their neck). There are enough plot holes to drive a truck through, for example, why Maddy has nightmares of murder, she did not commit how she could murder someone so violently (with blood all over her) liquidation wakes up in bed without leaving anything on the scene of crime who would easily involve her and how Shawn could go so long that she could continue to work at the company despite what she told about the murder she committed and a continued desire to join the supposed club t exist. <br /> <br /> What bothered me most was the film's desire to somehow sympathize with this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone and later preaching it to be an accident. The film builds Maddy as the potential psycho because of her past. Her family proclaimed her an abortion. She has black-outs and always jumps right on scenarios of crimes after that fact. In many slashers, the most likely killer is often the red herring, but this movie goes out of the way to point to Maddy. When twist occurs, we are left rooting for Maddy, but we know she is not right in the head. It's a tough selling care for this chick. However, she looks good in a man's army shirt. And Rochon is not afraid to let the puppies breathe. Low budget horror fans will get a kick out of seeing cult favor Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatic mother who preaches against what Maddy did and calls her a killer who loved Troma producer Lloyd Kaufman is the devoted father who cannot come in a word, wise to protect the daughter he really cares for. Cult Siren Julie Strain has a smaller cameo that shows her breasts (of course) as the opening-man's boyfriend who gets her head crushed by a hammer. Oh, and check out the office that Shawn is working for, you will see many Full Moon posters and artwork scattered through the walls.
