Devin Hamilton is probably better known as the new name in legendary Full Moon entertainment. Unfortunately, his arrival at this independent studio has happened at a time when budget and production values ​​are lowest this year. But in his short career, Hamilton has established himself as a creative director who manages to make inventive and original stories. Now it does not mean that his film is good, but at least they are different from the usual in the horror genre. <br /> <br /> In his debut, "Bleed", Hamilton presents a creative twist on slasher sub genre. Maddy (Debbie Rochon) is a young woman who finally gets to work with her dreams. Not only that, but it seems she has also found a boyfriend in Shaun (Danny Wolske), it seems that life finally smiles at Maddy after many sad events. Until a party with Shaun's friends, they tell her that they have created a "club" where members should kill someone to enter. Of course, they are screaming, but Maddy will desperately care that she is actually killing someone. After that event, someone begins to kill the rest of the members of the "club" one by one. It is up to Maddy to find out what is going on as someone could be the killer, including her. Maddy is a very interesting character wonderfully played by beautiful Debbie Rochon. It is a very interesting twist on the genre to be the leading actress as part of the suspects. The concept is so original, and Rochon's performance is so good that it is a shame that Hamilton did not develop the whole story any better. The movie feels pretty slow at times and generally the feeling is the best idea wasted on a bad movie. The rest of the casting is strange in the sense that the entire female casting is very good, while the male casting is painfully poor. Danny Wolske is horrible wood and his performance as a yuppie is quite stereotypical. Julie Strain, Brinke Stevens & Lloyd Kaufman appear in small comos and are wonderful in their little roles. There is also plenty of nudity (both male and female) and the casting looks really good, so it's really a plus. The low budget hurts the movie in the effects department, as there are very few gory scenes and is not really graphic (probably because they would look bad); Nevertheless, in view of the budget, one sees that the film looks good at least. Hamilton's latest venture, the sexual exploitable venture "Delta Delta Die!", Is a better crafted and superior movie. While not as bad as other better known films, it still has many errors and can only be interesting for fans of Debbie Rochon or fans of independent, non-budget movies. 4.10
