So, when Herbie made her first appearance, I was delighted to see Dean Jones mug away. I only wanted to be entertained for a few hours and eat too buttered popcorn. Now, unfortunately, I have expectations of a lovely / lovely story when I see a movie if I am not on a form of medicine. And this is another good movie for medication. There are no big laughs, no complex plot lines, no difficult twists. Herbie Fully Loaded is great for the fully loaded. <br /> <br /> This was the first time I had seen La Lohan on the screen since she switched places with Jamie Lee Curtis (I thought she was excellent in it) I can't say I was terribly impressed this time. Aside from her constantly changing and distracting unnatural hair color, she just didn't really call the child next door who had spent a lifetime hanging around on road racers. Her need for speed was not consistently stated in the movie - perhaps it was elsewhere - she looked older than her part and always seemed to be looking for something (a party? Designer train? New place to spend money?) Off set. I couldn't see any chemistry with Justin Long; the romance seemed at best compulsory. The only time Lindsay appeared engaged was that she interacted with Matt Dillon, who I thought was appropriate over the top as Evil Bad Guy Trip Murphy. It was great to see Herbie again and I loved movies intro with material from the old movies. If Disney had popped out with some Car 53 jewelry, I could have used some just to be loyal. His new attribute (?) Was a little inconsistent (does he channel his thoughts with his driver? Does he now have skateboard?) But anything. We all knew how to end it, but I wish he had ended up with someone a little less drowsy than Maggie. And my head still hurts the lesson Maggie, and we viewers had hammered home. <br /> <br /> What would have worth the film? Has the old Herbie in a real story with a real plot - at least Herbie is as good as Lassie - but it is clear that it is asking too much. Why is it that Disney always goes back to the same thing as "Herbie Goes Bananas" and "Computer that had tennis shoes" when it comes to innovation? <br /> <br /> I'm sure this was a great movie for kids and those without expectations. For the rest of us .... it's for when you have the flu and just can't take the excitement of the rear window.
