One of the most common entries in the 'goofs' category is anachronism. Although I begin to believe that anachronism and other goofs are more acceptable, even in very good films, they are ignored, but are found in front and in the midst of rat movies. KISS THEM FOR ME is a raw film and series of anachronism, but when I looked so close to it, I found almost nothing specifically anachronistic. The shots on planes booking the movie are definitely out of place. The great 4-car transport seen after the title "Honolulu 1944" appears to be the post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). The combat aircraft seen from the end of the carrier are Douglas Skyraiders, who came into service after World War II and became known for their service in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But except for these two movie pieces and of course, the hairstyles, anything else may be period authentic. It just feels so wrong. I'm an admirer of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In his co-director ON TOWN (1949) there is a car chase at the end with the police running 1949/50 Fords, but there is not the slightest feeling that this is not in place in a WW2 period movie. In fact, as I later reflected, there is nothing that says this should be a WW2 movie. It just feels like that. Based on a war music Broadway musical based on a ballet (Fancy Free), which may have been based on the work of the artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934), it's a great movie about sailors on a 24 hour pass in New York and, so heavy with wartime associations, just assumed it was going on during the war, yet these modern cars do nothing to break the spelling. <br /> <br /> The first problem is the old Cary Grant. Although too old to represent a Navy SBD diver bomber pilot, it is a Hollywood tradition for stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play younger. It was the role he was in, not his age. He plays an operator as they used to call them. However, a guy who gets things done and breaks all the rules while he does, remains admired and loved. A hustler. A wheel dealer. A de rigueur character in a service comedy. Grant is the comic for what, after all, must be a service comedy that is in contrast to his comedy style. Returning to the great Grant comic performances such as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944), he is the large reactor whose comedy is to be reduced by his context from dignity to a full-grain inert gel sausage. In KISS DEM, he is expected to be the comical spark plug that just isn't him. People had already been exposed to the type, most recently to comic book Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on tv. The role would be perfected later by James Garner, but here Grant is just not fun and seems to be a bully going his way aggressively pushing his Cary Grantness rather than cuddling and finesse. <br /> <br /> But what really sucks up with anachronism is the leading women. There can be no more genuine 50's than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique in the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be placed in a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of stupid lace, and Grace Kelly was another high class lady (think of Mary Astor), but there could never have been an anatomically exaggerated woman in film like Mansfield. Sure there were "sweater girls" (eg Lana Turner) in World War II, but Mansfield stretched the point. Suzy Parker was the model that revolutionized the model industry, which changed the mannequin which is the first natural girl to move and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) also by Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> Of course in the 50's style there seems to be a lot of sex mix on 'wild' parties, but never even a hint of sex (think of the 50s TV shows Bachelor Father or The Bob Cummings Show where dinner men returned from 'dates' alone). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared as a game on Broadway at the end of the war, and the nuances of the situation must have been inevitable for contemporary readers and audiences, but broken down, bowled and reconstituted a dozen Years later and badly overlooked, it remains a once forgotten spot on otherwise exemplary careers until the invention of the VCR and cable television revived this petrified turkey. <br /> <br /> So the lesson here is anything 'goof' it will be ignored in a big movie like BORG KANE (which actually hears Charles Foster Kane say 'Rosebud'?) and tolerated in fun drunk as WESTWORLD (Why were the robots given ammunition in the first place?) But absolutely despised in a rotten movie, though the goofs are really non existent.
