I Mel Brooks's dubious comedies, "Hero Moses!" tries to take the bible story of Moses and make fun of it, resulting in the scary biblical spoof ever filmed. <br /> <br /> There is no real plot here, just excuses to drive out stalwart comedy talent in underwritten roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus ride in the Holy Land as they stumble upon an old scroll in a cave. They read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is parallel to Moses'. He was sent down the river to be found by Pharaoh's family while Moses was. Herschel's father-in-law, late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel is rescued by idol makers and works as a sculptor. Eventually, Herschel comes to work for Pharaoh as an astronomer, is cursed and ends up hesitating Moses' flock of sheep. Herschel and Moses are weaker, marry sisters, and Herschel believes that God has chosen him to free his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the divine word, but Herschel misunderstood. I want to pause here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... yet the rest of the movie is a series of poorly written scenes involving Moore and actors making "special look". These scenes do not propel the plot forward, they bring the little story to abrasion. Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise may have three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel who just gives the same line visits he gave in "The Paper Chase." David L. Lander is a false blind man "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I wasn't sure who Madeline Kahn was supposed to be, taking a trip to Herschel, and having about half a minute on the screen. John Ritter plays a very unfunny devil. Richard Pryor has a scene like Pharaoh, but it was obviously shot at a different time than Moore's scene because the two are not shown on the screen together! In the end, Zerelda becomes a salt post when looking back at New Sodom's destruction, haha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and gives them to Moses, who bask in all glory. In the last scenes one decides to try to save this low movie by having Herschel bait God into an argument. God comes out as an all powerful bully who led Herschel around for his own entertainment, speaking only through him to give him the ten commandments. We even have Zerelda quip "God works in mysterious ways", and thus excuses everyone's very un-Christian behavior during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not fun. There is nary a laugh to be found everywhere. At least Monty Python made fun of many established religious headlines in "Brian's life" in addition to their dubious assumption of Jesus' life, but here the humor of poo poems and signs is constantly abusing the heads. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. Churchgoers will be offended, not by the film's attitude to religion, but with the passion that the film shows, impressed by their own hoitytoityness (I don't know a word) on a subject they obviously don't know about. "Absolutely Moses!" is quite bad and an embarrassment to everyone involved. I suggest reading the book instead. <br /> <br /> This is characterized (PG) by physical violence, profanity, sexual references, and adult situations.
