What a complete piece of trash can. Plot regardless of when a movie is about aircraft, do you think the authors / producers / instructors (or ALL!) Would do some homework on at least part of the details. The errors were so brilliant that I was fired at the end of the movie. Here are just a few: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 sequence - surely having been worse than the Air Force One-F-117 play. Commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on the plane instead of the BOEING 747 ?? probably the (cheap) use of some Boeing advertising / publicity footage by the director. Exposed wires associated with wire nuts are at best at best for wiring, much less multi-million dollar aircraft avionic wires. Aircraft like 747 rely on pressure alone instead of ship's supply acid to maintain breathable air, and if they were on a built-in supply, the container would be much larger than tie size. Medical tape is not a suitable replacement for a threaded tubing connection. It was F-16s, NOT F-15s. Mach 1+ (sound speed) would be difficult to obtain on a static engine running upstream (see the air mirror indicator). "Standard formation" is simply keeping the formation within a nautical, "route" formation is what they fly - not the most useful formation for a buggy. Acquiring missile locks will probably not get an airline's attention - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" is not communication between the aircraft to prepare to burn anything. Depressurization from a doorway during flight is not a reason for an immediate steep left width. Yelling to a headset does not transfer it. Magnetic headers are listed as "headers" not "bearings", and the headings are between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are like compasses on the ground!), Then turn left (not "port" it's a boat thing) from a "stock" of 618 to 502 is just stupid. It is in most cases impossible to just "turn the yoke back to the right headline is reached" ?? This kind of thing will result in 360 degree rolls until the yoke is centered again. The likelihood of an attendant immediately finding and successfully using the autopilot is only slightly greater than the likelihood that she will actually land the jet safely. Aircraft do not stop immediately after withdrawing the gas, and the 747s have more than one small handle to control the multi-motor power. Flaps are lowered in steps normally just before and immediately after landing gear expansion, not seconds before landing (good way to collapse). Wheel brakes are needed to stop an airplane, just by pulling the throttle (s) (this time another lever in the film) to idle, you will just allow to walk away from the end of the track at a slower speed. Did I mention that these fighter planes were F-16 and not F-15s? Guess I did ?? And that's just what I remember recently seeing this horrible movie.
