This review may include some SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought they didn't make them so bad, Rae Dawn Chong also comes as a room vixen and Willie Nelson as an Indian witch doctor! It is even worse when you factor in the fact that these two are the BETTER aspects of `Starlight ', a movie that should only be seen by grin. <br /> <br /> Chong is an alien sent to Earth to find the only remaining half-race, part and alien alien. Apparently the Earth is in dire straits. There is something wrong with the genetics of humanity, and within a few decades the world is being transformed into a polluted wasteland. Only by duplicating the half of the DNA can the friendly alien race save the planet. Do not ask me how it is when the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution caused by humans. You would think that the earth could only be saved by getting rid of the polluting creatures, not saving them! Still, the half-half shows himself to be Billy Wirth, a man who lives in a small southwestern city and is a lot of Indians from his mother's line, despite his mother being a red-haired Caucasian and his grandfather is Willie Nelson. Wasn't that the kind of quarrel that made the bombastic Carmen Electra bomb 'The Chosen One' such a scream? Chong arrives in his ship, just as Wirth almost drinks after driving her motorcycle in a lake in a passport of recklessness that is the result of just breaking up with her boyfriend. Before you can say the word `hogwash ', Chong reveals her secret to Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment and spread the word to Wirth's family. Chong also makes friends with Wirth's mother, who apparently has lost a few of his marble over the years. Well, that is because Wirth's father was a stranger leaving her. Of course, he is the standard rogue alien who has conveniently chosen this moment to come to Earth for Wirth, so he can use Wirth's DNA to make Earth's people his slaves. (Huh?) His ridiculous attempt to use his telepathic powers and capture Wirth sucks most of the screen time and are the worst scenes in the movie. Not only are they boring, but they are the scenes where you want to spot the clubs most. The ideas can be fine on paper, but they are handled here with the utmost stupidity, especially in the aforementioned rogue alien scenes. But the effects are in the film. The opening scene involves Chong on his spaceship and communicates with his superior one that we cannot see, but Chong communicates with a chamber that emits pink light. They do not use spoken words, but telepathy, so we are treated to subtitles. The problem is that both Chong and her overall subtitles look alike, and the director gives you no indication of which of the two actually "speaks" at any time, making the whole conversation nothing but gibberish . The spaceship is the worst effect of getting out of Hollywood on this side of an Ed Wood movie. Now I'm usually shrewd on effects when dealing with a low-budget movie like this, but those effects really got me. The most offensive was the simplest: a false night sky. The stars in the sky are so fake, they almost leave a ringtone. Most visible are the moments when Chong tells someone she's from Pleiades, and we get a shot of the seven stars. Thing is, the seven stars occupy about half of the night sky in the movie, but any starfish knows that Pleiades is a star cluster between the constellations Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster does not occupy much space in the sky. These effects become so miserable that your jaw hangs lower and lower with each moment. Beware, because it will go through the floor during the final when the effects have Willie Nelson into a human spotlight and. . . Oh, it must be seen to be believed! <br /> <br /> Starlight, star light; Last night I see tonight; I wish I could; No need to see more of this garbage today. <br /> <br /> Zantara's score: 1 in 10.
