Please note: I see from the different posts that there was an original silent version and also an audio version of the same movie. I saw the audio version and it was aesthetically yicky. Considering some indicate that the original version was longer and without sharp dubbing, my review should be read with this in mind. Although I know that Rene Clair has a nice reputation as the film maker and Louise Brooks has suffered from a cult sequel as well, it is in many ways a technically poorly made film. While Hollywood had already largely switched to sound mode around 1929, up through the early to nearly mid-30s, many famous French films were essentially silent movies - with some dialogues and sound effects that were very poorly overpowered. of the movie. The lip movements in many, and especially this film, do not even come close to matching what is being said, and that would explain why an American like Mrs Brooks could make a French film. It's just sloppy, and I would have preferred them to have just made a silent movie - and as a silent movie this would have been an average movie - with excellent camera work (sometimes) and some decent style in style. br /> <br /> The problem I also found with the movie was the all too simplistic plot. For a quiet moral game around 1920, it would have been fine, but in the 1930's the plot is a bit hoary (it means "old" - not "slutty"). A lady wins a beauty contest, and her macho fiancé can't do it. She gives it up completely, temporarily, but lures back to the fancy life and it spells her end! A bit melodramatic, huh? And also slightly simplified and underdeveloped. Finally, the fiance's friend (?) Was the sign, I found very disturbing and unreal. He resembled Harold Lloyd and spent much of the film being abused and downloaded by friend and everyone else. When he just took it all over the film and no decision came to work, his character seemed superfluous, and he received mediocre treatment. Should the audience laugh when he was abused? It seems to me that is what is implied and I do not like it at all. <br /> <br /> There are fewer better French films from the era (Le Million, La Femme du Boulanger, Fanny, Regain and others) as well as better quiet movies. I just can't understand this movie's high rating.
