This movie starts promising with an early stage where Frank Morgan advises Gary Cooperus's marriage with her daughter, Anita Louise. Frank Morgan, who plays a pristine gold digger, complains loudly to Cooper about his perceived penury in the hands of his family - including his daughter, Anita Louise. I am a fan of all 3 players. Frank Morgan is (in my view) a Hollywood treasure, Cooper a legend, and Louise a very nice, versatile and underrated actress, rarely seen in leading role. I also have nothing against Teresa Wright, and although she is not blessed with great reach, she usually delivers heart-warming beliefs. <br /> <br /> From a promising opening, the story slides down to the end. I found nothing humorous to burn the home of Cooper's wild father-in-law. The butlers in such a stalled, non-smoking household would never just blithely go away so that Cooper could continue to smoke, or alternatively he would surely provide him with some means to dispose of his badly timed cigarette. Furthermore, no one with common sense would allow himself to be left with a cigarette lit without asking for any means to dispose of it. And finally, no one in his right mind crushes a cigarette in a handkerchief and puts it in his pocket! This whole sequence just made Cooper seem silly and gauche. It's a bad contradiction - ill-conceived and filmed in a way that evokes ridicule, not laughter. <br /> <br /> The forced medical examination of Cooper is straightforwardly designed. No one allows himself to undergo a complete medical examination without being informed of his purpose or consent! That Cooper did it is too removed from reality to be fun - it's absurd! Stealing babies from hospitals is a serious offense and it is also nothing to laugh about. Finally, the scenes in Cooper's overly fast, neurotic attention to his baby's feeding and weight may have hit a nerve with a few people who have experienced anxiety about their own newborn babies. But for me, they just seem boring and slow. The wardrobe and stake department went over the top of these scenes, while paradoxically, the screenwriter went to bed. <br /> <br /> The lines are just not in the script to generate humor. They only miss all cylinders. Laughter doesn't come a mile in a minute, but more like a light year-a-minute. The only time the movie has energy or humor is when Frank Morgan is on camera. <br /> <br /> The completely wasted scene is when both Cooper's love interests and their respective fathers gather in the same hotel room. There is probably a rich variety of humor somewhere in that mine, but none of it was drawn. In the end, one of the two very beloved girls will be hit. Predictably, it's the Anita Louise character who gets jilted on her wedding night! While it's not on camera, it's her destiny, and it's not very fun - even as a loose end. She hadn't done anything in this movie to make me unsympathetic (unlike Gail Patrick, say, in My Favorite). Therefore I expected (maybe "hope" is a better word in the context of the movie!) For Anita Louise to enjoy a good ending too. The fact that such a nice character is essentially wiped out at the end of the film really undermines the effect of the "happy end" of Cooper and Wright. I kept waiting for something to happen, because the witty dialogue looked characteristic of movies in the era ... And it never delivered. A good performance by Frank Morgan in a slightly different role is completely wasted here.
