I realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic. That is the only positive thing I can say about this really awful adaptation. <br /> <br /> Have you read 'Wise Blood?' It's a great book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about south as no one else has. She was a Southern self, a devoted Catholic and a remarkably gifted author. In her first novel, she weaves together a dark and deeply disturbing tale of faith, doubt and redemption with a macabre sense of humor and surprisingly evenhandedness. The characters in the book may seem scandalous to those who have not lived in rural South, but I can assure you that such people exist. Not only do they exist, they are people with families, feelings and concerns like everyone else. Flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood - she was not angry by these keys - she saw in them the beautiful operation of what she would have called 'grace' ... even in the most violent, disturbing and disgusting circumstances. Reading 'Wise Blood' should be washed with a sense of fear and impending death. Finally, thinking long and hard on our judgments and preconceptions - our whole world view. <br /> <br /> None of this comes through John Huston's 'Gilligan's Island' -like adaptation. None. It's a farce. A poor father. The whole movie is saturated with a hauteur that faces the stomach. The action is poor, the southern accents are fake and insulting. The filmmakers do not show any insight into the thoughts of religious southern islands. Mrs. O'Connor's intense prose is reduced to eye-catching and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mix of hayseed silliness and 'Clockwork Orange' style cheeseball electronics that do not fit the story or even the MOVIE. I got free access to this movie and almost went out. Really, really terrible. As a side, I do not agree with Mrs O'Connor's religious views, and while traveling in the deep south many years ago, I went north and did not look back. But the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (like any other place on earth), and the cartoon-like mockery that the South islands and their attitudes are used to in this movie borders on offensive. If you are being offended (as I am not) then this film goes DEFINITELY most over the line. <br /> <br /> I don't like talking about an artist's work - John Huston was a man I didn't know and I'm sure he was a sincere and gifted filmmaker who his respected place in film history testify. My views are clearly skewed by reading (and loved) the work of Flannery O'Connor. So I do not claim to come from any other perspective. Perhaps, as an independent film, it may work for cinephiles. But for Flannery O'Connor fans - and I can add for self-respecting southern and blatant people of all stripes - this movie is a waste of time.
