There is a bit of a spoiler below that can ruin the surprise of one unexpected and really fun scene in this movie. There is also information on the first film in this series. <br /> <br /> I caught this movie on DVD that someone gave as a gift to my roommates. It came as a set along with the first movie in the "Blind Dead" series. <br /> <br /> This movie was certainly much worse than the first, "La Noche del Terror Ciego". In addition, many of the features of the first movie were significantly changed. To boot, the movie was dubbed in English (the first one was subtitled), which I usually find distracting. <br /> <br /> The concept behind the series is that in the distant past, a local branch of the Knights Templar was involved in inhibitory and secret rituals. In discovering these crimes, local peasants killed the temples in such a way that their eyes can no longer be used, and prevents them from returning from hell to calculate their revenge. We then jump to modern times, where the temples arise from the dead because of an event, to eradicate their revenge upon the villagers whose ancestors initially ravaged them. Of course, as the undead knights do not have eyes, they can only find their victims when they make some kind of noise. Templars were a secret order from around the 12th century that came out of the Crusades. They were only around for about 150 years before being repressed in the early 14th century by the Pope and others. Because they were secretive, there were always rumors of their ceremonies, especially for the dedication. Because of the way in which society was organized, you did not necessarily have church officials to monitor things, which meant they did not have an inner man when things were heated. And because of their character, they were tortured in confessions. The order was strongest in France, but existed in Portugal and Spain, where the films took place. <br /> <br /> Where the first movie had a virgin and knight drink the blood directly from the virgin's body (brisket here is, of course, a horror movie), and when knights come back to life, they attack their victims by eating them alive and suck their blood; in this successor all this disappears. You still have the same scene (redone, not the same recording) of those who sacrifice the virgin, but they drain the blood into a bowl and drink it from it. So when they come back, they just cheat people with their swords or claws to death, which I have to say is a much less effective means of disturbing your audience. There is also a time problem: in the first film, the dating is much closer to the temples, where they now say it is the 500th anniversary of the peasants who burn these guys on the stake, which would dance it around 1473. And the way the temples Losing their eyes is also much less interesting. In the first, they have whipped them out of crows. Now they are simply burned out and in a completely ridiculous way. Oh yes, and maybe it was just me, but there seemed to be many people from the first movie that came back in this movie (despite having died). Not really a problem, as the film is completely different and not a sequel to the feeling of a continuation, but strangely, not less. <br /> <br /> The highlight of this movie is the rich guy who uses a child to distract undead while making a break for the jeep. The child's father had already been suckered by this rich man to make an attempt to get the jeep so he goes out and tells her to find his father. It comes out of the blue and is easily the funniest scene in the movie. Of course, why the child does not die at this time is beyond me and disappointed by horror fans. <br /> <br /> I couldn't recommend this movie to anyone. It's not so bad that it's going to be fun, so it ends up being a mediocre horror movie. The majority of the film has more people shrouded in a church, each trying to walk alone to avoid the blind dead who have surrounded them. When the movie ends, you are not surprised at the result at all; actually quite disappointed. If you are in the news to watch a Spanish horror movie, watch the first movie that at least has some innovative ideas and not so expected results.
