The film is steeped in religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion by commenting on it. In my opinion, this film pretends to explore deep problems, but thrives on stereotypes and prejudices; with a little real insight. What the people in the movie (and therefore the author) could not see was grace. They failed to understand that God is the author of beauty, and he is the creator of passion and sexual gratification in the right context of marriage. To suggest that the people in society where history is based believe that nudity is sin, and both the man and the woman who enjoy the act of marriage are filthy, is just a simplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist, because even Jewish sacred writings clearly speak of the caring man who will seek his wife's joy for himself. The scripture says that a man should love his wife as his own flesh, and that no one ever hated his own flesh, but he nourishes and cherishes it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the authors and letters completely ignore that there are passages like the Solomon's song in the Old Testament, and even the Proverb Book, saying, "Rejoice in your youth's wife, let her breasts satisfy you always"! How can it be read in any other way than what God knows and approves and smiles upon, the marriage union and its enjoyment? Genuine men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who refuse a very basic teaching of the Jewish / Christian religion. God never said these things. It's absurd. Sonia rebels because of the wrong application of Abraham's true God's teachings. It didn't have to be that way. How sad. What Sonia desperately needed was TRUE, not tradition. Knowing, loving, and obeying God we love others more; before us. It is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph; once for all delivered to the saints; bought and paid by Jesus Christ, the righteous. But okay, ignore all this and give up the old holy scripture and turn to the wisdom of the homeless and the ghost. It's a good plan. I would never recommend this movie; partly because the sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, but also because it really does not provide any valuable insight. Check out "Yentl" to see a much more useful treatment of Jewish tradition at odds with the community.
