In what would be his first script, based on his own short story "Turn About," William Faulkner delivers a bizarre story of loyalty, sacrifice and truly strange relationships. The story was primarily about the Tone, Young and Cooper characters, but MGM needed to put Joan Crawford in another image to fulfill his contract, and Faulkner committed to creating a female role. Crawford insisted that her lines were written in the same clip state as her co-stars' Young and Tone, resulting in very unintentional hilarity, as these three communicate in a telegraph-like shorthand sounding like a Monty Python sketch ("Wuthering Heights ") in semaphore). Seriously, they reflect almost utterly pronounced Ernest Hemingway as Henry James. <br /> <br /> The film also reflects some well-known Faulkner themes, with an almost unnaturally close relationship between brother and sister (as found in his "sanctuary" and elsewhere). When Young suggests Crawford, in Tone's presence, NEVER exchange their childhood engraved ring with each other instead of an engagement ring. The proximity of Tone and Young is also noticeable, especially as they go out to the fate of their Thelma & Louise. Frankly, it's scary. Not so scary for this New Yorker, but as the recurring theme of the massive cockroach, Wellington, which Crawford cheerfully captures (and shown gambling over her hands - I had to turn!) And youngsters become a gladiator. Blech. <br /> <br /> It is said there are some good ideas. Young is especially involved in a scene where he is recorded on Cooper's fighter plan, and Roscoe Karns is lovely as Cooper's flying buddy. Tone, despite his inability to express himself through a realistic dialogue, has a lovely moment and kills his own furtive tears over the fate of his buddy Young. Crawford, also removed by meaningful dialogue, mostly comes across as either wood or melodramatic, which is quite a balance for a role. The Battle Sequences - Not surprising for a Howard Hawks movie - The most exciting part of the whole picture. But not enough. As far as I'm concerned, this is 75 minutes in my life, I'll never come back.
