I'm so shocked by this documentary. I am deeply embarrassed and ashamed of the way portrayers were portrayed. This documentary was not about Puertorican's culture. It was about Nuyorican's culture. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized to the Portuguese population. Rosie, before you make a documentary, you must examine. You also need to check and ensure that your sources are credible. Puerto Ricans are not all tall and they have class, which is one thing the documentary lacked to show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie at View and Rosie on Martha Stewart, I was very excited to see. I even made sure to let my parents know because they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes, I couldn't believe how the documentary based the US and made Puerto Ricans look like a bunch of guinea pigs. You must visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a World War III, where more than 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has colleges and well-known universities, roads, cars, shopping malls, malls (the largest Kmart and JCPenney I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), Casinos, churches, farms, Auto Expresso and restaurants just to name a few. Poverty? NOT 50% of the population is. Puerto Rican culture is about family, music, food, celebrating and trying to move forward not backwards. Oh, and new cousins ​​don't just jump out of no where. No it's not a Puerto Rican thing, it's a ghetto thing. We are not bastards. Puerto Rican descent parents wishing to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a family trip so they can see first hand what Puerto Rico is all about. They want to see their beauty, people and culture. Please do not show them this documentary because it will only shoot their minds with negativity. Oh, and please tell your American friends to see this documentary because it will only make the Puerto Rican people ignorant. Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN from the island. Just so you know!
