You must respect this movie. It may be "just a stupid child's movie," but it is the most sought after movie title # 1 in online movie forums, demanded by people who remember the story but can't remember the title. Therefore, it follows a detailed description of the plot as I have not been able to find such a description elsewhere on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical 2-storey house is shown in suburbs. 7-year-old Bridget tells of having suspected something that has happened since she and her 11-year-old brother Andrew receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's gift is a stuffed penguin that she instantly names Sweet William. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, a bossy nurse who takes care of grandmother, Grams, the hugging grandmother making dolls of socks, and her brother Andrew, who is in electronics and is grumpy. Gram is accidentally hanging on the lieutenant's governor, suggesting that she is getting in the way while living with the family. The two children eat breakfast while the adults discuss moving Gram to a guest house. Bridget makes a horrible-looking pancake sandwich containing cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries, and syrup, which Andrew sees incredible. The two children then discuss Grams, and Andrew undoubtedly says that Gram is "laid out for pastures." Bridget talks to Gram in the attic, has a theater party with Sweet William in her bedroom, then comes a live doll unexpectedly out of her bedroom closet mirror. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the living doll become acquainted. The curly, vibrant female doll is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andres room. Huggins hides under some laundry when Bridget's mother comes by, and her mother throws the sink in the washing machine with Huggins in it. Bridget rescues Huggins and wipes her out with a hair dryer. They discuss the problem that Gram is getting old and have to move away, says Huggins, that Bridget could talk to the bogie in Huggaland about it when he knows everything. They step through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes is placed in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking around with a shoe, Bridget goes without shoes in Huggaland. They immediately meet Hugsy, a curly-haired living boy in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy the baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the puppets sing a song while sitting on a bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins in his hugwagon to see the bookworm that lives on top of a stack of giant books. The bookworm consults "the old encyclopedia" and finds that old age can be cured by eating the fruit of the "youngberry tree". However, there is only one such tree, and it is in Shrugs land that is governed by the quarter quartz queen. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to jump down a deep hole located inside a nearby giant book. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the two dolls gulp three times, jump into the hole and tumble out. Soon they go down a parallel sidewalk, hear the glass's quarry and fall off the sidewalk when the concurrent gravity ends. They meet "the hard behemoth" that looks like a mastodon, has four tusks and breathes out in his trunk. But Hugsy goes boldly and hugs the beemot, which then becomes an elephant called Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge had been driven by the Queen and owed Hugsy a favor so they all run on Hodgepodge back to the castle. They enter the castle, are surrounded by magical creatures, the queen (Queen Admira) comes, and Bridget asks for a couple of kids. The queen refuses, then eats one for herself and boasts of her own youthful good looks while looking in a hand mirror. Hodgepodge falls when the queen says he must be "digested". The Queen is sorry when Bridget mentions that wicked witches must have warts, so the queen freezes Bridget and orders the other three to be taken to the dungeon. But the queen carelessly releases the key to the youngberry tree's dome at the dome lift latch. Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses his "noodle" (trunk) to pull the prison door down, releasing it and the two popping with him. They find Bridget standing petrified, the dolls hug her, causing Bridget to be revived. Before fleeing, Bridget finds the left rear key of the youngberry tree dome, lifts the dome and selects some glowing strawberries and puts them in a jar. The Queen captures them, but the Queen's arm is trapped under the downward dome as it reaches the key that Bridget left on the ground. The queen suddenly becomes very old when she is deprived of the youth-giving berries and seems to die. Soon, Bridget goes back through the mirror into her bedroom, but travels to the bottom of the mirror, wasting the berries on her floor, and the bees quickly disappear into smoke, one by one. Her mother urges her and Andrew to say goodbye to Grams, who is leaving for a guest house. Andrew drops his usual grumpy, standoffish facade and hug Grams, telling her he loves her and that he doesn't want her to go away. Their father has moved and decides to keep Gram there and everyone is hugging and crying, including Aunt Ruthie, who had been the protagonist who pushed Grams to move out. Andrew asks Bridget to his St. Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget begins to explain how she gave it to Huggins of Huggaland, but Andrew does not want to listen to what he thinks is her fantasy stories, so he turns to look for it in her bedroom. One of the puppets secretly hangs the hat back through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts the cap on Andre's head, Andrew is mystified and leaves his bedroom without saying anything. Bridget is pleased with the mirror.
