Believe it or not, "The Woodchipper Massacre" gave me full blown gonorrhea! That's right, I have a rainbow of discharge spitting from me just because a group of kids walked around with a video camera and somehow made an appointment with the devil and got distribution. It is beyond my understanding how anyone with moderate intelligence could tolerate this mortgage load of a movie. The only reason I managed to get through it all (not without several suicide attempts along the way) was because, first of all, I was bored with boredom, and secondly - I wanted to explore this newly discovered type of hatred I experienced .. This movie is a "shot-on-video" "horror / comedy" about three siblings who stay back for the weekend in the care of their bitch's old aunt. The youngest child stops sticking the old lady by accident with his Rambo replica hunting knife. Then they get several aunts with different tools (apparently she didn't have a single drop of blood in her body!) And raise her into their father's hired timber ... Her catching son then stops by looking at her mother and children ending up grinding The jackass too ... I can't remember ever seeing a cast of annoying actors that actually caused me nausea. Seriously, the one blonde's voice had me all the time in pain. ALL actors were terribly horrible - literally just screaming their fake sounding dialogue and cracking jokes that must have been written by a chimpanzee who just doesn't care! Now I can usually appreciate self-effort, but only from those who can realize that other than their relatives might see it here! I don't have to see a 3 minute shot of a car pulling out of a roadway and a torture, painfully long lawn mount with some ridiculous fluttery music playing over it. Plus, why in the hell does the box of this movie have a bloody piano on it? There was a piano in a scene and no one was killed near it! I'm still reminiscing about this movie. Unless you like insufferable crap, I would advise anyone with a half brain to avoid this bin.
