I had great hopes for it when I heard that it was made back in 2001 because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a kid and I found it very interesting. They made some changes in the story that didn't make me sense. Daniel Webster in history was a famous New Hampshire lawyer in history. In the film he is an editor. A lawyer is more sensible when he ends up representing Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was a man in history but was a woman in the movie) in an experiment where both of their souls are on the line. As an editor, it seems unlikely that Daniel Webster would have the ability to do so. The action was decent by everyone except Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. There are two actors that I like, they just did a terrible job in this movie. It was as if they thought they were performing in a comedy, but the movie was more serious than a comedy. This is due in part to the film being filmed with a certain vision in mind and then being edited by another. Against this background, it is surprising that it was coherent at all. I was surprised to see a lot of SNL cast members in the movie, which further makes me think it might have been filmed initially for the purpose of being more of a comedy. <br /> <br /> All in all I have to say it wasn't quite terrible, but it wasn't very good. If I could get one and a half back and do something else with that, I would. The ending was particularly disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the trial. Jabez starts again at the beginning of the movie ... Literally, we just brought back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie ends abruptly. It actually looked like they were just playing Jabe's first scene and calling it the end. There is no evidence that Jabez benefits from any of the knowledge or experience he has gained, so who says he did not just repeat his mistakes and maybe again and again in an infinite loop? It was an extremely disappointing end and didn't make much sense. The decent cast, and everyone, except Baldwin and Aykroyd, are the only things that keep this from being a complete and total crap sandwich.
