I got this in DVD 10 pack CURSE OF THE DEAD. You must love the good packages. Because even though they do not contain real remastering, restoration and all that hoo-ha, and the films are generally in full frame pan and scan format, there is no denial that there are always a few precious stones included. And by "gems" I mean there is always something good to see, especially if the movies are from the 70's as The Mansion of Madness is. My copy is called Mansion of Madness, but when the title screen scrolls it's Poe's Dr. Tarrs Torture Dungeon. It doesn't matter, really as the crap is crap is crap, no? Yes! But to say that this film is completely worthless, is not at all true. There are some funky elements here and there, and of course the girl has a decent budget. <br /> <br /> The title order of the opening is cool with its colored negative through a cheap TV look. The dialogue is always fun. Near the beginning of the film, the horse and the buggy driver come out to move a dead tube in the middle of the road. "WHAT STRENGTH!" says our hero. It's fun that this guy should later not be able to fight for the crazy forest people when they come to make freaky fun. You will completely forget that this guy was even in the movie until he breeds again later in the end. It is so memorable that these characters are. <br /> <br /> The best part about the Mansion of Madness, however, must be the ghostly music and the ball of the good people to endure. It's like bad cartoon music that a three year old would find fun. And why are all the unlucky slapsticks, anyway? I would say that my fave moment must be when the horse and buggy are hit by forest freaks when they pull a stupid, looked homemade ghost out of a stick in the middle of the road and make the buggy stopped. What the heck? Oh yes, there are plenty of boobies to be seen for those of you digging such things. Boobies, poor dialogue and wacky music. The best buzz of the Mansion of Madness for me. It is worth at least one view and it can be much better if you have had a couple to drink or not. I can't say I'm ever bored to see it, but I can't deny that it's also a barrel poop. Kinda like the Magical Mystery Tour but with a plot but not. Hmm. <br /> <br /> And Mr. Chicken PWNZ.
