Was it a comedy or was it a drama? I started this review by asking this question because the movie I just watched, Hollywood Shuffle, was neither fun nor quite dramatic. While trying to make a point so hard, the clear themes and pointed remarks were lost due to this lack of definition (comedy or drama). Although I am strongly convinced that there is too much racist profiling in Hollywood, even today I do not think that Townsend's direct debut did much to stop it. Instead, I feel it only added more fuel to the fire. Townsend's comic timing in this movie was catastrophic due to the fact that the elements he was going to have fun with were he instead promoting and vice versa. The parts that were to be serious were somehow destroyed by the poor lack of fun comedy. Townsend had a decent concept with this movie, but unfortunately the performance is what has ultimately damaged this movie. If you see the previve before the movie (which I constantly do), you immediately get the wrong impression of what you want to see. Preview gives the impression of a very intelligent cartoon film that relies on viewers' intelligence, but the actual film could no longer be from the truth. The main problem with Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it is lacking in preparation); it is Townsend's direction. He had a wonderful concept with this movie. Take advantage of Hollywood who takes advantage of our race. Decent idea, but why couldn't he do it very well? The first reason is that his ideas are too random and sporadic. The structure of this movie was like seeing a heart attack on a hospital screen, we are literally everywhere without any warning or card. It was obvious that Townsend had a lot to say, but only a short time to do so. So, instead of defining his characters, developing his themes and actually making a smart movie, he just throws everything and asks for it to work. Unfortunately, it does not. Instead of a beautiful comedy, we have a hodgepodge of so many ideas, comic sketches and underutilized actors that this movie goes from decent to almost unmatched. What makes Townsend the worst is his card, attempts to be fun, interruptions throughout the movie. From fighting a villain known as Jerry Curl to parodying Siskel & Ebert, Townsend tries to poke fun while talking a message about the film industry falls. This is because these small intermittent sketches actually distract the film's central focus and actually destroy internally. While Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, he is actually just linked to any stereotype and cliché in the book. What could have been beautiful satire is transformed into simply generic humor, which never completely differs from the rest. So if you find yourself not laughing at the humor of this story, there may be some comfort in knowing that some of Wayan's brothers are around to help spice up this boring story. WRONG! Wayans is in this movie, but Townsend shows that he has the ability to make the worst of himself even in this entertaining family. Absolutely in their pre-in-vivid color moments, we see that comedy was something that everyone needed to constantly improve. Perhaps it was Townsend's direction, or perhaps just this horrible story, but these typically funny comedians were obviously under-utilized and ignored when it came to critics of this movie. I just thought that with the talent pool that Townsend had to withdraw from the Hollywood Shuffle, it would have been fun, lust and a genuine staff of this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it was none of the above. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this was a useful movie. There were some moments (while they were few and far between) that had a smile on my face, the final product did not fit well with me. Townsend can be fun, but in this movie he just felt he was playing against himself instead of through his personal experiences and problems. I realize he probably spoke the truth, but it never came through like that. Instead, we have penetrated a faint story that relies on idiotic flash clips that may have worked for a sitcom, but probably didn't work for this movie. Even for those who commented that this was his direct debut and that he learned from this movie, I would disagree. If you start fresh, you either have a tight script or defined themes. Townsend had none of these, and in combination with the inability to control his actors, he just failed in a flame ball. All in all, it was a little disappointing to see. It reminded me of a classroom Spelling Bee, where it is finally your child's time to spell. The word is hard, but when the first two to three letters come out, you think it's going to work perfectly, but then there's the random "P" and silent "R" that forces your excitement to drop. That was how I felt with the Hollywood Shuffle. At first I saw the potential, I saw the theme and the motive behind the picture, but through unclear and inexperienced technique and after the first few scenes I experienced the deep sense of fall. Townsend sank its own ship on this one, and I don't think Hollywood Shuffle will ever resume as a crucial moment for the Hollywood movie theater. <br /> <br /> Degree: * out of *****
