After a lively if predictable opening bank-hoist scene, "Set It Off" plumbed straight into the gutter and continues to sink. This is a movie dealing with unpleasant, accurate stereotypes rather than signs, despicable manipulation instead of coherent plotting and a fierce cocktail of cloying sentimentality and free violence instead of thought, joke or feeling. In short, it is no different than 90% of Hollywood product. But it is the racial angle that makes 'Set It Off' a particularly grieving example of contemporary filmmaking. In fact, as a celebration of 'sistahood', the film is a celebration of the most virulent forms of denigrating african-american gangsta stereotype. Gimmick this time is that the walkways have drag. Not only does the film indicate that gangsterism is a standard identity for all African Americans who are attached to cash or feel a little distressed by the Man, it presents its last as low-materialists who are rewarding money and blinking above all else. Worse, 'Set It Off' exploits the theme of racial discrimination and disadvantage, simply as a unit to cover its weak plot structure. Serious race-related social issues are governed in a constructive and opportunistic way to justify armed robbery so that they are killed as soon as the film is to produce the inevitably conventional end where crime is punished, LAPD shows to be a bunch of caring, guilty liberals (tell it Rodney King), and the sought after 'good' last, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the path of upward mobility out of the 'hood and into a world of middle-class complacency opened to her by her buppie bank manager boyfriend. 'Set It Off' illustrates the modern state of the modern blaxploitation film that pans for mindless gangsta stereotypes and pretends to celebrate life in the 'hood while constantly despising it. While similar 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' in the 1970s could have peddled stereotypes and rehashed well-worn plots, they had a freshness, energy and innocence that hit a chord with the audience of all races and still make them fun eye. 'Set It Off' would not be worth getting angry if it were not a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoisation of African-American filmmaking since the promising breakthrough days of the early 1990s.
