Rating: 4 out of 10 <br /> <br /> As this mini-series approached and we were well aware of it in the last six months, Sci-Fi Channel continued to pepper their shows with BG ads , I recognize that I felt a growing turmoil when I learned more. As with any work of biographical art that has stood up to some time test, different people go to it to see different things. In this respect, when people think of Battlestar Galactica, they remember different things. For some it is the warriors with the oscillating red light in their visor. For others, it is the feeling they held for special effects that were rather evolutionary for their time. Many forget about the state of special effects in the late 70's, especially those on television. For some, the memories of history are reminiscent. Others can still remember relationships, how the relationships themselves helped overcome the challenges they faced. <br /> <br /> I'm originally from the latter group. The core of Battlestar Galactica were the people who pulled together to save each other from an evil empire. Yes, evil. The Cylon had nothing to gain, but the extermination of humanity, but they did. While the base stars roamed, men and women came together to meet an enemy with almost limitless resources, and somehow managed to survive until the next show. They did not survive because they had better technology or more firepower. They survived because they cared and trusted each other to move on to the next show. <br /> <br /> The show had its faults, and at times it was juicy, but they were people you could break through. <Br /> <br /> The authors of this current rendition never seemed to understand this. In some ways, he took the least significant part of the original show, the characters' names and the history of history, and created what they called nothing less than a reinvention of television science fiction. Since it was their goal, they can be judged how well they did it: failure. It was far from a reinvention. In fact, in many ways it was one of the most derived from long-term science fiction efforts. It borrows liberally from ST: TNG, ST: DS9, Babylon 5, and even Battlefield Earth. I find it unfortunate. <br /> <br /> Ronald D. Moore has been a contributor to popular science fiction for over a decade and has contributed to some of the most popular TV science fiction that you could hope to see. One of the difficulties he seemed to have had was that there was no conflict in D & E's bridge crew. That was the invincible rule of Roddenberry's ST: TNG. Like many who have lived under these rules for others who then take every opportunity to break the rules when they are no longer under that authority, Ron Moore seems to have forgotten some of the lessons he learned under the recognized science fiction master : Gene Roddenberry. Here he has, instead of writing the best story possible, created a dysfuntional cast that I have ever seen with the purpose of creating as much cast conflict as he could. Besides being dysfunctional, some of it was not least credible. Anyone who has ever been in the military knows that any unconscious striking a senior officer would not get just a few days "in hack", they could have been executed and they would never have come out the next day. It would not have happened, period, especially in wartime. What I remembered most of Ron Moore's earlier work was that he was the one who wrote Capt James Church's death. He killed Capt. Kirk, and unfortunately he has killed Battlestar Galactica.
