Yesterday I saw the second part. And I have to say it was actually better than the first one. In the beginning I realized: It's actually a sequel, not a remake, but not a good one. I don't like the old films and series of Galactica, because the cylons looked like toasters (just as it was mentioned in this new movie) and were completely harmless to the old galactica. This film turns the pages - people were harmless, but the whole movie was completely chaotic and silly to me. Many scenes were unnecessary, such as the story of "computer expert" - quite a crap. If I were a screenwriter, I would let him die in his house, killed by the Cologne woman. And the evacuation from the planet? Oh, please, if it would be bombed with 50 megatons (why just exactly 50 MT ??) nukes, they would be killed by the radiation. And how is it actually possible that the big fleet of cylon was completely hidden before the attack? Ah, maybe this computer virus was created by the Cylon - the script was probably written by a 10-year-old schoolgirl. The good side of the movie is that humans are finally defeated !! Really defeated, the population is near the extermination (children die - twice explicitly in the movie: 1. a baby !!! maybe a month old and a girl aged max ten - what violence ...). And the bad boxes won, and I think it's the first time in such a sci-fi galaxy fighting movie. I also appreciate the design of cylons (not just the humanoid cylinder :-) a good job with these ships - I like both the design of the ships - human one cylons. The human ships are a good never version of the old ones. And galactica - really beautiful with these docks, I liked it. But this is all, only the design is not enough. The action was really bad, the whole plot was expected (only two things not - the human cylinder on ragnardocks and the human cylinder at the end). The dialogues were trivial (and in the Slovakian dabbing just stupid, but it's not the fault of the movie). The whole movie looked like a pilot movie for a series, but who would shoot such a series? What would it be about? One star for the design the other for the closest extermination of humanity.
