This movie is a mess, but at least it's not pretentious. Boxing for the video marks it as a "fun throwback" to the 1950s giant bug movie. In fact, it is a transparent basement cellar ripoff of "Aliens". <br /> <br /> Manufacturers clearly wanted to create an "ALIEN" image, but they should not have had much money. In fact, it doesn't look like they had any money, really. I hope everyone has been paid to work on this thing. The baseline is preserved - group of people isolated with murderous insectoid creature - and a ground location is deployed for budgetary reasons, I suppose. Instead of putting the film in the room where no one can hear you screaming, they put the film in a hospital where everyone can see your budget lying. The funny thing about "Blue Monkey" (and there is only one thing funny about it) is that the filmmakers did not abandon "ALIEN" aesthetics. Although we are in a hospital, we still have an unlikely cavernous attachment where science fiction experiments are performed, in this case, the venerable "growth hormone" plot unit. The annex also doubles as a boiler room (or something) so we can get an explanation of the monster seeking the heat. The boiler room is so large that it is twisted with flat-level steel catheters that are perfect for allowing mucus to drip down between the slats. The idea is that a man working in a greenhouse is attacked by a hanging flower from a rarely imported plant that grows in an exotic location. He touches it and says "Ow" so we know he's been hurt. The clip on his finger causes him to go into unconsciousness in minutes, and in the hospital he feeds a white worm through his mouth (I assume on an "ALIEN" image, this would be called "the cashier"?). The worm is isolated, but some naughty little children (leukemia patients) sneak it and "randomly" give it some experimental growth hormones. You know everyone is in crush when some fake hospital workers are attacked by a camera on a crane, and soon a maintenance man finds some mandatory cocoons just before he grabs a pair of semi-convincing insectoids. The rest of the movie is dominated by the semi-offscreen monster, which is half hidden by the semi-darkness. <br /> <br /> Which brings us back to "ALIEN". How do you ask a movie set in a hospital to incorporate all the flashing strobe lights that are always in the "ALIEN" movie? No problem ... a power outage (or something) causes the electrical system to go wrong, which apparently causes strobe lights to bloom in each room of the hospital and flicker constantly throughout the film. This doubles as a comfortable sheath for the less-than-special effects (though the bays are beautifully beautiful, they don't move too well, and the baby's bug looks charming like a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so what "Alien" bases we haven't covered ... OH, water dripping down the walls! Check ... we split the massive hospital into two parts, so send some of the characters through the damp, drop basement to get to the other side. The problem solved, we now have the opportunity for several "foreboding tunnel" shots. And don't forget the fog ... Now you never really need an excuse for this in horror movies, do you? OK, maybe within a hospital you do, so we create smoke by having many things spark and burn. <br /> <br /> I have not said anything about the insignificant action, not that the actors are given any kind of script to follow. I take that "Blue Monkey" should be bright and fun, and in that case it is a good try, but the pieces do not come together and the film ends up being a true feature. See a movie called "Return of the Aliens: The Deadly Spawn" if you want to see a movie of this type that gets it right, with even less money and even more marginal functioning talent. This falls flat on his stranger.
