Never knew that this movie existed until I found an old VHS copy of it, hidden deep in my dusty horror closet. The title of the box said "Insect" and the illustrations on the back made it clear that it is only a negligible and poorly produced 80's horror movie. They can certainly be fun, of course, as long as you do not expect an intelligent scenario and as long as you are not annoyed by seeing a huge amount of cheesy make-up effects. Almost all important aspects that make a horror movie worthy of viewing are below standard here in the "Blue Monkey"! The reason is ridiculous and very unoriginal, the acting notions are painful to observe, and there is a total lack of excitement. Following the ever popular trend of "big-bug" movies, "Blue Monkey" handles a new and unknown insect species that obliterates doctors and patients in a remote hospital. The creators could not be more elusive of the actual origin of this gigantic oversized critter! All we know is that it is not from outer space, and it originally crawled out of a tropical plant. Apart from this, there is absolutely no explanation for where this new type of insect suddenly comes from! As I said, don't get hoped for an intelligent manuscript. The first half of the movie is entertaining enough, with a bit of fun and the introduction of a few horrible characters (an 80-year-old blind and alcoholic lady!), But the other half (when the whole hospital is quarantined) is terribly boring. It is also close to the end that "Blue Monkey" begins to exaggerate older (and better) movies exaggerated. Approaching the climax, they apparently also run outside the budget, as the lighting becomes very poor, and the guy in the monster cloth is not very well camouflaged anymore. "Blue Monkey" is worth looking for if you are really bored or if you really want to see every 80's horror movie ever made. Fans of B-cinema can recognize John Vernon ("Killer Klowns from Outer Space", "Curtains") in Roger's small and meaningless role responsible for the clinic.
