* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * takes place in the Pacific Northwest turn-of-the-century. In a foggy, muddy mining, John McCabe (a hirsute Warren Beatty) is barging, full of cigar smoke and great ideas for building a decent salon / whorehouse into the city, filled with a trio of the most mournful whores in film history. He also comes with an unaudited reputation as a gunslinger: too shameful for blatantly promoting it, but not exactly afraid to use it to claim alphanumeric credentials from the locals. And thus he starts the boys building their salon at a rate of 15 cents per hour. It seems to be a rather dull operation until Mrs Miller (Julie Christie) turns out to be an amazing contraption that is half-car, half-car (where did Altman find it?). Mrs. Miller immediately takes over McCabe as a business partner with the aim of classifying the new joint with the right whore and insisting that all visitors take a bath before entering. Noting that McCabe does not know how to add, she also insists on managing the accounts. It is not clear what McCabe's function is. <br /> <br /> The ground becomes thicker when a couple of oily mining company representatives appear in the city and offer McCabe to buy him out to five big ones. McCabe tells them that the buzz off - he stands for fifteen thousand. The company finds negotiations treacherous so they hire a trio of assassins just to kill McCabe. . . Although how they think they can get away with murdering a man in broad daylight in the center of town, is as unclear as McCabe's function in the whorehouse partnership. (Excuse this huge plot hole for the reason that the locals would be too cowed to speak not cut mustard when one thinks any reward money offered by the local marshal would be pretty tempting.) <br /> < * McCabe and Mrs Miller *, supposedly "classic seventh cinema", should be much better than it is. The film tells a pretty good story; The protagonists have the potential to be interesting. There are some striking scenes, especially one that involves what appears to be a 14-year-old coal killer. But it is really really hard to enjoy a movie when one can hardly hear what someone is saying and when one can hardly see what someone is doing. Once again, this director capsizes his own film with pure deciduousness and blur. According to the trivia sheet here at IMDb, the film's editor Altman grabbed that sound was muddy; Altman disagreed and when everyone said the sound was muddy after the film's release, Altman owed the editor. (Nice.) Along with the bad sound, the movie has a terrible look. Only Robert Altman can hire a world-class DP like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a movie that looks like they sprayed the camera lenses with dirty detergent. Critics here who praise the "dark brown glow" in this image have been able to fool me. The interior is shot through what appears to be a dark foam. The exterior photography is even worse: it is as if Altman placed 500 train machines behind the abundant trees. During the climatic stretch, when Beatty kills the murders while the local church is on fire, Altman insists on virtually confusing the view with an animated snowfall reminiscent of a Rankin-Bass Christmas Special. <br /> Look - I can't see a movie under these conditions. Get back to me as you learn to place the boom mix when you remove all the annoying "Altman-esque" overlapping dialog and when you wipe the lenses with some Windex or something. 3 stars out of 10
