How they got Al Pacino to play in this movie is beyond me. This movie is absolutely horrible. I have discovered after reading some of the other reviews that a few people actually enjoyed this movie, which is deeply juggling me because I can't see how anyone in their real mind might enjoy a movie as horrible as the Revolution. It's not just that it's a bad movie with a lama plot and overall strangeness that is extremely unpleasant, but it seems that the filmmakers are either mentally retarded (which is a very possible explanation for why this movie sucks as it does, though it probably sucks probably in comparison to other films made by retarder) or deliberately made any illogical decision to make this movie suck as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland driving around with a big, fat ugly mole on his face. He usually doesn't have a mole. The mold does not add to his character. It is extremely ugly and distracting. It's not like Robert De Niro's mole; It is much worse. Why the hell does he have it? It's as if the filmmakers just said, "Let's see how could we make this movie even worse than it already is? I know let's give Mr Sutherland a huge ugly pier right on his face." <br /> <br /> Another example of the crap's stupidity is the Ned sign. We look for the first three quarters of the film, young Ned. At some point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We are seen down again, and it is of course the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen, and suddenly we have another actor playing like the now older Ned. What do they think we are idiots? Good God! Again, as the filmmakers say, "How can we possibly make it worse? I don't think we can ... Oh wait! I just had a terrible idea!" I know a child doesn't grow much in half a year, which is fine, but at least he grows more than he does in three weeks. You just don't get another actor to play Ned, or at least make him play the five minutes when he's three weeks younger. In addition, the child playing "older" looks down, not older than "young" Ned. In fact, he just looks completely different, very skinny and not taller or older than the original actor, who is very confusing as I, as a rational man, first thought it was a new and different character. <br /> <br /> What did the first child die while filming the movie? Because he was in the first hour and a half, and then suddenly three weeks later, the guy from Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels plays in the last five minutes of the movie. And even if the original actor dies, the filmmakers should at least have had an actor resembling him playing the rest of his role and resuming the crooked five-minute "six-month later" scenes. Better yet, scratch the movie completely, never finish it, and never release it, never even tell anyone about it, because at that time they should have realized that their movie sucks and completes it, they will only waste more money and time and succeed in making one of the worst movies all the time. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying this movie is so bad you shouldn't see it; It's so bad that you have to see it just to see how bad it is. It's terrible, terrible.
