Brilliant actor as he is, Al Pacino completely skips the revolution ?? His method-acting approach is totally poorly suited to the role of an illiterate who is caught in the American War of Independence. Much of the blame should be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who made wagons of four just a few years earlier? Talk about a come-down !!). One of the many jobs of an instructor is to march the actors and collect trustworthy performances from them, but in this case, the Hudson has allowed Pacino to run amok without asking any kind of restraint. It's not just Al's career-low performance that prevents the movie, but there are many other errors with the revolution, several of which will be said later. Illiterate stairs Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north - Biggest region of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). He leads a simple life ?? living off the land, traveling his son, surviving against the elements. The country is the chief of the English colonialists, but for an eight-year period (1775-83), a revolution takes place, ending with the British being defeated and the independent American nation being born. Dobb gets caught in the events when his boat and his son are announced by the continental army ?? Swept away by events they can hardly understand, Dobbs finds himself fighting for their life and freedom in a bloody engagement one after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and burning woman of British aristocratic ancestors. Their forbidden love is played out against the greater historical context of the battle. Where to start with the movie's mistake? Most key actors are miscast ?? Pacino has already been criticized enough, but Kinski fared slightly better than the dismissed aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless English soldier with a wobbly Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's script is confused in his attempts to bring massive historical events down to a personal level. In no way does anyone seem to have decided whether this is supposed to be an intimate character study with the American Revolution as a background, or an epic war movie with a handful of sharply drawn characters used to carry the story together. As a result, the narrative falls into no-man's land, which flickeres from "grand spectacle" to "small story" without discrimination and meaningless. John Corigliano's score is rather horrible and poured over the procedure with neither thought nor subtlety. Hugh Hudson's direction is lumpy throughout, both in his mismanagement by Pacino and the other key players, and in the decision to use annoyingly shaky camera work during the action sequences. The idea of ​​the handheld camera is to create immediacy? the feeling of "being there" in confusion of struggle and musket fire. Like so many other things in the movie, it doesn't work. The one department where the film recovers a modicum of respectability is the periodic detail with costumes, sets and weapons that look consistent precisely. But if it's period details, you're interested in a trip to the museum, it would be a better way to spend your time because Revolution doesn't even begin to make the character a brilliant movie experience. No more than an 18,000,000,000 megabombus that the scary British film industry could afford in the mid-1980s.
