What a big word "re-enacts" is. Isn't that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? A wise word indeed - it spoils the concept that everyone has grown to hate, "remake" it, and it almost sounds like the process of creating one was creative and involved the imagination. Well, I was misled. At least, I was seduced more by the idea of ​​countless doings and sinister violence than by the idea of ​​"re-imagining" even though it played a role. <br /> <br /> Why, why make a remake? Directors only do it for a few reasons: to update a movie to a modern audience, or because they personally love the original and want to pay tribute to it. A tribute if you want. Nevertheless, everything in general (I admit exceptions) boils down to one thing: stealing a person's idea and reshaping it (or "re-understanding" it) so that those who would never see it or understand it would pay money to see the. It's like Coles '/ Cliffs' notes; dump everything in a blender, clean everything that is more puzzling and curious and throw away a few artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing system. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with this? Well, I start with what I liked. I liked the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a larger budget, we could actually get the chaos in the zombie holocaust. Romero tried to communicate in the original through minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look beautiful on the screen. Then it falls apart. <br /> <br /> This setup doesn't take place anywhere. The film does what almost any remake does. It adds more of everything except nature, atmosphere and history. It is more obedient, (in a sense) more bloody and fuller of main characters that only seem to die in invisible subplots. The setting, the mall, which played a crucial role in the history and theme of the original film, is purely by chance. The idea is communicated in Romero's movie, the sheer ecstasy of having "a shopping mall for yourself as a fortress" is away. Furthermore, this "re-understanding" has no moxie, no spirit, no balls. It presupposes (probably quite rightly) that the audience has no attention and does not bother us to get us interested in the characters or the story. The movie is hasty and misses the more stylish interactions between the four characters in the original. You actually grew to worry about these people in Romero's version because there was some realism for their existence despite insanity outside the mall. Here you don't care when or who goes: What does it mean how they go. <br /> <br /> What's more to say? The movie is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and it tries to make up for the rest with gore and loud special effects. As a story, it's really too choppy to be followed, and the conflicts between the characters are too underdeveloped to save it. The mood is also reduced to a few lines (and a really good character: Andy). After that, what's left? An ending that is clearly ridiculous and subordinate to the bad, inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But despite being a pretty bad movie (though not as bad as some other remakes), it must be remembered for one thing: It kicked the passion of Christ from the first place in the box office. Well done zombies.
