This movie is pure 'Hollywood hokum'. It's based on a novel called "Not Too Slim" Not Too Deep "by Richard Sale, which may or may not have been interesting; It would take research to find out! The story in the film takes for granted many events and a lot of background, which obviously existed in the novel, but is not present in the film, so either the movie was missed or the manuscript was a mess from the beginning. There is not a millisecond in this movie, which is remote realistic, either in terms of events or characters. It's pure Hollywood fantasy in every respect. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so underused and wasted that there was no point in being in the movie at all. They must be thrown into the mix in the manner of adding a sprinkling of chopped vegetables to an omelette, hoping that the taste will be improved. The film is a strange attempt to produce a "moral story" and is so horny that it is ridiculous. The story relates to some cure criminal prison in French Guiana who wants to escape from their French colonial prison through a jungle (very much a Hollywood set jungle, with a rubber hose). Of course, there must be a woman in history, so Joan Crawford blames it as a lucky lucky tramp that for some reason becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford in escaping through the jungle carries high-heeled shoes and keeps her makeup fresh. Gabel flirting and grimacing, making mahkish expression, crinkling his forehead, his habit, smirking, and suggestive of all who were his way of acting. It is difficult to treat such a character as a hardened criminal when he always tries so hard to be Clark Gable that he probably has no time to be a thief. (Information seekers are by definition too busy to steal and do not fit a task that requires people NOT to see them.) Whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be considered light entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and 'depth' happens by injecting into history a mysterious 'merciful angel' who voluntarily enters the prison and pretends to be an inmate. He helps in flight and accompanies all the criminals and ministers to their various deaths and helps them find "peace" in their last gasp. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter, who maintains a convincing air of secret knowledge, smiles bravely, makes cryptic prophetic remarks, and has a small spot trained on his face to give him a heavenly glow. The theme is intended to be redemption. You can call it the Donald Duck version of 'Hollywood Goes Morale and Gets Heavy'. Hitchcock's 'In Confess' from 1953 shows for real depth how it really needs to be done. In contrast, this little well-being shows how close the closet of importance was in Tinsel Town, and that when they went shaking for something that could matter, they could only come up with you guessed it more smashed.
