The author of numerous short stories, plays and short stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965), was considered among the world's great writers during his lifetime, and although his reputation has faded over the years, his work continues to lead critical respect and a great reading public. Released in 1944, RAZOR's EDGE story is about a World War I veteran whose search for spiritual enlightenment flies in the light of the low western values. It was Maugham's last great novel - and it was incredibly popular. Considering that the novel's conflicts are internalized spiritual and philosophical problems, it was also an extremely odd choice for a movie version - but Darryl F. Zannuck of the 20th Century Fox fell in love with the book and intercepted the screen rights shortly after its publication. <br /> <br /> According to filmlore, THE RAZOR'S EDGE was to be led by the legendary George Cukor from a manuscript by Maugham himself - and it seems that Maugham wrote a custom. When the film was produced, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director who was less known for artistic touch than a workman-like way, and the Maugham script was replaced by one of Lamar Trotti, the author of such memorable screenplays as THE OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, recently returned from World War II military service, was cast as the spiritually contradictory Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauties of her era, was cast as socially Isabell Bradley. The support material was particularly notable including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson, and Elsa Lanchester. Both budget and shooting plan were lavish, and when the film debuted in 1946, it was greatly admired by both public and critical. <br /> <br /> But time has a way of putting things right. Seen today, RAZOR's EDGE is really a beautifully produced movie - but the absolute best thing to say for it is that it achieves a relatively uniform mediocrity. As in most cases, the big problem is the script. While reasonably close to Maugham's novel in terms of plot, it is noticeably excellent in character, and it completely avoids capturing the fundamental issues of history. We are told that Larry is in search of information; we are told that he receives it; we are told that he is about it - but despite the occasional and predominantly superficial comment, we are never really told about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes behind any of it. In particular, we have never told anything important about the nature of the information itself. It helps cut the story on the knees. <br /> <br /> We're back with the maughham's shell, which centers the relationship between Larry and Isabell, a woman Larry loves, but leaves because of growing ideological riffs that open up between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney became more known for physical beauty than talent, but both could show good performances when they received solid directorial and script support. Unfortunately, this does not happen here; They are extremely one-note and force is very miscast to start. Fortunately, the support casting is quite good, with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson in particular; The current performance of Anne Baxter, however, has not been as good as one could hope for. <br /> <br /> With a maturity of just under two and a half hours, the film also feels unnecessarily long. There are seemingly endless cocktail party-type banners, and the entire India sequence (which sounds so weakly hilarious) would have been better cut altogether - a strange situation, for this is the sequence itself calculated as the core of the whole movie. Regardless of the specific scene, everything just seems to go on and on to some real point. <br /> <br /> As for the DVD itself, the movie has not been remastered, but printing is extremely good, and while the Bonus Pack is not very memorable, neither is noticeably bad. Having said all that, I give THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for production values ​​and everybody's willingness to take on the material - but frankly, this is a movie that is best left for Power and Tierney who will enjoy it for stellar guilt and those whose ideas of spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the film itself. GFT, Amazon Reviewer
