What if Somerset Maugham had written a novel about a coal miner who decided to seek transcendental enlightenment by trying to join a country club? If he had it, he could have called it The Razor's Edge, since Katha-Upanishad tells us, "The sharp edge of a razor is hard to pass over, so the wise say the way to salvation is tough." But Maugham decided to hold on to the well-run class, and then we have carefully crafted, well-connected, and committed to becoming Darryl F. Zanuck's version of Larry Darrell, who has recently returned from WWI a coal miner. <br /> <br /> Or as Maugham tells us, "This is the young man I write. He's not famous. It may be that when his life eventually comes to an end, he won't leave more traces of his stay on this earth, than a stone thrown in a leaf of water on the surface of the water, but it may be that the lifestyle he has chosen for himself may have an ever-increasing influence over his fellow human beings, so it is a long time after His death may be realized that in this age, a very remarkable creature lived. "<br /> <br /> Razor's Edge has all of Zanuck's cultural tastes that money could buy. It's so serious, so sincere ... so self-meaning. As Larry goes about his quest for wisdom, working in mines, on merchant ships, climbing in a Himalayan mountain to learn from an old sage's husband, we have his selfish girl friend, Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, his tragic childhood game played by Anne Baxter, boyfriend's snobbish and impeccably dressed uncle, played by Clifton Webb and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall and took notes. The film is so creepy-smuggled about goodness that the only thing that perks it a bit is Clifton Webb like Elliot Templeton. "If I live to be a hundred, I never understand how any young man can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has some good lines, but we'll start appreciating Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted a prestige hit for the 20th century when he bought the rights to Maugham's novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from the military service. He made sure there were well-dressed extras of dozens, a score that sounded like the meaning of a cathedral, and he even wrote some of the scenes himself. The effort is as self-conscious as a fat man wearing a hired tux. Despite Hollywood's view of things in The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that for most people, hard work does not provide enlightenment, just fatigue and low pay. <br /> <br /> After nearly two and a half hours, we see last time Larry carrying his duffle bag on a boots in a storm. He's going to work his way back to America from Europe with a happy smile on his face. "My dear," Somerset Maugham says to Isabel at the same time in a furnished salon. "Larry has found what we all want and what very few of us ever get. I don't think anyone can fail to be better and nobler, cheek to know him. You see, my dear, goodness is after all the biggest forces in the world ... and he has it! "Larry and the audience both need a healthy dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> For us to forget, Maugham was a fine writer of plays, novels, essays and short stories. To see how the movies could do him justice, see how some of his short stories were put on the screen in Encore, Trio and Quartet. And instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Lawrence Durrell. The Alexandria Quartet is a good read.
