In the summer of 1979, when this flick was a staple on the new film medium called HBO, Gas Line Summer & Iranian was Hostage Crisis Summer. A change of mood was about to finish low-budget, one-on-a-mission car movies, although "Smokey & the Bandit" is kept user-friendly flicks that go live-action Roadrunner cartoons for a few years. "Corvette Summer" is as quirky as any previous movie like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry", if brighter and sexier than most. Just-graduated, high-school car genius Kenneth (Hamill) hitchhikes to Vegas in pursuit of car theft, ripped off by his Shop Class masterpiece, a super-custom, right-handed Vette. In the spiritual limbo of the I-15 desert (see "Fear and disgust in Las Vegas") he enters a custom van (yes it was also the habit of the tail), which was proclaimed as a mobile bordello & driven by sassy, Hoping hooker Vanessa (Potts), on her way to Sin City to do her good, whatever ambitious hookers do. VANessa, get it? Shadow, innocent Kenneth is in the way of Vegas's head, with only his all-American decision and his new friend helping him, although the hard-hit young call girl is predictably less world-renowned than she first thinks. Why has Vanessa invested her talents, money and future in the world's oldest but least worthy profession, for example. College or even hairdresser, explained by young men who would like to believe that all women are considering at least the joy of that career path. Remember the audience, don't you? Hamill is a great choice for whitebread Kenneth (the car does not even belong to him personally but to his school), which will not be discouraged from his goal by violence, money or even love - until he finds out why the car was really stolen. Potts work with style and energy, but Vanessa is too incredible for anyone but the most credible testosterone machine to buy into. The evil guys are surprisingly human, especially of the always fine Brion James. But there is not much action and it is not the kind of movie that can be worn by dialogue, plot twists or Heavy Themes. You could always reach, turn the TV dial and connect your "Pong" console. The similar, but more significant Chris Mitchum vehicle "Stingray", which appeared around the same time, made lams work, but more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each movie may have produced a Vette movie that is worth remembering. Trans Am thus returned to control box-office muscle car showroom. Another forgotten car movie taken from the dead of "Speed ​​Channel's" fine weekend series, Lost Drive-in.
