If you hit your teens in the 70's as I did, you probably remember the stories about Studio 54, whether you liked disco. An exclusive club, it was the perfect symbol of the cultural overindulgence of the 70's and self-absorption; There is even an excellent VH1 documentary about the club that could tell you everything you wanted to know about its thriving time, and the stories are quite interesting enough to spawn a very captivating movie. Unfortunately, this is not it. 54 follows the lives of a couple of his employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a bushman named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a furry girl, Anita (Selma Hayek) and of course the master ceremonies themselves, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). While the club is well represented, this film is more about the workers' personal life, and Shane's story follows closely. The film works in spores. Sometimes it captures the perfect nightlife culture (eg, when Shane is taken to an evening party and doesn't know who Errol Flynt is), and other times it grows into the hokey melodrama. Some of it is inherent in the premise ?? follow the underlings as they interfere in the world of the rich and amazing ?? but much is due to the kid-gloved treatment that both the club and Rubell get throughout the film. While Rubell certainly electrified the scene in New York with his penchant for over-the-top performances and his exclusive hand picking of the crowds every night, the violent drugs and sexuality are only briefly touched; and Rubell himself, while his excesses are mentioned, come out oddly positive for a guy who was alive a liar, a cheat, a drug addict and promiscuous as hell. Not that I was looking for the man who was pilloried here, but his ego contributed directly to the fall of his club and the falling nightlife culture he helped raise. A final scene, where he looks down on the fixed paternals, is so emotionally false that he is obviously absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers is doing his best to capture Rubell, but he's got so little to work with here, it's surprising his performance is effective but he's good, and he helps anchor the movie. Philippe, who I generally seem to be a good actor, is hamstrung here by his grandeur and stupidity; He is limited to a deer-in-the-headlights smile or a sullen uncomprehending wrinkle, and even he cannot translate it into a strong performance. Hayek and Meyer are both okay again, signed by the writing, and Neve Campbell ?? prominent on the DVD cover ?? Looks so short that she really has an extended cameo. <br /> <br /> For some reason I'm still interested, even fascinated by the popular culture of the second half of the 70s. But even in view of this, it is not a movie that specifically involved me, despite a disposition to like it. I would say, whether the era or the club has any interest in you, trace the VH1 thesis instead of this melodrama in the middle of the road.
