On the cover of it, Ruiz has set out to make a psychological thriller. Although not as satisfying as a classic piece in that genre, there are compensations. The tensions between Huppert and Balibar as women calmly but calculating at war over a boy they both claim are convincing; But in a true European style of art, Ruiz does not give us the release of this excitement as the women alternately also try to behave compassionately towards each other. The only raised voice is that of Huppert's wake up from a nightmare (an undisputed irrational event in the movie). In fact, if we follow the title, the movie is just as little about its thriller skeleton as Jane Campion's cut. Instead, it is an intergender psychological study focusing on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides on a practical joke and plays his mother against an emotionally vulnerable other woman. Both women seem to pander to him rather than to scold and it connects the problem. In the background is a distinguished psychologist (Charles Berling), quick to confront the women in his life - his sister Huppert, the nanny or his father - and then act as a symbolic adult counterweight to the calm and (we teach) manipulative Camille. It is particularly interesting that the father of Henry James' Screw Turn, Denis Podalydes Law Enforcement Father, is absent in the film's duration. Ruiz fashions an oedipal moment out of Huppert's reaction to his return in the film's vicinity. <br /> <br /> Read either as a thriller or as a psychiatric essay, but this movie is ultimately quite disappointing. I am officially a little more concerned with Mme Huppert's display method, which is too buried, and then I look to see her on stage before coming back to her (European - Enjoyed Heaven's Gate) movie again. The support is good. Ruiz does not throw any favors though. Aside from some bad lighting and some intentionally odd shots, it is as if his direction has left out characterization completely out of reach - I am thinking in particular of Edith Scob's shamanic neighbor of Isabelle, who is knowledgeable but communicates confusion. The set pieces do not connect to a forward drive card - the tension I have already mentioned is not only slightly scattered but wasted in its direction potential. Want to see a good modern French thriller? Go see L'Appartement instead. 4.10
