I totally despise this movie. No wonder Jose Larraz "disowned" it at some point and refuses to discuss it. I admire Larraz's work, especially his unclear slasher / sex maniac thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has some kind of inevitable artiness that he cannot seem to quench, in part because of his secondary career as a painter and comic. It's too bad that he never made a western, his vision would have been perfect. <br /> <br /> Black chains are easily his most notorious movie and probably his best known after the masterpiece VAMPYRES. And it is infamy about a scene where a satanic coven unites a bizarre rite involving the exertion of a god's reproductive fluid - symbolizing The Beast - as a form of nausea to be used to prepare a life as a sister for a murder man for her role as Satan's bride. The scene in question is staged in a way that looks quite convincing, even without showing any plumbing apparatus, the goat may have been equipped to rely on the actress actress recruited to play the supplicant in the ritual and lots of guttural Chanting on the movie's recycled musical score belonged in half a dozen films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The scene's perverted nature is more implied than shown in graphic detail, reinforced somewhat by the knowledge that the said supplicant is actually the teenage daughter of the satanic priest. My, but they had fun collecting this movie. The problem with it is that there is not much to deconstruct or consider apart from the paper-thin ROSEMARY'S BABY-derived story that a woman is being degraded in her role as Satan's bride by a sophisticated covenant of Satanists living in the swollen foreigners of a very scary Britain. Led by Eurohorror sensation Helga Line these satanists consist of doctors, lawyers, countries who own magnates and other top crust dignitaries who actually owe their professional success to their worship of the devil. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, beware of who you can sell out to pay back petty personal conflict, or you can end up being felched with a sword. <br /> <br /> movies are trying to combine this heady satanic tour with oodles or borderline graphic sex and should properly be considered a kind of top or culmination of sex and horror Spanish thriller traditions popularly partly by Mr. Molina & Ms Line, who had amazingly blossomed under the frown of a Generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. While living his decree was that the Spanish cinema should be free of graphic depictions of sex on the screen. Spanish instructors often made two versions of their film, one with sexy hidden from their own screens and one with fornication on the display for export. As it was for the filmmakers to express themselves, the result was a kind of interesting excitement, which usually results when the artists flirt with the forbidden: Spanish horror from the 1970s has a very special taste to what is something of an acquired taste. It's not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in a bizarre adventure, without Franco's influence on their culture Spanish horror kind of dried up in the late 1970s, when their Gothic castles and demonic orgies suddenly found themselves passé then compared to new sensations as the JAWS and STAR WARS phenomenon. And without Franco's limitations, their sudden flood of overtly graphic thrillers came out of the pipes in the very early 70s / early 80s, of which BLACK CANDLES might be the best known because of its emphasis on sexual deviation with a domestic animal. Larraz's big horror film has always been about sexual taboos (VAMPYRES lesbism, incest SCREAM AND DIE & DEVIATION), but here the effect of depravity is to overshadow the rest of the production. No one cares about anything other than the traditionally censored trip to the goat, and seeing a cut version without the scene in the barn is almost an exercise in meaninglessness. The sex is not graphic enough to classify as porn, and the chills are not chilling enough to judge as horror. So BLACK CANDLES is essentially a behavioral study - here is how high society British Satanists can behave in their secluded mansions out into the West Midlands or whatever. Between sex scenes, the actors / actors sit around and have lots of discussions. The best thing about the movie is an unthinkable oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, with most of the action taking place in the tightly-trapped interior of Ms Line's mansion. Almost all aspirations are suggested so that fans of soft glands with a hint of supernatural scare will be entertained, and of course, the vicarious sex criminals among us will choke on their chickens for the pedigree scene. But the ultimate conclusion of the film is stupid, pretentious, intelligence insulting and probably perfect for such an otherwise unforgettable application in the application. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without the magazine, this movie is just not the same, and with the scene it is probably a bit too much for most viewers. Larraz was correct to reject it.
