Note yourself - just because a movie is alien, fuzzy and stars Catherine Zeta-Jones doesn't mean it's good. That's the case with 'Blue Juice', a Brit Brick from 1995 on an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts in what seems (for a stupid American, anyway) an even more unlikely place to find surfers: Cornwall, England. You may think this has the possibility of a fun, quirky little comedy. If only. The movie is just over ninety minutes, but it seems endless. The easiest way to describe it is as a kind of '90's British version of' Fat 'without the dance, but even that makes it better than it is. No, the best way to take it is like a little bit of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman living with surfing instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee, you remember him). Pertwee is actually the movie's star, and his character is something of a surfing legend to a small group of surfing devotees, the necessary oddball group of free spirits that inevitably inhabits movies like this. In this case, it consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former nightclub DJ who wants to be a record producer and a bold nerdy guy who, on an excessively extended scene, gets stoned and loses all his inhibitions, which turns out to be the best thing that ever happened to him. I can't honestly say that everything going on in 'Blue Juice' is predictable as it is in a place and reflects the manners and manners I am not very familiar with, but it is certainly not surprising or even interesting that takes place there or with the signs. However, the comedy is very predictable and tired. You can feel the settings one kilometer away and almost recite the dialogue (in American form, of course) before the actors do. The relationship between JC and Chloe is every one hackneyed. She wants him to grow up; He wants them to become the impetuous teens they started to be. He is afraid of losing face with his gang; She thinks he prefers them to her. You get the idea. When I struggled to keep the focus on 'Blue Juice' at the end, I felt as if it was an hour and a half of my life I would never return.
