About five minutes in and I saw where this was going. Bun high school kids get annoyed by the school's administration and thoughts of rebellion starting to fomenting. I told my boyfriend: If it comes under a 5 on IMDb, I will go read a book. It got 5.0 so she persuaded me to continue watching. What are the good things? It's good that this movie doesn't have a story because you probably would be distracted by it when editing. It is like the student's drawing that was torn up by one of the teachers, all the footage of this film was cut into a freak accident involving a meat mill and left half of the stock destroyed, with the other half splashed in two seconds bits. Even in a ten-second scene in the local TV news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there is the mounting. These are all set for electronic music, which warns you of another installation, such as Pavlov's dog you start ringing every time you hear it, which is about every three minutes. Oh, I should say what's good about this movie. Now the film was shot really well, with a nice color palette that matched the emotional content - as it were - of the scenes. Okay, now with the movie's big mistake, and it wasn't the story or the lack of it. The director made the lethal mistake of leading you wildly about people and situations, not by clever storytelling, but by being very selective about what should be shown about the main characters. It's just cheating. I suppose he did it to make the key character more comfortable. But it was just plain annoying. If the story is full of holes, it is not good to try to patch it up by misleading the viewer. And often there wasn't even a point on it. And then ends. Basically, peace's greatest villain is an okay guy if a prison. Plus, what seems to be the whole point of the movie is that you should stand up for a just cause at the head of the already mentioned misdirection and make it a point of nature of revolutions, it was already done, and much better, by animals farm. It also used to say what I call Bill Cosby: no matter how things can work in the beginning, adults are always right and children are always wrong. And let's face it: unless you're me, it's just not true.
