Chillers start on a cold, dark stormy night when a bus kills three passengers outside a bus station, a young boy named Mason (Jesse Emery), a professor Dr. Howard Conrow (David Wohl) and a woman named Sharon Phillips (Laurie Pennington). Inside, they discover that they have missed their bus and are stranded for the night. In the waiting area, the other two people, Ronnie (Jim Wolf) and a sleeping woman named Lindsay (Marjorie Fitzsimmons), who currently have a scary nightmare ... While swimming in an indoor pool Lindsay meets and turns to Guy Billy Waters (Jesse Johnson), next time Lindsay sees Billy, he dives into the pool and then disappears into thin air before he surfaces. Shortly after Lindsay discovers Billy Water died in a dive accident 5 years ago ... <br /> <br /> Lindsay wakes up and tells the others about his nightmare, everyone else responds by saying they too some disruptive dreams recently & decides to share them to pass the time ... Next up is Mason, who tells a story about how he and two friends, Scott (David R. Hamm) & Jimmy (Will Tuckwiller) are terrorized a camping trip ... Then it's Sharon, whose story is about a newsman named Tom Williams (Thom Delventhal), whom she telephones up, in no time is Tom right at her doorstep, but he actually turns out to be a vampire ... It's Ronnie's turn next and he describes how he discovers he can bring the dead back to life, unfortunately he brings the executed mass murderer Nelson Caulder (Bradford Ball) back to the murderous life ... Finally Dr. Conrow a tale of how two of his students brought an old aztec war god named Ixpe (Kimberly Harbo clock) back to life ... Then it's back to the bus station for a last (predictable) twist ... written, produced and directed by Daniel Boyd Chillers is one of the worst horror antologies I've ever seen, and I like this subgenre. The script from Boyd lacks what is needed for movies like Chillers to work, you can see the last twist coming a mile away & every story is really lame. The first is completely pointless and did not seem to have an end and the best thing about these anthologies is the short, creepy stories rounded off with a nice twist. The second story is predictable, and again, just ends without any payout. So it continues throughout Chillers that each story is deeply unsatisfactory to see and have no reward for doing so. The character & dialogue is poorly written, the stories do not seem to have their own original ideas, and as a whole the film sucks completely. In any case, every story doesn't last long, and I liked the idea behind the connection segments. <br /> <br /> Of course, Director Boyd worked with a very low budget and it shows. All I can say is, if you want to see a 15-minute minute story entirely within a swimming pool, then Chillers is for you. The stories are neither clever, scary nor have any kind of tension or build up. That said, it has a few fine scenes and some surprising skills shine through on occasion. Violence & gore wise there's not much going on in Chillers, a torn heart, a decapitated head and a bitten hand are just as ugly as it gets. Technical Chillers are bad things that won't impress anyone. Basic cinematography, poor music, cheap special effects and below average production values. Chillers also have one of the worst closing issues ever, period. The action is also very low. <br /> <br /> I'm sure a lot of effort was put into Chillers as a low budget movie and at least the filmmakers were trying, so I'll give credit for it anyway, but it still doesn't stop me from Believe it is shit. Similar anthology films such as Tales From the Crypt (1972), Asylum (1972), The Vault of Horror (1973), Dr. Terror's House of Horrors (1965), Creepshow (1982) and Tales From the Darkside: The Movie (1990) are far superior to Chillers, so watch one of them instead.
