Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the manager and owner of a famous restaurant in California. He has a lovely wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette) who is pregnant, and a beautiful son of about five years old. Sammy actually loves his family but as Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he has a double life with sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastasia Kinski) is trying to help him. OK, that's my fault: I read the summary of the other IMDB user comments I saw the IMDB user rating, but I really didn't think Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it out and actually some comments are very complacent. The story, the manuscript and the dialogues are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some X-rated movies, we can find more intelligent stories. The photography is so amateurish and naive that in some parts it seems to be taken through a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres doesn't have the sense of ridiculous: being an old man, bald, would be acceptable in an ad of Viagra or grandfather of the little boy. But as an attractive man who gets and has sex with any woman, it's scary. In Wood Allen's comedy he might have a chance, but in a "serious" movie it's fun. I try to find out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski agreed to participate in such a horrible, amateurish and garbage movie. Do they need money? Lack of chances in better movies because of their ages? Are they friends of the 'director' (sorry to use this word) and decided to help and promote him? I don't know if Rosanna Arquette's intention was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress accepts such a script. The same goes for the beautiful Nastasja Kinki. She is presented fat without makeup without glamor. A total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actresses in cinema history. A fact is really exciting to me: How can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this trash, give higher ratings or write good comments on this movie? Are they friends of the 'director' (again do I use this word ...) or cast? It sounds very strange to me that a normal IMDB reader likes such a movie. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): `Viciado Em Sexo '(` Addicted In Sex')
