This trashy B movie tries to mask as a study of sexual addiction, but it's really a bad excuse for a sexploitation flick. The story is about Sammy Horn (subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy is a restaurant owner with a clueless wife Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a small child. He has sexual addiction and must have meaningless sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision who will agree (and of course, every woman on the planet finds him irresistible despite looking old enough to collect social security). <br /> <br /> The story is centered on a conversation with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski), describing his sexual exploitation through flashback. This is nothing more than a handy starting point for a parade of serial sex actions that use at least 75% of the screen. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know where to start criticizing a movie, so bad. The production values ​​are unpleasant. The movie is shot on video with a look somewhere between a television soap opera (at best) and an amateur porno shot shot in a person's garage. Joseph Brutsman's direction is horrible with poor lighting, uninspired framing and poor player orientation. The script is rapid and the dialogue mindless and vulgar. Women are generally portrayed as sex-occupied nymphomaniac, just waiting for an abuser such as Sammy to come along and coarse them while feeding their insatiable desires with impersonal copying. As an example, Grace's sister comes over indignantly to inform Sammy that she knows he has slept and that she should tell her wife. His answer to that is to throw her up against the wall and start raping her. About three seconds into it she has an epiphany and is instantly transformed into one of his sex disciples, asking him to give her more. Just as they are finished Grace goes in and says to her: "Oh, nice to see you, run to pick up Timmy and Mom is the word about Sammy's indiscretions. The loyalty band has been sealed with a good shipment. No spoiler here because It is so typical of the film's obvious character that anyone who had seen the first fifteen minutes could have predicted it. The sex images are all overdone, mechanical, and so poorly simulated that they are more comical than erotic. Both participants fully dressed up, the action is miserable, Michael Des Barres presents the full depth of a downpour, and he really seems to get into the body parts shock and fate, but when it comes to working with Arquette and Kinski, he's on Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this movie that gives a tolerable performance and looks really bad when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lecherous animal. Lt for compassionate as a therapist, but at least we have some plays here. The rest of the molding is just a collection of raised body doubles to whom they give thoughtful lines that "strike me harder, is it the best thing you can do?" 'and' Oh, God? YES'. <br /> <br /> This movie is among the worst I've ever seen, a dubious distinction given to the thousands of movies I've seen. I have given it the extremely rare dishonesty of rating it 1/10. Not seen within three hours of any meal.
