You can't deny that we have an affinity for speed. Therefore, movies like Fast and The Furious, Dhoom, Rempit are made to live up to the audience's satisfaction, especially locals. We live on a small island and I cannot understand why, because of the relative efficiency of public transport systems, most of us will get into debt by owning a set of wheels that come with 100% tax when they reach our shores, and The countless of taxes and bills to be paid when they operate. Not only that, high end sports cars were once spotted by a prominent politician north, that they will never reach fourth gear so they do not come to sea. And these movies are relatively easy to make. Hot wheels and hot chicks always go well together in targeting the required demographic. For once, the offensive necks that expose creepy pants and short skirts that emphasize the legs two feet long cannot compete with the attention given to the beautiful curves that exotic cars possess in movies like these. Of course there are among us (ahem) those who go for sexist portraits of women as mere sexual objects (otherwise explain why motor show comes with truckloads of models, and movies like these can't do without a leggy model in a frame), Dog they do not guarantee the kind of collective orgasmic sigh when the four wheelers come on the screen, even when they do not do anything and have their gear in the park. The guy is sitting next to me, I swear he blows his pants every time his dream car looks and cremates his pants even more when he hears the grueling engine upsets. <br /> <br /> So, we got it, fan boys who came up in the evening just to see which of the latest cool cars are coming into the movie. With the fast and the terrible franchise, the Japanese models like the Evos and Skylines center, like the GT. Here, the Ford GT takes an incredibly cold valuable facade modification, which I myself am impressed with, along with the latest models like Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GT, Koenigsegg CCXs and any car out there that has wings for doors. But seriously, my heart goes out to the cars every time they are gently reused for entertainment only. I mean, it's just fine, high-performance models that are at the top of the engine, yet because the one who funded the movie had millions to blow, they do it because they can. <br /> <br /> There is no story in Redline, just sorry to put together a movie full of beauties (the cars that are) that can tear down the asphalt in probably the most boring way and with the usual shots of pedals (always the accelerator, think and drain the brake pedal means blasphemy, and do not earn you respect), steering wheel, gear shift (always changing and not down), all these while having the actors, pretend to be the bad asses with a motor, snarling and gives each other dirty appearance. Not a very high order for an actor, and therefore we get the most incredible performances ever, with lines that seem to be written by primary schools. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes it made a statement that girls can run) Natasha (a very plasticicky after Nadia Bjorlin) is one of the million dollars found - a girl with model looks who don't mind coming down to four and immersed in oil that has racing pedigree in her and performing with a rock band singing songs with lyrics that are just mutilated (each line had to do with cars and when singing about love , you just had to lace them inside as shift gears, lubricants and go on rides). Introduced against her desires for illegal racing of a gangsta called Infamous (Eddie Griffin), she is drawn into family games with a Leo DiCaprio lookalike Iraq war veteran, and a little scary ridiculously widespread uncle. Everything else that I said serves only as an excuse for the movie to go from race to race. <br /> <br /> And this is almost always the same, as there is very limited to what you can do to increase the tension between race cars, especially when you know the race is rigged (by stories) and can see the race result one kilometer away from the finish line. While Quick and Furious had quite charismatic actors, and I would put the head on the block by naming Paul Walker, Sun Kang, and of course the star it created - Vin Diesel, Redline had no, just beautiful faces with lots of air unfortunately. It looks like a television movie in its treatment from the start, with a very incomplete opening sequence where it is a man, a car and a 105 minute race against the time to get to Vegas. <br /> <br /> If not for the cars, this movie is seriously a piece of junk, with bad acting, bad lines and bad action. Strictly for car fans, or those who like their movies with countless conscious beauties that pimp their bodies without any talking lines.
