There is a scene in this movie of about 42 minutes of mark that is among the worst I've seen for some time. As F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) are relaxing on the beach, suddenly things are tense and Sheilah begins to cry - at which point she tells her lover about her sordid past. This "dramatic scene" becomes so terribly exaggerated and frantic, I couldn't help but turn to my wife and curse how stupid it was ... as dramatic music swelled on the television as it all came to a false crescendo. No one experiences moments like this - no one. Now that much of the rest of the movie is true, I can't say, but this moment was ridiculously bad and as fake as a $ 8 Rolex - and makes me assume that some of the other reviewers were correct - the movie is a lot of bunk beds. However, I am not an expert on the lives of these two people, nor did the internet seem to solve this. Just who was F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what were their relationships really? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, seems different to what I saw in the movie. Was he the suave and decent man we originally see in the movie? Well, when he was married at the same time, he continued with Graham and drank like a fish, I suppose he wasn't. Was he as unpleasant and boring as we later see in the movie? Perhaps, but if he was so bad and Mrs. Graham stayed with him, then it seems to be a complete dummy - and not a person you would like to see in a movie. And if he wasn't, then the movie makes a bad bad service for its memory. In no way made it a painful and not very pleasant experience. The sum of this movie seems to be a tale of two not very sympathetic or healthy people. In a dark and sweet way, some may find this very entertaining, but most are sure to see this as a train wagon without surprises along the way! Uncomfortable, but with sharp production values ​​(especially the music, which was lovely but far above the top), the question is "why did they choose to do this in the first place?". Bottom line - it's a pretty bad movie around and probably not worth your time - even if you're like Gregory Peck's great fan.
