This is a larger budgeted movie than normal for Genre Director Honda (with more obviously detailed sets)? Even though the special effects still have the distinctive cheesiness for them (know the giant bats and rodents on the display). It also exploits a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten, who plays the visionary scientist, looks vicious and weak (but then his character must be 204 years old!), An innocent Richard Jaeckel photographer's hero, as bosses, we get Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both essentially campy). As I have often said, I grew up seeing English-language films dubbed in Italian, but hearing Hollywood actors in Japanese is another thing altogether! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels like a juvenile version of a typical Jules Verne adventure, and is quite entertaining at that level; It is actually preferred for Honda's low eyebrow variations on monsters-on-the-rampage formula because of the inherent picturesque charm of the setup in this case. The reason involves the kidnapping of a famous scientist at Romero ?? he intended to establish himself in the underwater, technologically advanced city of Cotten (recruited by the world's foremost mind). We are treated with lots of stupid battles between the rival subs, but the most entertaining scenes are definitely raid on Romero's hole? In fact, Cotten should make somersaults and ward off men in rubber boots (via flames and laser radiated from his glove!) Must surely be considered nadir for his acting career; the other elder in the cast, Romero, is more in his element ?? after all, he had been a Joker in the BATMAN TV series and 1960s movies! Cotten has a tailor-made blonde doctor in her team and is assisted by a hollow Asian; Romero, on the other hand, is flanked by an oriental femme fatale ?? who, however, ends up getting a raw deal for her efforts (the girl's brain is eventually transplanted into a leeuw and condor hybrid? which is among the phoniest-looking creatures you've ever seen!). Apparently, a 2-disc set of this from Media Blasters streets this day !!
