The main reason why people still care about "Carlton-Browne Of The F.O." is that it contains Peter Sellers in another billed role. But watching this movie to see Peter Sellers is a mistake. Vendors play Amphibulos, a vigilant reptile prime minister of the poor island Gaillardia, formerly a British colony, now hosting many Russians digging during the height of the Cold War. Amphibulos wants to play both US and Soviet interests against each other for easy profit, "all very friendly and all our cards under the table". Terry-Thomas is the title character, a lazy British diplomat who is eager to show Gaillardia that Britain has not forgotten them, every possible contradiction. <br /> <br /> A positive review says here: "The reason this movie is considered average is because the comedy is discreet." I would argue that the reason "Carlton-Browne" is considered below average is because the comedy is not exist. After a decent opening, establishing the film's only two forces, a sympathetic dolly Terry-Thomas and John Addison's full-on larky score, it quickly goes down in a series of slow burns and lame miscommunication jokes. Carlton-Browne's make sense of his boss and the ambiguity of Gaillardia (which no one can find on a map) is milked to death. As we actually reach the island (after a busy series of airsick jokes), expectations are pretty low. <br /> <br /> However, they are still too high. The island itself, which seems to exist either in Latin America or the Mediterranean, is so pathetic that its honorary guarding falls at the airport and the notifier stands apart in the middle of a parade. The army is apparently still horse-drawn and allows another limp responsive to a thick accented announcer: "At war, the army uses many horses." Vendors never get quite central, even when we are in his character. The reason is taken over by Ian Bannen as King Loris, who inherits Gaillardia's throne after his father's murder. The banner is boring and plays its role just as it is written. Normally, this would make him the likely target of the stage show at Sellers, but trapped behind a thick accent and greasy mustache. Sellers are only a threat to those of us who remember him far more happily in two other films made the same year, "The Mouse Who Roared" and "I'm Okay, Jack." Nice that this movie, like "Jack", was a Boulting Brothers production, with Roy Boulting here as co-director next to Jeffrey Dell. Usually, Boulting movies combine vicious social satire with something-come comedy, but here there are only sweeping jabs in both directions. Amphibians work their lacking English mood for all its value ("This man is like, how do you say the bull in the Chinese ship"), while the Carlton-Browne is generally beaten by its superior far more than he seems to deserve. <br /> <br /> The weakest and most prolonged feature of the movie is the young Lori's romance with the Ilyena. Score a point for her being played by adorable luciana paluzzi, however, one for the fact that the apparently cousins ​​are never addressed. <br /> <br /> The film wins with a lamely staged revolution whose surprise decision will surprise no one and a last act of Carlton-Browne that seems to stick the lid on its coffin literally. Apparently he lives to see another day, but the movie with the same name is strictly DOA.
