The 7EVENTY 5IVE plot involves college kids playing a gruesome phone game that unexpectedly (to them if they are not fans of horror) get them over their heads. The story of 7EVENTY 5IVE, on the other hand, is a horror movie that had a little promise, unfortunately offset by really bad writing. What could have been fun if some stupid, old-fashioned slasher story is tracked early by his filmmakers' misguided belief that the audience would enjoy watching a bunch of loud, whiny rich children bitching on each other for most of the movie's races. With the exception of a police force played by Rutger Hauer (in a minor role designed primarily to add the film's only star force), each character on the screen is another young A-hole race. <br /> <br /> Man and woman, black and white, straight and gay, carry a whole ensemble of shallow and sharp college kids the bulk of the movie's story. Worse, when the story deals with a PARTY game gone wrong, the scene is completely filled with these little b ***** ds. Because of this, there are few breaks for the viewer, who must cope with the wrath of the skinny protagonists. Although at least some of these people are allegedly friends, all characters interact in a very hostile way, long before a real conflict actually arises. This leads to the worst possible result in a slasher film: The audience, who has to look after the leaders, not only welcomes the anonymous killer, but wants him to have arrived to start picking the vacuous brats much earlier. <Br /> The real shame of this bad characterization is that otherwise 7EVENTY 5IVE actually had some potential. Visually it is fine. First-time Directors Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor know how to build an exciting mood. They also manage to deliver on some competent, if scanty moments in classic 80s. Surprisingly, the production casting is also right. It's not that the actors aren't able to express realistic human feelings; It is simply that the script (written by beginner Vashon Nutt and director Hooks, who went much better than the camera than with a keyboard) is short for such moments. 7EVENTY 5IVE can hardly be recommended, as its well-known premise and few tensions cannot offset the bad taste left by a story driven by a shame of unpleasant signs. In this weak whodunnit, the real mystery is why someone should worry about a group of young folk who do not even like each other.
