This movie, but apparently a comedy, is fatally serious. Its subject is imperialism (with a capital I): whether Britain, stupid and humiliating, is trying to convince itself that it is still a great power after World War II. In the home, the empire is run by gracious dolts, benevolent Tories that are so bred that they cannot distinguish close relatives; Public Offices consist of long forgotten archives (a tomb of Orwellian paranoia?), Inhabited by indolent rats and ante rooms, where lounge drilled synacures, read popular novels. <br /> <br /> The UK is dressing up for old pumps; But the pomp out of context looks tired and stupid, especially when it is coated with bumbling twits. Carlton-Browne is a non-sentimental image of decline, with none of the lachrymus root destroying the supposed anti-imperial jewel of the crown. <br /> <br /> The film is also about the Cold War, with brave admission that it is a dangerous father whose participants deserve blasphemy and contempt, not fear and respect. It's about how colonialism, which is more characterized by neglect than tyranny, destroys the colonies it tells, robs them of conveniences, power, and most importantly self-esteem, making them vulnerable to dangerous cowboys treatments. <br /> <br /> It is the seriousness that of course kills it. That's not to say that weighty issues can't be dealt with in comedy - Miracle Of Morgan's Creek, Dr. Strangelove and Brian's life have all proven it. In fact, one can suggest that serious themes should only be treated with comedy - this allows for a clearer viewpoint. The problem with Carlton-Browne is that any situation must have an impact beyond the only comic strip, so that it is weighed down and scary. In the three above three films, much comes from comedy from character reaction to an extreme situation, not the extreme situation itself. Here's the script for poor to maintain rich comics, and some of the greatest comedy talent ever gathered - Peter Sellers, Terry-Thomas, Raymond Huntley and John le Mesurier - are criminally wasted. <br /> <br /> Terry -Thomas, sublime so often, shows that he couldn't cope with head pieces and that he needed to play snoring, arrogant boundaries, not brainless shots. The music is made to carry much of the comedy, but its heavy irony only draws attention to the lack of hilarity on the screen. (To be fair, unlike most British comedies from the period that were stagy and underproduced, Boultings often tries to make their points through the film itself, by assembly and composition). Only Huntley manages to make real laughs and that is by to put a sign he could have played in his sleep. None of Boulting's farces have dated well - they are never thought through enough. Although Carlton-Browne enjoys the empire, it is also anti-democratic and militaristic. I'm sure this wasn't supposed to, but these blunders are bound to happen if you allow worthy intentions to take precedence over comic intelligence and film form.
