You may want to know that I am not a Mormon, unlike a good number of those who have already reviewed this movie. I mention this so you understand that the way I look at the movie can differ greatly from those in the faith. For some, criticism of the movie may be considered critical to faith - and that is NOT my intention. So my review is that an outsider is trying to look inside and learn more about who this man and his people were. Well, once I've seen the movie, I doubt if I've learned much at all. Since I have been a history teacher, I have a good basic understanding of both young and Joseph Smith and the teachings of the Church. But anyone who wants to watch this movie to really learn something will probably be disappointed because the movie then looks gosh-darn great - too fat and too unrealistic in its depiction. In addition, you learn almost nothing about the church's beliefs, except that they are cozy people, work hard and some have many wives (and the latter is barely suggested in the movie). Instead, the people are almost cartoonish in their simplistic depictions. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are English, the non-Mormons were all devils and Brian Donlevy (playing EXACTLY the same kind of role Edward G. Robinson later played in the ten commands) is the problematic who claims to be a Mormon But just come together so the movie can have a bad guy. It's so very simple .... too simple. Almost like an indoctrination film or infomercial. Brigham Young was especially a very complex man - with many good points (an excellent organizer and visionary) as well as poor (not even getting me started on his views on black within the church or intermarriage). To portray him in such vague terms is simply stupid. It is also much like how Gandhi was portrayed in the movie with Ben Kingsley - only the facts that led him to be almost super-human were highlighted. Heck, now that I think about it, is the trouble with most religious films - they often come out as one-dimensional, trite and bland. Let's get a full and more complete movie of these men - one who sticks to facts and not emotional appeals. Now if you can ignore the fact that you don't want to learn much about the faith or its other leader, the movie is fun enough. Obviously, 20th Century Fox was really worried about the movie as they had a wonderful cast of both leading actors (Tyrone Power), up and coming actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and amazing character actors (Dean Jagger , John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had a great location and a lot of shine. It just didn't have much to tell us other than they were all "swell". Plus, there were lots of actual bugs and a few just stupid scenes. Some of the errors include Young, who took over the helm immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (it was three years later), no mention of the various Mormon terms and splinter groups, talked about "gold in California" - although it was 1847 and gold would not be discovered before 1948, and no specific mention of polygamy or Smith's many wives. Just stupid scenes include Carradine pulling a gun and waving it in the courtroom scene - and no one seemed to break - even though it was a very hostile audience! Do you think at least not the judge would tell him to put it away and stop threatening people with it? A final comment. Do not repeat, do not watch this movie when it is shown on American Movie Classics (a large station that has dropped a lot in recent years). While I am critical of the film because of its simplified message, I was appalled by the complete lack of respect for the station of the Church and its traditions. What I mean is this. The movie was drawn with ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as tons of pop-ups (some advertising a show containing "sexiest cast"). Talk about disrespectful and rough, and I would be just as offended if they did it to any other religious movie. By doing so, they not only insult the faith but marginalize their market - after all, who has it to hear about these things and Brigham Young's life? Is this a movie, in this form that you can show to your children or recommend to others?
