Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager turned to Satan (and LSD) by her archaeologist Fiance Richard. There is a neighborhood hippie demon cult hanging out on the local obsolete old castle, where Leila and Richard drink blood, drop drugs, participate in sex orgies, dance to paralyzed psychedelic rock and participate in black mass prizes where the guys wear pants, masks and capes and women do not wear anything at all. Unfortunately, these types of extracurricular activities left Leila open to demonic possession from the dreaded "spirit of spirit". Leila also comes from a screwed family who also doesn't help. Her older brother John is a cave that seems to be in love with her. Her mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depressed because she believes she was responsible for her father's death. First, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a slutty semi pro golfer by name (gasp!) Debbie Gibson. There is plenty of hired help around and also wasting more time. Two girls (a young person who takes a lot of clothes and an old who spies at all), plus Udo (Luis Induni), a bald voyeuristic craftsman who spies on Leila, changes clothes, takes nude pictures of her and sneaks into the pool house to take a sniff of her freshly used swimsuit. Oh yeah and Borg, the German Shepherd dog. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is father Adrian Dunning, the dubious priest (zzzzz) who begins to snoop around after John and Richard both have their heads twisted backwards. Leila tells him, "They say I'm perverted and I want to prove it's true!" During her birthday party, she tells her guests: "You make me sick! I hate you all!" and when mother suggests having a doctor come over, she screams "I don't want to see that fat ass!" Debbie suggests that they commit Leila to a "sanitory", but Leila runs off and joins the cult again. She is rescued (again) and brought home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> At this point in the movie there are only approx. Ten minutes back and all we've seen are very boring scenes of characters talking and whining about how terrible and f-ed their lives are and how Leila seems weird. It's almost as disturbing to sit through as an Andy Milligan movie, minus doing and laughing. But finally over the last few minutes we get the movie title entails - an EXORCIST-like possession flick. Unfortunately, the best part of the contact lenses is Leila. Some cheap time-lapse slashes appear on her arms, legs and face, she gets shabby lips and her eyes look like blue and white balls. She begins to pull off the rotten meat, spits a clear lump, begins to speak in her dead father's voice, sneaks into her mother's bedroom, strikes her a little, and calls her a "bad bitch of a whore". In the coming, Father Adrian, who now finally thinks she is actually in possession, is averting her attempts at seduction, hallucinating frogs and eels in the kitchen and forming Leila with holy water. Doors open and close, a mirror breaks, there is a sudden thunder and her bed rises from the floor. When she tackles Dunning and the two roll down the stairs, the spirit is out of her and into - guess who? Why, The Borg Family Pooch! The demon dog then turns Adrian on and chews him a little before he attacks it on a fireball. Then we get one of the most annoying final pictures that have ever been required to film. It's Leila on the floor, going from her scary look back to her normal sexy self. But then there is another time-lapse effect that seems to indicate that the demon may have reinstated his body. It's so badly done, you really have no idea what to do about it, which is the final blow to the face of anyone who has just realized that they have wasted an hour and a half on this worthless POS. <br /> <br /> Turn the connectors, 1 in 10 is it.
