I feel like a genius; I feel like I'm the only one who saw through this fake movie. I saw it three times, once with comments, and I found myself annoyed by all the close-ups, all the time the screen just swims out, and worst of all, I feel the movie never really solves anything. Yes, the priest dies, but he did not really work in peace with the city, which gave him so much grief, or with himself. That and he was an idiot. If it wasn't for comment from Peter Cowie, who explained not only the movie, but the book it came from, I wouldn't have been able to make it at all. I enjoy French movies, but this is quite absurd. Today's country priest is embroiled in beautiful black and white photography, but that alone cannot save this deadly stupid tripe. Scene after scene with extreme close-ups, where characters don't say anything before the camera cuts off and goes to a black out, does NOT make an interesting or relevant story. How this movie ever became a classic is pointless: it reminds me of emperor's new clothes. <br /> <br /> Yes, Claude Laydu is extremely knowledgeable and thoughtful if you are a sadist, but this movie is back I feel empty because it is generally a weak impression of the Catholic priesthood that is a monstrous and sincere corruption corps. The young priest's victory over the count's pride is a weak scene, but 90% of the film will pull you down with its gloomy introspection and window into the young priest's melancholy thoughts. This pastor does not come across as much as being humble as he is merely pitiful. <br /> <br /> Being that I don't speak or understand French, I was looking forward to doing the English SUBTITLE thing to help understand the movie. Now the English SUBTITLE is sometimes impossible to see / read, and the text rolls so fast that there was a lot I couldn't read (and I'm not very slow to read - I just finished Dostoyevsky in 3 days). <br /> <br /> I really wanted to like this movie. I try everything "chosen" by the Criterion Collection, and yet I can't see why in many ways it deserves some sort of critical nod. However, I sat through this entire two-hour movie hint to feel some kind of empathy for the protagonist, and it was never realized. He just seemed like a victim rather than a fighter. And for that I say it stunk.
