... You can't even push her out of the way because she's old; And if you were a charity, you can say that the ponderous time she's ambles with is not really her fault. Nevertheless, in these circumstances, it is often difficult not to get annoyed when you find yourself pulling your heels in her wake. So it is with "The Pallbearer", an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy that in this way mainly hamstrunges, because the room is all wrong; a kind of showing your breakdancing skills at a grandparent's funeral. To further expand the metaphor (perhaps unwise!); As the old lady, one begins to feel with the film's setup that its death cannot be far away. Certainly, this particular 'death' is slowly prolonged and slowly dropping away in our reserves of empathy in small, small steps, as depressing we come to the realization that the matter is only moving in one direction: Downhill. Its worked attempts at 'humor' can be seen as a kilometer away - again, not unlike the wicked inevitable of death! <br /> <br /> Back again to the image of the 'pulling heels', the protagonist, Tom, proves to continually repeat this action throughout his life. If there are actually degrees of "pathetic" then this juice may be a good pair of notches in front of Schwimmer's second - more famous role. To find out in the awkward position that you have to adapt the audience's sympathies with a character even more "clueless" than Ross, is certainly a tough query even to "be able" to a cartoon character like Schwimmer, but I think he can find fault with itself for how he primarily escapes his most famous depiction if he chooses scripts where the characters can almost "interchangeably" even if the situations are not? A man with a long-standing high school crush on a person he hasn't seen for years. Sound known ...? Paltrow is nothing else if it is not gentle in its' Rachel's role, but all that goes over the old ground might be forgivable if the noticeable differences that were present were not so inconsistent. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so well worn that it is durable, and the "background" is so inappropriate that it seems that the best way to describe the resulting movie is something of a "stiff" ...! 10.2.
