I am amazed at the amount of praise attached to this film by other commentators. For me, it was quite a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, imagination and the main character's inner turmoil does not seem at all (in Vonnegut's book Slaughterhouse Five and even in George Roy Hill's adaptation to the screen). Credibility is often overstretched. Too many questions are open. Have I missed some key points? Or have I failed to spot the lines that seem to connect the dots? <br /> <br /> A boy called Campbell, Jr. grows up in upstate New York. At home, his father has many technical trading papers and a book. It has photographs of lots of dead bodies in it. The boy puts through the book, his father does not like to do it. What does it tell me? The family moves away from New York to Berlin. BANG. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a theater playwright. What kind of acting does he write? In what language? Is he successful? His wife is an actress and looks glamorous. The parents move back to the United States and invite their son to do the same. He doesn't. Why? Because he has grown up in Germany, does he feel more German than American? Because he succeeds? Because his wife is? Because he likes his life there? Because he likes the Nazis? Because he's just lazy and doesn't like change? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Possibly the man just doesn't care, isn't interested in politics, is a kind of existentialist. He says he is deeply in love with his wife. He speaks of his Republic of Two (meaning he and his wife). There is little or no evidence showing his love for his wife in the movie. It looks much more like a Republic of One. At the request of an American agent Campbell, Jr., agrees to broadcast anti-Semitic Nazi hate propaganda to US listeners as a unit to send encrypted messages to US authorities reading between the lines. The decisive meeting with the agent on a Berlin park bench is short, unexciting and anti climactic. The decision to play together comes pretty easily without explanation, seemingly emerging for the television broadcaster seems to be unintentional and seemingly quick. <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell, Jr., presenting himself over the air as the last free American. The secret messaging scheme is quite realistic and exciting - though you wonder what happened when Campbell, Jr., really and honestly had to cough, hiccup, etc. (Must have encrypted the message terribly). Still, the Nazis lose their wife's death (touring the Crimea for German troops - I have never heard such tours really happened on German front lines in World War II), Campbell, Jr., says he goes to the Russian front but does not go, is caught by an American soldier who recognizes his mug (how is it coming?), drawn to a sightseeing tour of Auschwitz, is then released and resettled by the deciding agent somewhere in the city of New York. /> <br /> AND THERE IS WHERE THE STORY REALLY STARTS. <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on, it is like a short story by Paul Auster. It is 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in New York lease as a has-been and cares for the loss of his wife. No one really cares - or do they? Yes, somehow they do, and his neighbors offer some kind of distraction. Auschwitz survivors. A painter. Some American supremacists "discover" him and want him to be their sculpture. They even find his supposed dead wife for him, or is she his wife? In the end, Campbell Jr. calls to the Israeli consulate and they give him the great war crime treatment and place him in the cell next to Adolf Eichmann's. He writes his life story, and when this task is finished, he hangs on the typewriter's tape without being soty at least. <br /> <While I can see that there is a question of guilt and loss, I just had the impression that the protagonist is a person who at all times does not care about everything and hardly capable of love for anyone. So I found it difficult to sympathize with this looser who takes care of his loss. Amazingly, many reviewers focus on his status as a potential war hero, putting his reputation on the line to play the last free American. I assume, according to them, that this took a lot of courage. In fact, however, e-movies suggest that by accepting the task, Campbell created a win-win situation for himself, as he would have been politically secure, no matter who had won the war. The danger of being uncovered never comes up in the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> One can argue that the whole story is a dreamless fantasy, and that no one should interfere with historical accuracy or a logical evolution of history that explains everything. But even then, failing to do anything, first of all, I believe, because love affair in the Republic of Two falls completely flat. This is a shame, especially if you think the wife was played by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has a lot of little screen time and is forced to use a ridiculous German accent. Another or other neglected aspect is the various texts (confession, broadcasts and hidden messages), but I think it is largely invisible. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
