You can call this a flop and it is also a very big one! Quality is not associated with the words National Lampoon, but at least the Vacation and Animal House records were fun, but to date, this offer has to be their most horrible feature. Ugh! The three-piece story tries to parody the clichés and stereotypes that flooded Hollywood genre films, which turn out to be completely unfunny and boorish dross. <br /> <br /> "Growing Yourself." - Jason a corporate lawyer decides to finish his job and divide his wife so that they can both grow and do what they have always wanted to do. It is life that Jason sees, and he takes over the children, but his decision to follow this path may not be the right one. Talk about the lead, boring and stiff. There is only real interest in the small performance of the lovely Diane Lane. The satirical element here seems to point to something than it actually just delivers it. The silly humor is strained, flat and extremely meaningless. Peter Riegert keeps it very dead in the lead role, and Teresa Ganzel bubbles up in his role. <br /> <br /> "Success Wanters" - After just completing the collage, Dominique Corsair gets a job as a stripper and is raped with some butter by Dairy Company Presidents. For payback, she becomes interested in the margarine industry and works almost on the way to the "very" top. <br /> <br /> Probably the best of the three, but the competition wasn't too great. Want to go more subtly with his sexual and power-oriented tone, but they feel increasingly sticky and forced. The idea had something promising and inventive to build on, but the slender pacing begins to wear thin at the end, and the disastrous dialogue doesn't make it any favors at all. Mood tests, but more often do not come out, despite the hunger. The seductive Ann Dusenberry is pretty cold and manipulative throughout (well after the painful trial) and likes to grace it all though the skimpy stripper outfit seems to get full training in the opening half of the story. Blown in fun smaller cameos ranging from Dick Millar, Mary Woronov, Olympia Dukakis, Fred Willard, Robert Culp and a favorite swing by Joe Spinell. <br /> <br /> "Municipalities" - A series of murderers who leave copies of his driving license after each murder are tracked by an enthusiastic naive rookie politician and his old grizzled partner. But the young policeman learns to be tough is the only way to go when the couple encounters a situation after another. <br /> <br /> Stupid! Oh yeah. Sure if you want to spoof something extremely over-top, make sure that laughter flows from it. Of course they forgot about it! Even in his 30-minute run, the boy runs! Robby Benson's gratingly mock performance became quite indulgent with a tired Richard Widmark who does very little as his partner. Christopher Lloyd teaches the role of serial killer, but his frightening anger and sympathetic performance works well and shows virtually the other leads. Elisha Cook Jr., Rhea Perlman and Harry Reems appear. When the jokes come, they really feel in sync and become rather stale with their repetition of having fun with these policy headlines. On the whole, it is idiotic material that winds its sketches across single-use, and the unbearable script is basically incomplete and unclear. Only one or two few gags make it out for each segment, but there are really too many cheap stinkers or regular misses that hold their heads. This is because it almost becomes what it is trying to poke fun on, and it shows basically in every story. It loses sight. The performances range from hot to cold, but who can't deny the embarrassment that is felt on most of their faces. Director Bob Giraldi's first taste is a rapid for "Growing Himself", but "Success Wanters" showed some smaller blooms of mild efficiency. Henry Jaglom is doing a labourly job at "Communists". Rick Meyerowitz's lively crass drawings that open the film are nicely crafted and continue to set style and mood. <br /> <br /> This low-brow comedy flickeres it by overlaying it, with the greatest interest derived from well-known cameos. But it's really worth going through this scary lame and restless get-up just to spot them. Well, it's up to you.
