I will keep the review of this program as short as possible. Skip it over. Low budget, not fun, miserable script. Not as bad as writing, but still bad. That's all you need to know, but I will continue to write more than necessary. <br /> <br /> This is a three-segment movie that parades another type of movie. A much more fun movie with the same exact idea is "Movie Movie" with George C. Scott. Very unclear, but worth finding out. MM 1930s parodyed films and made it with elegance, precision and dry white. <br /> <br /> This movie didn't. It parodies three types of movies, probably from the late 70s, early 80s, it's just parody films I have hardly ever heard of. The first is, I think, a parody of "Kramer Vs. Kramer" in a way. Peter Reigert does his best with a dirt-poor script. The other is a parody, I don't know what ... a Danielle Steele novel? I mean, you can see a story like this on Lifetime TV but in a movie theater? I mean, I remember the 70s I was there. This is a soap opera-type umbrella about a retrieving young woman sleeping on the road to power. These types of things tend to be parody myself, so I can't see how this was even needed. <br /> <br /> We are on a slightly easier basis with the third segment, "Municipalities", as parody of copfilm. I noted items from "The New Centurians" and some "Dirty Harry", both of which were nearly 10 years old when the movie was created. Yes, nice and topical. Robby Benson plays the idealistic young rookie while Richard Widmark plays the grizzled veteran cop who drinks whiskey while sitting in the police car (OH! Stop! My pages! He actually drinks splashes in the police car! Irreverent!) Note that this was the first movie after "Animal House" to have the "National Lampoon" name attached. Wow. Going about five years from the classic flick to this pile of fertilizer is nothing short of shocking. I could go for hours on the sad fall that caused one of the most groundbreaking and original voices in American humor (it would be National Lampoon, the original magazine for its first 10 years or so) to sell out and launch a Slow , slowly slipping into a world of villain where now the magazine is far away, and it only exists as a mark to beat low-budget "comedy" films for a fee. Yet another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) sucks so badly. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this movie is a serious time sucking. Don't waste your 90 minutes. I want my back. On the positive side, Fred Willard is in it!
