I chuckled a couple of times during this movie. I laughed aloud during the notarization of the margarine transfer (the pun). <br /> <br /> There are three segments in this movie. The first is supposed to be a spoof of "woman" growing up and launching career "movies. The Tampax® box was the funniest thing in this segment. Most of the cast members are not listed here on IMDb. They are the lucky ones. Few other people will be able to connect this thing to the destruction of their working career. <br /> <br /> The second segment is a spoof of "sharkish woman sleeping its way to the top and seizing control of huge industry "movie. Robert Culp has several fun moments, all physical humor, including the aforementioned handover. After his character dies, the segment drops lower and lower as Dominique Corsaire rises higher and higher. When she became first lady, I would pull the cable out The TV and watch "snow." I switched to Pakistani music videos instead. I don't understand Urdu or what language the videos were in. It was even better than listening to the dialogue in this painfully boring "story." Then came the Communists "with * big * star down, half of them on the screen for less than a minute: Elisha Cook, Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner, Richard Widmark and ... * Robbie Benson. * It would be a mockery of "young policeman with hardened, drug-abusive elderly policeman needing retirement * bad *" movies. The horizontal flash bar on the police car is very impressive. It was interesting to see old RTU buses, and a Shell gas station sign and a US savings sign - none of them are around anymore. Nagurski's "Never Stop Anywhere You Get Out Of The Car" made me smile a little. Then they discuss how boring the young policeman is. A lot. Back and forth on how boring he is. It was as boring as this description of how boring it is. Nagurskis law number four, "Never go into a music store cut into an acetylene torch", made me believe that the music business is a real business in the current location that the dispatcher gave. Think of it was more interesting than the setup for the gag that followed. Young Falcone (Benson) is shot. A lot. He becomes a hardened policeman like Nagurski. The segment continues. Wood and wood. And on. It won't stop. It rolls relentlessly forward no matter how many times you want, he just wanted to die * already so this thing will end. It doesn't. It continues and continues .... So an episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer I've seen four times already comes on. Thank God! This scary movie ended while I went to get the mail.
