Aaron Spelling produced this made for television westerners, who become terribly plotty for a twenty-five minute movie. It plays like a likely failed series pilot. Handsome Clint Walker is US Marshal Dave Harmon who walks into Yuma, Arizona Territory in time to kill one of the brothers from the local bigwig ranches out on a path drive. <br /> <br /> Walker takes the other brother to prison. Walker also meets a "sweet" homeless Mexican child who sleeps at the jailhouse. One evening, Andres, when a villain and another man dressed in Army Blue, takes the remaining brother into the street and kills him and fixes the murder of Walker. Not good for your first 24 hours at work. Walker visits the local army fort and ranks the commander's chains. Bigwig hears about his brother's death and rides back to town in time to get his chains angled. The local indigenous people, who are shortly changed by the army on their beef, also become ranked in the chains. With all these chains being angled, Walker still has time to woo the local hotel owner. The army guy involved in the murder ends up killing the local cattle buyer, the Indians making very hesitant speech, and the climax causing an unlikely showdown, as Walker has to prove to the city that the scourge cattle buyer had a boss we suspected of helpful all the time. There is a semi-subplot that involves Walker's family in the hands of Army Raiders, and I think this would have been the force behind the series, had it been picked up. Instead, the movie ends suddenly, and I waited for scenes from next week's exciting episode. Due to fade outs for non-existent commercial breaks, pacing is totally out of this, and the story jumps in the suit. Walker is beautiful, robust and has a voice deeper than a well. The rest of the casting is full of TV actors that you probably saw in other TV movies. Much of the action is rather paralyzed and the violence is lukewarm. The first brother killed gets a shotgun blast's mid-throat, and falls on him without scratches. I'm not expecting "Reservoir Dogs", but it's the wrong movie to use to teach children about the evil of evil! In the case of children, the Mexican child here goes from "sweet" to "aneurysm-inducing irritation" very quickly. <br /> <br /> If you don't like westerner, then you don't like "Yuma." If you like westerns, you still like "Yuma." I can't recommend it. <br /> <br /> This is not classified but includes physical violence and gunfire. <br /> <br />
