If the term itself was not geographically and semantically meaningless, one might well refer to "Ned Kelly" as an "Australian Western". For the Down Down people, Ned Kelly was apparently a popular heroite related to Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. The descendant of Irish immigrants became Kelly fleeting and banned when he was mistakenly charged with shooting an Australian law officer, a crime in which his just innocent mother was imprisoned. To get back to the government for this abuse, Kelly, his brother Dan, and two other companions became infamous bank robbers and win over many peoples' hearts in the countryside while beating justice for a country where Irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect. and contempt of those who ran the land. Perhaps because we have experienced this "gentleman bandit" scenario so many times before, "Ned Kelly" feels horribly familiar and unoriginal as it pays tribute to any number of genre stereotypes and clichés heading for the inevitable showdown. Ned is the typical heart-of-gold offender who only kills when he is forced to and even then only with the deepest regret. He also has the pulse of the common people, who, when in the middle of a bank robber, returns a valuable guard to one of the customers after one of his gangs has pilfered it inappropriately. Which movie on this topic hasn't shown a scene like that? These are actions of selective generosity like this, of course, serving him love and respect for all the little people who secretly admire anyone who can get away with holding it to the powers-it-be and the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays the typically anesthetized law enforcement officer who feels a personal effort to bring down this upstart troublemaker who keeps away from customizing the business. There is even the inevitable episode where one of the ladies is stopped, enters the next room and has sex with one of the robbers, so she is in the romantic extermination of the criminal lifestyle. And the movie is riddled with a hackneyed scene like this one after another. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger fails to distinguish himself in the title role and gives way to substance to make his character interesting or engaging. It does not help that he has been forced to give a droning voice-over narrative that emphasizes the devotion and pretentiousness of both the character and the film. "Ned Kelly" can serve a variety of varieties as a lesson in Australian history, but as entertainment it is just the same old story told with different accents.
