I had heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard the cult hype. As it turns out, the first movie from the new impresario Eli Roth, it's just such an effort with the IQ points falling when the movie progresses. There are worse movies out there, and probably more gory ones (while I'm not sure how the hype meter was so high on the Hostel's blood count, there's a good amount for genre fans here). The pastor is not necessarily bad, though: children go to a hut for a week of celebration, only to cross a very sick man covered in blood, who in panic burns. He blows himself dead in the water feeding the reservoir, and soon the characters all fall to the carnivorous virus somehow. The characters, either the leading college children (including Rider Strong as the hero and James DiBello as the stupid sidebar) or the supportive 'village' people are archetypal to the inertia, if not painful. <br /> <br /> As they meet their fate, cities become rather weird, and it just seems to be without reason thrown together without the many laughs; 'Pancakes kid' comes out of nowhere, and perhaps has been more fun in another movie or in itself, but in the context of the rest of the movie it just doesn't work. There is also a young police post that is even more stupid and less convincing than the others. And the family that goes after DiBello after an incident has some options that are not realized. But all the time Roth reveals his script with common sense out of the window and sudden fright and fears with people chopping blood on each other and a killer dog crashing around. It's not too bad either. Now, unlike smaller Troma horror movies or even smaller ones of the 70s or 80s that I'm sure Roth is a die-hard fan, he doesn't do it. It's also smart not to have any explanation of where the virus comes from. <br /> <br /> But, unlike these films, he doesn't really have a good idea of ​​what creates great campy horror times. Of course, his movie tries, and only once or twice does he make it a goofy, bloody time (I liked the random rabbit Strong looks at the gurney). It's not even very badly shot much of the time (albeit with its own stylish options aligning red tint on the lens or that history with the bowling alley worker). It simply contains many illogical scenarios and options (shaving your legs with a lethal virus, uh-huh), and it is aimed at rather typical soil. If it's your cup of tea, more power for you. But at the end I actually found it an unusual genre area that does not offend audience feelings ala Saw, but does not turn to the fence, nor as a smart B movie. Roth also has the temptation to finish the movie on a true note of 'what-the-hell' as Santa's bearded convenience store clerk from earlier in the movie serves a bunch of black people. It could work if he followed it up with something better or if he completely dropped it. The same could be said too much of the movie. C-
