The prerequisite for Cabin Fever starts as it may have something to offer. A group of college teens after the final (in the fall?) Goes to a resort hut in the forest, where one after another is attacked by an invisible meat fish virus. Unfortunately, the first section where any distant film quality elements stop. Cabin Fever is a little more than college kids looking for sex, booze, talk non-stop about nothing and see how many F-bombs they can get in at 1:40 minutes or how long this mess is. <br /> <br /> The kids act and react stupidly to everything around them. For example, one of them discovers that the skin virus has infected its legs, so what does it do? She keeps shaving her legs and avoids taking proper medical care for her wounds. The scene is a little more than a gross one. In another scene, Rider Strong from "Boy Meets World" is bitten by a child who only says "pancakes" and likes to make karate kicks on those sitting next to him. If you can find out the reason why the "Pancakes" child was included, I'd like to know. Anyway, pets ride a wild dog and go out to wash their bitten hand in a probably contaminated creek. Another child likes to let go of F-bombs to respond to everything around him and shoot squirrels. Why? Your guess is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the only child with no recognition in this movie. He tries to calm people down between shouting and screaming and F *** Y **! bombs that people throw around. When the kids do not shout, they have or talk about sex or talk nonsense to the other adult characters who are even more (if possible) idiotic than the kids! The idiot cop with an IQ of 60 at best can be one of the WORST performing jobs I've ever seen in a movie. You talk about people who don't play with a full deck, this dork doesn't even know how to find the cards! LAUGH OUT LOUD! I was like, "Would you please stop already?" He makes the child's actors look like geniuses! The only part I liked was Rider's scary story (though gory) about the blown bowling lane. In interviews, Rider said he had great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr Roth seems to be a little more than shock and do. There are far too many bad things about this movie for Mr. Roth to get any credit. I wish I could agree with Rider and find something good about this movie. Maybe dropped in the beginning? In fact, Rider Strong saves this movie from being 1! Hopefully he was compensated for this junk!
