I don't really know if Cabin Fever should be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it is much closer to being a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the community of horror movie makers decided to take a new step and make fun of the genre and thus feed the Scream series. A list was given in Scream, of all the stupid things horror movie characters do, it's predictable, and the characters in Scream ended up doing exactly the same things that added a lot of humor and irony to this analysis of the genre, and led to hope that horror movies from now on will turn out a little different, either full of irony towards the genre, self-directed towards the movie itself, or at least different in their dramatic process than all the "old" films that responded to the same tired criteria. By seeing "Cabin Fever", unfortunately, many will see how unoriginal, serious, pretentious, boring and even not scary some presumably "scary" movies are now, even a few years later. First of all, this film lacks originality in a way that few others do. It has been said several times how little fantasy frightening executives have today, remaking remakes of foreign successors, but putting the film in a cabin in the woods just doesn't seem to be a "homage" to anything, it seems to be, simply a ripoff. Anyone who wants to be surprised by other factors in the film's history will not be: once again, we are dealing with a film whose characters are all in their early twenties who do not think rationally when faced with a problem, rather, argue for hours and pick up battles than try to think and do something about it. Not much excitement there either. In the deepest time in a horror movie, they are tempted to kiss, love, and just basically have fun, all sorts of things that don't make them different from any other horror movie victims previously seen. Second, this movie is incredibly serious. Every situation the characters are in, every dialogue, every situation in the film is treated with such seriousness that any viewer with a small sense of blockage will be relieved when some characters finally end up dying. Nothing in the way that the movie is directed, written or acted, shows any sign of humor or sarcasm, which is absolutely stunning considering that the film is about an invisible-never-heard-before-meat-eating virus ( no laughs). I don't even want to record the play, as there are no actors in this movie. The cast was certainly granted to be friends or neighbors with the director. Third, and this will hit the one who has seen a "good" horror movie before, the manuscript is completely empty. Nothing happens right, some actions are repeated several times ("let's try to get help!"), Nothing makes sense, either in the facts, the character's psychology or even the film's hilarious lame last sequence, which is likely to be fun according to the director and writers. Lastly, I would only note that a horror movie must have something scary in it. Gallons of false blood, whether vomited, squirted from separate limbs or simply dripping from wounds, were never enough to scare an audience. Such essential features as manuscripts, ideas, and even cruelty are being asked for anyone who claims to have shot something scary. If I did not consider being a total failure, I would agree to believe that the movie has a talent: it is dirty disgusting to see. Still, I am widespread and scared, are two very different emotions, let it be known. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage someone a little curious or interested in watching this movie to check out older big horror movies first, why not from the 60s, 70s, 80s, Wes movies Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... it can not only give a good definition of what is scary or scary horror, but also convince viewers that "new "not necessarily" better ". A good example related to the film is the few track composer Angelo Badalamenti delivered to this movie, although they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, they are under something he has ever done before.
