Anyone who has read my review for Uwe Boll's "Alone In The Dark" will remember that I compared the inevitable task of sitting through human waste to getting every hair on your arm pulled out. Well, take that analogy one step further with this irreversible boy waste and try to imagine the pain of having your teeth extracted without novacaine. Do it and you will have a general idea of ​​what Eli Roth's "Cabin Fever" is all about. <br /> <br /> I never thought a movie was able to overlap the sheer agonizing drunk that Uwe Boll cranks out as the "worst movie ever made". But I must honestly say that "Cabin Fever" comes very close. This is yet another sad excuse for a movie that absolutely had no valid reason to meet any theatrical release. For anyone who claims to love the horror genre as much as Eli Roth does, he has created the most annoying and coincidental patch of a movie I think I've ever seen in my life. How do you turn up a story like this? Think of the potential that this plot would have had without the badly written characters without the bad writing and without all the unnecessary and scary comedy. A movie dealing with a grotesque carnivorous virus could and should have been so much better than what Roth dished for us here. This script failed on so many levels with me. And although I have no doubt about the obvious talent that this director possesses, I know that he fumbled the ball a great deal of time on an idea that might well have redefined the horror genre. <br /> <br /> To say this was a production of unanswered opportunities would really be a rough game of words. A generous amount of blood and disturbing special effects can't even save it, and that's an element I usually follow. There was really nothing about "Cabin Fever" that I could easily recommend to anyone. When three-quarters of the crowd goes out of the theater halfway through, you know that the movie is sinking fast. My best advice for those who read this would be to just rent before they buy. A view was more than enough to know that I will probably never bother with it again.
