Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 horror yarn, "The Fear" will find more disappointed in this silly little sequel. It follows a similar plot, but it is impossible to connect to the original, except for Morty's presence, the wooden mannequin monster. Here is a brief overview. Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie in a decent performance) testifies that his father is brutally murdering his mother and then taking his own life, Mike still loses the fear of that day. In the hope of tearing his fears, Mike takes his girlfriend and a bunch of friends up to his grandparents home. His plan is that everyone should dress in costumes that represent their fears, and then present the fear of mannequin Morty. According to an Indian friend, this process is formally taking away from his fear. What Mike does not know is that Morty possesses his father's spirit and starts killing his friends ... or is it really Mike who does the killing himself? Who cares? <br /> <br /> One has some problems with this movie. The first one is at Morty. I thought the original made Morty look pretty convincing. This time it is painfully obvious Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake look. This can especially be seen in early scenes where Morty still has to be lifeless, but if you look close, you can see him blinking. Another inconvenience is that most characters do not try hard enough. Some of them do, Betsy Palmer, on Friday, the 13th fame, which was excellent in this movie. But most of them do not make the effort or did not get the chance. Finally there are the killings. The opening scenes involving ax killings were very convincing. In fact, when I saw them, I thought I was in a good movie. When the second half of the film arrives and the killings really start, everything breaks down. Deaths are either uncreative, unseen or predicted (glimpse of the next scene that Currie has a blackout). A sign eventually dies and no one, including the viewer, even notices. While more characterization was needed in the early half, it wasn't that bad. The second half was. I think new director Chris Angel came to this point and really didn't know how to shoot the violent scenes so they turned out to be real blunt and pedestrian. A silly ending does not help either. Thus, you should probably skip "The Fear 2: Halloween Night" unless you really loved the original and enjoy picking splinters under your skin. Zanato's score: 4 out of 10.
