This lifetime film takes the medieval divorce sacrifice that finally fights back genre to new depths of cartoon-like absurdity. <br /> <br /> Here's 40 things at home with a successful lawyer's protagonist (college daughter) starting a new life after her divorce, helped by a female colleague's friend opening a new dress store as a sort of franchise expansion deal. She even started a friendship with her attractive, slightly younger, perhaps, landscape architect / gardener (who is black). But then the horror of medieval women's horrors, another female she took on as a tenant to let a room into, begins to take over her life. What this new younger threat really does is beautifully flirted with the gardener and offers him a glass of wine that * gisp * really belonged to the divorcee !! she runs up the bill bills by not turning down the thermostat !! and backed up the toilet and leaving old food badly in the fridge! And hangs his pieces of (African) artwork in the living room !! Etc. Now she may have also killed the cat. Yes, to what extent this does these things is bad enough, but it is more than a little ridiculous, especially as it turns into a campaign. The character reality is that a small part of this would run this particular pricey woman insane. (So ​​why did she rent the room - and the horror of horrors, a much younger woman?) Probably this increasingly arrogant (natch) younger woman has a craze for seizure control. And our brave 40 must learn to fight back against this evil (and erotic hot looking, of course) 20 something. But there is this problem. Whenever 20 starts to get in trouble, she uses her POWER - and just flirts or has sex with a guy and escapes the consequences. (Well, there is actually something that can look good in 20 somethings. It's just not * generally * used in such a way.) <br /> <br /> The premise is moved along with the unit of the 20 something that brings The divorce formalization agreement deals with a written lease contract produced by her. Of course, 40 things do not matter about these things and the 20 things have been helped. The lease actually gives the youngest woman the right to the whole house during the rental period, with utilities thrown in at fixed price. Even though a removal procedure is soon awaiting, 20 will soon receive a temporary detention order against the older woman, probably because she has threatened the 20 things. You know, the judge is sympathetic to all the way I am of the sexy sweet young thing. Finally, 40 something's "heroic" battle begins back to the house. Woopie !! The only realistic or perceived thing in this movie is how terribly easy TROs (or protection orders) are for women to come up with something more than her undisputed say - though generally they are only this easy for men. They are sometimes just as unjustified and just as motivated to take control of a home as it is here. In fact, girlfriends who have moved in with their boyfriends can often get them from their own homes or condominiums on the basis of no evidence, but only an unfounded claim of threats, and sometimes without even hearing his side. Even when there is a hearing, it is routinely impossible to disprove the claim of threats (to prove a negative) when the burden of proof is effective on the accused, rather than the prosecutor. (This is one of the only areas of US law where it is true - and it is a signal confusion of feminist overreaching and lack of organization to resist the steam roll.) Of course, it is not likely to be the subject of any lifetime movie in this lifetime . The absurd basic premise for this movie is based on the explanation that something is psychotic and does not take her medicine. Still, it makes no sense. She is not after the successful lawyer ex-husband, even though she does her help (for example, the wife's rage) in her quest. She is after the house (technically, driving the divorce out of the lease). This other younger woman is after all that is left after the divorce, after cases with other 20 somethings STOLE her husband !! (The ex-man seems to be unrelated and basically in demand for his fling - it doesn't matter that he still disappeared !!!) The protagonist is good enough looking for his age. But her outlook, attitude and focus are so tiny, frumpy, and completely without imagination or vitality, that it is impossible to worry about her. Well, a core group of Lifetime fans usually, I think, judging by the average score the small number of runners gave it. (I only watched it because it was so extremely bad and cartoonish that it had a rubbish carpet. I couldn't resist seeing just how far they would take it.) ** Spoiler ** (if such a thing is possible this flick). <br /> <br /> Well, here's a clue. The movie ends with 20 something being bailed out of prison by promising to "listen to" her 20 somewhat male colleague and sometimes love and "do what he says" and "let him take care of her" (he means get her to to continue taking his medication - and then fool him and return to the house. There she climbs up the stairs with a knife that demonizes her nemesis 40 something that takes a bath by candles, secured in the thought that the younger woman is out of her life. There is a fight - and the 40-something mother wins - by sticking 20 something with a hypodermic needle full of antipsychotic drugs she had found. She then begins to stretch her, mother like, and the two women have a bond, woman solidarity moment !!! How sweet.
