Attack Force has a horrible title and can almost certainly be judged by the horrible cover because the movie is horrible! A mish-mash of plot lines, a chopped root and a terribly stagnant pace make the movie hard to see start to finish. I managed and I am proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (most of his old days) it is painful to see him star in such a tripe. True Seagals last half dozen or so have sucked a lot, but some of them have at least some redeeming features. Attack Force is a mess. From performance to delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from a strange plot line to the present about a highly addictive super-medication to be solved in the Romanian (the film has several settings, none of which are Romanian, but all resemble Romania because they are in Romania! ) population. The film is tackled along with some consideration for what the original recording script was. Plot holes and loose ends are abundant in the movie, that's for sure. It has also been a problem in Seagal's last few movies, but it has never been so boring. There is a whole plot line about the water supply being poisoned with CTX (it's the cold cool name) that has never been resolved! <br /> <br /> Of course, the site in recent years has not been the main feature of the Seagal cannon, so there was a big onus on the other departments, especially the action. Before I see the action, however, all the other departments are poor. The direction is poor, or perhaps better set, made to look poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally intended this movie? Between him concluding his job, re-shoots of stuntman Tom Delmar, and editing, a coherent author's vision are completely lost. The best way to describe the movie is that it is just over the store! The cinematography is dull, which causes almost sleep, while the queen's corene (as it was produced at the cheapest of cheap synthesizers) does nothing to move. Also the cast is poor, unable to save anything here. Seagal looks bored beyond recognition and is baptized through much of the image, clearly when plot points change. He looks tired and overweight, and lethargic, unlike he has seen in previous pictures (remarkable as mentioned above have been important complaints in Seagal's latest images). The only redeeming cast member is Adam Croasdell as one of the bad guys who make a slim British routine. He seems to be returning to the alien plot line because he plays it inhuman. He seems like a cross between a body snatcher and a vampire (dito to the leading villain being played by some hot chick that appears occasionally, apparently waiting for his husband Dracula). Finally, the action. Well that's poor. Poorly conceived, badly shot. Nor is there much, and there is even less with Seagal. Stevo really doesn't bring the stunt double here because there's so little to do. There is even a long (repetitive and dreary) action scene on the hour market that occasionally occasionally flashes out of Seagall's stand, because Seagal clearly wasn't there while the scene was shot and they wanted to make him work in the action scene. Seagal finally looks up personally to shoot two guys in the head. Seagal has a producer credit here and a script credit, but from what I understand the movie has been changed behind its back to the current state it is. Seagal does not seem to work with these people again, or with Castel Studio, which continues to deliver horrible sub-Nu-Image (that is, something) material. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is one to avoid if you're not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be sure that the big man probably won't do that bad again. Unfortunately, his next film already shot, with the same people, is even worse than this one. *
