I rented this because I'm a little tired of the 80s NBC programming and apparently I saved myself a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors, and for their credit they do a good job, but this show is wrong from the premise. <br /> <br /> We have a sign that is unlikely. He is full of mistakes, not enlightened, and a complete jerk on a good day. But the reason why anyone should take care is not there. While creating an American sitcom centered around a complete bullheaded jackass is revolutionary and full of potential, it's just not met here within this show. Most of the supporting characters are not full-fledged characters, but rather sad punches that want public empathy to be punch bags. As in any sitcom, they are the ones most normal to the audience to relate to, and in doing so they negate the protagonist to such an extent that we see that Bittinger is self and harms people and they just become there because .... why? There is no reason. All normal people would simply have left the abuse. Keeping them there for no real reason - even the very incredible Joanna Cassidy gave in the special 2-part abortion episode that has big problems in itself - is where the show just falls apart. To simply believe that people are putting up with this guy because we are told that he has a heart of gold does not go against the situation. If that's something, it's not even dramatic. This is a poorly depicted, conceived and executed premise that had a few moments, but overall fate surpassed the deserved. Someone had the courage to go out and make a good idea, but the performance is so random that it just looks like a strange script version of the Jerry Springer show, where someone is abused by this tyrant, which we must root because we are told a show like This requires a full touch, which the players here might have given easy, but somehow cannot. And it's a fatal mistake that really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Lime it up for a show in its childhood. Either way, the show is worth watching. But it was really turned up as they tried to strive for the stars and didn't make the whole business what it could have been.
