Go down as the most expensive movie in Finnish history, to date, "Dark Floors" is a horror movie with an extreme Lynchian story that tells an ever-decreasing series of "Floors" (ironically) at an abandoned hospital where our protagonists are caught. The lead of an autistic daughter and her father, who herself is unhappy with the hospitals apparently lacking medical development with her daughter, makes their way into an elevator that debates the issue with one of the hospital's nurses. Accompanied by a security guard, a businessman, and an apparently drunk tramp, the collector quickly finds the abandoned complex, but they are not alone. Director of Finnish-born Pete Riski, more famous for his television work, is "Dark Floors" filmed in English with mainly English actors, but has the remarkable record of Finland's most likely most famous group "Lordi" (2006 Eurovision Song Contest Winners) as itself, ie. in their monstrous costumes on the stage, which the films antagonize, but for all this razzmatazz lacks production where it is most needed to convince the audience. <br /> <br /> Any movie that has their main character The phrase "it's too quiet" is already coming down on a dubious path, and this Lordi affects horror doesn't break this convention. For all the good ideas thrown into the mix, there are a handful of mature cliches along with and worst of all, all that is interesting is original, not enough to revive. The concept of degradation flooring is initially highly malignant and gives a sense of inevitable death when the audience is aware of those trapped in the hospital, who must develop further down the bog. But there is not enough atmosphere created to scare and scare the public in the unconscious fear, the viewer is aware that the journey will become increasingly dangerous, as the levels degenerate from shining white to hell, but I do not think the signs are aware of this the fact that it is threatening. Also, the whole movie, which takes place in what is essentially its own time bubble, is again a very good mark, a concept that is not often used in the horror genre, but the characters do not confront the situation with enough fear and fear when they stumble over In fact, they continue about their business too easily and without any real concern about the idea of ​​meaning to the public. These original good ideas are just left to go into play, as if the director and / or Mr Lordi (who had many of the ideas used within the film) had these thoughts but could not agree or decide how to best use them and as such lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> But for all the frustration there is a lot of comedy, but not for the reasons the creators would have hoped for. Too much is clichéd, too much is recycled and too much is simply ridiculous. While the lead is assisted by Noah Huntley, the characters are only cardboard cutouts that have been inserted into the story of other films. We have a leading man who does everything to protect his daughter with a wisely developed love. Included with the "couple" we have the traditional token black man as a hard nosed security guard, with endless clips to his sidearm, and a wildly misunderstood businessman looking only for himself. Worst of all, unfortunately, the introduction of Lordi's cast is like the creatures of the night that plague our wandering band of misfits, but not for those who appear as themselves. What makes a scary movie scary to the viewers is contextualizing the fear. "The Shining" is frightening because it is a member of your own family who chases you, in "Dawn of the Dead" it is our fear of each other and the primordial cannibalism and irrational thought patterns of the zombies. In "Alien" the fear is explained, the creature is rationalized and in "dark floors" there is none. Perhaps it is unfair to compare this production with these monoliths of the genre, but when you do, it shows it significantly and that it is aggressors who are no more than demented Klingons, where you can almost see zip on the costumes they carrying, without building any atmosphere "Lordi" is just not scary. <br /> <br /> It's disturbing because we all cheer for the underdog and hope they do well, you want the smaller productions to say they can create the same quality of movies as "Hollywood" knocks out , much like George A Romero started, but it's not always materialized. I enjoyed the movie and did not feel as if I had wasted the ninety minutes I had just passed through, but I felt pleasure at a completely hollow level, as if nothing had happened to me or unconsciously, emotionally, or critically . I felt that the almost lynch tale was a standby plus point, but it didn't matter. Why did it happen? What does it mean? Will they go through it all over again? Without even the slightest insight into what will happen, the movie is simply scary to try to be arty. Was the whole sequence of events real, or was it just a dream sequence? Had the autistic girl watched the Eurovision Song Contest in 2006 and simply had a very bizarre nightmare given the stress she was under? Who knows? And unfortunately, I fail to work with the energy to be indifferent. "Dark Floors" is a disturbing experience that, while ultimately shallow, characterizes potential and at least shows an abundance of creative energies from Mr Lordi, who may need to investigate the work solo to fully develop his ideas. It is one that fans of the group or genre may have to pursue, but will let you feel back in the queue for not having enough light on the situation.
