Now it's on the credit side (if it can be said to have one) that Timothy Hines managed to capture the original recommendation of H.G. Wells' excellent novel. But other than that - good to call a spade a spade - it sucks bigtime. What Master Ed Wood could have done with the alleged $ 20 million dollar budget! Timothy Hines really does Mr Wood, who was nevertheless an imperfect genius, resembling the best filmmaker of all time. The special effects (I suppose you would call them) are not even up to computer game standards. Well, the action is, perhaps, comparable to dinner theater, and the accents are terrible. Because of the risk of fighting offensive, a lot of the play is from the main male characters (especially poor Ogilvy), well, ahem ,. . . HOMOSEXUAL! Bad Ogilvy mincer and flounces about the fake English landscape waved his asbestos white handkerchief as if it were heat resistant armor. Hey, the Storm troops in "Star Wars" also had a nice white body arm, and it didn't work either, they were still blown. Even when Ogilvy and Company are fried by Martian's "Heat Ray" (?), They are frayed and chopped into some strange kind of dance, even when theoretically dead and reduced to skeletons that continue in indecent dance and twist. Perhaps Timothy Hines rented the skeletons from Ray Harryhausen, left behind by "Jason And The Argonauts". Or was it "Josie And The Pussycats"? I do not know. The soldiers, probably because they are 'military', seem to just explode like the soldier of crutches and his unlucky buddies carrying the stretcher just above him. Wow! I loved it! But the "soldiers" all looked as if they were either fascist troops from the Spanish Civil War or Boer Commandos (which would be more or less correct during the period. Perhaps it was a bit of sharp subtlety on that part of the evil genius Hines?). Oddly enough, Curate's character looks as if he was drawn in Warwick Goble's original illustrations, and he also becomes the most compelling job-creating. Oh yeah. Don't forget THUNDER CHILD. The book describes the warship as an ironclad torpedo frame. It was supposed to hit enemy ships. Still, it was arcuate after hitting Tinker-Toy-engineered Martian War Machines, with a small chopped hole in the front pocket, and she sank. An ironic warship like THUNDERCHILD could have rammed the Titanic and survived, but I suppose the Royal Navy was bound by the same lowest bidders as our own military. The costumes are all wrong, especially the British Army and Police uniforms, cobbled together most from the USMC Alphas. And of course Timbo has set his film in Wild Western England because all his riders use western saddles. The accents used by almost everybody seem to be a mix of a kind of Scottish regional accent used by Clan Macabre and magically delicious Irish accents from the County Malarky. On the credit side, and contrary to what a reviewer wrote, the only genuine, authentic feature of this thing is the artillery. The guns are not from the Civil War but look to my eye and research as bona fide British nine or 12 pound Rifled Breach Loaders, totally authentic to the period. Then the displayed ammunition was used. But the Artilleryman, who is a driver of the horse artillery, was not shown to drive his limber properly. You are not sitting on the free kick and running a gun team you are driving near wheel horses. The opening, with what I mean is authentic film, is okay, and the score is not bad. But at best, Weybridge has never had an underground, and it certainly did not in 1898. <br /> <br /> But I'm very disappointed that I'm reading this novel. Even more disappointed when I was at Spielberg's zillion dollar, special effects loaded version. Perhaps his version would benefit from switching Anthony Piana to Tom Cruise and vice versa. I have a lot more to say, but I will let this go for now: I wish someone would make a good version of "War of the Worlds" that is true to the original. Timmy's vision is fine for a high school, or perhaps I pretend to be stupid for a college-level film student, and just as bad, which is the best I can say for this thing, but it's about it. Oh yeah. Where has the budget gone? And what happened to Michael Caine? I want to hear his comments! I have a stealthy suspicion that Timbo's "Orson Wood" Hines' breathtaking, bound cinema masterpiece can just be the risk management ticket to cult tribal because I have to admit a guilty pleasure by watching this movie, which I didn't pay for anyway but was carefully sent to me by a friend who burned a DVD copy to me, without malicious intent that I could decide. I must add here that I thought Blackmons dubbed and abbreviated version was not only a big improvement but an absolute, hysterical fun (good way) treat. I find it hard to see Master Timbo's version after Blackmoon. Keep it up, Tim! Make your own version of "DUNE" now. It's just waiting for a master's hand like you! And all you stumbled on snobs that hated Cloverfield? FORGET IT. It can't beat TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY FOR SHEER HILARIOUS AWFULNESS! HEY GET A LIFE! TIMBO IS WORSE THAN MASTER ED WOOD! I do not know you!
