Lordi was a great hype and revelation in 2007 because they won the Eurovision Song Contest with a (not so heavy) metal song called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on stage dressed as hideous monsters. But let's see, their victory probably had little to do with their great musical talents. The Eurovision competition has gradually become a major political circus over the years, and Lordi has probably just won because their song finally brought a little change and ?? More importantly - because their whole actions kind of brilliantly spoofed the entire annual event. The absolute last thing Lordis first (and hopefully last) horror movie brings is change and ingenuity. "Dark Floors", based on an idea of ​​main songs and starring the rest of the band in supportive roles, are a truly imaginative and hopeless accumulation of clichés. The huge budget ("Dark Floors" supposedly is the most expensive Finnish movie ever) definitely guarantees a lot of macabre sets and impressive make-up art, but what is the point where there is no story worth telling? The film goes to a busy hospital where a lot of people, among them a father and his young daughter with an unidentifiable disease, get caught in the elevator during a power outage. When the doors are opened again, the floors are empty and it looks as if the hospital has been abandoned since many years. Trying to reach the exit, the group is hit by several morbid and inexplicable obstacles, such as eyeless bodies, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters coming out of the floors. The only three points I give out to "Dark Floors" are intended solely for the landscape and the appropriate voltage building in the first half of the film. As long as the outrageous events do not require an explanation, the atmosphere is rather creepy, but as soon as you realize the explanation will a) be very stupid or b) never come, the healthy just goes together like an unstable house of cards. Lordi's costumes were never really scary at first (except perhaps for traditional Eurovision fans) and combined with a story reminiscent of Asian ghost horror, they just look pathetic and misfit. With all the national myths and truly unique exterior film venues, I personally always assumed Finland ?? The land of a thousand lakes ?? would be the ideal breeding ground for potentially horrifying horror stories, but I think it's another disillusionment in my account.
