A fashion designer travels over a cat and falls into a pool that hits her head on something floating on the surface. With a little cheesy effects (this was a TV movie) she floats off her body. She flows through a tunnel of rings of swirling orange smoke, and black stiff figures tuck into her view (they look like mannequins in her apartment). I almost thought I was watching a Jess Franco movie .... When her friends revive her, a black arm takes her by the wrist and she has to fight to loosen. When she is revived, she remembers everything and has an unpleasant blue mark on her forearm. <br /> Shortly after, she is almost hit by a car outside the control that comes up on the sidewalk behind her. On Halloween, she decides with her boyfriend to go to Mexico for a holiday. When she gets there, she is surprised to find out that it is the day of the dead. They are annoyed by another American tourist who is following them, and he almost drowns them. <br /> <br /> The designer is invited to join a group of people who have had near death experiences. They have all experienced the tunnel, but not the black figures or the repetitive ones are approaching from death. One of them has, and he is very anxious. She is also encouraged to meet with a psychic. A doctor tells her about people he calls "hikers" (the name of the novel, this was based on). They are people who apparently died for a cause that turned out to be dead for another reason when examined. Thus, they continued to walk around after they died until they died again, but he blames it on poor filing. <br /> <br /> I watched this for 102 minutes of video and it felt terribly long. I can't imagine that there is actually a 192 minute version! Perhaps if it was to be overlooked for two or more nights on TV, it would be better seen that way than in a meeting. <br /> <br /> I only read a Gary Brandner novel Floater, and if it is representative of his work, he is not the most original of writers. Floater had the common plot of: picked on child kills people in revenge. Even the variation was quite common: picked at child dies and kills people years later in revenge from beyond the grave. And in fact, it has a common thing with this movie, as the child practices astral projection, and when he drowns, he floats up his body like this. I don't know so closely From the dead of night his novel Walkers follows. I understand the Howling movies do not have much resemblance to his novels. It is quite a slow movie, and special effects and cinematography are really held down by the (presumably) low budget and made for -TV missing. There are many easily recognizable character players in it. It also feels very dated, more early to the mid-1980s than 1989. I found it boring. A much better low-budget film covering similar topics that I don't think is dated so badly is Sole Survivor (1983) (possibly inspiration for the films from the final 2000s). It blows from the dead of the night away.
