I just lost three hours in my life to this travesty and I can honestly say I feel offended. I had read the reviews and heard the warnings, and I thought I was prepared for something - at best I thought a faithful (if wrong) attempt at an original adaptation; at worst, such a good-it's-bad "Plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I managed to get a copy at Walmart in Florida and brought it back to the UK, I shot at my friends "Prepare for the worst movie ever made!" Oh, cruel Karma. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this movie. The "special" effects resemble the work of a first-year design student using a Spectrum ZX81. The action is horrible, the accents are WORSE than awful (an artillery man's accent seems to take us on a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland), the dialogue is stolen, editing is non-existent, the production values ​​show that there is no has gone any expense. Words really cannot describe how bad this movie is; from the Union Flag flying from the terrible CGI'd Thunderchild (Royal Navy flies the white ensign, NOT the Union flag) to the Woodworm ridden acting, it's simply a crime against film making. When you consider some of the literally zero-budget fan films available on the "network (Star Wars Short" Troops "for example), the whole" we are enthusiastic amateurs "argument goes straight out of the window, and if you believe in an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this movie had an 8-budget! I can only assume that risky facial hair does not come cheap in the US Perhaps the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a movie of the book rather than making the book A movie (if it makes sense) Characters and extras key clumps of text formally without attempting to convey the feelings behind the words, Ironically, the only person who came close to giving a decent performance, Darlene Sellers, was ex- soft porn actress My advice Ask so wildly that Jeff Wayne does not turn up and see the Spielberg version, but it cannot be right with the book's text, but I can say that as a lifelong HG Wells fan (and Englishman too) Speilberg's film is true to the book's spirit, maybe the duty was wrong to let me carry this monster into the country, but I will say that Timothy Hines stole three hours in my life and I want them back.
