One of the weaker Carry On adventures sees Sid James as the head of a crime balancing pill. The fourth of the series is hospital-based, it may be the smallest of the genre. There is a curious flat feeling throughout, with everything apparently wasted on sub-material. This is far from the late 1970s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. All class representatives have not yet been supported by a script that matches their ability. <br /> <br /> Most gags are endless, rather than episodic, as Carry Us is usually. So instead of the traditional hit and miss relationship, if you don't find joke fun in the first place, you're stuck in it for most of the movie. These continuous plot strings include Williams ?? for no good reason ?? worrying about changing sex, and Kenneth Cope in a row. Just as the stagy physical talk falls, it all feels more constructed than in other movies and lacks in cast interest. By continuing this theme, Matron lacks the usual proverb and induction format that largely chooses characterization and consistency to give humor. In fact, the somewhat puerile series of required misunderstandings and forced recitation reminds one of Terry and June ... so it is appropriate that Terry Scott be present, curl in vain all the time. <br /> <br /> Some dialogue exchanges have a bit of old magic, like this between Scott and Cope: "What about a little drink?" "Oh no no, I never touch it." "Oh, cigarette then?" "No, I never touch them." "It only leaves one thing to offer you." "Neither do I touch it." Having said that, while a funny man in himself (making alive the obscure episodes of Randall and Hopkirk) has no end, you feel that Cope is not completely tapped into the self-parody Carry On idealology and that Bernard Bresslaw dressed as a nurse would be far more fun. This actually happens in part, though only in the last fifteen minutes. Williams is trying to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hawtrey is hiding in a closet is a clean drawer, but lacks the irony of wearing it off. That said, Williams's description of premarital relationships is invaluable: "You don't just go into the store and buy enough for the whole room, you tear yourself off a small strip and try it first!" "It may be like that," Jacques says, "but you won't hold me up against a wall." Williams really comes alive in his scenes with Hattie, and you can never get bored of hearing a tin flute when someone accidentally flashes their knickers. <br /> <br /> Carry On Matron is not a bad movie in any way, just a crushingly book standard one.
