I saw this movie version of R.D. Blackmore's classic novel as a replacement until the 2001 A&E version was released on video. And what a bad substitution it turned out to be! <br /> <br /> This version does not have the authentic I-feel-like-I'm aspect of the A&E movie. The actors are mostly wood (with the Sean Bean exception) and the "romance" seems forced and constructed. In fact, there is no kiss until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whichever you prefer) and the evil Carver Doone are not mentioned or expanded. We don't get much insight into Carver here or why he has some (if any) romantic feelings for Lorna. This film carries out many of the novel's key and interesting characters, such as Doone's advisor, and John's sharp heavy youngest sister Lizzie, who was crucial to the plot. The play itself is lacking in conviction. The political intrigue is not found in the script either. The way Lorna came with Doones is not true to the original story. Now you don't get me wrong, Clive Owen is a beautiful and talented actor (see Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but he comes across as bland and stoic all the way through and long hair (it may have been a bad wig) just doesn't fit him !!!! Polly Walker is a lovely and accomplished actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, where she also costed Sean Bean), but she seems colorless and lackluster. She has a cold sore on her lip that make-up cannot hide and the costumes do not seem authentic. The late Robert Stephens makes a respectable trip like Sir Ensor Doone, though he only refers to Lorna as his favorite rather than his grandson, as she was considered to be in the book. It also seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe it's the makeup) and the landscape is brown, cold, gray and incomplete, without so much of a touch of a sunny sky. I understand it's in Southwest England, but it's green there and they get their sunshine !!! The depiction of Tom Faggus' character and his "death", which does not occur in the novel, suppresses the film even more. One positive note is Sean Bean's performance as Carver. Although not even close to matching Aidan Gillen's A&E movie depiction, Bean makes an average villain. In short, see this only if you have few hours to kill, but don't expect anything exciting or to be true to the novel. See another version (but I highly recommend A & E's movie) over this tired fit.
