Certainly I didn't have high expectations for "Corky Romano." But who did it again? But I felt the deserved benefit of the doubt. I also didn't have great hopes for "Joe Dirt" - another recent comedy with a SNL cast member - and I ended up being pleasantly surprised. But this movie is as bad as it looks in the previews. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comic actor - unlike what you might think after watching this movie - with great energy. He has been in many hilarious SNL sketches, and I think he is one of the most talented cast members on SNL so far. In this case, he gets a stunned, pointless script, and he tries to remedy every scene with his incessant shaking. Through each scene, he tries a lame Jerry Lewis action and fails miserably. Jerry Lewis knew how to extract this type of physical comedy, not to mention that he worked with much better writing. The cat simply looks like an ignorant fool with ADHD who had too many Cafe Lattes. He doesn't even wait for the punch line; He assumes we will all laugh when he starts jumping around like a monkey's crack. In a scene he ends in a dragging battle with a dog that has a packet of cocaine in his mouth. The package explodes and the cocaine splashes over him. He comes back to the job, spread out on cola. Now, how are we to laugh about that he seems hyper and on-edge when he does the same in the whole movie? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the cast members ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot, Peter Berg is wasted in a rambling role and that's Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasted, even though he has a few fun lines, which I am pretty sure he improvised. I hope Falk will get a decent movie someday soon. It's too much talent also wasted on a clunker like "Corky Romano." I didn't like Falk's last movie "Made" so much either, but at least he had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I laughed a couple of times, but I couldn't get a single laugh. Each gag is performed without any sense of timing or delivery. And it has gotten worse by the cat's hammy acting. And there are certain gags that are severely pulled out. For example, when Kattan is catching on his two brothers' faces. He stands there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get out and one when he finally does it, it is a little small. It's bad enough when you have a gag that's fun and pulls it out, but when you have a lama gag and you pull it out, it's a hell of a lot worse. And another example of this is when he tries to translate what the two Asian men are saying under a drug breast. I can continue what is wrong with this so-called comedy, but I don't waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predicted bad things from trailers - you've predicted the right thing. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
