Why is this movie so bad? Well, if it's so stupidly annoying, and unfunny is a reason, then this movie is it. The character of Corky Romano is inappropriate at best and fair infuriating at worst. Gags are predictable, but it doesn't hurt. They are the lame kind of predictable jokes that your unfunny friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is about a gentle mild vet who is trying to do the right thing, but is so clumsy. His quiet life is thrown to a loop when the family, who once asked him, now needs him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy traces of family crime history. But it's not that easy for Corky because the FBI thinks he's super agent and obliges him to spy on his very own family. Accidents and chaos follow, but it doesn't really feel like any comic hijix is ​​there. Corky falls in love with his beautiful FBI partner and has to keep the record straight with both the FBI and his family if he has to settle down for the quiet life again. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie annoying is both the main actor and the supposed jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his alarming limitations as an actor here, as his one-note slapstick routine falls flat about 10 minutes into the movie. It's okay to have a full movie based solely on stupid, slap stick humor. Will Ferrel, the Cat's SNL partner, seem to have made a full career out of it. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to tone it down and rely on other ways to tell a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in Kattan's routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie that's just plain torture. <br /> <br /> The second problem with the movie was the lack of truly original and fun jokes. The gay mafia brother, the unpleasant shooter and many other forgettable jokes don't seem to be as fun as the first time you almost didn't laugh at it. It looks as though the manuscripts had more of a fun writing than anyone had seen it. Even with a throw that has some comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), the jokes that begin are tired. There is also no chemistry. This film was, of course, one for the wallets for the actors. No body seemed to care about it, or even try. Sad thing is, no body told Chris Kattan.
