Although I had heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian film in the decade, I saw it giving it a try; First and foremost, first-time producer / writer Alexandre Stockler managed to make his debut feature (shot in video) for only US $ 4,000 and - although it looks even cheaper - I can't begin to imagine everything he went through to finally Get it exhibited in theaters without big sponsors or production companies behind it (when I saw it, I understood why). But regardless of the chances you are ready to give to "Cama de Gato" they shrink to zero within 10 minutes: it is an incredibly perishable, verbose, ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray Brazilian middle-aged youth as a bunch of spoiled Neo-Nazis are associated with poor sex, drugs and violence (and they are made to look like closet-gay), made without visible traces of talent, imagination, expertise or concept of structure. Visually and aurally, it reminds you of the worst amateur questions you can find on YouTube - only here are NINETY TWO (count'em) minutes of relentless hysteria and clumsiness, and it's not even fun. <br /> <br /> We have all seen the story before: bored young boys want to have fun, go to party, take drugs and everything goes wrong - there is rape, spanking, murder, the unfortunate death (falling down the stairs !!) of the mother of one of the boys who culminated with the boys who decided to burn the girls' bodies and the mother in a landfill. Moral and literal waste, get it? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's film - but also moralistic and sexploitative - is the premier masterpiece of this crap. <br /> <br /> I don't think there ever was such a monomaniacal drive in a filmmaker to keep his ideas down in the audience's neck: Stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to force his non-stop moralist into our brains by repetition and exhaustion - you get emotional with so much babbling, shouting, scary direction, shaking camera and horrible action going on. Stockler does not care much about technique (the quality of the images, framing, sound recording, soundtrack songs, dialogue, set, editing, etc. Is uniformly terrible), but he is a narcissistic control freak: he expects the criticism he is bound to come by adding subtitles with smartie / cutie comments, and by making the protagonists comment at a time when removed and fake it all (i could relate to it). <br /> <br /> Despite his megalomaniac ambitions, Stockler seems unable to give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure - he can't even decide whether he wants greedy realism (handheld camcorder, etc.) or stylization (repetition of scenes, use of alternative take, etc.). Damn, he can't even decide where to put his camera (there is use of subjective camera for the three links)! The dialogue contains some of the most stupefyingly banal verbosity ever; The reason simply exists to justify the director's profound hatred of his characters and what they stand for. All you see is a filmmaker who is hateful, preaching, condemning and moralizing without having a minimum of talent (or technique) to follow. It is very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Surely one of the most promising young film actors in Brazil, with its sleepy eye puppy dog ​​and emotional edge, often reminiscent of Sal Mineo, Blat can be highly effective in good direction (as in "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica", "Proibido" Proibir "). Here he is told to go over the top and he has to play with some of the most embarrassed under-acted "actors" in the latest memory. He also enters the risky area of ​​graphic sex exploitation scenes (so divine they look a bit like webcam porn). <br /> <br /> The movie opens and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) middle-class youth - Stockler wants us to take these interviews as "proof" of what he is trying to preach in fiction. But he blatantly despises and makes fun of his interviewers, chooses a highlight of abject, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only show that assholes are everywhere). Stockler wants to prove that Brazilian middle-class youths are all current or future fascists because they are middle class and enjoy recreational drugs (he says that all neo-fascists are on drugs? Or that drugs stimulate fascist behavior? I couldn't tell) . <br /> <br /> With its dogmatic self-righteousness, headache-inducing technique and mind-bending boredom, "Cama de Gato" is bad for a 1000 reasons, but above all, it is detrimental in a very passionate way: it gives the Brazilian cinema a critical argument. "Cama de Gato" is best unmatched, indefinite, buried and forgotten.
