We all know what is when we have a bad day in the office, right? Well, this Neil Simon comedy looks at how it is when you have the worst of all days just trying to get to the office. Sometimes it's just not worth going to know what I mean? And sometimes it's just not worth doing when it's already done before in 1970 with Jack Lemmon and Sandy Dennis ... and much better too. It's not that Steve Martin is a miserable comedian or wrong for the role of the harried and stressed advertising exec; On the contrary, on both sides. And it is not that Goldie Hawn is not incapable either. Her work has been consistently good, if not good, ever since I first saw her in TV's Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In in the 1960s. The problem with this movie is that it's not about the effortless couple at all: it's really about New York and why everyone should come to New York to live and love their lives away in married happiness? kind of? in the largest city in the world. That's if you're a New Yorker ... Look, 1970's movie is still an excellent comedy that realistically explored all the things that can go wrong when you take a trip somewhere and included most of the situations and The vision is that you can imagine what can happen to you in a strange environment. This version of 1999 unfortunately goes into gratuitous tangents specifically for an audience these days who expect or want to see profits. For example, not satisfied with the star's appeal by the main players, there is also a como (relatively long also) from Rudy Giuliani, then Mayor of New York, as we all know. What ?? Giuliani bucking to president himself then? Worse ?? a walking talking advertisement for New York's pretty face. <br /> <br /> And then we have John Cleese, reprising his role as Basil Fawlty ?? but this time as an exciting cross-dresser too ?? Once again, the hotel staff browbeating, sycophantically sucks up rich customers and generally make themselves look like the idiot he is in this role. And in the process of doing great damage to the memory of Fawlty Towers, no doubt the best British comedy series, no one ... Why was this 1999 movie made? In the 1970s, New York was in many ways a dying city. It was almost literally bankrupt. So when it was made in 1970, it was the city you saw: ugly, dark, moody, disturbing and not the place the harsh couple finally chose for their new life together in Big Smoke (as it was so polluted and all). In 1999 things got better: Glitz was back, New York was thriving, it was Big Apple, ready to bid if you had moxie ... So, of course, the couple in this return find the moxie in itself and finally joins the amazing fleet to continue the American dream of life, freedom and the pursuit of happiness. Therefore, this film is really a cartoon, but not for reasons that the producers might have imagined. As much as I like Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn in comedy, this movie is a travesty of the much better one made with the great Jack Lemmon. If you have seen the latter, you should definitely not bother with this.
