An accurate review of Nuremberg must consider opening the door to the story unexpectedly with the movie "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally tells the world that there was a German resistance during World War Two professionally organized with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians trying to overthrow the Nazi political regime, installing a new chancellor, achieving peace and closing the concentration camps . However, these unknown absolute heroes did not receive any help from the Allies, who helped the French opposition just beside it. History writers have used an institutionalized agenda ever since to conceal an allied evil that cost many tens of thousands of lives, all conditional on believing in a deception that the German people fully supported the Nazis and thus deserving the 24-hour bombardment of genocide and "unconditional surrender "it was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The German puzzles were broken by English scientists in 1943, so much of what the Germans did was known. In 1943, the Germans developed new jet flowers and jet bombers by companies such as Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. But even though the Nazis were eliminated and the German resistance succeeded, the Allies would not allow any democracy in the world to have jetfighters, jet bombs, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles, and radio-controlled missiles without the United States having them first! Here, the institutional agenda is relevant. Consequently, the German resistance did not receive any help from the Allies, even though they always had decisive intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup on July 20, 1944 is proof that the Germans had a considerable effort to achieve peace. Instead, the Germans got ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and 24 hour saturation bombing in an agenda to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scientists from the Germans and hold complete ownership through an "unconditional surrender". It was a pre-mediated Allied agenda that allowed the war to continue and keep the Nazis empowered to justify 24-hour bombing, but it took a year after the D-Day before Allied armies led to Germany to steal the world's largest technology and scientists on barrel of a gun. But tens of thousands of people died, as the Allies abandoned the German resistance for their own greed. <br /> <br /> The Allies imposed on the Germans "unconditional surrender" as a pretext for completing ownership and control of German property and government, and it was done without using the German resistance to overthrowing the Nazis. The Allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scientists from the Germans to achieve the world's technological supremacy. Therefore, everything else took place for the evil Allied agenda, killing millions of German people in the 24-hour bombardment. The concentration camps remained open The war was prolonged and led to the "Cold War" with weapons based on German industrial achievements, technology and scientists taken from the Germans in World War II. <br /> <br /> 1946 Nuremberg's war crime attempt was a public relations deception and mass murder committed by the Allies as retrospective justice to the Nazis. It was a smoke screen hiding the evil and greedy allies agenda for the world's technological supremacy rather than helping the German resistance overthrow Nazi political regime. Thousands of people died because the Allies abandoned the German resistance to an agenda, but they claimed retaliation against the German chiefs of staff anyway, who paid with their lives in Nuremberg's war crimes or not, even though the Allies had committed genocide to achieve the world's technological supremacy.
