This word 'True' in this movie's title made my alarm bells ring. They rang higher when a title card referred to American civil war as "the war between states" (it was most preferred by die-hard salt herons). Jesse James - thief, slave owner and killer - is described as a quiet, gentle farm cushion. How dishonest is this movie? There is no mention of slavery, much less of the documented fact that Jesse James's poor wider mother owned slaves before the war and that Jesse and his brother Frank were actively fighting to maintain slavery. According to this film, all these civil war soldiers really fought to determine whether Missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... that's ALL. (Missouri: It's a candy mine! It's a puffemine!) Black people are completely absent from this movie, except for two glimpses of a couple of beggars, one of whom carries a "HELP THE DANGER" sign that is very unintentionally shaped in instead of handwritten. (20th-century shots are also inaccurate, with 20th-century styles.) <br /> <br /> This movie has a strange flashback structure. There are some very impressive stunting (and some fine work with stunt horses), and an excellent assembly. I enjoy a line of dialogue: "Some of these boys will never taste prayers again." The movie gets a couple of facts straight: Agnes Moorehead, like Jesse's mother, hides her right arm in the scenes after the raid of Pinkerton's agents (here called Remington), where Jesse James's real mother suffered injuries requiring amputation of her forearm. Some flaws here are pampering: during his bushy days, the real Jesse James accidentally shot part of his left middle finger, but Robert Wagner (in the title role here) doesn't have a blunt finger. I've seen a picture of Jesse James real wife; If she had seen half as glamorously as Hope Lange looks in this movie, Jesse James could have been more at home. <br /> <br /> There is plenty of revisionism here, and most of the male actors wear the 1950s hairstyles. But many of the film's flaws were avoidable. Jesse James mentor William Quantrill is mentioned several times, but all the actors mispronounce his name. We see that Jesse and his wife move into a supplied two-story house (where he will soon die) after paying a rent of $ 18. In fact, Jesse James's last home (at 1318 Lafayette Street, St Joseph, Missouri) was a simple one-story cottage that rents for $ 14. There was no top floor ... so when Jesse James was killed, his wife couldn't come from upstairs as Hope Lange does here. (She was actually in the kitchen.) A continuity error: Robert Wagner (without a stunt double) does an impressive job of taking a slug to the jaw and falling over while his hands are tied behind his back ... but when he gets up, the rope that ties its wrists has disappeared. <br /> <br /> The script makes some nice and unnecessary juggling of dates. After the Northfield robbery trial, Jesse says he expects to come home with his birthday. The actual Northfield Bank Raid by James Gang (September 7, 1876) was two days after Jesse James's birthday. (Maybe he meant next year's birthday.) Later, we see that Jesse and his wife move into their St Joseph home on a good summer day, while Jesse tells her what he plans to do when Christmas Eve arrives ... but in it real life, sir. And Mrs Jesse James moved into the house on December 24, 1881 ... so this scene should be * on Christmas Eve! These errors were completely avoidable. <br /> <br /> Some of the fictions here don't make sense. According to this film, Northfield Bank Raid failed because a (fictional) henchman was slow to cut the telegraph cables. If it had actually taken place, it would actually have inhibited James Gang's escape ... but it would not have affected the robbery itself, which failed for other reasons. <br /> <br /> There are good performances here Jeffrey Hunter (like Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (like Cole Younger) and actress Marian Sold in a rare screen role. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, usually an under-rated actor. Elsewhere, Wagner has shown his impressive selection by convincingly depicting heroes, villains and moral ambiguous characters. Here he does not seem to decide if he should portray Jesse James as a good child or a baddie ... so he does not do much. John Carradine phones in their brief role as a fictional jackleg preacher who dies Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized in childhood by his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a topping-up. <br /> <br /> Jesse James was no Robin Hood. (I doubt that Robin Hood was also Robin Hood, but it's another story.) There is no single documented instance of Jesse James who ever shares his loot with anyone beyond his own family. After some of his team-ups he didn't even split swag with the rest of his gang. In this movie Jesse is knocked down just after he lifts to give up with his bandit roads forever. In fact, the night before his death, Jesse James and Ford brothers stole horses, which Jesse planned to use the next day in a robbery of the Platte City bank. In preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor folk that (in the inaccurate legends) were to be recipients of his greatness. I talked on a scene here where the fictional Jesse James is so beautifully refined that he rejects an oil painting that tastefully shows the nude. <br /> <br /> 'The true (not much!) story of Jesse James' is intentionally dishonest about a 20th murderer, and also dishonest about the civil war. For the very impressive stunt work, a good montage and a few fine actors turn around, I will rate this obscene dishonest movie 2 points out of 10.
