Before I give Spike Lee's clutter on a movie SUMMER OF SAM a well-deserved thrashing, I'd like to make one thing clear. I do not blame this movie simply for its abundance of dull and unpleasant images. What makes this movie so opaque is the fact that Lee seems to think that SUMMER OF SAM should be taken seriously as a socially enlightening drama. For example, the crime films of Quentin Tarantino are filled with violence, fate and others sleaze, but it is nevertheless highly visible because Tarantino does not attempt to transfer these films as socially redeeming works of art. He knows that such films are for entertainment purposes only. On the other hand, serious dramas such as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER'S LIST are often unpleasant to watch, but the unpleasantness serves to develop the movie's plot and characters, with the ultimate goal of getting the audience emotionally involved in the story and characters on the screen. SUMMARY, unfortunately, only wallows in his own sensationism and sleaze, while thinking that it serves as social comments, like other trash cans. TOGETHER OF SAM does not serve as a serious drama because its characters are only cardboard-cutout stereotypes. Its plot aims to show the emotional impact of the hysteria over the sons' Sam murder on the residents of the predominantly Italian-American northern Bronx neighborhood where the murders struck. But instead of presenting the locals as a diverse mix of personalities, Lee simply jumps out of every negative Italian stereotype imaginable. The men are ignorant, lazy, overwhelmed goombahs. The women are divided between weak, complacent "good girls" (Mira Sorvino's Dionna) and promiscuous "bad girls" (Jennifer Espositos Ruby). Lee seems to claim that "payback" Hollywood for their years of negative African-American stereotypes by throwing out stereotypes by themselves, and few critics seem to care about. For example, if Martin Scorsese presented residents of an African-American neighborhood like a bunch of Amos' n Andy and Aunt Jemima stereotypes, critics would rightly condemn such blatant stereotyping. More importantly, one-dimensional, stereotypical characters undermine any movie that is trying to be a serious social comment. <br /> <br /> Without exception, SUMMER OF SAM molded is excellent. But the play is mostly uninspired. The casting goes either just through the movements, or they have little to work with scriptwise. In addition, there are remarkable miscasting. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his Vinny character seems to be an outdated comedic imitation of John Travolta's Tony Manero from Saturday NIGHT FEVER. And Michael Badalucco, a stubborn "nice guy" actor, is very miscast as serial killer David Berkowitz, who comes across as fun rather than scary. The only performance worth noting is Adrien Brody as the troubled, but sincere, neighborhood error Ritchie. The Brody performance and the typical stylish Lee movie are the only virtues in this movie. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 out of ****
