"Why?" The simple question had to be on every New York's lips during the 12 months of terror that David Berkowitz created in 1976-77. The same one word will surely be the same confusing question 22 summers later as people leave theaters displaying the trite and exploiting "Summer of Sam". Director Spike Lee tries to weave the story of a pack of misguided thugs searching for the famous psychopath - who paralyzed New York City for over a year - with a sharp and graphic depiction of the killings, the demons inside Berkowitz's head and the frustration of a vain NYPD manhunt. He presents an ensemble of despicable losers who hear their own "barking dogs" while living, without love, honor and humanity - no different than Berkowitz. Lee browbeats the audience in almost every frame with "not one of us is what we seem to be". Often a critic of the white establishment continues the Lee stereotype by including a scene where Mira Sorvino plays a newlywed with a cheating man (John Leguizamo), hoping to have oral sex with a black man "behind a big black Cadillac". An Italian Mafioso tells a black detective that the famous Willie Mays' over-the-back center field catch was "lucky". Lee even provides the racist clams of a middle-aged black woman who declares "I'm glad it's a white man who kills all these white people because if it was a black man who killed all those white people - would be the biggest race riot in NYC history. "<br /> <br /> Other than an excellent open panic shot of an arrival at a disco (reminiscent of shootings from Martin Scorcese's" Goodfellas "or Orson Welles" The Third Man "), this movie has no soul, purpose or passion. He parades signs on the screen deprived of human decency. Although we do not learn about the true victims of this terrible spree, Spike Lee seems to say that New York City got what it deserved in the scary, boiling summer over two decades ago. "How could anyone grab such chaos on his beloved city?" "How could anyone show such hatred against his fellow man?" <br /> <br /> Are these appropriate questions for Berkowitz or Lee? <br /> <br /> You decide.
