After hearing the mouth of just how bad this movie is, I took the plunge and bought the DVD. That said, all that was mentioned earlier about this movie is true. For a movie claiming to have a budget in the millions, it just doesn't show on the screen at all. The list of problems with the movie could drag on forever. Chief among them is the movie is simply too long. It pulled in a few minutes less than 3 hours. Almost an hour could probably have been cut off the maturity if the editor simply removed the abundance of scenes not dealing with anything more, as the protagonist walked around aimlessly. <br /> <br /> Secondly, as many have pointed out from "trailers", the special effects are anything but special. The stands looked OK in a few shots here and there, but beyond that everything was class-Z 1970's or 1980's quality. Probably the worst effects were of all the horses that were moving back and forth while moving. The heat beam effects were ridiculous as people were reduced to bones that somehow still flailed about without muscles. Also pitiful was the Thunderchild sequence, where the Thunderchild described in the book as an ironclad ram, looked nothing like that. Instead, it resembled a World War II destroyer of era, complete with tire guns (which fired but had no visible herds) and torpedo pipes. <br /> <br /> The colors and backgrounds were as bad as the effects. Most frightening were all a scene in the beginning, where the protagonist and his wife take a night trip and he points out Mars to her in the sky. Now the sky is black, but the view of the artists and the landscape around them is broad daylight. There is also a very sharp boundary between the real landscape, the bathed in full sunlight and the fake black night sky with overly large fuzzy stars. To diminish even longer, the scene's color made no sense. In some, they were bathed in orange light. In other green lights. In still others it is blue light. In some cases, the outside is orange turned on, but the interior of the house is green or blue. The frame speed and the camera are very shaky and give everything a stuttering look. Finally, the play is generally underpar. One man portrays two characters, only a difference, one was missing a mustache. This led to some confusion at times about who was who and where they were. The English accents, even to American ears, are outrageous. <br /> In summary, this movie can very well claim to be the worst movie released in recent times. I haven't seen Gigli or any of the other recent flops, but one, because of the poor quality in all respects, must easily get worse than anything that mainstream Hollywood has put out. I wouldn't be surprised if the movie makes it to the bottom 10 or 20 in the IMDb ranking. It's a shame that the Mystery Science Theater isn't quiet yet.
