*WARNING. It can be spy if you wont. * <br /> Okay, the basic premise for this homegrown Texas movie is: College kids + spookhouse + evil magic book = scary stuff. In practice, this is a lot of time to see how much longer this movie is going to draw. A bunch of frat boys, along with various girlfriends and volunteers, are setting up a charity haunted house. The project is led by a thoroughly dissuasive sign whose main purpose seems to be verbal and physically assaulting as many cast members as possible. I had difficulty believing that anyone would even try to work with that person in any capacity: he is nothing but rude and insulting to everyone, including his boyfriend and his friend. Whether the children are visited by local character and annual pumpkin hunter "Pumpkin Jack", an older coot, described as "Santa Claus of Halloween," which releases a lot of props for the house, including a vicious book prominent in the annoying strobe-flashed prologue (where a gamble of robed cultures is converted to agitation). Needless to say, some fools start knocking with the book, and eventually most of the costumed monsters become real, and the remaining few normal crowds are trying to survive. There are some good things in this movie, but not much: everything is shot well and the makeup effects are decent. On the other hand, they emphasize or exaggerate the performing artists; much of the plot makes little sense outside a "this happens so it can happen" series; there is hardly any musical point to talk about, just snatches of songs throughout the movie; And the movie takes an hour to actually get anywhere. The last problem is the most narrative: two-thirds of 90-minute driving time is used to repeatedly set up the characters. Tom is a lovely guy who dies Heidi for the control reaction, but he used to dance Jill, who now dates Dan Jerken, but she has started a relationship Kira girl who carries too many shawls / capes. Dan is a really big jerk, Gary likes to play jokes, and Steve & Lily likes to have a lot of sex. Things that could easily be handled in 20 minutes or so, pull on and off to the point where the lesbian "sex" scene (calm, it's pretty tame) left me looking for the fast-paced button. It leaves us with half an hour of calorie bar, a clunky ending and a deeply dislike of Ol 'Pumpkin Jack who I owe to the whole mess. Unless you can get it on some sort of deep discount rental (and really have seen everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and continue to look.
