I honestly believe that anyone considering filmmaking will be exposed to this terrible failure. Like the films in Edward Wood, Jr. In the 60s and 70s, this film is a shining example of why real filmmakers use so much energy to rewrite scripts, redirect their movies, and rework their special effects until they finally look to the right. This movie is also a decent argument for the studio's pre-screening process. If Mr. Hines were forced to endure the honest reactions of an impartial audience, he might have cut 75% or walk / run / stroll scenes and edited this movie down to a more tolerable 90 minutes. <br /> <br /> Film students should watch this movie as an example of how dangerous thinking their work is "good enough" really can be. Every performance, any dialogue line, any digital effect, any filter effect, yes, each video frame expresses the danger of striving for simple mediocrity. An incipient filmmaker may even tempt himself from time to time to think "At least I have achieved something" or "Adjusting this will be a performance in itself". This movie will help them understand how much a movie can show. <br /> <br /> Critics may also enjoy watching this movie before they dub the latest summer entertainment "the worst movie ever made". Initial authors can learn from this movie, how important rewriting is, and perhaps understand the need for rewriting. Initial instructors can also learn the importance of a good manuscript and some respect for how difficult it is to write a script that makes the audience feel emotionally compelled throughout history. Authors and directors looking at low-film movies from the week and thinking "I can do better than that" can see an idea from this movie how hard it really is to produce even mediocre results. <br /> <br /> I sincerely believe that this movie can serve as an educational tool for beginner filmmakers. Especially those entering the vessel in this current post-Lucas and post-Spielberg environment. There is a basic film maker who is hailed for their ability with special effects. World War II clearly illustrates that not everyone can pull it out. Some may not even get close to it.
