I probably give this more credit than it deserves because it's Halloween, I was just about "Knott's Scary Farm" and I was in the mood to see a really cheesy Halloween movie. Oh, and it only cost me one dollar. Normally I want to go through a movie like this to get to "the good things", but I resisted the urge here, and I'm still not sure why. It was clear from the opening shots, it was not a "real" movie, not even a B-movie. It's more in the category of DeCoteau "horror" movies such as "The Brotherhood" that is shot on film-watching video for about 50 cents (in fact, I was half scared for a moment one of his stupid college boys would shift himself rubbing himself in his underpants or something). There were no sharp images (too expensive to make multiple camera setups) and flat lighting, but ... it's hard to determine. There's something refreshing about seeing a director without money, pulling a half-decent movie. The fact that he is doing a half-decent job is legitimate, and this movie is part of the merit - the play is not bad, the photography is pretty good (if it is too sharp to be scary), there are some surprises and the whole thing is kind. .. different in some way. <br /> <br /> A bunch of school children are (for some unknown reason) stuck in the warehouse where they decorate the annual haunted house. An eerie old man gives them a satanic book and they accidentally dismiss hell. This results in the costly people in the haunted house becoming as they are built and causing a lot of chaos and human suffering. Along the way we are treated to a weirdly complex and thought-provoking lesbian plot - it is interesting that this couple seems to be the most rounded in the film. Yes, there is a sex scene, but it's not fun - or at least no more than you would find in any legitimate lesbian movie that shows they have sex. It is quite unusual for a horror movie to take time and effort to do this without resorting to cheap use. <br /> <br /> The other thing about this that kept my interest was how it was clear to try to imitate the "stupid children having sex and being killed" vibe of the 80's slashers. It's hard to take it on because there are so many of the movies that already exist, the genre has been made to death. I'm not sure if it's good or bad that these filmmakers simply tried to make another entry in that genre without irony, as if it were still a live genre, but I appreciated the attempt. <br /> <br /> Which is why I sat through it; Sometimes you just want to see a mindless, no-budget, "A-for-effort" horror movie. There was really too much created, not enough to do, endless plot holes, death tolls and clichés, and the unfortunate overall feeling of a movie that simply didn't have enough money behind it to be the movie the producers imagined ... but At least the haunted house scenes were pretty cool. I would pay to go to the haunted house if it existed and didn't mind paying a dollar to watch it on DVD, although I will never see it again. Oh and ** possible spoiler **, but there was big, short business with the vampire girl in the coffin: "I used to be claustrophobic. But I changed myself." Ha ha, good one.
