In this "sequel" Bruce is still called Billy Lo (get it? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee. No?) But apart from that, it's all that is common to the other movie. Billy doesn't seem to be an actor anymore. He seems to be in another country. He's more like a spy. He is the only cast member to return and unfortunately he kills him to make room for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the film dies pretty much with him. This was extremely poorly made. It seemed that they wrote the script when they filmed. The recordings work for a while (it's not too obvious at first), but soon Bruce always appears in the dark all the time (he kicks a light at some point without any other apparent reason to hide the fact that Bruce doesn't play a part ). Unfortunately, when he dies, the film changes. I can't do without filming while writing and maybe planning to keep Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it wouldn't have been plausible when Bobby didn't appear before Billy's dead. It's hard to change the protagonist halfway through the movie, and Bruce is a tough act to follow so it's hard to accept Bobby as the star. Bruce is never seen again in this movie. I think they should have made this sequel without Bruce, he has a lame role in this movie. People who hope to see a new Bruce Lee movie are disappointed to see that even though he has received the best billing, he has only one function. Even the worst movies have at least a memorable bit. If there was a bit about this movie, people seem to be talking about, this is the scene where Billy is struggling in a nursery. Ironically, it doesn't even use Bruce Lee recordings. Remind you, they made it more convincing in No Retreat No Surrender. Not one of the other players here has ever made anything else memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce finishes writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the movie is worth seeing. I really found it sad to see Bruce die. I can't see how a small budget movie like this could get enough money to use the Enter The Dragon footage. This was a cheap way of trying to deposit into Bruce's name. It is strange that this and the original are credited in Bruce's filmography. Fortunately, so far no one has tried anything like this again. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last film appearance. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately this is proof that Bruce's movie career should stand alone.
