There are so many stupid moments in the 'Tower of Death' / 'Game of Death 2' that you really wonder if it is a spoof. At times, I felt I saw a successor to King Pow rather than a Bruce Lee movie. To be honest, this movie has everything to do with 'Game of Death'. If that's something, it's more a sequel / remake of 'Enter the Dragon' that contains many elements in that movie - especially the actual recording. Bruce Lee's character Billy Lo (apparently) examines his friends' sudden death and meets a piece of film left with the man's daughter. When the body is stolen during the funeral (!), Billy is also killed and it is up to his dangerous brother to avenge both men's death. <br /> <br /> Tong Long stars as brother Bobby Lo and don't really have that kind of charisma to wear the movie. However, his fighting opportunities are very good. Of course, Bruce Lee, thanks to (no longer) deleted recordings, appears just to deposit the legacy. To say that, on the whole, the footage is actually edited-better than in 'Game of Death', but it doesn't stop the movie from being a mess. Okay, so the fighting is actually very entertaining (dare I say thinking) and make the movie at least navigable. But there are so many daft elements to this movie that it really tests your patience. First is the supposed villain who lives on his palatial property ... or is the mental institution? Seriously eat nutter the sprout, drink the deer's blood, carry a monkey on the shoulder and own some peacocks and lions (?!). This attempt to make him look hard and intelligent just makes you sad - you half expect someone to escort him back to his room. In fact, this part is awful and when the scene involves a naked hooker and a lion suit, I came off it. However, I finished the movie and was so happy that I did, because the battle situation towards the end (like "GOD") was the whole reason to see. Although history is a nuisance, the action is very good and contains excellent choreography. <br /> <br /> But even the final draws, if the premise was something to pass by. What we were told was that 'Death of Tower' was a pagoda that was head and underground. It sounded good as a twist on Bruce Lee's original idea with different styles of fighting at each level. Could this be the 'Game of Death' that was originally planned? None! The film should have been named "Generator Room of Death" because it is as far as the tower goes. Yes, there were actually one or two "different" styles ... there were folklore grunts, leopard-skinned henchman and stupid monk. It's as if Enter The Dragon had never been made, where the plot was a bad imitation. Worth seeing once for the fast-paced scenes, but so stupid that it hurts. If this was the point, then fine. Thumbs up, however, to recreate the projector room scene from 'Enter The Dragon'.
