Is it possible to give a movie NO STARS? I don't suppose. However, many stars show IMDb this just think zero and you get my drift. Director and photographer Timothy Hines didn't have much budget compared to Spielberg's Herculean effort with the same material (rumors of being the most expensive movie ever made), but it doesn't have to be an insurmountable handicap. I have seen some wonderful work done on a comparative shoestring ("Soldier and Holy" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity and above all talent, it is probably possible to realize a faithful reproduction of Wells' novella - and in a part of what was used by Dreamworks on its world war. Unfortunately, Hines failed in all of these departments. Although he had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise signed for the lead role, his movie would have stumbled as badly as this barnyard animal he has foisted on us. Hines seems first and foremost unable to tell a story. Thanks to digital video technology he can record images and sound, but he shows little ability to compile a story with what he is recording. A guy walks down a road, much. He speaks badly aped Received English to another guy. Then he goes down the same lane, just shot from his back this time to show that he returns - wise, eh? Go talk, for almost an hour it's all happening. OK, I would like to give one extended excursion from the protagonist's house to the battlefield at Horsell Common to show that it is a significant distance from one place to another, may be useful (a first-year film student could make the storyboard a more economical and more aesthetic establishment sequence than this, btw), but half a dozen times? Back and forth, back and forth, et cetera, et cetera with some yakkity yak in between. Remarkable. The only explanation for this abundance of redundancy beyond the overall artistic imperfection is the desire to deepen thirty minutes of miserable amateur CG works into something that could be offered as a film of its own length. Finally, the Martian campaigns look out and go and talk is going on and talking or screaming. Later we get staggering and moan for dessert. Fortunately, much of the dialogue is lifted from H.G. Wells' text; otherwise we would have no idea what is going on. But is it not the whole cinema's point to illuminate a text, to realize which words alone cannot convey? If a movie is dependent on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how we feel, why bother? Why not make a radio? Orson Welles made himself a house name. However, Hines thinks he's a filmmaker, so he is happy to mouth the words and swallow the meaning. <br /> <br /> Second, Hines was able to buy some CG effects of some kind for his movie, but he has no idea how to use them Now I do not have an indelible sweet tooth for eye care. I think good science fiction cinema does not need dazzling technical effects. Some really potent sci-fi's have blossomed on almost no one at all. But the "World War" as a movie requires some baseline action. Wells tells a story that hinges on things that can be seen and heard and even smelled. The effects need not be complex; they can even be raw (eg giant machines on wires that slide over miniature streets as seen in the George Pal / Byron Haskins 1953 version), but they must be handled well. Unfortunately, Hines' effects are both raw and incompetent ?? tripods higher than a cathedral sprout stomp around makes a noise like a pogo stick jump on linoleum ?? Martian squidoids although suppressed by four times the gravity of their original world scurry and diligently around without noticeable effort ?? skeletons completely spoiled by meat and muscle wars and screams - the same damned horse and buggy greens over the foreground a dozen times (returned right occasionally hoping that we might not notice) ?? and on ad nauseum. Raw technology is forgiven. So, do you have a CG fire effect that is less than compelling? Fine, we can work around it Just don't use it too often and just show a glimpse of it. The stubby woman's sequence looks more like a broken flower? Throw it away. It is not necessary. You say your Martian flyer looks like a toy on a string? If you need it, go ahead, but please don't see it twice! But no, Hines won't listen. We get the worst-looking stuff used over and over again. Maybe they get 180 minutes somehow, boy. <br /> <br /> Next, we have plays, or more precisely, too much acting. Whether in a talking role or just been paid to die in a queue, everyone in this movie works on his little heart. Hines obviously believes that he gets a good deal - more flying in terror over there! You, quaking behind that tree, let us have a real conniption fit for this take. You call it that writhing in pain? Nonsense, my grandmother can write better - Nonetheless, the cast as a whole sucks and sucks individually. They are not even good amateurs. But it does not have to be mortal. Many a good movie is made with rancid plays. That's what directors are for. And editors. Which brings up another point? Who the hell let Tim Hines edit this cheese factory? If America's butchers were so good at meat cutting as Hines is filming, your next hamburger would be all fingers and no beef. Despite the almost three hours of driving time, many things are missing from this movie - not sequences, but single pictures that create a herky-smoking effect that is nauseating. Perhaps Hine's intention was to simulate the effect of a handcuffed cine camera from the 1890s. If he was, I can say he doesn't know how to do it.
