I would like to start by saying that I am NOT a fan of anime (with a few notable exceptions), and I generally have a low sense of so-called otakus, as they are so in love with their particular brand of cartoon that you tag each movie with head-sharpened, large-eyed characters as a work of art without considering other important factors such as the plot. And no animated film better represents this division between otakus and people with actual taste than this elegant piece of waste, Fatal Fury: The Motion Picture. As seen through the glassy, ​​unimaginable eyes of an otaku, there is little to find fault in deadly rage - there are lots of quirky Japanese-y humor, one-on-one duels, some "dramatic" moments, and everything is beautifully drawn. But everyone else will be rejected by the cliched, predictable plot with clipped, predictable characters that culminate in a cliched, predictable ending. The love scenes are hilariously overwhelmed - the scene in which Sulia "heals" Terry is, of course, meant to be a tender moment, but it is almost impossible not to be thrown into the spiral of ridiculous laughter by the sheer ridicule of it. And of course, Fatal Fury is not without the mandatory cartoon T & A - this is provided free of charge by the huge breasted Mai Shiranui. And since Fatal Fury is based on the video game series with the same name (oh boy), we are treated with numerous pointless como steps of popular characters with little or no relevance to the plot at all (they go through all the problems introducing Kim early, only for him to disappear from the movie right after that time). This clutter of a movie reaches its peak with the unintentional Pharisee final battle, where all the protagonists engage the omnipotent greatest villain in one-on-one struggles on his side. There are some things that always amuse me ... even when fighting in animation does NOT take place in a tournament, they always happen as if they were, regardless of whether it makes sense! <br /> <br /> Otakus always raises how animated films should be treated as movies, as opposed to just comics, and a disturbing part of the same people loves fatalities. So, fatal fury would have been good if it wasn't an anime? The answer is a suppressed "no" - this whole movie is charm, how little there is, lies in the actual drawings. Had Fatal Fury not been an anime, it would have been worth an episode of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 if the show was still in the air. It's the key - it's nothing but a ridiculously bad B movie in the screen of an anime epic. If you are a fan of movies so bad that they are actually entertaining, consider renting Fatal Fury (or catching it on the Sci-Fi channel) as it is definitely one of them. If you are an otaku, please wake up and realize that a good 90% of the things you see are garbage. As for everyone else, buy a Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but don't even consider watching this movie.
