Sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror movie is a signal of its greatness. I remember the nervous laughter of the audience in the release of the Excorcist ?? really nervous laugh. It depicted just how horrified we were, so Satan's voice came out of a 12-year-old girl. However, in the case of the 2006 remake of the 1972 cult club The Wicker Man, it made me that this new Wickerman is as scary as the South Park character Scuzzlebut, the friendly forest monster with TV's Patrick Duffy for a leg and a celery stem for An arm that is favorite hobby is weaving curve curve. Three years ago, one of my friends in Hollywood told him that Nicolas Cage was making a remake of the movie. I started laughing and my friend (Keith) got angry with me and took Nicolas Cage as a great actor. I just didn't think he could pull it off and unfortunately for movie gamers I was right. Gone is the reality, the excellent original music, the originality, the eerie and the wonderfully powerful dialogue. Instead, we have horror movie clichés, touched plays and changes to the story that make any credibility fall apart. Like many of the countless Hollywood remakes, we've been flooded lately, it feels like we're seeing 4th grade in a playground that plays Wickerman. The original movie takes place on a remote Scottish island, where a Scottish police officer is lured there to find a missing young girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new tour, a California policeman (Cage) is lured to an island off the coast of Washington by his ex-boyfriend to find his missing daughter. She sends a picture and the missing daughter looks like a young girl he was trying to save in a burning collapse long ago. The crash still fights him partly because the girl's body was never found. But even after he gets a letter with his picture in it, the connection is completely thrown as he heads north to help his ex-boyfriend find his daughter. He arrives to find an island full of actors pretending to be Wiccan's descendants, many of whom think they did not get ringtones for roles in The Village. And just like the village, it is not long before you realize that there is nothing to be afraid of here. Not even the fiery blind sisters who talk together. <br /> <br /> I think the opportunity to earn a lot of money on a Hollywood movie often comes at great value for the artwork. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in so many movies these days, loses touch with the magic that movies can be when it comes to the point where he has a personal cook on the set that prepares their snacks. We needed a bad reconstruction of Wickerman as we needed another 9-11 movie. I begin to wonder if Nicolas changed his surname from Coppola because he wanted to or because he was called to do so.
