Everyone else who has commented negatively on this movie has made excellent analysis of why this movie is so bloody awful. I did not want to comment, but the film tows me as much, and especially the author / instructor. So I have to throw in my hat to join the naysay. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and really loved the horoscope of music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world and the collapse of theological beliefs. This said I am not part of the crowd who believe that restoring big movies should not be done. For example, I liked the original 1950's "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", but just as well restored the 1978 remake. Both films can stand on their own. Another example is "The Thing". The original, as campy as it looks to today's standards, has much to be proud of in the 1982 remake with Kurt Russell (my all-time favorite horror movie). So the small minority of people who like to "The Wicker Man" recreate cannot accuse me of rejecting this shot just because it is a re-spouse. <br /> <br /> This movie solidified my Neil LaBute's sexism and misogynistic tendencies. It also made me wonder how managers who want to make a serious thriller would like green light a product that is so anti-woman. There are too many scenes with Cage that hit women just because he is frustrated with those who face his investigation of a missing girl. would he react like this from the island in other cases where suspects are not coming? The origin created a society where men and women are equal participants in a goddess-based religion. The threat to the protagonist came from everyone, male and female. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. Was a little heavy handed and practical ("Drone must die!"), especially when Cage's character has bi-allergy. I wondered why the men on the island did not fight back and use more physically to stop these women from treating them as grunts. It was not women with special supernatural powers, and half of them seemed to be pregnant, the other half old and fat and the other girls and thin blonde waifs. So if the men really wanted to escape, they could do what most men do when they hate women. Physically dominate them. There did not seem to be weapons or weapons beyond cutting tools to keep them if they were unhappy. But if they were happy to be drones, why not make them speak? They could be used as a threat to Cage because they want to defend society. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a society leapt from women would leave men castrated. (The movie was already made. "The Stepford Wives" someone?) Classic symptoms from men who are afraid of what might happen if women got their together and were really equal citizens. The problem with the male hate society is that it gives uninteresting screenings and creates unintentional humor when Cage starts knocking women out. I think LaBute should have left the community an egalitarian, kept sexuality and unrestrained lasciviousness and pushed buttons of discomfort over the kids on the island. No one likes pedophiles or children to be sexually exploited. So how would a policeman react if he saw scary acts done by adults with children around? There would be a logical mental leap that these children are being abused, and thus an urgent need to save the missing child and get help for all the children. LaBute has said that he created fiancé and daughter history to give Cage's character an incentive to search. I don't think you need it. Any abused child will react to an adult to save them. The irony would, of course, be that the child Cage eventually "saves" death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was constructed and campy. The whole third act was fun. The audience I saw it with guffawed (and later booed at the end). I just thought the movie started wrong when the letter arrived in the fancy handwriting and all the flashbacks cut in to show how Cage was hurt. We don't have to. Just show him arriving on the island for an investigation of a missing child. Most of us in America have seen "Law & Order" and other cop procedures. We come into the movie as if we are Cage's partner who solves a mystery. So much potential ... wasted. Neil LaBute, stick to talking headlines for people who enjoy your male anxiety-ridden games and flicks of this kind. Stay with your own business of men. Leave the thrillers for people who understand thrillers. Here's your jar of honey. I want to see it.
