I'm sitting here for the time being, forcing me to finish this. I expect I blew 6 bux on VHS, it might as well like it. I remember 4 or 5 years ago doing a search on the Internet for the "War of the Worlds" cause of the rumors of Spielberg movies at that time, and I missed the old TV series from the early 90s. The site makes it clear that this was a multi-million dollar budget translation of the classic book. It would be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more consistent with this movie. <br /> <br /> First, the video on this movie was glitched! It looked like I was watching Full Motion Video from an old mid 90's PC or Playstation CD-Rom video game. Unfortunately, the color quality was the same. The actress Shatner's classic "dramatic break" looks even closer to Shakespeare in quality. The CG rendering of various scenes was horrible, and green screen sequences were worse than those seen in ancient Dukes of Hazardd scenes. Second, it is slowly and terribly pulled out. I sat through 45 minutes of the video (no promo is in the beginning) before the cylinder actually opened to reveal the first stranger. Then the alien was a terribly constructed CG octopus. I am now an hour into it, and most of the alien weapons I've seen are a spinning silver dish. The dramatic scenes are murdered with overly finished instrumental. The last thing about it, for a foreign invasion of the turn of the century 1900 is no one concerned about their lives. It is as if they have no concept. Though the media was slow, word of mouth spread quickly and people would have known. The illusion of day and night was, at best, unclear. Just changing the color around the people into purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Perhaps some lighting and actual night time shots would have given a much better illusion. There are many spilled sequences throughout the movie, where you just watch "the hero" gallop or go down stupid roads. Continue with the movie. I know how people come around, you don't have to be so profound. <br /> <br /> Now, finally, an hour and 5 minutes in the movie, and they show foreign machines. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers had better looking effects. Even the skeletons of vaporized people looked as if animated by a freshman high school computer app class student. The animations do NOT match nature. <br /> <br /> When you close people, do one of four things if you want the "World War". 1) See the 1953 original, 2) Look at the TV series' early 90s, 3) Wait for Spielberg's release to be published shortly, OR 4) Read the frankin book (something we all probably did in elementary English class). AVOID THIS MOVIE. IT IS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY.
