Prior to this release, Neil LaBute had to say this about the original from 1973: "It's surprising how many people say it's their favorite soundtrack. I'm like, come on! You don't like the new, but if it is your favorite soundtrack, I don't know if I will * have you like my movie. "<br /> <br /> Neil, a word. You may also want to sit down for this too; As Lord Summerisle says, the shocks are so much better absorbed with the knees bent. See, Neil, the case of the original, is that Paul Giovanni's soundtrack is one of the most famous things about it. The filmmakers themselves consider it a virtual musical. Along with Richard and Danny Thompson, and Bert Jansch, it started almost the 1970s Folk New Wave. Undermining it is akin to imagining Jaws without John Williams. Or Buddy Holly Story without Buddy Holly. The result is one of the most breathtaking arrogant, pointless remakes of a British cult classic since Sly Stallone's Get Carter. The original had apparently left Nicolas Cage "disturbed for about two weeks." Then disturbed during the fourteenth window of the window that he set the idea of ​​re-inventing one of the most nuanced films of interfaith struggle ever devised for an author director who was previously known for his utterly eerie depictions of male chauvinism. It's like some parlor game: what would you get if Sam Peckinpah went on Bambi? Or Gaspar "Irreversible" Something recreated Love, in fact? (In fact, I'd like to see it). Unfortunately, someone has taken this parole game seriously: All LaBute have managed to tear out the original bowel while sitting with their own gormless Sex War concern. After failing to rescue a little girl and her mother from a fatal car accident, Cage's highway patrolman spirals into a medical torpor. Then he receives a letter from fiance Willow Woodward (this one is about the name-tribute to kudos) now living on the private island community of Summersisle ?? that extra 's' stands for 'superfluous'? and wants Edward to help find the missing daughter Rowan. Summersisle, it turns out, is a woman-dominated link, perceived as a paradise for oppressed women and refugees from the Salem witch process. Here, the matriarchs observe the old ways, and the few men are close-knit race mole. It is just like Lilith Fair on a large scale. Summersles main export is tax? a symbolic and literal headache for Edward, as he is allergic to bees. "Beekeepers" cried edward "They seem to be everywhere on this island!" Well, that's probably because Summersisle's main export is honey. <br /> <br /> While making his studies, Edward persuaded a predominantly Mayday ritual called "the time of death and rebirth". He discovers last year's crop failed; almost die from biceps; and finally comes to the end (a conclusion that could not be more obvious if the locals had tattooed a schedule of events on the back of his hands) that Rowan would be burned alive in a pagan rite to ensure an abundant harvest. He also meets the queen's bees, sister Summersisle (Burstyn), who has his own plans for him, involving the eponymous Wicker Man: "Drone must die." <br /> <br /> First, the good news: every concern Cage will be flying from the Wicker Man's flaming jaws at the last minute of a fleet of black CIA helicopters can be put to rest: he bowl. It's about it for the good news. "This is a story whose chapters were carefully written," said Burstyn with sublime irony. While retaining the basic cat-and-mouse performance (and credit style), what is left is the original to a polished land policy. <br /> <br /> Essential to Shafer's original manuscript was that, in accordance with ritual, his Christian copper came to the island of his own free will ?? and most importantly was a virgin; the perfect victim. By reducing cases to a sexual, as opposed to a religious power struggle, LaBute presents the most qualified qualifiers for a harvest offering. When Cage worked, he was bait, you honestly couldn't care less. <br /> <br /> And Cage is one of the worst things in this; a lumbering, screaming donkey ?? an ass white whose tongues seem just too big to his mouth. "Goddamit" he moans after he hallucinates a drowned Rowan, with all the mental agony of a man who has set his morning watch half an hour early. One hopes it is his character's frequent dependence on pills that has reduced him to this condition ?? alternately tired, so full of preppy, indulgent vim. If so, it is a fine depiction of an undisturbed IQ supplement with anti-depressants. If not, it has nothing to think about. Like Willow, sauces-eyed Beahan are also horrible and present their lines as if they are competing with Cage for the "most half-hearted" delivery. While Burstyn completely lacks the mercurial threat to convince. Who is afraid of Naomi Wolf? <br /> <br /> Every item that made the original fantastic ?? The beautifully detailed depictions of the folklore, the brilliant score, the dialogue (Lord Summerisle's majestic "You Made It Beautiful!" Have been replaced with the slightly less attractive "You Made It Great!" Whoah, Guy!) ?? has been replaced by a meandering battle-of-the-sex thriller with occasional crash-bang wallop. Namely, woven women; this is a LaBute flick. Cage's sister Beech bashing is just one of the more embarrassing episodes; Impotent little men will chop with joy over how their opity hippie chickens finally got what had come to them, hyuk hyuk. The final coda sees the whole rat mess collapse under the weight of the genre cliché: In a bar, two guys run into a pair of Summersisle maidens on land leave, flirt fishing for fresh martyrs. At the moment of their successful pick-up, you expect half the women to turn around and give an exaggerated look and thumbs up to the camera. One more thing: Dear Credit Guards may have noticed the movie with an unusually high number of producers (something up to 10) tends to be not much cop Wicker Man has a total of 18 producers.
