Usually when I write a review for a movie online, it is for one of three reasons. Either I have found something that is exceptionally lacking in a movie that would otherwise have been excellent; must be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. Although all these reasons may seem to be negative, I find writing a review that excludes nothing but praise and statements like "This is one of the best movies all the time!", Do nothing to enlighten a potential viewer of its advantages and disadvantages, and it often does not justify why a movie is so good, which should be the purpose of the notification in the first place. Having said that, World of War is nothing but a hurry, incompetent attempt to get a money; piggy-backing his abominable carcasses on the multi-million dollar advertising campaign of the movie by the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the summer, and many more poor souls will buy it for more material on the same subject. This movie is not even "so bad" that it becomes fun or appealing, rather the audience will be so incredibly disappointed to reach out to anger. Now with most of the insults out of the way, let me give some arguments as a warning to the more fortunate than I am. Judging from the cover and the lack of publication of this movie (I found it as SAM's Club for 8 bucks), I assumed that the cast would be no names and that the special effects would not be too spectacular. Check. This is not a big thing for me as I find a big budget and an over-reliance on big names stars and SE can reduce an otherwise decent movie. I also didn't expect to be blown away by a big dialogue or a moving score. Check again. What I was hoping for was a real serious attempt at a classic theme and a few strangers / battle scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, as per IMDb's policy, every spoiler must be announced in advance, no matter how small it is, so here's a fair warning. The film opens with a lot of inane small talk, followed by a trip to an observatory to look at a red dot. Seriously, it is a picture of a red dot in a tube. It is very difficult to describe every little problem in depth, but at the end of the first ten minutes the combination of shaky camera work, splashed scenes and a lot of hikes begins to disturb the viewer. However, costuming is surprisingly not bad, and the hope that the pods will reveal something mysterious keeps you going. The next 30 minutes goes basically as follows: One of the main characters goes to one of the pods, he looks at the pods and talks to another protagonist about looking at the book, and it can be hot. They both go back to town. These trips are not two seconds or added, so the dialogue can be exchanged. They are twenty seconds or more and are simply adding filler to an already inflated three hour movie. In a particularly horrible scene, the main character appears on a pod, so he shows pacing and panting, then he looks at the chest, then he takes a minute's walk through a field to the city, then enters the city and enters a building, so has he made a cup of coffee and said: "Thank you Mary" to a random girl who serves him coffee, then he puts the coffee down and goes out of the building, then he goes one minute through the field and back to his chest. I apologize for the extreme run-on statement, but it's perhaps the best way to summarize this whole movie. Characters talk too long about earthly things, they go a lot, they send other people to walk, the camera swings between high speed and slow speed, but for no dramatic effect, simply the cameraman is a sophomore at Tech somewhere. The editing is terribly bad. Folk actions make little sense. For example, when the professor goes to a farmhouse and says he needs the farmer to give him a trip to the city, the farmer rises and walks around. When the professor says there is a pod and that men can get caught inside, the farmer locks him in shed only to see the professor grab a fork and open the weak shed a second later. Nothing quite natural comes from this whole scene as the professor enters the protagonist a moment later, so they can begin their afternoon tour. The whole movie feels like somebody at one time had a good idea of ​​making a movie, but absolutely no idea how to set it up. I've seen better high school video productions. Finally, the special effects are ridiculous and do nothing to advance the story. I get the feeling that the director really wanted this movie to become something of a cult classic of campy waste. But it is so terrible in technical aspects and in pure sense that it only makes people evil. Avoid this movie at all costs.
