You don't expect much from a PRC image and with rare exceptions - mostly from Edgar G. Ulmer and some of Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - that's exactly what you get: not much. This "epic" of Nazis in Africa, trying to provoke an Arab uprising against the British, is not much different. Manuscript, by longtime PRC Hack Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, are tired, ridiculous, full of unfunny "wisecracks" and plotting holes in the size of outer Mongolia. The direction, by the long-standing PRC budget expert Al Herman, is at best semi-comatose. However, the performance is - with the exception of spectacularly incompetent and annoying hammy joints Walter Woolf King - not really half bad. Veteran comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the movie. He plays a guy from Brooklyn masquerading as a razor magazine selling and brightening up the screen when he comes up. He has a fantastic comic timing, charm to spare and seems to have a good time. Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing as an Arab sheikh - despite his Spanish accent - and veteran bad George J. Lewis as Renaldo's Arab rival does his usual good job with disgrace, even though he occasionally goes over the top. Joan Woodbury is pretty pretty and has a nice light touch, and she and Renaldo have good chemistry together, even though she - like the rest of the casting - doesn't even have anyone with a king. H. B. Warner, whose career dates back to the silent era, gives a camp of dignity to the low-lease procedure, though he blows his lines several times and that the PRC is the PRC, they were not carved. There is a large amount of stock footage spliced ​​in from a large budget silent movie with a similar Arabic theme - although I have no idea who it is - and the PRC is the PRC, nothing was done to try to make it unclear: I has rarely seen stock footage that was so overtly obvious. <br /> <br /> "A Yank in Libya" is not very good, of course - ok, it stinks - but it would be worth seeing just to see Parkyakarkus in his prime. I had heard of him and knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but had never seen him in anything before. It was worth seeing this tenth-rate PRC "extravaganza" just to see him in action. Otherwise, forget it.
