I recently saw the Broadway revival of "Blithe Spirit" with Angela Lansbury, Rupert Everett, Christine Ebersole and Jayne Atkinson. It's a great production, and shows what good actors can do with a game that is less than perfect. Angela Lansbury is extremely fun as Madame Arcati. <br /> <br /> It was probably a mistake to watch the movie version of the drama Rex Harrison. The film does not have energy or laughs at a good stage production. <br /> <br /> "Blithe Spirit" is probably one of those plays that works better with a livecast, in an audience filled with people who have come to laugh. The actors can improvise, give touches and nuances to their performance and delivery of the lines and involve the audience on a personal level that you cannot get into a movie house or with a DVD where the audience is separated from history by "fourth wall". History: Charles Condomine (Rex Harrison), a successful writer, lives with his wife Ruth (Constance Cummings) in a house on the English countryside. Seeking information for his next book, a book dealing with the supernatural, invites Charles Madame Arcati (Margaret Rutherford, reprising her role from the original 1941 London production), a local spiritual medium, to her house to perform a séance. Charles believes that spiritualism is a shame, but hopes to pick up "the tricks of trade". But then Madame Arcati returns the ghost to Elvira (Kaye Hammond), Charles's first wife who died of pneumonia seven years ago. Elvira refuses to leave and develops a saliva rivalry with Ruth over Charles (complicated by the fact that only Charles can see or hear Elvira). On stage, the actors can give performances that invite to laugh in this situation. But on the screen, the actors in "Blithe Spirit" tear through the lines as if they don't know anyone is listening to them. The muttered lines were designed to make fun of the scene. The performances of Harrison, Cummings, and even Kaye Hammond are flat and lifeless. Only Margaret Rutherford seems to have maintained her spark and humor as Madame Arcati. <br /> <br /> The Oscar-winning visual effects in the movie are not impressive - not only by today's standards but by the standards of 1946! They consist mainly of Kaye Hammond, who walks in fluorescent green clothes and makeup, is photographed in special lighting to make her look like a glowing ghost. The cinematographer deserves some credit for creative lighting. But compare the dull visual effects of "Blithe Spirit" to the truly groundbreaking effects of Disney's "South of South" - which was eligible for awards that same year. In "South", people and animated characters share the screen seamlessly for minutes at a time. Compared to "South", the Oscar, which "Blithe Spirit" received for special effects, was completely undeserved. <br /> <br /> In any case, I can only encourage you to catch the Broadway revival of this game with Angela Lansbury before closing. As for the movie with Rex Harrison, skip it.
