You just love opening sequences like the one in "Seven Women for Satan" ?? During the intro there is a naked girl running through the forest, chased by a hunting dog and a vicious looking guy on a horse until she falls off a rock and splits her head open on a stone. Then the camera zooms out on the guy's face and we notice how he simply sits behind a desk while his secretary is waiting for him to sign some papers. "Oh, I'm sorry I was lost in my thoughts?" he says so! Sweet, I've stumbled upon another completely bonkers movie. Although you only understand a minimum of French and look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven Women for Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices, but merely deals with the flamboyant escapades of a perverted and mentally unstable counts during his weekend in the countryside. This is actually another dizzying variation on the classic milestone "The Most Dangerous Game" of a lunatic disruptive hobby for hunters? preferably warm bare chickens - in the forest for sports. Yes, it's more than just a variation on the 1932 classic, as author / director / actor Michel Lemoine had the prestige to directly connect his protagonist to Leslie Bank's legendary villain in "The Dangerous Game". Count Zaroff allegedly is the original Count Zaroff's son, but he switched his private island to the French French landscape. He also cannot afford to be unemployed anymore, so he is office worker from Monday to Friday and a manic killer on the weekend. Zaroff is a real villain who is hallucinating about dancing with a deceased woman, but actually driving his car over the living. His butler once promised to prevent Zaroffs from killing, but of course he does a miserable job. There is no depth in the manuscript and the structure is certainly not aware of tension or spooky atmosphere. Really, the only useful thing to do under this film is to count the girls who are enticed to Zaroff's deceptive trap and hope they will soon be up to seven. Half of the film is pointless and boring cushioning film, like the long-standing erotic dance act, in which a statue is inexplicably transformed into a muscular black guy (???), and the other half consists of psychedelic sleaze, which eventually becomes tiresome even though everyone the girls look confident. I have the impression that it was Michel Lemoine's intention to imitate his companion Jean Rollin and make a scary kinky sex thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, and it is therefore inevitable that it is Jess Franco's permanent Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine himself probably has a crazy killer, but not the talent to portray one.
