The 1930s were a golden age of Los Angeles with its film industry and a great potential for various other opportunities to become rich and famous and happy. People arrived there and hoped to fulfill their dreams. Expected open arms and welcoming offerings were few who managed to succeed and find their way to the star, majority condemned to live hungry, disillusioned and unwanted, and sought some respect in dirty bars and uncomfortable rooms. <br /> <br /> The young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in LA on a similar mission - spreading his charm to get one of the beautiful wealthy women and to write an excellent novel that would set He on a career path has so far written a single short story published in an unclear anthology. Wanting to create a romantic masterpiece, he seems to be able to produce something without experiencing it even though he occasionally sends pieces of magazine stories to a local editor who helps him survive. He is proud to present himself as Italian, but deep in his heart he truly feels his Italian origin as a burden. The little money and the courage to conquer the world he once had is long gone and sees his dream become a hangover, he has a last single nickel to use. The coffee she brought him was cold and sour and spat a curse on her triggers an infinite relationship between insults, unspoken excuses and a love hidden beneath. Camilla is an uneducated girl trying to receive US citizenship through a marriage, also carrying her heavy cross of a non-perspective racial heritage. Although she is much of a stronger and more experienced person, her situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much harder to handle than Arturo is capable of realizing. <br /> <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo finally finds his inspiration for working on the novel? Is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun? Is it likely that their romance takes an unfortunate trip? It is very surprising to find out that chemistry between the two main characters, performed by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The relationship lacks the raw and authentic feelings. Hayek, however, livelier a character compared to Farrells forgot to arm Camilla with the passion and strength of his once brilliant character Frida. It is also difficult to trust a character who is intelligent but uneducated and illiterate uses quite difficult vocabulary and complicated phrases. A harder character of a Phil Marlowe variety would certainly suit Farrell better, although he looks great in a costume, he seems very lost and tries to find the fragile world of a 20-year-old dream that balances between hidden love and a desire to be true to oneself. <br /> <br /> It's not right to feel embarrassed about seeing the two on the screen. Their relationship may have been wild, but it is more likely what a thunder and a lightning is without storm, far from true passion, feelings just described did not feel inside. It is very sad that a potential of an interesting script and good actors was wasted, turned into a gray average of soon to be forgotten.
