Participating in the diaries must have been disturbing as the recording continued on this error in a movie. Probably Cruise, Exec. Prod. So what happened and had Towne need a lot, much more of the naked inclusion in the final cut when Towne wanted to make up for the disaster, he looked threatening. (Maybe Cruise even thought of "Titanic".) A Few things: Colin Farrell can't get out of a paper bag. But he is one of the flavors of the decade, a producer's treasure, and one is forced to avoid embarrassment to see him by not participating in his films. He has so many moments to not believe what he is doing and you can see it in his eyes. I think he would have been best as a movie actor, albeit not as rich or famous as he is now, playing the second track to dynamic driver who can act. The trap of spending a lot of money for period sets, costumes, cars, et al and photographing them as if they just came from the washer or wash / wax. No one seems to have something to look good. Or dirty. Is this because the production designer was told by the line manufacturer to ensure that they did not destroy those things, because then would the company pay for the broken goods? <br /> <br /> This was a story of the Depression Thirties, not a Disney Broadway musical about the era. What to do in black and white or better yet, given Caleb Deschanel as your D.P., he has desaturate the colors during the mix to suggest some of the actual grime and bad times. Living as desperately as these people did in depression should have been a bit depressing. More about Farrell. Did anyone think for a moment that this guy was a writer? H. L. Mencken on the wall; Did I see my eyes at some point? Hayek and Farrell as a Sexually Dynamic Duo? Sending a Boy to Do a Man's Work? Perhaps in the book I did not read, the story was about an older woman and a youth. I can't dive too deep into the middle of the latter of the movie because I bailed out early. But the memory of the scenes I saw made me think that someone was making a non-marvelous parody of a noir movie. Kind of what Saturday Night Live has been like the last decade: not fun. (In my thoughts I continued to think of a Guy Noir sketch, music and everyone.)
