Down Kelly (Ledger), the infamous Australian crime and legend. Some of Robin Hood, with a mix of Billy the Kid, the Australians love the legend of how he stood up against the English aristocratic repression and united the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of the time were about 70% of immigrant criminals seems to be randomly skimmed around this movie. In fact, a few so-called "facts" in this movie after reflection are a bit dubious. I suppose the suspicions should have been evoked when it was claimed in the opening credit that this film is based on the book, 'Our Sunshine'. If ever a romanticized version of the truth could be seen in a name for a book, where was it. This should not be a historical epic, but merely an adaptation of one of many dubious legends by Ned Kelly, albeit a hard and occasional brutal version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing but an overblown Hallmark channel `real life historical drama 'wannabe! The story stretches at an alarming rate (alarming because never a movie plodded so slowly!) The feeling of numbness after the two-hour clean drive again reminded of Costner's awful Wyatt Earp all those years ago. In short, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time to get to it nothing. This might have been a bit more tolerable if the performance was good (because the direction as such was not). But unless you seek to play a game spot the worst oirish accent, then you will be disappointed. Between that, the play of `who has the stupid beard? ',' Spot the obvious backstabber! '(clue, they are all ginger for some reason), and `Nature in Australia.including lions', it is an experience similar to flickering through Hallmark, The History Channel, Discovery Channel and neighbors while suffering a huge hangover. Yup, nature springs up a lot, to fill even more time (possibly an attempt to look artistic), the film shows endless wildlife, and when all the native species are shown, there is a circus to allow a camel and a lion ( used during a battle to try to make us feel more sorry for the lion than the massacre people). <br /> <br /> This is a turgid, emotional piece of historic fluff that should have gone straight to the TV. There's not even a good word I can say about this movie. Even the normally amazing Rush seems embarrassed to be here. When one of the characters notes that there are only 2 balls left for him and his buddy, I would even wish I had a gun to blow any memory of this movie out of my head!
