I can't get past the message in this movie. It is much too clear to ignore, and it is indecent because it has lost its sense of what it is about. I have not read the novel, but Pollack's film opens with a scene at a CIA frontal organization in New York, broken into by two professional assassins led by Max von Sydow, who continues to brutally slaughter half-half-crew members we are come to know and understand. The staff includes an older female receptionist, a pushy older professor guy who is toupee falling off when he's machine-gunned (is it a joke?), And lastly, the beautiful Tina Chen who looks up from the copier, she realizes is by being murdered and saying, pitifully brave, "I will not scream." Von Sydow responds sympathetically: "I know." These murders are totally unexpected, courageous, unmotivated by everything we are aware of and graphic. It's a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way in which von Sydow and his hands can be redeemed. And that's exactly what Pollack is trying to do towards the end. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent good guys, von Sydow switches pages (because the other side is willing to pay him) and kills the evil mastermind behind a complicated intramural CIA plot. The scripture then becomes a perfectly sensible, sensitive person. "It's better to live in Europe. Things aren't that hasty." Or anything. I swear I didn't do this. Pollack wants us to think it is better to be an honest massacre than a curly bureaucrat. That is the message. You must write it down if you forget it. Just exactly what kind of psychiatric shambles do you have to be to reverse common values, not to mention common sense, up and down? I understand that there are thought-provoking adults who do not like the US government, even hate it, and who see conspiracies almost everywhere and give a knee punch for otherwise unexplained events. I know that people who think this way exist because I speak some of them among my closer friends. Nevertheless, this hatred, at some point, does not like this if it increases in intensity, go beyond politics or ethics and into psychiatric realm. I don't think for a moment that a man who kills people for money is better than a monstrous official. I don't care how the killer and the grown killer are, or whether he knows how to get to the Louvre on the Metro. Anyone who publishes this message needs either medicine or meditation. <br /> <br /> I would like to argue that production is as rotten as its message, but I can't. It's pretty well done. (In some ways, it's worse because it makes the movie less repulsive.) Even New York City sees kerosene on the screen. And it's been a long time since I've been thinking about New York as a photographer. Robert Redford does an admirable job of projecting his character's first shock and confusion, but then becomes a telecommunication semi-genius. And man, he looks nice! His wardrobe is just right. Even his rash glasses will be. And his peacoat. Not everyone can make a navy jacket look glamorous. He also seems very nice, the pigs. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and a tie with such panache. Faye Dunaway is okay in her role, but it's not too credible a role. Would anyone eagerly sleep with a guy who has just kidnapped her and kept her on gun? Even if he looked like Redford? Would anyone be emotionally hurt if, when this ambivalent relationship is about to end, Redford asked her not to tell anyone what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He does one or two extremely good double-take. The mailman is fantastic. The battle between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is exquisitely choreographed, and for once we do not really know how it will turn out, because Redford (a book reader after all) seems to be inconsistent with the hired cheat of this employed assassin . This is one of John Housemann's last roles. A shame. He is a magnet on the screen. And what an end to his life: a friend finds him lost, walks on the streets of New York, in a neighborhood he'd been familiar with for most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is performing very well, but I can't ignore the evil, paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of Will". Or her Olympic documentary, where the announcer sees a footstep where Jesse Owens pulls into the lead role and says viciously: "This Negro is dangerous."
