One can only assume that Robert Osborne is contractually obliged to express even the least appealing films in the TCM library, as it would explain to him that he reinforced the "virtues" of this "charming" movie during his introduction when I watched this on cable TV. Seeing as an old movie on IMDb receives "classic" status from a number of fawning amateur reviewers, I thought there was a great need for a more honest review of this movie. <br /> <br /> This is not your dad's 'buy around the corner'. For all my quibbles with 'You Got Got Mail', it still portrays it as a remake in almost every way imaginable. For those who have seen the original, the errors will only become more apparent. From one of the paralyzed Meet Sweet Sequences I remember seeing (a sad slapstick attempt at "humor"), this movie comes out on the wrong foot and it never really comes back in step. This "musical" only qualifies as one of the most sparse feelings of the term. There is a sprinkling of instantly forgettable songs, and then Judy sings "I don't care" while she slips her arms around like a fit. The Christmas song she sings in the store is probably one of her better numbers here. Miss Garland was wonderful in a number of musical films, but here she seems terribly disappointed. The role was originally to be filled by June Allyson and Judy are definitely not able to fill the shoes of Margaret Sullavan's old part. Van Johnson also works in a rather bland performance like another set of Jimmy Stewart type. The wires never obtain Stewart / Sullavan's chemistry or even Hanks / Ryan's chemistry. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that knows (some of) the notes but not the music. It doesn't really seem to understand why the original worked and even felt the need to add another possible love to Van Johnson's character to complicate things unnecessarily. The Remake's substitution for the original cheat plot is a hackneyed plot unit that involves an invaluable violin. It is almost embarrassing to see and feel as though it had been lifted from an episode of Three's Company by a person with a DeLorean and a flux capacitor. It's really just an excuse for a Keaton talk. Even the great resolution scene between the romantic leaders is being abused. After watching both movies, you will understand why they called it 'The Lubitsch Touch' and NOT 'Robert Z. Leonard Touch'. <br /> <br /> Avoid this and reassemble either the original movie or one of Judy Garland's earlier films, unless you are an iconoclast who enjoys seeing a unique star falling on the ground.
