It's a little hard for me to say because I so much enjoy both "Goal" and "Paper Moon", but I thought "The Last Picture Show" was something fascinating, but too smug movie. Its main positive, as far as I'm concerned, is the amazing photograph. But for me, the film had nothing to offer besides superficial beauty (and some kind of hidden beauty). The signs were very difficult to relate to or to worry about. Basically, you had this very slow pace and this naturalistic style of acting, but it was all there to prepare a very formal and predictable story, complete with all the traps you would expect from any small town of melodrama - everything from the boy cheating his teacher wife for disabled child who everyone chooses. It was like "American graffiti" without the joy of life. Some may say that this movie is more realistic - today many people think that realism is the only virtue a movie can have. But for me the movie was simply oppressive, and I would like to see it again as bad as I would like to spend a few hours in the miserable city in which the characters live. Maybe this movie is really right in its time - maybe if I Had seen it in 1971, I would have been impressed with its novelty just by seeing something else on the screen. But it would basically assume that I had never seen anything like that, says Godard's "Breathless". Perhaps the obvious references to classic films would have appealed to the film's geek in me and helped me overlook some of the film's weaknesses. But in the post-Tarantino world, it hardly seems to be unique or special. It is interesting, although he uses the movies in the film to give his own film more depth. We see 3 movies that I remember in the photo show. First we see Vincente Minnellis "The Bride's Father" - Liz Taylor's exquisite look contrasts with Sonny's boyfriend and Minnellis studied upper middle class environmental contrast to the character's "real life" environment in a similar way. Later, clips from the Howard Hawks' "Red River" emphasize the theme of a broken friendship between a mentor and a protégé. It really reminds me that Bogdanovich kisses his own mentor's impulse, much as he did if I remember correctly by choosing a Hawks movie as part of his own screen reverie with Boris Karloff in "Goals". I assume in 1971 that this kind of thing was new, but today it just seems self-righteous, like so much of the rest of this movie. In the end, I'd rather watch another movie by Hawks, Ford or Minnelli than having Bogdanovich's movies remind us why they were so striking in such a less than subtle way. Maybe he intends to remind us of the giants whose time had passed - all he really does remind us of how small he and most of his contemporaries are in relationship.
