It shouldn't come as a shock to you when I say Alone in the Dark is a crazy movie. To put it all, it is as if a fungus defecated, ate the result and then vomited. The end product will still shadow this film. <br /> <br /> Apparently based on an old (!) Atari video game, the movie has something to do with a portal to the interior of the earth, the release of demons and ancient civilizations. Something about two worlds, darkness and light. (Guess who ours is.) Oh, and 10,000 years ago opened a truly super-deeper advanced civilization portal, demons came over and had a blast, so exterminated civilization. Therefore, we have never heard of them enough. <br /> <br /> Christian Slater, who may be on the heels of the honor and pumping up the volume, plays Edward Carnby, a paranormal researcher, to whom something bad happened when he was 10 years old. He is warm on the trail of one of the artifacts of the advanced civilization. Carnby used to be part of a secret institution called 713, who has tried to find out what happened to the long-standing civilization. But Carnby thought he couldn't find the answers he was looking for, so he left the group. <br /> <br /> But see, these beasties are out and they get their prey in different ways, such as kidding them, splitting them down in the middle, implanting neurological control units into them, or just making them to kill zombies. Yes, it's another zombie movie. <br /> <br /> It's about distilled, I can make the plot. It's pretty unnoticed and incomprehensible. In similar films, one can see the pristine scientist / adventurer find out things one step at a time, and when we the audience is mentally with the researcher, it is very fun. But when the scenes change from attack to attack without perspective or context ... not so funny. The play is horrible, save for Slater, who (although almost ashamed to be in movies) showed that he was able to carry the actor. He had to; get this - Tara Reid is cast as a museum consultant! Honestly to goodness, I thought I'd seen the cast of a lifetime when Denise Richards was cast as a nuclear physician in Tomorrow Never Dies. But Reid here matches Richard's, crappy feelings for crappy feelings. Highlights include Reid, who says "Newfoundland" as "New Fownd Land", Reid delivers most of her lines in a dazed, throaty monotone (like she had been on an all-night bender in the last week before the movie), Reid - a museum consultant, remember you - spend much of the movie in a midriff-bearing top and hip-hugger jeans. Oh yes, she was as trustworthy as Jessica Simpson gave stock prices. Oh, why should the beautiful be so stupid? (Note: I don't think Tara Reid is so nice. She looks like she has ever needed food.) Almost everyone else in the cast is completely forgettable, except perhaps for Steven Dorff, who played Burke, one of the leaders of 713. Dorff's character was not terribly well developed, but nothing in the film was from the sets of the characters of Tara Reid. But I go down. <br /> <br /> In any case, the confusing and utterly prehistoric story is big enough to accompany the movie moving at such a breakneck pace, but director Uwe Boll throws in a pounding, mind-deadening soundtrack; It's so loud that you can't hear what the actors say in some of the scenes! It can not be true. However, given the acting level, it may be thanks to Mr. Boll. <br /> <br /> Oh, and a funny note. The movie opening hours include storytelling ... of the words that creep across the screen at the same time. Remember the first Star Wars? You've heard the now known Star Wars theme while the prologue searched. There was probably no reason for narration; Why do I need some doofus to read what's on the screen for me? Were the producers simply looking for blind people? Perhaps it also explains why the soundtrack was so loud - they were also looking for hearing aids. Also, the narrator had inexplicably a lash for the first few lines in the creep - then lost it. Bizarre. <br /> <br /> Alone in the Dark is a tall, dopey mishmash of horrible plays, an incoherent script and him-handed directing. Hardly a note rings right. There is so much chaos that the audience simply cares for the characters and the roots of their death. Even in the dark, the demonic creatures seem cooler and much more developed in comparison. Ironically, as there were only three others in the theater, I saw this Alone in the Dark. I wonder if Uwe Boll planned it that way? I can't quite give this the lowest rating because I had hope for it initially - and because it never caught me enough to get it working. It's horrible, though Slater releases itself a little.
