We should all congratulate Uwe Boll. He has made the unthinkable. He may be the only instructor to have two movies at bottom 100 on IMDb! He is like a kind of cinematic cockroach. No matter how small his talent is, and no matter how bad these movies are, he manages to keep making them. I know he is financing them all himself through a kind of bizarre German fund, but yet his ability to continue making films despite absolute, complete failure is one of the great mysteries of the universe. <br /> <br /> It wouldn't be that bad, except video game developers continue to give their best features to this guy. I really enjoyed the Alone in the Dark series of games. Even the latest, the new nightmare, was good for a few hours of play. There was a good movie to be made out of Edward Carnby's adventure, but it's not. Now Uwe Boll has got his hands on Bloodrayne and Hunter: The Reckoning. What's next, Silent Hill? Doom? I can only imagine that this guy should cut through game-to-movie adjustments if he's not stopped. Someone has to remove their credit line, or these video game publishers have to show up and realize that when making a bad movie out of a game that kills the franchise, no one is interested in that title anymore. <Br /> <br /> Think about it, House of the Dead or Alone in the Dark is a viable game title anymore? No way. A new House of the Dead game is coming out of the X-Box and no one is going to break. The title is dead and all because of Uwe Boll. So if any of you out there work for a game publisher or know a game publisher or have access to a game publisher ... please warn them. <br /> <br /> This movie is not even worth reviewing. I can't separate what I didn't like about this pile of fertilizer from the rest of it. Literally, everything sucks about it. The script, the play, the music, the CG effects, the editing. I thought if I waited until it came out on DVD and then rented it with low expectations, I would not be disappointed. Boy, was I wrong. Never underestimate Uwe's ability to exhibit a large, steaming pile of BOLL sh * t.
