There should be a rule that clearly states that movies like Resident Evil must be made in the spirit of the game, not in a spirit of blowing up anything. RE was a survival fear game and an astonishingly effective one on the other hand, but Paul WS Anderson managed to do it like any other video game movie that would come together. Alone in the Dark is essentially the same form of a spirit as Resident Evil, so of course there is a little hope that the director will be able to get enough piece of brain to make a horror movie and not an action movie. Instead, Alone in the Dark just proves that there is no longer any hope that video games will become movies. The plot, although obviously not meant to do anything, is the biggest of many problems. with the movie. The movie starts with what can only be described as five-minute rolling text, which may or may not be important. After a minute, the audience does not pass by worrying and just sitting by hitting the rest that hits the object closest to them. Then there is something about an orphanage, some objects, an old tribe, some bureaucracy, and some demons, all of which are as combed as the viewers really can't follow what's going on. Characters move in and out of the plot as candy, some have enormous structures for meaningless deaths. Basically, I can understand that some demons have been released, and Edward Carnby (Slater) has a link to them thanks to an operation given to children in his orphanage that has failed him. He finds an artifact that involves the demons and brings it to an ex-girlfriend anthropologist (Reid), who of course manages to have sex right away without good reason. So out of it all, hell goes loose, and the couple ends up with a military team led by a rave chief (Dorff), who apparently has a common hatred for Carnby. It's quite ridiculous, and the reason I don't really understand it is not just because it's complicated and jumbled, but it doesn't make any room for anyone to really care. Instead, I strongly recommend that if you are watching this movie, take a tennis ball or something to record yourself when the plot manages to confuse you. <br /> <br /> The action scenes in a movie with a plot as terrible as this should at least bring it up a little, right? Too bad, this movie is like any other broken crap ever made, with enough quick cuts to pay tribute to a coop of chickens. Considering that this is based on a horror game, not an action game, it is particularly annoying. <br /> <br /> The first action scene with a man chasing Cranby from a taxi is among the worst I have ever witnessed, and the rest is not that great either. The demons look a little tough, although the fact that they turn into powder when they are killed removes all that effect. Scenes involving lots of weapons that need to be cool to see instead involve nasal fire as the only source of light and camera zooming and panning faster than the head of a crack addict. It's all the kind of fittings that cause crap that keeps the kids in bed at night. <br /> <br /> The play is what I like to call to take actors and not make them do anything. Slater does nothing but it is important for the whole movie, though he seems to have more talent than he is about to do. The same goes for Dorff, who has a unrelenting role, even though he actually has some talent (something that has happened to him much). Reid is pretty much exactly what she should be, background grinning, as when she tries to act, it's a disaster (as is the incredibly poor scientist she has at the beginning). In all, this is the type of movie that worries me about future video game movies. If they continue to destroy the spirit like this, it is only a matter of time before Samus Aran kills Middle Eastern with an AK-47, and Tommy Vercetti is struggling with an Eskadrant of foreigners. Unlike Resident Evil, this does not deserve another chance as I do not think anything can help me forget how horrible this movie is. It is boring, uninteresting and unexciting. This is the film equivalent of diarrhea; It is completely thrown together, nothing really fits and in the end you are just glad it is over. TOTAL: 4%
