Seriously, what did they think? Over the years, the Columbo series has tried some new things and derived away from the usual successful formula, but this movie really exaggerates it. This movie is basically very different from any other Columbo movie, but the differences are not for the movie's good. The main theme, which of course makes this movie different from any other Columbo movie, is the fact that there is no murder committed. The whole premise of this movie is completely different, and it places the Columbo character in a completely different environment and situation. Also the parent is just completely different and more 'modernized'. Director Alan J. Levi has previously made other Columbo films, all of which were very much in the usual formula. It also makes it a strange choice that he was picked to lead this movie. The Columbo character himself also feels completely different, perhaps because of the reason he is placed in a completely different environment and situation when he helps out his nephew after his bride disappeared just after the wedding. The absence of any good-soothing and brand-name Columbo humor does not make it as good as a good or comfortable watch. Honestly, the movie has not started too badly, but the film is becoming increasingly ridiculous with its history as it progresses. It's such a stupid written kidnapping thriller with a story that is starting to become more and more unlikely. It also makes the movie more and more unmatched. This is a very small interesting Columbo post, which also doesn't really entertain its viewers in any way. It also doesn't help much that the supporting actors aren't the most talented around. Despite the fact that his character is set in a completely different situation, and the film is shot in such a completely different style, Peter Falk still keeps well and his presence still saves this film. Can you just see how this movie would have been without him? It would have been an extremely poor and ridiculous movie I can tell you. <br /> <br /> An odd Columbo post that can be described as a mistaken experiment that differs from the usual formula. <br /> <br /> 4/10
