I usually start by reproducing the premise of the movie, but before anyone makes quick reviews of my review, let me preface it by saying that I am someone who likes most movies (just check my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a film by director Uwe Boll, whose film just before this was House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark it was also a movie adaptation of a video game. Almost everyone hated it. Well, I loved it. I even gave it a 10 out of 10! My point about specifying this (which will probably turn off some readers right away) is that if I hated Alone in the Dark myself, there must be something wrong with it. <br /> <br /> The premise: Who am I making fun? Attempting to provide the premise for this movie is about as easy as trying to balance the US budget, but here it goes. Some archaeologists discovered signs of some lost American Indian tribes. The Indian tribe had apparently discovered some means to break the "other world" which was vicious. The bad things wiped them out, but not until they could lock the door to the evil world and throw the key. Later, some researchers / government scientists who had experimented with the paranormal, and specifically this strain, decided to experiment with some children to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the other world. (Believe it or not - all up to this point and then some are told us in a written prologue to the movie - it's just white text that rolls over a black screen with a voice-over and reads it to us). Then there was something about the kids being in an orphanage, but the government takes them back, and then a lot of people are looking for archaeological relics, and there are super people roaming around, and a bunch of military people being called in and over and over again. . <br /> <br /> In fact, the exhibition never stops. It's like a neverending backstory from hell. There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 movies, maybe 25. But not one of them is presented in a coherent way to create a good movie. In addition to the mysterious lost Indian tribe and superhuman, we also get monsters that resemble a cross between Alien and a werewolf, worms that invade your body and become snake-like aliens, underground tunneling worms, zombies, Starship Trooper-like wars evil scientists, underground laires, gold mines, creepy warehouses, impalements, vast most unused museums, government conspiracies, golden trunks pulled out of the sea, nuns, explosions, complex backstabbing plots, a very ambiguous romance, car gates, kitchen sinks. . . Wait, I can't remember if the last one was in the movie. Even more amazing (entertaining?), In Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson was quoted as saying, "We spend a lot more time on history and are very careful about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark a "smarter movie". <br /> <br /> Let me not mislead anyone. A lot of things above may sound yummy to the potential audience for this movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. I usually had no idea what setting the relationship was to another setting, why we were there or what someone was doing (at least when each scene began). It's just a random mishmash of options and clichés as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat and pulled them out as lottery numbers. So when he was finished, he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the movie using dice and then re-install it by throwing I Ching. Sometimes the movie plays like an expanded director's reel (which is a combination of short, varied, unrelated scenes that directors circulate to try to get a job), but perhaps it's too generous. I'm not sure Boll would work if it were his reel. <br /> <br /> Like I usually like most movies, I tend to like most actors and most performances. It is very rare that I say a performance was poor. Well, Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm one who usually likes Reid. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they just move her around the set as a plug. They might as well have just bought a blow-up doll. It would have saved them money they could have used for some cgi ghosts and vampires in the castle and cemetery settings. Perhaps they chose to move her around like a beautiful piece of driftwood after they had seen the daisies of his mumbling nonsense dialogue in a monotone normally reserved for entertaining son-in-law. <br /> <br /> Talking about the dialogue, playing very alone in the dark as a Godzilla movie without Godzilla. Thus, I think it is very pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gook. At least in Godzilla movies there is a campsite for it because they know how ridiculous it is and there is a big payout because we see that Godzilla destroys the center and struggles with a gigantic gnaw of radioactive death bars that shoot from the eyes or something. <br /> <br /> What Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater do here, besides persuading and filing lawsuits against their agents, is hard to say. I can't say I thought anyone in the movie had a decent performance, though maybe Slater at least saw the cigar. I think it's unprecedented for me. I still didn't give this movie a 1. There was some competent cinematography, even though Boll and Schwadel made meat out of it, and the hard rock was over the final credits were good. Heck, even the novelette prologue was not that bad. I actually thought the movie had a promise at the time. But it may just be the worst movie I've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
