True, there are many movies much worse than this movie. This movie was not Manos: the Fandees Hands or Troll 2 (yes, I've seen them both twice), but at the same time, this movie is no stranger, Predator or even Alien Vs. Predator (Yes, even that movie surpassed this). Movies like this make Battlefield Earth look like a Star Wars, it's so bad. Razzie Awards looking out, your biggest competition has just come into theaters. This movie I'm talking about is, of course, Alone in the Dark. I will try to take a step-by-step process as to why this movie was so bad. Acting-I will first start with what might be the best component of this movie (next to the final credits that played 'Wish I Had An Angel', the actor. Christian Slater must be proud of himself, he has successfully proven that it is possible to act decently in a movie worse than drinking antifreeze, although all his terrible dialogue he had to speak, it made me wonder why he just did not go away from the set halfway. Because Stephen Dorff was also in the movie (someone he wants him to be, but fails) Tara Reid is a bad actress but good-looking, and that's all that really matters in movies like these. not to say that the play was perfect, but it was average, not good, and maybe the only thing in the movie not good. <br /> <br /> Soundtrack-except "Wish I Had An Angel", the soundtrack is pointless and bad heavy medal gets pumped into viewers ears, maybe d in explaining the horrible story (something I will soon come to). A long and very expensive 2 CD audio track is now for sale for them musically challenged. The Executive Director-directed by Hollywood's favorite director Uwe Ball, who led us to the classic House of the Dead. Telling us "Yes, movies can get it bad and it's just the beginning of my deadly saga of horrible movies". At least it is said to be conducted by Uwe Ball. Without being told, I would have guessed that a monkey was kidnapped from the Congo, brought here and forced to comment on how to punish the film for being shocked. The director of photography was probably a camcorder wallpaper on a skateboard and pushed forward until it hit a wall. On the scenes where the camera must remain quiet, it moves constantly so that it does not allow us to stop anywhere, and when moving in action, the camera stops for some reason. <br /> <br /> Producing is stupid enough to put money in the direction of this bomb? I apologize for the fool ... sometimes. Sometimes I am glad that he or she was taught such a lesson to never put money into waste worse than the dog food bound in a bag. Writing / Storyboard trying to analyze the story is more painful so tightening an ice cube under a big toe and kicking a football as hard as I possibly could with it right after, but I still want to try it. <br /> <br /> Edward Carnby escapes as a child from an orphanage where 20 children, where they are going to undergo science. He escapes and hides in an electrical outlet where he is electrocuted (that's the point where it got so bad I started laughing out loud). Then it is accelerated many years later when he is a paranoia detective. He is attacked by a zombie who cannot be killed, kills it and continues with life. Later he is attacked by a crazy looking monster and he discovers secrets that no one else knows. <br /> <br /> Yes, the reason is bad, really really bad. The film is about to expect that we read about. 10 minutes, which felt like 100 random text about an unhealthy civilization called Abskani. The film does not go to have a twist after the other, more than the audience can cope, more than the audience wants to cope, more than the audience could ever care about. This story is bound badly, that even Double Dragon does better. <br /> <br /> All in all, miss this movie. I gave it a 1 out of 10, but that's because there are not 0.
