This movie just goes to prove that not all movies made under Hollywood's glory are worth seeing. Just because you have an excellent ensemble cast does not mean that this can overcome a script that was probably written by a chimpanzee! Think about it - the movie featured Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart, yet it was still a bad movie! The basic prerequisite for the movie is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital where the staff is more turned up than the patients! Also the subplot with the overworked man and wife (Widmark and Graham) had many promises. However, the manuscript was handled with a rich buffalo sophistication and divide - with bellicose and way over the top scenes over and over in the movie. In fact, it was less like a drama and more like a very bad episode of "General Hospital". Subtle, this movie is not !! Realistic, this movie is not !! <br /> <br /> While the main reason for this movie reeked was the horrible script, but I also blamed the producers for miscasting and abuse, veteran actors too. For example, Paul Stewart cannot be a household name, but this character actor has exceptional talent - especially when playing gangster in film Noir movies. But here Stewart is cast as a very rude psychiatrist with a bizarre European accent - it just didn't work as it was well beyond his acting and his character was completely undeveloped and one-dimensional. Also, Charles Boyer just seemed hopelessly disappointed and completely out of place. Seeing this fine romantic actor as a psychiatrist in the heart of America just seemed bizarre. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a pretty horrible movie. It is very visible in a kind of train wreck, but it is certainly not very beautiful. My wife and I did not like much of the movie, but also felt that it could have been very good if the writing was competent. PS - In an art case, Oscar Levant imitates one of the patients. In real life, the glorious Levant spent much of his life in and out of mental institutions.
