First of all, I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the Dutch folklore story of the ghost ship, also called THE FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this movie you do not see a single sailboat. You will not see seafarers, ghosts or anything externally exciting. It's not the story of the ghost ship, and I wish they'd announced it in the main credits, or I wouldn't have seen it because I really thought it was the movie of the legend. It seems that many people think that the movie has to do with the legend of the ghost ship when the movie is listed on the Wikipedia page for the "Flying Dutchman" legend ... I don't understand why. Perhaps it is based on the similar legend called "The Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they just adapted the worst parts of the legend? The movie begins with a battle sequence that will let anyone hope the movie will have battle scenes. Unfortunately, it's the only battle scene in the movie. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krank in Lost Children's City) for about two seconds, and that would let anyone hope the film will have a good play. Unfortunately, he is very poor in the film. The same can be said of Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of Italy's best actors ever, and who here is doomed to embody a crazy birdwatcher without any history whose sole purpose is to be the "wise man" of the movie . And boy, does the movie need wisdom! Every other character of the story seems to enjoy swimming in excrement, shouting, torturing others (in excrement), caressing (in excrement) or putting in excrement some more just for the fun of it. It seems so fun that every character of the story causes his or her to be dumped in stools at one point or another. From a Dutch director, you may think that extreme agility and shockingly real dirt are necessary elements for some time, elements that help make the Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood", such a great movie. The idea of ​​"Meat + Blood" would let someone hope that a movie would be equally dirty and visually straightforward. Unfortunately, and unlike "Meat + Blood", there is no dramatic progression, no fighting, no good acting and simply no "flesh and blood". The shooting that the opening sequence unfolds is well done and enticing. This too stops very early in the film. The music, from Nicola Piovani (of "La vità e bella" fame) is repetitive and annoying when it is not irrelevant (it sometimes means that there is greatness in a sequence while the actors are spraying in liquid dung). Throughout the film's first "action", which lasts less than an hour (!), The movie takes place within the same perimeter that surrounds the farm where the protagonists live. The characters play with excretion much, drown in it, play in it. A long period goes through many ellipses that allow the protagonist, a young boy who loves to play in excrement, to get older and play more in disguise. The bird person speaks a lot to say silly things in Italian. Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused and takes hours to happen. Then there is another act called "the ship" where we see what could have been a ship long ago, but what is left of a ship (covered with excrement, did I mention?). The main character, as you walk a little further away from the farm, just happens to run into it and decide it's really cool, so let's live on it. The Hunchback, who lived in it, tries to kill him, but he doesn't mind because (I mention?) He's not much light. He thinks the ship can navigate and hopes to sail on it until several conquistadors show up (at least they seemed to be conquistadors because of Don Quixote style hats, but as I have said it is really confused who is who), makes the dutchman a prisoner along with the delayed hunchback, and they burn the ship to the ground. The last part of the movie, which is really hard to bear for the spectator, because it just consists of even more carving with even more retarded middle-aged farmers struggling in it, takes place in a crazy asylum. Even more torture and drowning each other with stools. Even more loitering to the director, who seems to have certainly given up on his job, or passed on to another crew's assistant to do the rest of the job. Eventually, many of the mentally challenged new "friends" who the Dutchman died. The woman, he had sex with whom his brother's wife began, trying to get him to meet his son. The Dutchman and his son speak. The movie ends after two hours of dungy pictures and calamitous plays and technical performances. Then, the role of the circulator and the spectator falls tremendously free from having to see vicious films without a plot pretending to be exciting as legendary fantasy films, whereas they are merely a mere catalog of how many excrement some movies can get when they do not enough funding powers to put battles in place or even horses.
