There are a few previous comments here that arise about this flick's compelling clichés throughout - and I totally agree with both the characters and the dialogue. I would read about Elizabeth Berkly's horrible performance in the equally terrible "Showgirls" that I have never seen - and her performance here, but not horrible, is hardly up to the standards of Lifetime's worse fare. There was not a depth of her character, but then it probably should not have been. If that were the case, it would have put the film out of balance, as there was no depth or depth of charisma - no trace - in any character, performer or depiction. <br /> <br /> The manager's handling of Liz's original complaint after her tutee had kissed her in the hall was ridiculous. Her husband's original reaction and advice was likewise (Forrest Gump attacked Jenny's girlfriend in her car gave a more realistic, intelligent act, and hell he was mentally challenged). The clever, sinister lawyer (excuse the redundancy) Father of the false student actually did something worthy of praise in his performance: he was both ridiculous and thoroughly annoying at the same time, nothing mediocre. Her lawyer was more of an insensitive geek, not even unknown in the profession. Finally (and frankly, I rather enjoy this part), the police were such a collection of insensitive oafs that you would rather rely on Barney Fife, without Andy, to handle all law enforcement and investigation in your community. I know that the most real cops fall slightly below the sharpness, intelligence and empathy of the level shown by most signs of the "Law and Order" series and the like - but hidden at this level seems to be a staple on "Lifetime . " Finally, I found some sort of "story in a story" fascination with Josh's fusion that he was the "victim" of his teacher. This written performance in history was even worse than his overall performance in the main story. This was one of a performance like going from "F" to "F-minus." <br /> <br /> This entire lame situation should have been solved - in real life - in about 15 minutes after a realistic meeting between teacher and school authorities, with the man involved. But then it would have excluded the coveted drama and left an hour of shiny film in the camera. <br /> <br /> But the author (s) here appeared with their end, they could do even worse. When the situation was finally "solved" and "corrected", it was achieved in about 45 seconds without specifying what action might have taken place in a "real-world" context for the offender and his parents or whether they could have been able to find some way towards redemption. <br /> <br /> This is a 2 * presentation; the other "*" because it has some mild "fascination".
