Is there something going on in this movie that is NOT predictable? I do not think. Basically, the movie is cliché after cliché and really comes nothing ever as a surprise. This makes the film extremely predictable, and therefore the film lacks serious tension. So for a thriller it is not tense and unpredictable enough, but also as a drama it is a failure. This is because the film's story is very unlikely. I think it can never happen in real life, just like the events in this movie. So the film has a real tension and credibility problem. <br /> <br /> But it's really the clichés that killed the movie. It was sometimes cringing things. Everything is so formal in this movie. The predator is portrayed as a cool heartless, almost psychopathic as a sexual frustrated boy and the victim as a naive young woman, who seems like she didn't see any of this. Everything that happened in the movie was so obvious and everything seemed to happen for a reason. Such as the order in which the "predator" solves the "victims" broken car. It must be one of the oldest clichés out of the book. I knew what the movie was trying to achieve after that point. I tried to look as if the teacher and the student were actually growing towards each other through the eyes of the other people around them. It was so incredibly clear and inexpensive that I would almost stop watching the movie after that time. The movie is filled with moments like these. <br /> <br /> The title may indicate that this is a cheap porn movie, but it is actually a sappy made for television movie. This means that everything goes slow and the film spends half its time on character development and unnecessary sub-points to make the movie even more dramatic. <br /> <br /> I admit that Elizabeth Berkley is pretty good acting in this movie. She does some of the clichés and events even look almost realistic at times. Her Hollywood career is as good as over after being shown in the Paul Verhoeven movie "Showgirls", so unfortunately she will probably only appear in film and TV shows like this one. It's a waste of her talent, and she probably deserves better. All the other signs are a disappointment. Corey Sevier plays the cliché that is beautiful 'impenetrable' rich boy, and the way the protagonist's man is portrayed is even worse. He looks more like a sexually frustrated predator than the real predator of the movie. He basically tries to have sex with his wife in every order. He wakes up, he wants sex. Before going to bed, he wants sex. He comes home, he wants sex. It may be a realistic thing, but I don't know, it just doesn't feel like a movie like this and the story in general. A cliché filled movie and I can't think of For any reason why anyone should ever watch this movie. It is predictable and therefore lacks excitement and credibility. Not a "horrible" movie, and it's certainly a clever at times, but all the weak and cliché elements in the movie also make it far from a recommendable one. <br /> <br /> 4/10
