That same evening, as I looked at this, I also looked at "Scary Movie 4", which enabled a messed up double function. Unfortunately, they couldn't live up to the ridiculous tomatoes that are scary movie franchise. As I struggled sadly, jokes that were stupid and stupid, brutally dated and brutally bad, the newer parody had me laughing loudly. How could I want more than that. Director John De Bello uses the basic premise that a kind of growth hormone has gone terribly wrong and transformed the tomatoes into killers. But his main goal is to turn around the disaster movie genre that was so great back in the day. The script series of stoner humor, and perhaps if you take illegal drugs with your movie nights, can be your cup of tea. I, sober, got stuck and looked at an adult man going under cover like tomato. And the one joke, it's never fun where the disagreement between the Japanese-speaking actor and the voice over is also here. Some may giggle, I didn't. They even had a Hitler joke that wasn't fun, and I thought all Hitler jokes were fun. <br /> <br /> The story of this movie is so fragmented (without good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes kill people, the government is trying to stop it, bad jokes are told. Their goals may have been correct as their goals include media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Oddly enough, the biggest selling point for this movie, these gosh darn tomatoes, doesn't really make much appearance. And when they do, they are played by real tomatoes. The rinsed gimmick didn't do anything for me as I get a little out of seeing a pack of tomatoes consuming a body thanks to the magic of stop action camera tricks. There is also a fear of breaking into work here that prevents this movie from being really fun. The guess of letting someone fall asleep in almost every scene likes some audience members, but more than likely it will be seen as an invitation to join the fun. <br /> <br /> I also add that there seems to be some old-fashioned human selfishness at work here. You eat tomato and it's dinner, tomato eats man, and it's a worldwide disaster. But that's just the way the world works. In the film, the products become evil due to genetic modification, but in the real world our products (see: Taco Bell) become evil thanks to neglect. And just as the evil ones make green onions expire the film's durability long ago. There are a few good chuckles to have. The last shot was really pretty, but it wasn't nearly enough to save this moderate stink bomb. I'm pretty sure there's a good movie buried deep within this concept, but the script had to be filtered through a dozen rewrites to get there. And by "there" I mean the level of "Scary Movie 4." ** 1/4
