If you are a self-knowing acquaintance with cult cinema and / or poor film production, does a certain point of life come? preferably sooner than later ?? that you should see "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". It is an inevitable security, as this is one of the most infamous cult films ever made. However, a small but important detail is that "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is deliberately horrible. Right from the opening announcement, which is already mocking Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds", this is clearly a zero-budget parody, and I can't escape the impression that author / director John De Bello never expected his movie to be a hit. The film spoofs the modern popular trend of so-called "eco-horror" films (plants, animals and nature generally in rebellion against humanity) and introduces the least threatening type of vegetable that can be imagined as unworthy killers. A secret governmental agricultural project to produce larger and more tasteful tomatoes goes horribly wrong, and soon there are reports of tomato attacks coming from all over the country. The president puts together a Special Forces team to fight the juicy enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific areas of expertise and scientists with horrendously baptized voices. The first half hour of "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is very entertaining. As stupid as it is the sight of normally shaped vegetables jumping up from the sink and attacking hysterical housewives, are completely original and fun. The first half hour also includes many memorable moments such as the captivating theme song, the "Jaws" greeting and the infamous unforeseen helicopter crash (see the trivia section for more details) that made it the last chop. Then the whole thing becomes a boring, unstructured, and insufficiently amateurish mess. The quality level of the jokes goes from fresh and inventive to embarrassing and fair, not fun, and there are too many characters and sub-areas. Personally, in the late 80s and early 90s, I prefer followers (which I saw before I saw the original), because they enjoy slightly better production values, incredibly over-the-top tomato special effects and the presence of veteran actor John Astin ("The Addams Family") as the mad scientist Dr. Gangreen. But as mentioned earlier, the original remains inexplicably the obligatory imagery at some point in your life.
