Well, I couldn't even have this movie much for its cult values. It is a B-movie action-flick, by the director of "Commando", however, it is too lame and silly to regard it as a good B-movie with a good entertainment value in it. It is a '90s flick but first and foremost, the film must be reminiscent of an' 80s action movie, as these types of B-movies were at all times high. These films always went over-the-top and never put much emphasis on their story or play. It was about blowing things up, big muscle herbs and bullets flying around. This movie has all these ingredients in it, yet I really didn't like watching this movie as much as I like to see some similar movie types. Hard to say why really, since history and play and such are just as bad as it would be in virtually any other genre movie from the same era. That's probably because the film is often far too stupid. All these movie types have their silly moments, but this movie is just filled with it. The fighting, Dolph Lundgren runs around in the shirtless, the characters, the story. The whole thing is just not so good because it is often just too low for words. The story sometimes doesn't even try to make a little sense, and what's even the most important plot line in the overall movie? Its history is really real and seems only to be written to make a movie out of battle sequences, gunfights and such. And these sequences are not even very good to see really. The moments are far too short and quite disappointing to look right at from the man who brought us "Commando". It is first and foremost a Dolph Lundgren, where he gets to play the big action hero star, who kicks ass with apparent relative ease, knows how to handle weapons and other weapons and of course also gets the girl, played by Tia Carrere. All of this also brings us to one of the worst mounting sequences in action movie history and also certainly one of the worst sex sequences I've seen in any movie really. Both are just for lame for words and just very poorly composed. None of the characters really train. The good guys are the police, but they never seem to behave like one. They simply kill without having to be responsible for anyone and they are not very keen on arrest or to inform anyone of their discoveries. Not once when they find out about a large Japanese crime syndicate, they are trying to take over L.A.'s streets, and a beer brewery works as a cover for a drug factory and large-scale drug smuggling. And just think about it for a moment, what is Brandon Lee's overall purpose in the movie? The movie could easily have done without him and the girl as well. <br /> <br /> Too stupid, lame and simplistic and just not entertaining enough. <br /> <br /> 4/10
