*** Warning - this review contains "plot spoilers", though nothing could "destroy" this movie more than it already is. It's really that bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I begin, I would like to tell everyone that this is definitely one of those incredibly bad movies that is scary. If you are in a noisy mood and need a very heartfelt laugh, this is the movie for you. Now without further ado, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a trading box at Wal-Mart. It should be the first idea how good a movie it is. Secondly, it is the star Dolph Lundgren who is the star action. It should be the second part of how good a movie it is. I'm still shocked that it was even put on DVD (who would waste their money on such a thing?) But, as you might imagine, there are no extra or bonus recordings on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; The movie just starts playing. First, the author of this movie deserves to be tortured and killed. It has one of the worst scripts ever written and plagued with horrible enliners; remarkably incredible, false dialogue; and inappropriate comments (like Lee's comment on Lundgren's. err. manhood, which I will mention later). There is not a single sincere sound line throughout the movie. The dialogue and plot go hand in hand, like the manuscript and draw both progress in a completely nonsensical way. The two policemen hate each other for no apparent reason in the beginning, and then again for no reason, Lee draws character to the side of the road, runs to the other side of the car and says, "I'm not going to leave you alone, because, in spite of myself, I like you! And I don't want to see you being killed! 'or something to the point, anyway. There are disgusting one-liners, most of all by Lee. a bad guy, says Lee: "You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to be dead! 'Finally, I would like to mention the totally inappropriate and indecent comment that Lee makes on Lundgren's netherlands. When bad people begin to attack after a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his underwear, Lee says to him: "If we die, I would just tell you that you have the biggest cock I ever have looked at a guy. 'Yes, he actually says. It makes no sense and is not even possible (Lee never actually sees Lundgren naked, so how would he know it?), but the author threw it into the script anyway. Looks like some kind of action video game, and Lee even admits. After Lee and underwear-only Lundgren defeat all these bad guys, Lee makes a comment that is also really beautiful: "Wow, it's like a video game; we just defeated the first wave! 'Second, the plot of this movie is contemptible. In my opinion, it is mainly because it just doesn't exist. The trailer for this movie - which IMDb has available to see, by the way - sounds like the movie is about two policemen trying to stop the Japanese Yakuza from taking over Lost Angeles. However, this is very misleading as the film has nothing to do with it at all. They make very short, unclear references to Yakuza, who tries to start a methamphetamine business with local drug traffickers, but the whole movie ACTUALLY concerns a poorly written attempt by Kenner (Lundgren's character) to avenge the death of his parents, like the Yakuza leader ( named Yoshida) killed when he was only 9 years old. The whole plot can basically be summed up as this: Yoshida will have Kenner dead, Kenner will have Yoshida dead, and the two will try to kill each other. And of course, Kenner's sarcastic sidekick (named Johnny and the game of Brandon Lee) seems like an ignorant idiot, and Tia Carrere gets naked. twice. <br /> <br /> The action is one of the worst parts of the whole movie. The dialogue is so unrealistic, and their utterly eerie portrayal of it emphasizes this even more. You expect unfortunate action from action stars, but in this movie some of the most unthinkable bad plays ever recorded. Finally, we come to the core of the film's baseness: the fluttering bad action. There are so many astonishingly bad, unrealistic action sequences in this movie, it is just plain impressive that they managed to fit them all in. Although Lee also has his fair share of bad scenes, most of it involves the really horrible act of Lundgren. Eg. Takes Lundgren four or five Kung Fu badger one-handed, without wasting his tea. Then Lundgren jumped when it was surprised by a speed car. Or how, when he reaches a closed door, grabs the villain on the other, pulls him back through the door and strikes him up? Or when he picks up Tia Carrere, he gently (not driving) backwards through a glass door that crushes him and jumps down to a storey height with Tia still in his arm, to first lift a whole car without the slightest effort and user it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? All the shameless warfare is also horrible, with Lundgren and Lee killing any evil loved ones immediately, while the bullets from their fifty attackers never seem to hit any of them. It is of course until the final battle scene in the movie. Lundgren is shot shiny in his glossy chest in a region that, although failed to miss his heart, would immediately begin to fill lungs with blood and kill him within seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in top class and manages to celebrate it in the middle of a parade with Yoshida, the evil super villain. And of course, they carry passers-by in the parade, dressed as samurai, genuine, fully-sharp criminals who the two use to swear battle. Now, apart from his bullet wound, Lundgren gets several deep slices in his chest and arms. Does it stop him? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds later after killing the evil Yoshida (which is pointed to a dartboard-like wheel and then bursts into flames for no reason), Lundgren randomly goes with Tia and Lee as if he were not at all injured. God, it's terrible. All of these factors then blend in with a completely unnecessary, free naked scene every five minutes, including topless women at a party, shouting a topless woman, women in a strip club, naked women at a Japanese spa, and the pointless hot tub and love scene with Tia. Not to mention the trip to the bizarre sushi bar where rich Japanese men eat sushi out of naked women. On the other hand, asking Lee to say with very false enthusiasm that he and Lundgren, after defeating the bad ones, will eat fish out of the bare chickens! Which of course is followed by a disruptive high five. And we can't forget the horrible editing as when the bad guys crush a man caught in a car in a rubbish place, and the editors left a real obvious glimpse of a shock absorber. The credits also contain a huge list of stunt workers, which means that a lot of action probably wasn't made by the movie stars after all. <br /> <br /> Finally, this movie repeatedly removes itself with brazen badness. It is illogical and impossible, and as a result remarkably entertaining. If you're looking for any kind of thought-provoking movie theater, this movie will make you die. If you are looking for a good laugh and a good time fooling on bad movie production, this movie will delight you. As a real movie I will deserve this movie a 0.5 out of 10. However, as an entertaining way to waste an hour and eighteen minutes, this beauty takes the cake.
