The fun sound you may hear when you eyeball this execrable version of Jules Verne's classic "Journey to Earth Center" is Verne's spinning in his grave. The only thing about this 80 minute opus that has something to do with "Journey to Earth Center" is the title. Otherwise everything else in this defective production is new and not worth seeing. In fact, the director has written here on IMDb.COM that he only instructed eight minutes of "Journey to Earth Center" and the study on part of "Dollman" heals Albert Pyun's successor to his own "Alien from L.A." with Kathy Ireland. Undoubtedly, the producers went out of money and fulfilled overseas contractual obligations, grafting Pyun's successor to director Rusty Lemorand's film. Please rent or buy this miserable waste collection. <br /> <br /> Unlike the director Henry Levin's piece "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, Lemorande's "Journey to the Center of the Earth" takes place in contemporary times in Hawaii. Two fellows, a British nanny and a dog gather for a life's adventure purely by chance. Richard (Paul Carafotes of "Blind Date") and his cartoon obsessed brother Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith from "Weird Science") are exploring a cave. Heroine, Crystina (Nicola Cowper from "Underworld"), works for a household service called 'Nannies R Us.' Being a nanny has been Crystina's lifelong dream, but she has made fewer of all five of her nanny jobs. Nevertheless, her sympathetic tutor, Mrs Ferry (Lynda Marshall from "Africa Express") sends her to Hawaii. Crystina's new client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley from "Doomsday"), who is planning a final concert to revive her flag career, has a dog named Bernard. Foul wants Crystina to take Bernard to a doggie day spa. Crystina is waiting for the arrival of her taxi when a careless attendant randomly puts the basket hiding Bernard in Richard's jeep. You see, Foul has hidden his dog in a basket because the engine management strictly prohibits pets on their premises. Foul has disguised the dog as a human baby. Anyway, Crystina catches a cab and tells the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> When she catches up with them to get her dog, cabbie crawls away and surrenders her. Crystina requires Richard to drive her back to town, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina connects with the boys, and they are lost and then find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state controlled by a dictator, in the middle of Earth. Atlantis ruler repeatedly informs their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our hero and heroine stumbled upon Atlantis quite by accident. Atlantis looks like a disco, and everyone looks like they're out of a punk rock opera. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of "Operation Hit Squad") orchestrates a raid on the surface with clones of the first human, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland, "Required Roughness") to visit Atlantis. Predictably, General Rykov machinations fail to rule Atlantis and overthrow the earth, and our heroes and heroine save the day. "Travel to the center of the earth" is an abomination. The movie seems to be a comedy despite its superficial satire on dictatorships. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite low budget action directors, but he blew it on this lightweight shambles of a science fiction story.
