The journey to the center of the earth is the story of some tourists in Hawaii, three of them siblings, and one of them a young British nanny who sleeps a dog. When siblings accidentally drive in their jeep with the basket of dog cages, the nanny follows them (it could just have been safer to buy more) right up to the cave, which siblings intended to explore (I guess). For some reason, they actually go into the cave, and when they start clapping, they try to get out in no way, except for the six-year-old sister whom they tell for help. Meanwhile, the more they move around the cave, the more they continue to pump farther and farther toward the earth's hollow core. And see, this is where they find Atlantis town and its bizarre alien habitats that live under the oppressive rule of a stranger who doesn't want them to ask many questions about the outside world for their own. <br /> <br /> I see Rusty Lemorande, the named movie director commenting on this movie, explaining that part of the latter half of this movie is actually the sequel to Alien in LA. Well, no matter what it was, an incredibly cheap movie, which I would only rate a little higher than City Limits (a 1988 sci-fi movie also made on a non-existent budget), because at least the end of this Terrible piece of most unruly movie production that cuts corners it can aim for some humor and entertainment in the last 20 minutes when we finally see what life is like in the alien world in the center of Earth. I also give it a two star rating rather than one because at times it was fun, even though it was only in its subtleties. For example, foreigners ask the British girl if she is a foreigner, and she explains that the ministry must send his work visa immediately. Or when the alien girl finds Bryan and explains that he is in Altantis, he fails this for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Small things like that make the idiocy in the first hour or so tolerable. Imagine how big the movie could have been if they had 1) actually intended to do so and 2) actually had the money to do it. <br /> <br /> I like how ultimately no one wonders what happened to the little sister who was sent off at the beginning for help. She just wanted to wander around the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the volcano that breaks out, thinking of you.
