This movie actually manages to be thoughtless enjoyment for 2/3 of the journey. Unfortunately, the movie ends up being too 'confused'. While I know some of the plot, contrivance's standard of "buddy film" movies, I am drawn into the characters that blend in brilliantly, but ultimately, the movie depends too much on hunting sequences as a crutch, and I lost interest. /> <br /> The filmmakers did a great job of getting the characters alone and doing their own things, and we got to see who they are and are identified with both police early. We formed our own opinion instead of being forced to get a picture of them through constant bickering. In the end, there is too much going on, and it detracts much from what might have been a pleasant piece of escapism. Here's what concerns Joe Gavilan (Harrison Ford) at the end of the movie: <br /> <br /> 1. His real estate deals with 2. His affair with a radio psychic 3. He is being investigated by internal affairs 4. The murder investigation <br /> <br /> If you add to Casey's concerns, you're fine, he'll be an actor and avenge his father's death. Now some of these things come together and even come together well, but all the plate elements come together in the midst of this fake hunt, which is so long and pathetic that I hardly have time to break my end and give a forest of what is right happens. The impressive screenwriting acrobatics cannot overcome the poor filmmaking. As if a ridiculous hunting sequence was not bad enough, it was not that bad that one having four separate sections and could last close to half an hour, Joe Gavilan fields calls for his property deal while chasing the offender with a gun. All these extra-curricular plot lines and jokes make it totally pointless to me whether the criminal is being captured. We have already forgotten or no longer worried about the murder plot at this time, because several plot lines and eye candy of chases have numbed us beyond all understanding. <br /> <br /> While I could continue with chases and how to destroy a decent story, I won't. This could have been a very fun movie, but it was too big for its britches, and it was a waste of time. Harrison Ford and Josh Hartnett did really well and a small look by Gladys Knight is worth noting. Unfortunately, none of the actors can help this hopelessly rude movie from being forgettable. Although it will be better than "The Hulk" and "Lara Croft II" that still does not make this movie good. I once heard that Harrison Ford claimed that only making movies that I thought would make money, I'm not sure whether it's true or not. What is true is that in order to get the right box office, you don't need a great movie or a great actor, this movie has no major role. My advice to Harrison Ford would be: to hold on to Indiana Jones because at least you can still drive.
