Josh Hartnett's dead eyes, the thick writing of it, and Harrison Ford is in a buddy comedy! Here are 3 reasons to hate it, avoid it, and better utilize 116 minutes of your life. <br /> <br /> The buddy-cop movie is fun. But their real golden age was back in the 1980s and 1990s. Making someone trying to mix action and comedy through the Hollywood police itself is certainly a good idea, but the final result of it did not turn out to be at least a spear on the subgener, but a reason to ask God about having mercy on all the passing films of the same kind, while the worst of them were bigger than (Hollywood murder). What really happened to this entertaining formula? Since a decade things had not been the same. You wanted a buddy-action stubborn flop after another. I will be delighted with some titles to catch the disaster well: (In Spy - 2002), (National Security - 2003), (Taxi - 2004), (Starsky & Hutch - 2004) and the worst of them all yet (Miami Vice - 2006)! <br /> <br /> I think one of the reasons is the natural case of saturation after many similar movie tabs and TV shows over 2 decades. Add to that, especially here, negligent trade and boring humor. In fact, this case is completely unbearable this time. Yes, we have the characters of 2 loyal police who have another job and the background of the sinful city, but what was new? It's not about cliché; It's about few innovations mixed with clichés, where both have been poorly made. <br /> <br /> The action, especially from the (Hartnett) site, is horrible. This guy is anything but a comedian (or actor!). So his character wanted to avenge his father's death! Vengeance on yourself man, he probably died out of seeing your acting !!. Even the little roles have people who have nothing to do with comedy (or that's what they thought here anyway!). The management fails to present something that is comical or so hard that some parts managed to be extremely boring (arresting the black guy through the defect ??); It is a rare time to be boring in what should be action / comedy! They didn't use Hollywood even though it was an ironic place where there was an ugly face behind superficial charm or even as a place filled with shining or fallen stars (cameos that could have given it some interesting moments). <Br /> <br /> It's a very easy movie that relayed to being observable with only its star glamor, and as a buddy-cop movie ending up being one of the worst cases of 2 stars with no chemistry on the screen (one of them has no chemistry with the screen itself! Guess who ?!), and a Buddy-Cop destroyer more than movies! God, don't let me, or my kids, live enough to be a witness (Hollywood Homicide ?? Part 2)! Finally, see Harrison Ford's performance he wanted to do well, but we did not.
