Lame film. Absolutely uninteresting. No chemistry at all between Indiana Jones and the Black Hawk Down guy. The car chase scene just goes on and on and ad ad nauseum. They manage to change vehicles a couple of times, but always end up right on the tail of the sword. The scene where Hartnett grabs the family car with the crying children in the back was just as stupid as it could be. He tells them about Eastern philosophy, and how it is right to die, as I imagine the authors thought was fun or even witty. It just came out as moronic, absolutely incredible and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some subplots were not even explored, they were just used as fillers. Why does Hartnett get sick by seeing dead bodies, but still ordering burgers in crime scenes? Why, and for what reason, is the bad IA guy suddenly arrested out of the blue by the boss? Why can I get hold of my friend's cops and then just let them answer their phones or not be Indian mystics and then just let them roll out there without as much as a stroke on the wrist? For some reason, though Ford is uncovered as a fraud and fraud when acting as a real estate agent (he does the prices when he tries to sell the manufacturer's house to serve his own commission), they hold back to him anyway! They knew he lied to both of them! Yet they were there and said that both said they would never go after. Stupid, just stupid. This is also one of the cop filmers where they just burn wrongly in public streets without care in the world for innocent spectators. There they were just standing on the sidewalk and blowing away while people were cutting for cover. Amazingly, they didn't hit a single person after firing about 60 rounds each .... The writing was horrible, the action sequences were boring, plotted just a second to a very pathetic attempt to make us drive for Ford and Hartnett. It doesn't fail. And Ford's phone! Turn off the terrible thing! How many times can a 2-hour movie ring? 50? 60? It was frustratingly aggravating the centerpiece of the movie! Every 30 seconds the stupid melody would play! And if it wasn't Ford, Hartnetts called! It was incredibly annoying! Full waste of time, Ford's worst movie since 6 Days 7 Nights, which was undoubtedly the lowest point in his prominent career.
