Now, this movie has actually made me feel so strong that I signed up for an IMDb account to just warn people. It is obviously AWFUL !! NOTHING makes sense in this movie. There are far too many subplates for a start. Josh Hartnet's character is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor as well as a policeman who seems to be alive far beyond his means and only teaches yoga to hot girls (some of whom wait naked in the jacuzzi for when he comes back from work). Add to the fact that his father was killed by a curly policeman, who just as coincidentally involved in the current crime being investigated by the rude duo. Harrison Ford's character tries to sell real estate on the side and sleeps with the internal examiner's ex-wife who happens to run a psychic radio program, which Ford's character calls from time to time. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I can't remember the character's names (that's how forgettable it is), so I'll refer to them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there's the dialogue which is brutal. I mean cringe-inducing stuff here. Throw in each cliché in the book (with a heart to heart in a dark bar during the day over a drink where the bartender knows his name, the duo is being examined by internal affairs (why?); Hartnett confronts his father's killer) and you have a hell of mess. As I mentioned, the plot is confusing and the continuity is non-existent: 1) When Ford's car is repossessed, how the hell did the repos know where it would be parked? Were they after him ?? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morning, it just happens that the only clue from the crime scene (an earring) is replicated on the charred bodies there (which was lucky!) 3) When the two are arrested and taken in for query - Ford continues to respond to his phone, and Hartnett "centers" with a yoga bag on the table. Instead of taking the phone from Ford, the IA guy waits for it to ring every time and then try to take it off the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, the female IA officer grabs with Hartnett rubbing over him. So inexplicably, the two are released without answering questions. 4) Under the car, Hartnet's car collides and smashes around Hollywood, but then the car is suddenly perfect again. Not a scratch! 5) When Ford chases the bad guy into the building and he comes in the elevator, how in the hell does he know which floor the bad guy was releasing? 6) When the two call for the bad guy around Hartnet's car, Ford tries to close a property deal. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most compelling record exec ever. His motivation to kill a hopeful group of rappers on his label? They can leave their label and it is a warning to keep their other groups loyal. But continue, how does he ever sign someone new with the business plan ?? 8) Why is the IA guy investigating Ford in the end? There is no elaboration !! 9) And Hartnett gets to use his "acting" to catch the bad guy eventually. <br /> <br /> I could go on, I really could. Anyone looking deeper into this movie than a straight up action comedy needs their head examined because that's all it is. There is nothing else for it! It should not be satirical or ironic. It's just bad.
