Three giant sabretooth tigers (.. created in a laboratory from mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil material) are on the rampage at a series of events (like a computer denied introduced virus) to unlock security measures that hold The resort's news shops closed during construction and a security guard leaves a gate open while searching for the missing side from a porn force that flew away in the breeze that threatens the lives of those with whom it comes in contact. The tigers are always hungry, but are not able to digest what they eat. So pretty much the tigers just rip their prey to strips. Victims include a group of college kids (.. the stereotypes include a goth girl, jock and tech nerd), security staff and the somewhat developed rich villains that we can easily despise and want horrible death. <br /> <br /> Rounding off a series of bad sci-fi channel flicks, Attack of the Sabretooth, has some of the most miserable computer simulated animals I've seen yet. And the final order of death is so eerily presented, you will require in your deepest recesses your time the time spent on this truly awful exercise in the creature feature canon. There is some good dark humor that originates from heads torn from the neck, but even here the prosthetic work is not convincing. Prosthetic body parts and blood cases that victims are pounced on, cry for help and receive none. I start to sound like a broken record and repeat myself in every user comment I write for these sci-fi channel flicks. I think maybe it's time to move on to other types of cinema. Robert Carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman wooed by his truly repulsive brother-in-law Nicholas Bell, one opening "Primal Park", a resort / zoo with genetically created sabretooth tigers, as it is a major attraction. Stacy Haiduk, who is still yummy, is a security officer trying to convince Bell to get the investors, he hopes to go in to put money in his multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is Haiduck's lover and his role is a mechanic who keeps operations running. <br /> <br /> The fate of Bell at the end, which is the result of a displaced tooth from a sabretooth tiger statue, is the mines. Carradine spends much of the film snapping Bell's bow nemesis. Tiger's view shows people in a bright color as it moves towards them. The film ultimately consists of characters passing through dark corridors (... tech nerd's virus interrupted the flow) worried about their safety. The college kids commit to breaking and entering to score certain items that are needed (.. it's a scavenger hunting type of activity) to enter into a fraternity / sorority. The cast games these children do not rise over their clichés.
