The movie starts with a manager (Nicholas Bell) who gives welcome investors (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project that mutates a primal animal using fossilized DNA, such as ¨ Jurassic Park¨ and some scientists revive one of nature's most dreadful predators, Sabretooth tiger or Smilodon. However, the scientific ambition becomes lethal, and when high-voltage fences are opened, the creation will flee and begin hard to pursue its prey - the human visitors, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young people enter the protected area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a package of large prehistoric animals that are mortal and larger. In addition, a security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and her friend (Brian Wimmer) hardly fight against the carnivorous Smilodons. The Sabretoother are, of course, the right star stars, and they are amazingly scary but not convincing. The giant animals are savaging their prey, and the group runs afoul and fights against a nature's most terrible predator. Furthermore, a third Sabretooth spells more dangerous and slower victims. <br /> <br /> The movie delivers the goods with lots of blood and makes like memory, hairy chills, full of scares when Sabretooths appear with mediocre special effects. History provides exciting and entertaining entertainment, but it results in being quite boring. The giant animals are the majority of computer generators and seem completely miserable. Mediocre performances, although the players respond appropriately to food. Doctors provide energetic physical performances that expel the animals, run, tie, and jump or dangling over walls. And it packs a ridiculously final deadly scene. No to small children by realistic, gory and violent attack scenes. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are the following: ¨Sabretooth (2002) ¨ by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and the much better ¨ 10,000 BC (2006) ¨ by Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This movie filled with bloody moments is poorly directed by George Miller and without originality because it takes too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian instructor who usually works for television (tidal wave, travel to the center of the earth and many others) and occasionally to the cinema (The Man from Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Below average, bottom of barrel.
