Mine gives this a score of 3 is NOT what I would give the original Soviet version of this movie. It seems American-International (a studio specializing in the ultra-low-cost ticket in the 60s) bought this movie and completely destroyed it - cut a two-hour plus film into a 64-minute movie! Plus, much of those 64 minutes were new material (like the "monsters") - so you know this movie carries almost no resemblance to the original. The original movie seems to be a pretty straightforward drama about Soviet conquest of space - though I'm really not sure what it was originally! To gain insight into the original film, read Steven Nyland's review - it was very useful. <br /> <br /> Thus, it was the third Soviet sci movie I saw that American-International bought and then hacked apart to make a "new" movie - standard practice for a company that was willing to put almost anything on the screen to make a buck - provided of course it didn't cost them much more than a buck in the first place !! This Americanized film was about two rival world powers (not the US and the Soviets) trying to be the first to Mars. The evil "evil" tries but fails, and the "good guys" save one of the idiot astronauts and then head to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stranded on the Mars moon, where they see some monsters (added by American-International), which is REAAALLY cheesy, and one bears resemblance to a particular part of a woman's anatomy. Then they are rescued - returning to the heroes of the earth. The bottom line is that the movie was slaughtered - turning an incredibly beautiful piece of art (currently) into a Class C movie. Because of this, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that the horrible job A-I did with this movie didn't convince them to refuse to sell more movies to those jerks! It is worth looking for a laugh, but the really bad moments that make you laugh are few and far between. So the movie is a dud - not bad enough to make it a must-see for bad movie buffers and for dopey to be taken seriously. I would really love to see this movie in its original form - it must have been a picture.
