Monster is an emotionally horrible movie about an evil American concrete factory (is there anything else in Hollywood?) Polluting waters in the small Colombian town of Chimayo somehow create a catfish-like animal with a sense of lamb and loose women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, the man sent down to Chimayo by his foul-mouthed boss Barnes, who himself cannot keep his hands off his secretary's back to get to the bottom (the word's sense) of the story. While in Chimayo Bill must contend with an annoying reporter who apparently sends all his stories into perfect English directly back to America. I assume in the 70s that there was a market for news from small South American cities. There is also a radical called Sanchez who wants to sabotage the factory to pollute the water, which incidentally also delivers city jobs to the locals, but why let cold heart economy get in the way of touchy-feely enviro-marxism. Pete, the factory manager is unknowingly helped by the monster when he has sex with his ex-boyfriend on the beach, telling her he sees the mayor's daughter Juanita and it is past them, then she is immediately eaten that night. A little side action without evidence. My hat is off to you Sir. John Carradine rounds the draft as a priest who believes that the monster is sent by God to punish sinners. You can see despised he has to be in this movie in his face. Can just as well film him driving to the local currency exchange to see if his check didn't jump. <br /> <br /> Probably based on a true story, so much so say it twice in the opening circles, this movie is terrible on all fronts. The movie began in 1971 and was abandoned to eight years later when Kenneth Hartford put his foot on the neck of Monster by adding his two annoying children as new characters, even by putting his daughter Andrea in top billing with Mitchum and Carradine. The sound quality is non-existent, and most scenes seem to have some greased tar over the camera before the movie. This is made even more boring during the many scenes performed at night. The monster itself is ridiculous, as it solves its ugly rubbery head to the anticlimatic end. James Mitchum, along with his brother Chris, is proof that nepotism in the acting industry must be limited. Completely useless drunk. Shame on you, John Carradine.
