In a summer that also boasted such conflicting stinkers as Snakes on a Plane and The Da Vinci Code, it's a pretty bold statement. But I stand by it anyway. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months before, are protracted, surrendered, and with CGI up to the eyeballs. My God, these things are doing my head. Richard Donner had the idea of ​​"keeping it right" for his 2 outings. And I find his approach to the special and optical effects to be the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombarded us with so much CGI that it really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you see a wannabe blockbuster who thinks that the only way to impress the audience is to spend $ 250 million (a whole irresponsible amount of money) on unpleasant visual effects that do not live up to the hype. We've seen everything and been everywhere that CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in this. And for a movie that's 95% made of this crap ... you'll find it out. <br /> <br /> I've read so many reviews from fanboy critics about how the movie has "soul" or "a human heart" or "desert character moments." Pooh lease! We've already had brohing superheros quiet and screaming 'you would love me if you knew who I am' dozens of times already in recent years, and SR offers absolutely nothing new in this respect. Even the plot is recycled waste, Lex Luthor (a seriously misguided and hammy Kevin Spacey), who planned to destroy the land mass in America, was already completed in the first movie! And well ... that's your mass! It's great that they managed to draw this junk to 2.5 painful hours! But Brandon Routh has a mahogany hat personality, Kate Bosworth is unconvincing as a Pulitzer award winning journalist, James Marsden is 250% wood as usual, and Kevin Spacey really needs to either shoot p into agent or acquire some better judgment. The only throwing member I liked was the lovely Parker Posey. But I'm in strange girls. <br /> <br /> Every year, movies like this become bigger and more bombastic. We'll soon have $ 300 million movies. Studios must realize that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking up. For all the money that Warner spent on this pile of crap, for all the resources that this movie cost to make ... was it worth it? In my opinion, certainly not! This waste has made me Superman for life!
