This film was very poorly conceived from any angle except for technology. I watched everyone waddle out of the theater, their faces drained as their lives flashed for their eyes - eyes walked by their neighbors, wondering if they were just them. I mean, how could the movie really be bad. No one will admit it, it is a classic case of the emperor who does not wear any clothes. "Who should I question a movie that contains a guy who stops a jet liner?" But the facts remain, all members of the audience think about what I'm writing right now. I actually plagiarized their faces. Of course, Lois is only awakened by power, she won't even have a cup of coffee with Superman With Glasses that doesn't stop jet liners. It may not be the appearance of "his" eyes for the depth of his soul or something. In the old Superman, she had some connection with him, he was not ranked number 1, of course, but it strengthens her character that she was "torn". I bet Henry Kissinger himself would have won this Lois before Clark Kent. <br /> <br /> And now it's official, Kryptonite makes Superman what to eat at McDonald's making avg. person. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN "ONE" He loses his father and finds his real super father, the story is captivating every step of the way. He is human, he relates to humans, and he feels love for people, he relates to high school students, he relates to people who feel different. He tells. Superman Returns superman only seems to relate to Superpeople, and it seems he is just doing a job when he rescues people. There's something about Clark that Lois likes, she's really in love with him, but can I admit it, and when he gets into the picture as Superman, it throws a kink in the on-the-rock love. Without Superman, she would have fallen in love with Clark (at least that's what the movie points to, whether it was the intention or not). Superman Returns is a love story between a woman and SUPERMAN, Clark is like a pile of horse maneuver to Lois. Literally. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN TWO, I've just seen it again. As a child I thought I enjoyed it, but now I know it was the story that kept me so and looked at it again and again. If I saw Superman Returns as a child, I would have hated it too, I think. <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and soul and superpower going around in this movie, it's sick. Superman gives his strength for love when a world globe is going on, and meanwhile, Lex Luther has something fantastic on his sleeve. SUPERMAN THREE Now there is a three-way love story between Superman and Lana and Clark, only humanity wins and Clark's inner character beats Superman power, because when his super-natural nature is gone and he is superhuman (who does human things with his superpowers), she sees It's not the Superman's power that she's in love with, it's not SUPERpowerman, but SUPERMORTALman she loves - and who's really SUPER. And when she tells Clark that she "prefers" him to Superman, he is excited that he has made a human connection again. He wants to be accepted for who he is, not just for his ability to bend steel. THIS IS THE SUCH STOP THAT IS MISSED FROM SUPERMAN RETURNS. <br /> <br /> Clark super sneezes to help the child get a strike - humanity again. Plus, it's an INERESTING use of superpowers. He does not use equally brutal strength. <br /> <br /> He breaks the ball into a diamond for his wife because she has to sell her, love is the only thing that drives him to use his power except to save. <br /> <br /> There seems to be nothing at stake in Superman Returns. Even in Superman Three, we see the damage caused by the nemesis world domination plot. We see suffering, we see how it affects Pryor and others and people in the middle of it. There is no damage, esp. emotionally from Lex's plot to sink the United States. We see a crystal ball thrown into the room. Superman had to become very creative in the first three Superman to stop the plot against him, he could not just "access his superpowers". In the first he had to stop two missiles in different directions and then break his universal mandate and delete the story to save Lois' life ... (it was thirty years ago!) In the other he had to decorate three guys that he already was more powerful than, but combined with Lex's genius and the immoral tactics of the villains, Superman was not overwhelming enough, he had to work one against the other and throw them ... In Superman III again his superpowers were not enough to win "He had to throw a computer that calculated everything he saw. He couldn't use the same aggression on the computer because it had calculated it in advance so he had to use a benign acid that would only be fatal to the computer." after the computer reacted to the aggression and he found the acid earlier when he could not just use his superpowers to blow a fire because it was a chemical fire so he had to use his superbrains - he could not carry water, so He froze a lake and dropped it on the fire. Now in Superman Returns, he simply lungs the island on the outskirts, as a night temp for the UPS. He doesn't need to figure out anything he uses just his "super strength". And Lex Luther's glimpse was shown at the pre-meditation level of a junkie who just went out of junk. <br /> <br /> Not to mention the fact that he threw the island out on the outskirts after being stabbed with a KNIFE of kyrptonite right in the bloodstream AND the island itself dropped kryptonite spores in his face, but he declined Just the eyes and the nose, as if it were not Gray Poupon he looked at.
