Let me first comment on what I liked about the movie. Special effects were amazing, and very rarely did I feel I saw a video game. There is the last lovely thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I just want to all read this to note that I can't even say to words how hard it was for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> <br /> I have countless complaints about the movie, but four major complaints come to mind. My first big complaint has to do with the incredible cheesiness of "plot twist" (if you can call it, since most likely it comes a mile away) where Loi's 5-year-old son turns out to be the super-powered Superman's child. When the crying superchild throws a piano at Lex's craftsman to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Songs could have made a much better Superman movie without resorting to cheap gimmicks as a seemingly fragile but ultimately super-driven, illegitimate child. It's been 5 days since I watched the movie and I still want to be vomited. <br /> <br /> My next big complaint is the fact that Superman lifts a continent made of kryptonite into outer space. It doesn't take the cartoon guy from the Simpsons to point out what's wrong with it. I don't know how many comics Brian Singer has read, but when Superman is exposed to a little bit of kryptonite, he hardly has the strength to stay on his foot. Anyone who had the idea of ​​getting him to fly a big island made up of his greatest weakness in space is not ever associated with any Superman-related projects again. The concept is as ridiculous as making a Dracula movie where the title character has a stick through his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made of garlic into the sun. Why not just Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it and then brush his teeth with it, then go to bed in the kryptonite pajamas. It is no more absurd as he raises an encrypted continent in space and then falls powerlessly through the atmosphere without incinerating by re-entry or splattering over the central park when he hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third major complaint relates to the fact that Singer is filming face-to-face with religious symbolism throughout the film. I have to take the issue with his characterization of Superman as the only son of a god-like Jor-el sent to Earth to be a savior. Jorel was not all-wise, he was just a scientist. And he didn't send his son to the earth to be a savior; he threw him into a rocket and quickly hurried it into space because his planet was about to explode. I buy Christ's allegory if Brian Singer can show me the part of the Bible where God sends Christ to the Earth because Heaven was exploding, and then radioactive pieces of heaven become Christ's primary weakness. In addition, the "crucifixion scene" in which Luthor puts Superman in the side with a kryptonite "spear" just makes me slam my face into a brick until I'm too brain-dead to notice the eerie obvious and inappropriate symbolism that will be seizing the steelman for the foreseeable future. They may as well rename this movie "Superman Returns: Christs Passion." <br /> <br /> And when it comes to Luthor, my last major complaint has to do with Singer's Lex Luthor exhibition. Lex Luthor is a sharp, cold-hearted business tycoon who is more likely to run for president (as he does in the comics) than to try to destroy the world. The man wants money and power; He will be responsible, not destroy everything. But Luthor we see Superman Returns, as well as all the previous Superman movies, is a crazy theatrical dunce that comes up with zany schemes to destroy the world. If Sanger had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of the (rather terrible) former Superman movies, this movie may not be such an unbearable travesty. Perhaps Singer's next project could be a Batman movie focusing on the interpretation of Batman from the 1960s TV show. ZAM! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> To sum up, I don't know what I hate anymore, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to give it good reviews. Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you do not hate this movie then your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone reading this not to watch this movie if you don't already have it. Can't see it, don't buy it when it comes out on DVD, don't rent it ... pretty much don't contribute any money to it in any way. This movie does not deserve to make money. In fact, for every person watching this movie, I think Bryan Singer should be stoked $ 45 billion. If you are a Superman fan and you really want to watch this movie, just bend and get someone to kick you in the balls and you get the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time.
