I just watched the third week of Stephen Kings' nightmare and Dreamscape's mini-series; means I saw 6 episodes so far. I have to say that the stories are really weak. I have read Stephen King's Skeleton Crew, a collection of his short stories that was published far back. I remember most of the stories were average to poor, but there was one that was really excellent if not excellent. What I'm trying to say is that just because this mini-series is from a collection of stories by Stephen King doesn't mean it will be good. In fact, if his previous collection of short stories has any indication, then most mini-series will be average to poor. In Stephen King's defense, I have not read these new short stories. Perhaps they are good as stories in a book and not easily adaptable to television, or perhaps it was the writer's fault trying to write an interesting script. Who knows. These short stories can also be made solely for this mini-series and not for printing purposes. Maybe it could have been the problem. If Stephen King had sent these crap stories to an editor, I am sure that the editor would immediately have told him to make it more interesting because it is simply boring. What is clear from all this is that the problem is with the stories / script and not the actors and actors, because this mini-series has some good people working on it. See this mini-series really appreciated the old "Twilight Zone" series, each series was only half an hour, but it was convincing and riveting. I don't understand why this mini-series couldn't perform similar feat. sure that this mini-series had a lot of money to make a good mini-series, but unfortunately something has not clicked. <br /> <br /> For example, there were two episodes this week. A horror story writer who buys a picture drawn by an artist who committed suicide, the author begins to see changes in the picture as he drives home, feeling uncomfortable, throwing the painting, but it is close to him. person in the picture kills people and is out to kill him. (I will not even mention the second episode this week involving criminals and their loot because it was even more boring than this episode!) This premise is interesting and The story must be good, though After seeing it, I was frustrated because there were too many gaps in the story as well as foreign materials that were shown that did nothing to help the story. After the last scene I got back with more questions than answers. I tried for 3 weeks to get into this mini-series, but it was just too aggravating because of bad stories / script. If this was a movie, I would have recommended that people wait for the movie to come out on cable or such. I would not even recommend renting it in your video store. But since this is on TNT, a cable channel, I would say if you haven't seen it already, try it for a week. If you don't like it that week, you won't like the previous series or the future as they all share the same boring feature.
