The majority of Stephen King's short stories are small gems, with original ideas that don't take long to develop; Virtually lean and meaningful - he quickly puts them on a scarce number of pages you read them and you're done before you know you've started. They correspond to a carton of McDonald's fries - they taste really good, and you know that there is not much nutritional value in them (re: from a literary point of view, they don't say much about the universal human condition), but you will still dry them down, just don't be pigs and go for the extra-super portion and take on too much fat ("too much fat" is a metaphor for the prose in King's novels when finding yourself reading one of them and saying move on - enough with the pop cultural observations or wise Yankee asides - continue with the story already!) He has collected four books of short stories. I've read them all - from NightShift to last, Everything's Eventual, and they all show an efficiency of coming to the point, which in some cases lacks much in his novel novels. <br /> <br /> But his short stories never pass their welcome ... which brings us to the TV adaptations of Nightmares And Dreamscapes ... <br /> <br /> How in hell did they (serial producers) get a green - light to beat stories that usually average 15 pages in 50 minute episodes? I tell you how - two words - "Stephen King." Stories with his name on them probably weren't cheap, and an hour show allows more advertising than half an hour, so ... what should have been an anthology of mostly 23 or 24 minute episodes becomes twice as long and double the commercial time ... Ka-Ching! <br /> <br /> I won't waste time syncing the plots in these stories - this review requires you to have already read the stories and / or seen the show; what follows is just my gut reactions to what TNT presented ... Of the four rates so far here is my 10 cent rating (from first to worst): <br /> <br /> Battleground - Not a classic in any way But hey, how could anyone argue to keep William Hurt able to open his trap by filming this episode without a single dialogue line? And the heavy-in-kind reference and the destruction of the killer Zuni doll from the Trilogy of Terror showed me the producers (and the author of the teleplay which is Richard Matheson's son - the author of TOT) knew their mission with this was To make the action fatal, but at the same time fun. It took longer to get to Hurt's apartment than it should have, but I think it met that goal. 8/10 <br /> <br /> Umney's Last Case - Looked like this one primarily because of William H. Macy's performance. I think the author / Umney should have appeared in history earlier in the private eye / Umney beginning because he was the actual reality of the story and anyone who was familiar with the King short story (probably half, if not more of the audience) knew The Chandleresque lineup was due to being interrupted by the author's reality, so let's continue with it and cut out the sweet and clever cooked party 'Private Dick Banter' already. When the author / Umney's family tragedy began to reveal, I thought the show developed an emotional connection that made the viewer (I at least) feel sympathy for real life. 6/10 <br /> The end of the whole show - Uh, this title is how I felt about this episode when it was over. After twenty minutes I was ready to scream on the television - OK, we already get it, the younger brother is a Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know from Ron Livingston that we are talking to the camera ("time is running out for me" - not soon enough I thought) that the young whiz kid should discover something really bad for humanity - we know it because he is already built a plane but almost died because he couldn't steer it out of the tree path; and he blasted his chemistry lab while learning chemistry (to believe that the end of the world could have been prevented if only this child had more custody). So much time was wasted on setting up Henry Thomas' uber genius when we finally come to the disintegration of his discovery - the end of the world using unintentional idiocy - how much do we look for the world "ends?" - A cheap video shots of a reporter beginning to forget what she reports on and short radio broadcasts announcing the judgment day are present. Oh, and the brother's parents choke and sing old songs. My point is, if your story is really about "the end of the whole mess (world)", I will see "mess" as it goes up in flames and crashes and burns. Talk about ending up with a nap, actually. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End - This episode has just ticked me off completely. I could have lived with the happy couple who came to their hotel to always come to their hotel, play slap-and-tickle, have lunch and get a taxi (that was half the episode right there) if they once finally crossed in Crouch Quit the episode provided chills, but it failed miserably. It was not only scary, it was almost ridiculous. Oh, look - a kitty ... wait, it'll be ... oh my god! Look at it's scary eye! Uh huh. They could have been far in the direction of filming the Crouch End sequence at night instead of in daylight as well. Things you might find unintentionally fun can become daunting when you see them in the night shadows. But I suppose the budget was not high enough to shoot at night on the fake London sets they hit for this one. On the side, this is a very scary story about tourists who walk into places they shouldn't, and the horrible things that may lurk just around the corner there. The only terror in this adjustment was the director and the act - they were really awful. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Average Series Average (so far): 4/10
