No one goes to a movie like The Hills Have Eyes 2 and expects Citizen Kane to come again. The same goes for the majority of low-purity horror flicks, especially those Roger Ebert has called "Dead Teen Movies." The Hills has eyes 2 that certainly qualify as a dead teenage movie. Only here have the teenagers got the superficial appearance of military trainees. <br /> Some will argue the line "it's just a movie" when dubious facts are included in a movie review, but I've always been firmly convinced that all good imagination should be rooted in reality to be effective. In the mountains have eyes 2, we must believe the protagonists are military people on a training exercise, but they see and speak as a high school kids campground in the desert. The dialogue is horrible and often vulgar to excess. Although the films are not nearly comparable, I was able to imagine that these "soldiers" are in Platoon and shake with fear. Very little if the characters evoke another soldier than rifles and hardships: radio transmissions are performed as teen phone calls; a colonel is addresses like "hello, asshole" by an individual. And no one seems to have the slightest idea what to do or any kind of command structure when things start to go wrong. I think of the soldiers of James Cameron's Aliens, a film of pure imagination, and how much the futuristic marines behaved like real soldiers despite their fantastic situations. Fantasy rooted in reality. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to watch a movie as a 5 on a scale of 10, judging it's strengths and weaknesses from there. You must allow concessions for the material; Star Wars is not as good for a movie as The Godfather, on an equal footing. But both are good examples of their type. <br /> <br /> In this respect, while the mountains have eyes 2, is a rather horrible exercise in amateur and immature writing, it is only the message in that respect than the typical Dead Teen Movie. On a technical side, the film looks to have decent production values ​​and is quite well made from that perspective. Scenes designed to shock or intended to induce urgency or tension in general work. So, while watching The Hills Have Eyes 2 perhaps be a fate worse than death, there are certainly far worse horror flicks in circulation. It's worth looking at those who enjoy this type of thing without the usual fanboy luggage, or those who don't tend to think of any movie they see is either the best ever or the worst ever from time to time. If you don't "get" horror, especially the Dead Teenager variety, you are not inclined to feel good about this. <br /> <br /> 4/10
