The THHE remake was a superior movie remake in every way. Most remakes end up being total waste, but under the very talented direction of Alexandre Aja, one of the best ever made in the form of remakes and also as far as the mutant inbreeding human subgenre of horror is concerned. In step part 2 directed by another person Martin Weisz and written by father and son combo by Jonathan and Wes "I can't make a good horror movie to save my life more" Craven and if this is an indication of Weisz instructional skills and Young Craven's writing skills are all in a painful future, as THHE 2 not only avoids being as good as the first but also fails to entertain at any level. <br /> <br /> We start with a pretty graphic mutant birth which, although pretty cool, won't prepare you for the complete waste that comes, only hinting at what might have been in this movie. We then get to see a crew of researchers who are all introduced and sent by our radiated rejections. In step, our main cast of army reserve is to save the day, this is where the big problems begin. <br /> <br /> From very sub par acting (even for this kind of movie) to the horrible signs of the lack of true carnage for most of its time. 2 becomes a work to look at, as nothing happens at all as idiotic soldiers make mistakes by mistake to only meet them, do not avoid the mutants, but themselves. Think of the marines in foreigners only the opposite and you have the idea of ​​how well these soldiers are trained. This is the real shame of the movie, as most of the residents of the hills do not get the killings that you would like to see, as in the first movie, in fact, if this did not have the 2 connection at the beginning and the brief overview in beginning to bind it loosely to it First, it could almost have been a sci-fi channel original. <br /> <br /> Mutant Mountainbillies are also not so much fun this time in a lot of way, they are far inferior to our previous batch, as they all come out as being underdeveloped and uninteresting. Also the one who took the cake was the Sloth-like Mutant (you know Sloth from the Goonies), which helps them out in the third act. I waited for him to ask for a Baby Ruth or start going on Rocky Road Ice Cream. Really disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of them here. <br /> <br /> Gore is in the movie but not nearly as visceral as the original, in fact, it seemed toned down mostly as anything other than the mutant baby birth scene there is really nothing that stood out as in the first . Another great strike against this movie. So what worked here, the answer is nothing at all. It felt like a sequel designed specifically to make money from the success of the first and not to make an actual "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can continue with Crappy Drill SGT. have a speech disorder (that's right, he's the kind of guy I want to radio for help in a real crisis) or the pacifist fighter, which looks like the exact same character mold as our "hero" in the first movie, but I think you get the point. This movie is not even in the same league or even the same planet as the first. It should have got another title and been added to the Saturday Night Line up on the Sci-Fi Channel. A real shame as a solid sequel could have been made but unfortunately it looks like another horror movie that loses the ball at almost all levels and will get one of my lowest scores as I give THHE 2 the same score as its part: 2 / 10 Terrible: Words cannot describe how bad this movie is a total polar contradiction to its predecessor in every way, uninspired and down-right unnecessary. Next time, boys, if you have to make a successor this bad ... don't even disturb. Don't support this waste in the theaters, save money and thank me later!
