Despite positive reviews and screenings at international festivals, this film is not for everyone. The story is very similar to other films where a teenage girl from the immigrant family has to overcome many common personal problems in her age and also to fight the pressure of ethnic traditions in her family. She does this by choosing a kind of sport and with the help of a local boy who for some reason falls in love with her, she confronts her problems and wins. In Girlfight, boxing in Bøj is like Beckham, it's football, and now it's Kung Fu. <br /> <br /> But Fighter is much worse product than these two, it was simply embarrassing to see it. Semra Turan, the "actress" who plays the role of a teenage girl may be able to do many things, but one thing she can't do is act. Her on-screen presence is anemic and clumsy, the dramatic situations where she tries to show some emotions are terrible, her body and facial language is amateur actress, poorly directed by the director. The rest of the casting is a little better, but they just can't save this cliché movie with stereotypical characters and low plot. In addition to a few relatively good moments, this film has nothing new or interesting to offer. Even the Kung Fu games are not a reason to see this, it's just so boring. The slow motion was really unnecessary, the choreography was basic and lacking in inspiration, and most of the kung fu scenes are just training or standing in all kinds of kung fu positions, not actually fighting. Not to mention how ridiculous it looks when a little and thin girl is fighting big and muscular boys and beating them off their feet. <br /> <br /> The only reason this movie has been noticed at all is because it is European. It is very easy to publish this film - A first martial art film from Denmark, but do not be fooled, it is not. It's just a drama about stupid teenage girls and her problems, which by the way are not convincing. <br /> <br /> Bad movie with embarrassing lines, plays and history.
