This ridiculous and scary movie is definitely the most misleading version of "Hamlet" to always reach the screen. Branagh's access to the material can only be described as vulgar; goes as far as depicting Ophelia in a straight jacket, as Fortinbras' army suddenly looks out into the horizon (very much like the climax of "Monty Python and Holy Grail") when the palace appears to be guarded only by Francisco (who shouts very un- Shakespeare screams of "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before it was shot down) and lots of star comos that lean back to Jimmy Cagney's Bottoms and Mary Pickford's Kate. <br /> <br /> Branagh chose to put his film in an Edwardian setting, but at the same time decided to use an almost unspoken text so that the dialogue, which is strongly rooted in the Elizabethan mentality, often does not make sense in that context. that it is carried out. And Branagh is not dealing with such textual subtleties as Hamlet and Olphelia's ambiguous relationship that treats the audience to a vulgar nude sex scene between the couple throwing any ambiguity straight into the glass mosaic. <br /> <br /> The unclear text allows Branagh to indulge in his favorite biographical pastime: more footage by Kenneth Branagh. It is never as clear as in the speech "How all occasions inform me" that ends the first half of the fifty-hour movie (at least that is how it feels), trying to play for a dramatic crescendo in line with Gone With Vindens "I will never be hungry again." This can serve Branagh's ego, but it doesn't serve Shakespeare or speech: when I watched the movie in the theater, I leaned over to my companion and talked "great moments with Mr Hamlet". Branagh saves the funniest and most tasteless moment in the end when he tries to exhibit the Olivier movie and his just famous death of Claudius by having Hamlet jump from a tall tower to the monarch and pursuing him with a sword. Branagh's Dane does in the king by fortunately throwing a seemingly magical rapier from across the palace to run through Claudius' heart with a superhero bull's eye. The only thing that saved the moment from being tirelessly terrifying was that it was so much fun along the way. <br /> <br /> While this movie has been praised for several quarters as a serious portrayal of the tragedy, it is actually a star-studded screen of a once talented filmmaker being overtaken by his own narcissism. The Emperor has no clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer, but a couple of unintentional laughs and the horrible sight of a man's ego out of control.
