Okay, let's not get confused here. If this is a sequel to a remake of an original horror classic, does that automatically mean a remake of the original horror classic's sequel? Here's hoping it's not a general rule that Wes Craven's own successor to the original "The Hills have Eyes" ?? released somewhere in the mid 80s ?? is easily one of the worst and absolute most redundant horror movies ever made. Part 2 did not have a real plot and reused recordings of the original only to further exploit the success of the truly gritty and offensive performance. Craven also wanted us to believe even dogs suffer from flashbacks and painful memories, as the loyal German Shepard from the Carter family saw his bloody battle with one of the hippopotamuses. There were a lot of alarming signs that showed us that this successor would also be a terrible failure. Remake came out almost a year ago and here is the successor already? The incredible speed of its release justifies questioning the quality of the script. Don't they need a little more time if they want to come up with a movie that must be scary, threatening and disturbing? With his brilliant film, Alexandre Aja almost changed one hand the general perception of scare brakes as he had the courage and intellect to change important elements of the plot and add more nauseating doings than anyone had ever hoped for. Aja is also a talented young director and noticed himself with his French instant cult classic "High Spension", but who is this new director? Aja's "The Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected hit, appreciated by both experienced and older generations of horror fans as well as the younger and over-enthusiastic audiences. It's a really good movie, and although an avalanche of new successors and clones will be inevitable, it is very unlikely that one of them will ever correspond to the surprising quality level of Ajas smashing here. With all this in mind, plus a rather large dose of personal skepticism, I have to admit that this hasty successor is really not as horrible as expected. The play is routine and cliché foot that introduces a relatively large number of characters with few or even no backbone and tastefully depicts how they are slaughtered by traditionally abominable freaks. Following the events of the first film, the US Army has set up a camp in the midst of the new Mexican desert to investigate the effects of nuclear tests that took place in the 50s and 60s. For the terribly mutated survivors of the miners' community who stayed there during the radioactive testing, the researchers and scientists make a tasty start until the main race of incompetent soldiers arrive by truck. They just have to deliver food and supplies, but encounter their ultimate military training exercise when faced with the relentless humanoids living within the mines bends. <br /> <br /> This is basically just another by-the-numbers slasher with silly characters who even after losing more of their friends are still stupid enough to separate from the group and act as easy targets to kill. It is also very easy to point out which ones will make it out of this adventure alive, especially when one of the soldiers is against all forms of violence and another is constantly staring at video images of his sweet 3-year-old son. "Hills have eyes II" completely missing ?? as expected ?? originality, logic and probable situations. The mutated miners are almost as threatening as their counterparts in Part 1, mainly because they are not organized this time and only behave like dull and sex-hungry prototype monsters. Since you do not care about amateur G.I. Joe "heroes" and definitely doesn't feel any sympathy for the eyes of the hills, this movie is a lot less convincing and involved than last year's original. Most notably, this second movie is almost not as fierce and gory as the first! Sequels usually compensate for the lack of excitement and the absence of surprises with extra bloodshed and multiple graphic killings, but the action of this sequel is very tame in relation to the sick footage found in its predecessor. There are a handful of scenes to satisfy bloodthirsty horror fanatics ?? mainly showing soldiers falling down rocks or being shot by their own guns ?? but unfortunately there are no outrageous pick-ax fights or virulent dog attacks. What a shame! What is the successor to a successor if it does not even exceed the level of gravity and / or gratuitous filth of the original? Fortunately, the movie is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you want the funniest place to spot all the things that don't make the slightest sense! For example, wallets falling out of people's blooded heads, women without muscle power like throwing soldiers and ?? my personal favorite ?? assign one soldier with a talking disability to operate the radio communication.
