Last year's remake of 'The Hills Have Eyes' was one of the better attempts to update the vaguely exploiting horror movies from the 1970s to a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed an admirable degree of character development, and when the violence started, it was mediocre and wild and all done in a landscape of impeccable photography and production design. I was one of the few people who actually thought it was better than the original and looked forward to another visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of the wild desert mutants. The 'Hills have eyes 2', released just a year after the original, seems a hasty and unimaginable attempt to redeem the franchise with little thought of quality. Jonathan Craven's manuscript could have been written for a weekend, and given the speed with which this movie made it into cinemas, it was enough. It falls back on every hackneyed genre of cliché in the book, while there is absolutely no new to the desert's mutant mythology. I always leave a hassle of trouble when a successor replaces civilian characters with the military. Soldiers are always so stupidly written and never fail to thoroughly drill with raw caricatures of strutting macho bullshit. In my mind, 'Aliens' was the only movie that managed to make such a transition because of James Cameron's talent not only to control the best action sequences around, but never to forget that an audience should worry about those people being slaughtered. He was also extremely assisted by some really talented actors. With 'The Hills having Eyes 2', it is clear that the video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the staple of television parties does not have the talent or even the propensity to turn their cardboard cutout characters into something that is approaching live and breathe people. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character is a broad and generic cliché. They act stupid and illogical ways and stupid and illogical decisions that lead them to predictably stupid and illogical deaths. The last half of the movie just becomes another boring, penetrated-through-dark corridor scenario. "Descent" (as Sam McCurdy coincidentally also acted as filmography) showed that even this most derivative of sequences can still be performed with true originality and excitement, but we see no such innovation here. <br /> <br /> 'Hills have eyes 2' is just a very lazy movie, with no excitement, excitement or surprise, with not one person externally interested in producing something of quality. It is a pretty and tired excuse for a successor and deserves to spend the rest of his life in a Blockbuster dealer car.
