'The Hills Eyes II', one of the most meaningless and blatantly stupid successors to come around for some time, is 90 minutes of incompetent film production at its best. Or worst, but you choose to look at it. While 2006's 'Hills' remake was one of the year's best and really scary, scary movies, this successor follows every spark out of what made it such a feat. Part 2 never comes out of the ground, nor is it reminiscent of the dialogue. Worst of all, it's not scary. 2006's remake followed a family in the middle of the New Mexico desert, desolate, and one after another was picked up by horrible and sadistic hill people. People who, as a result of the military who has tested the atomic bomb on their land years ago, have become as they are. Survivors of travelers wandering into the region. The sequel puts the audience in the same desert, which is now occupied by the military, as they conceally examine the hills and what could have happened to the poor family. When a group of military interns is brought to the campsite, they find it deserted without any sign of life. An ugly reality soon overtakes them as they come to realize that they are not alone. And the bloody fate given to many before them will soon become their fate. It does not take a genius to realize that 'Hills' has no legitimate reason to exist. But because last year's remake was well received both at the cashier's office and by critics, it was not surprising that a successor would be rushed into production while there is still money to be earned. There is no rhyme or reason for it this time, just an incredible and ridiculous set-up to pave the way for thoughtless characters, non-original killings, a non-existent story and slipping of interest. Originally, Alexander Aja Craven's cult classic made a remake that was a unique and thoroughly disruptive experience. One who gruesomely crossed the line by more than once. Its honest portrayal of violence, sadistic torture, well-rounded characterization and whitened excitement were all effectively used to shock and reject the audience. The second time it's rehashed hand-me-downs. There is no style, no laugh. It tries to build tensions using dismembering bodies when all that really does is to be there, make that kind of movie where even gore seems tame compared to recent carnage. It is a sad state when deformed mutants that capture women for breeding purposes do not observe the attention. It's a drilling, nothing more. 'Hills' have no bites. Despite a jump or two here and there there is nothing very scary about this by-the-numbers horror flick. It feels like something you want to see on the Sci-Fi channel, only with some F-bombs, a blood splatter here and there, a rape and a graphic birth scene that is more serious than shocking. That's cheap. And with 'Hills' you reap what you sew. With no effort given, you can't expect anything in return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aja with Martin Weisz as director was the first big mistake of the movie, all he does is drain the movie of any kind of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the uncharacteristic bad script written by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. You ask how badly it might be? This is the kind of dialogue that makes any comparison similar to Shakespeare. Craven has had his fair share of clunkers in the past, but I would never expect any of this from him. It's so unintentional fun, you have to wonder, is Craven playing a joke on this? Or did he dump this one on his son after the study paid him? The film's characters are one-dimensional speech heads without feelings or common sense. The action is just as bad. The only character that can win you over is 'Napoleon' Napoli, the shriveled child who doesn't fit in with the others. Even the fake and instinct-driven villains that we might have found no service in the deepest of our thoughts a year ago meet with indifferent. You don't hate them, you don't like them. You honestly couldn't care less. Like in this movie. Even though you were giddy for fear under 'The Hills Have Eyes' as I was, you will have a hard time finding something to enjoy in this piece of waste. It is as generic as generic sheep, and there is absolutely nothing here, we have not seen many times already. I can't say enough, avoid 'The Hills Have Eyes II' like the plague. It's scary, unoriginal, scary and a bore. Stick to remake or Craven's original vision. Because if you don't go out after the first thirty minutes, don't say I'm not warning you.
