I watched this movie on its release and have seen it 3 or 4 more times, including last week. I regret that I must disagree with Mr Branagh's performance. <br /> <br /> This is truly a brilliant, lavish film, not to say anything ambitious for over 4 hours - beautifully shot and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others do good jobs. Then there's Kenneth Branagh. If there was ever a vanity project for an actor, then this is where Mr. Branagh doesn't save anything to put "ham" in Hamlet. From the stunt cast (which gives us the worst performance ever by the violent mistaken Jack Lemmon), to the pieces of distracting business thrown in to infuse a sense of "naturalness" into his own performance, which drives the gamut from throwing the single most famous solo quote throughout the literature to scream every single line of others. His performance confirms that, while he may be better off on stage, where greater is needed, he has never been a great film actor. The landscape budget could be charged catering, Mr. Branagh eats so much of it. His performance is a perfect example of why people don't go to see Shakespeare - "full of sound and rage that doesn't matter". And if there is a fault in his direction, he is holding the camera glued to his over-blown performance. No matter what theories people can have on Bard, he was, of course, said and finished, a playwright. The brilliance of his plays rests on his themes being universal and timeless. While there is no "real" way to play his plays, there is certainly great play, good acting and bad acting. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the "Hamlet" text itself. It amazes me how Mr. Branagh "did it" but didn't hear it. It was an example of spending too much time figuring out how to say something and too little to find out what he was saying. While Mr. Branagh certainly did a wonderful job of mounting some entertaining productions, he would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting to practice it. His direction has always been better than his acting. I still give him great credit for restoring interest in recording Shakespeare. He put a large template for other productions. And it would be interesting to see him on stage, from about 20 rows back. But I hope he chooses to lead more and act less. <br /> <br /> Is it worth seeing? Safe. There are many small pleasures found in the film. But it is a long, long film and at the end you can feel less that they enjoy than survived it.
