I suppose all the inside jokes are, what made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was terrible, though the ridiculous story and character of the characters might have been a much better (and more fun) movie. Maybe all they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies that many viewers have already pointed out are some of Gremlin's parody. Therefore, all references to the movie are. The film begins somewhere in Peru under an archaeological dig. An annoying dufus named Paul, aspiring stand up comedian who does not offer any sarcasm or witty jokes during the film despite his career plans, is kept up with his father in the caves. His father is an unconventional kind of archaeologist who does not seek the caves for artificats or mummies or anything, but a proof of U.F.O.'s. And this is where Munchies comes into the picture. Hidden in a rocky crevice is a nasty little mutant that resembles a gyrating rubber stopper with a Gizmo voice. They call him Arnold, stash him in a bag and bring him home so that Paul can finally show evidence of that extra-mortal life. <br /> <br /> Paul, the idiot he is, breaks his promise of his father to see Arnold (a bet he made with his father if he loses, it's off to college to get a 'real' 'career). The creepy neighbor with the bad blanket, Cecil (television veteran Harvey Korman) is wondering what his neighbors are up to. So he and his lazy son, some airhead hippie type (which looks more like they should have made their character into a biker or heavy metal enthusiast) to go and grab Arnold. Why? Of course you get a quick quick arrangement. And of course Cecil's son is too stupid to look after Arnold. And after a few pokes and prods on Arnold, he multiplies himself into several Munchies. <br /> <br /> It wasn't even a movie that was so bad it was good. It was just awful. I was hoping that Munchies would have mutated and killed the morons that were always after them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be a way to get rid of all the bad plays in this movie that really hammer the movie. Not to mention bad special effects that look like puppets. And really bad to write around - it wasn't even fun - not even the young policeman who can really give you the murderous feature of the eye. As I said, if they had got a clean budget and better actors, Munchies might have been able to draw a good parody. Pass by.
