Munchies start in the deepest darkest Peru (looks more like a dirt road to me), where archeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on expedition. Simon believes that ancient Aztec buildings were actually spacecraft control centers, and he is on mission to prove that alien life forms have visited Earth while he immediately discovers such a structure, he discovers a strange little creature in which he sticks. his backpack and take him home to the small American town of Sweetwater, California. Simon feels that the creature is the evidence he has been looking for and for some inexplicable reason decides to leave the case while he goes to share his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast food businessman Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman again) steals the creature so that his brother won't make any money out of it, but his idiotic trinon dude (Jon Stafford) has a fight with it and chops it with a knife but the individual parts grow back into separate little creatures that continue to cause much chaos among city citizens ... Directed by Bettina Hirsch this must be one of the worst horror comedies ever, if not the worst. The script by Lance Smith is so unfunny it is painful. Every joke in Munchies misses the goal of the proverbial mile, I doubt that humor in this piece of shit would even appeal to pre-teens. There's just nothing even extremely fun or even entertaining in Munchies, as far as I'm concerned. The basic story is also shame, they just happen to find this creature is running without any explanation of what it is, why no one has ever seen it before, how to learn English so quickly and how it learns to drive, etc. The whole thing is A great Gremlins (1984) rip-off with none of the elements that made the movie so good. The character is moronic, the stupid substitute (Charlie Phillips) & his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil wearing an embarrassing wig & false mustache and his main wife Melvis (Alix Elias) and more. They are simply ashamed and ridiculous, I defy anyone to find any of this rancid rubbish fun. Basically, Munchies fails to fail spectacularly to be either a comedy or horror and end up being, yes, you guessed it, shit. <br /> <br /> Of course, director Hirsch worked with a low budget here and it shows whole things happening in two houses, the desert, some caves and a mini golf course. This is really cheap and incompetent film making. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really awful, their only dolls that do not have movement unless someone from the camera pulls a string attached to the arm. I cannot stress how bad the effects are, these things would not convince my 4-year-old nephew (as proven by me and him yesterday!). Total incompetence all the way, sucks this movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is horrible, bad special effects, lame production design, waste set and good, just everything is shit. The play is cluttered through and through, from the police to Korman, who has two roles, both proving he can't act and is not fun. <br /> <br /> Munchies are a really bad movie that fails in all that it tries to achieve, be sure to see it if you want me not to stop you but just don't say that you hadn't been warned! My advice would be to see Gremlins again instead, but the decision is yours!
