Most would agree that Wolverine's character is one of the most exciting characters in cartoon history. I'm not a Marvel expert, but I grew up with the X-Men's adventure and was clearly endorsed by Hugh Jackman's now known depiction of the scruffy Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, found the sequel too heavy and cluttered and liked the third as cartoon entertainment. Through the three films I probably had Jackman more than anything else. I figured the idea of ​​making an "origin" movie about Wolverine might well end up being a better movie than all three X-Men movies. If we concentrate on a character, I figured there might be a movie that achieves what I found the other movie failed - to be a rather complex and character-driven cartoon adventure. The reason why Wolverine movies fail is not because the competition is harder for The Dark Knight. It is not even because of a plot development that is beyond obvious and rudimentary - although certainly not good - no, that is because the film does not even seem to try. To begin with, this does not qualify as good entertainment. There is something about the action in this movie that comes out as much, very automatically. With no major special effects or excitement elements, and when an event makes you predict the following five, it almost feels like a Uwe Boll movie that mimics an action / adventure movie concept you've seen a dozen times before. Of course, nothing in this movie is as terrible as a piece of Bolls ** t, but when everyone is talking clichés as if they are part of an event chain that is so standard, at least make the connection and that's probably bad enough. <br /> <br /> But there's an even bigger problem. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and, by the way, it makes you forgive a lot of plot holes and character stupidity. I think you find the most basic mistake in the title itself. I mean, "Origins". Really? What should the people behind this movie think of that title? What do they mean? You want to know the origins of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They ran away from home under dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. Everybody! Civil War, World War I and II and Vietnam too. Why did they do this? Still unknown. Eventually the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became evil. "How?" you ask. I don't know it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes but why?" you still ask. I just said I didn't know !! The film does not explain. He's in good order! "Yes, but ... you know," origin "" Yes, it's an origin! I mean, duh! Anyway, eventually they end up with a super secret team of mutant elite soldiers. Something about the government, ho-hum. Wolvie gets enough and leaves his brother. For six years he is a happy carpenter with a loved one who ends up a little defenseless around the time Sabretooth suddenly comes back. "Yeaaah ... but ... why are you?" - Oh shut up! - and Wolvie decides to be a guinea monkey for a bunch of evil scientists making him a meat-covered metal war animal. He goes after all the evil ones and they come after him and after all the fighting he ends with his memory dried, cue X-Men the first movie. <br /> <br /> There. It's the origin. You can also find it on the back of the DVD. The actual movie won't tell you anything else. No good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines from my sofa audience: Fat suit! Token black guy! Oh, I give you 200 in cash if that girl survives this movie .., It is supposed to be Gambit ...? mmhm, yeah well ... uh-huh, right), not a line of memorable dialogue and zero lines to cover a T-shirt with, in addition, the common stupid things that destroy the plausibility in general that you can usually forgive ...... Well, that sounds pretty much like a waste of time, doesn't it? Fans will check this out or have already. It doesn't stop. But if you liked the X-Men movies for no other reason than they were well-mannered and entertaining - watch them again and don't make yourself favors by trying to look for origin where there is none.
