Fun milking of the cash cow franchise. Generic superhero flick. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood's "A Series of Improbable Events." Combinatorial iteration of mutant combat scenes clustered by inane exposure justification formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I don't expect Shakespeare here, but the cliché per minute gauge was out of the charts: Primal screams while watching sky and kneeling over murdered girlfriend. Renegade military commander. Predictable double crosses. Revenge searched for beaten lover. Clean less. Evil that discovers morality at the last minute. Misunderstood to execute nemeses after beating them in proximity. Love not really dead. Laws actually appear as a spy for the hero's arch-nemesis. In fact, girlfriend / spy falls to the protagonist. Good people work for antagonists to save kidnapped family members. Evil mastermind fails to respect promises to restrained employees. Please old couple care tired heroes and be murdered for their problems. Some deaths that are dismissed as third parties arrive on stage before the coup of grace. Hero reluctantly joined secret state agency. Surrender of the elite struggle in protest against the slaughter of innocents. Scientists unable to control indestructible killer of their own creation. Outdated, but lovable government's secret weapon 'kills a better-designed but heartless sequel. Strolling away from the wreck and randomly shining a trace of gasoline behind him. After everyone has given up, flattened heart monitoring puts a pulse. Evil mastermind explains plans for the hero, he no longer sees as a threat. Hero refuses to kill defeated enemy because he is "better than that". Transparent cartoon relief character makes hilarious understatements and offbeat comments. Cheerful psychopath breeds in random murderous rage. Nigh indestructible goliaths strike each other through a number of walls and other physical trauma that would kill a single mortal. Man sends dozens of gun-handling enemies with nothing but skillful swords. Sans reason and physics, biology and chemistry legislation are temporarily abandoned. Antagonist by means of beloved one's murder as the reason for the creepy crusade. <br /> <br /> I could go on, but it's just exhausting. If you are over the age of 12 and do not live in the mother's cellar, there is probably nothing here for you. Depressed enough, it's not too far from couples for superhero movies so discount everything I've written if you can't get enough of the genre.
