Yet another movie about a group of less-than-intelligent people on a road trip wandering off their original itinerary for either a map or in this case visiting a dilapidated sideshow attraction. The results, as expected, are not at all good, as this side picture is home to a bunch of lunatic, farmed residents who were escaped from prison prisoners from years before. The father, who apparently is a professional photographer, just has to stop and take pictures of the place, only to discover that it is still inhabited. The various family members wander off to see the various attractions, just to be scared away. Thinking they did it safely on the road, the van deck explodes (surprise!) And lets them seek refuge and accommodations in the small town we find out is inhabited exclusively by freaks (surprise!). <br /> This movie plays out as expected, with the family stalked and killed by freaks. There are some fighting back on the family part, but that's probably among the worst scenes in the movie as they are poorly executed. There is nothing distant original here unless you count the completely inappropriate soundtrack played during certain scenes that completely destroys the atmosphere and mood of the movie. The play is as bad as I've seen for some time by everyone involved (it's pretty bad when your cast is out of the cast "Camp Blood"). The special effects are miserable and the end made me feel like pushing my television. <br /> <br /> Although, despite all the negative emotions, I enjoyed this movie, it certainly has a "so bad, that's good". I did it throughout the film and was even pleasantly entertained when I passed the ridiculously cliched plot, horrible plays and cheesy special effects. Although the ending left me feeling cheated and sour, especially because the movie is not so good at first and the end makes the whole movie meaningless. <br /> <br /> The bottom line I can list countless movies that if you've seen them, you've seen this. The difference is that most movies are better. Although it is not a complete waste, this movie is rather poor and not extremely scary. <br /> <br /> My character: D
