It's official, people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien doesn't have a thought in his beautiful little head. Are you wondering why he chose Shu Qi as his mouse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is it Qi?) not shown in this. Instead we get a snaggletoothed Yo Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan - judging by his song at the end, she is a pop star like the girl who serves you at Rockin 'Curry is "an actress" - and a wasted Tadanobu Asano, typically an indicator of quality, who is obliged not to do anything here but stand around and look like a mumbling Asian hipster and is too old to handle it himself. <br /> <br /> Keep's philosophy? Life is limbo, a great nothing, feels it and continues. I would like to do that, but Hou gives us nothing to feel in Cafe Lumiere beyond a dull picture essay of Life in Tokyo around 2003 and the flabbergasting observation that people are ships passing by at night, no, they do, trains that Pass in the day that never connects, each crooked to its own destination, usually a variant of a dark tunnel or perhaps a bridge if they are lucky. Yikes. Flowers in Shanghai are one of the most rare, technologically accomplished and fascinating films all the time. How could the same director who created the opening shot of the movie that includes about twelve actors recalling machine gun speed for about ten minutes - an impossible management feed - gets caught, making this laconic sub-Jarmusch reality movie into two movies in a row now ? Millennium Mambo can be deadweight, but at least it has two good shots, shoots that are linked to Hou's true calling as the film's corresponding Odilon Redon: These shots are the sex scene with the arrhythmic flashing lights and the opening shot of Shu Qi floating down a blue corridor . Hans M.O. while Cafe Lumiere seems to have been removing the two fantastic pictures from the Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. You are the judge if that sounds appealing. <br /> <br /> Hou doesn't have to refine - you can't find the limbo idea anymore than Flowers by Shanghai. He has to expand to flare outward to release the inner expressionist and genre revitalizer, which is so sensibly wiped out in clichéd minimalism. It's time for him to make a live action remake of Akira or something. This kind of art movie, where the actors must be authentic, because they are kept faceless in long shots and speaking in monosyllables, is now every last bit as safe, ghettoized and stagnant as the Hollywood action block. (What is the connection between "reality" and non-speaking people? It seems to me that people "in reality" never stop jabbing.) Then again, given that 2005 alone brought big budget films so different and rich in ideas like Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, it is now safe to say that even Michael Bay has exceeded Hou and it is really sad. The good news is that although Hou is in the 50s, it feels quite honest to me as if he hasn't even started. There are a few moments in this movie showing the promise there is still, for example, a moody bit early in the bookshop when the room dimmers to a bloody sunset-red while Hitoto talks about babies with goblin faces. But whatever fear keeps him back, but pleasantly it is to make the same movie over and over and be hailed by the happy and pretentious as the film's savior, Hou, your time as the beloved of Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin and whatever else are movie festivals, are almost up, and people are catching on your ruse-double-fast. Two words to you: Atom Egoyan. Two words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You now cribbing from both of these boring fraud that is about to rise up their own dark tunnels forever. Risk your shirt on a sci-fi epic, sell out, be pampered - but let the social criticism come to people who have no eye and no heart. Let your picturesque talent fully express itself. You will never get out of limbo otherwise.
