I am a relative latecomer to film transcript Yasujiro Ozu's transcendental work whose masterly underestimated view of Japanese life, especially in the post-WWII era, highlights universal truths. Having seen several of his landmark films as 1949's "Late Spring" and 1953's "Tokyo Story", I am convinced that Ozu had a special idiosyncratic gift that conveyed the series of emotions derived from intergenerational conflict through elliptical narratives and subtle images . It is the eye-catching desire of the Taiwanese instructor Hou Hsiao-hsien to pay tribute to Ozu in his hundred years with this generally exciting 2003 film. Among the actor T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to be getting the rights right, but does not capture the necessary emotional weight that would have made the ice pacing tolerable. <br /> <br /> The story relates to Y么ko, a young Japanese writer examining life in Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan, where she learned Japanese. After 25 minutes of character set-up, she tells her father and grandmother that she is pregnant by one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Y么ko's coffee bar Hajime, who runs a used bookstore, has had an obsession for trains and seems likely to fall in love with her. Hsiao-hs connects this sleek plot line with a series of shots held for disproportionately long times as the frame composition changes. There are also long stretches of silence as well as an abundance of scenes by train. Although these techniques are in line with Oz's style, Hsiao-hsia cannot seem to dive into the characters' psyche as Ozu did with maximum fluidity and minimal teatrics. In particular, Yoko's situation seems to be rather unfounded in the form of the drama presented and her parents' reaction is far too passive to keep much interest. In fact, the whole movie has an atmosphere of exhaustion around it, making the film feel endless. <br /> <br /> The performances are discreet, but hardly memorable. J-pop star Yo Hitoto brings a natural ease to Y么ko, while Tadanobu Asano is a bit of a cipher like Hajime. The rest of the characters hardly register, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Y么ko's parents. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing provides expert work, even though he violates a cardinal rule of Ozu film by not keeping the camera steady under shots. Hitoto tells the catching pop song used over he ends credits, "Hito-Shian". The DVD features an hour-long, French-made documentary, "Metrology," which actually helps to give some of the connection to Hsiao-hsien's approach to the movie. It contains excerpts from Oz's movies, especially "Equinox Flower", to show the parallels with this movie, but surprisingly no mention of either "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", the obvious basis for some scenes and situation set-ups. There are also edited interviews from Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as the movie's trailer.
