CREEPSHOW 2 is the bad sequel to George Romero's (overrated) original, CREEPSHOW. Any successor to a Romero movie not directed by Romero himself has some big shoes to fill, mostly because of Romero fans out there who think he's God. I didn't care about the first movie and funny enough, I didn't care about the sequel. The film series had so much potential, but it was short-lived because both films were smaller than stellar. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it only had three stories (excluding the intermediate story), and because the first story sucked without faith, it left only the chance for nearly half of the movie to be * really * good. I saw CS 2 in the cinema, and the first segment was a real groaner. Something dramatic with George 'I can't act' Kennedy is automatically convicted and Indian statue history was too hokey and simply did not belong to this sequel. So after a really tired and boring start, there were only two other stories left to reverse the failure of the interrupted beginning, and unfortunately the other two stories were not big enough to forget the first story. RAFT and HITCHHIKER are moderately successful, moderate, because even though the other two segments have their moments, they are still falling flat. The last two stories are basically stretched out for a long time. It was not that I wanted the stories to happen at a dizzying pace and end quickly, but both good ideas found in these stories became the variety invalid by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually fell flat as the segments were to be more energetic, more irregular and with punchier endings. If the last two stories had not been stretched to cover the film or all three segments were more short with better editing and direction, they could also have added a much-needed fourth story to the pile. Having only three padded segments made for a boring party. <br /> <br /> The play and the writing in both THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER segments are from terrible to good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. It's probably her best moment on the screen apart from her role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and in DEATH on the Nile. But even her role is difficult to understand at times due to the useful direction and the unfocused history. Should we hate her or sympathize with her? Should we sympathize with the annoying hitchhiker? If the hitchhiker's body was found by other people on the road, what was he when he attacked Chile? Was he a ghost or a zombie or what? How did the body leave the presence of the other people who found him dead to attack Chiles? The whole thing is not quite clear, even for a supernatural story. And the end is pretty dull and unintentional. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous THE RAFT story, the play is mostly on the horrible side and none of the characters are sympathetic or interesting. The characters would have been more interesting if the actors played themselves. None of the players are convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the stupid jock he plays, and the actress who plays her boyfriend is not very convincing as the typical bitchy plains. She seems too shameful. The same could be said with the other two who play the "ordinary" teenagers. The idea of ​​killer oil slick is interesting and creepy, but not well done. There should have been a fifth character to the story, perhaps a homeless man or a ranger who lurks around the lake and knows about the oil grinding and could have been the alter ego of the aqueous monster. It's as scary as the oil grinder is that it doesn't give a convincing "character". And the way history ends, everything seems meaningless. No blow to it at all. Apart from the few titling aspects that always seem to make dull things worthwhile, CREEPSHOW 2 at a theater was largely a waste of money and time. CS 2 is more rental material than anything you pay to look at the big screen.
