We've all been there, sitting with some friends and watching a bad movie, laughing at how terrible it was and how poor the actor was; Finally, the credits and all roll and say "how is it possible to make such a movie? Who paid money to get this script into a feature film?" Well Jigsaw isn't that kind of movie, instead of asking how this waste was budgeted, wondering why decision makers were shot out of a cannon into the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is probably the worst movie ever made or conceived, it comes from a guy who has seen Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The movie starts in a kind of college class, what kind of class am I unsure about, but it is supposed to be an art class. Now these dorks have got a final project of their idiotic teacher, five of them get pieces of a mannequin and told to design it in any way they deem appropriate, and since there are only five, the other students in the class and automatically receive A Oddly enough, there are only six students in this class, so one goth chic gets a free A, good for her! One week passes, and the five students, plus teacher, plus a hillbilly man meet in a bar to discuss their and complete their project, put the pieces together, head, arms, legs and inform the others why they chose their specific designs, now that these creative geniuses spent the week to their full advantage, putting a saw blade in the left hand, the other getting a sawn shotgun, the right leg getting a bunch of broken ceramics glued to it and left some magazine spills, the head being the worst to get one camera in the eye, ala Hellraiser 3, with some bottle caps for a stylish mo-hawk. After all of them have wasted their gut on their specific designs, the now intoxicated teacher says they should burn mannequin, now the appropriate name change. Now it has been the standard horrible movie fair, bad acting, dialogue and everything else, but it has still been pretty plausible, but after the Jigsaw catches off, things take a trip to the worst ... Jigsaw comes alive. How to Ask? I have no idea, he just does so because the authors could not think in a realistic way for molded plastic to be alive to two pounds (Come on guys, a light box, a travel voodoo priest, everything could have worked.) As soon as Jigsaw comes alive, he uses his new skills to go very slowly and stuttered with the use of his cast fingers to destroy chaos. First, he kills the cool guy with a certain barb wire, this guy who was getting it on with a hot chic, deciding to drink beer in the removed is more important than what's in front of him. With him gone jigsaw shoots the sexy girl in the face and then gives an old man a heart attack with a small bend in his head, then he saw an unpleasant looking southern woman and then his shelf man; Jigsaw then kills the nerdy guy with a bit of headless deception. Did I mention Jigsaw was taking body parts of his victims to make a human version of himself? None! Well it is not important that they do not even show their macabre creation, they do not even show that he steals a torso from his poor creators. Perhaps he tried to create the main detective from In Living Color. So after these five have been killed, the teacher and the nerd girl are all back, the teacher discovers that Jigsaw only needs a head to finish his masterpiece as he is still not interested in the torso thing. So it's jail he is the teacher binds the girl as a victim to Jigsaw who comes in to go to the teacher with his electric buzz miss that is not even connected. This is where the freaking movie ends, we don 't even see the teacher being killed or what happens to the girl, let alone an explanation of why Jigsaw came to life or how he cleaned himself after being burned. This movie is so shameful, it is also seen that it is only 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day; For memories of a lifetime, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thanks Total Recall! The judge has ruled, see only Jigsaw if your plans to separate your genitals seem to be the game.
