This movie really disappointed me. The action is terrible. Incredible. And it's about actors. The story is incredibly obvious: A group of independent actors plays a Passion Play, and again they begin to live the lives of the characters they play. I've seen many movies lately, thanks to Netflix, and that's the first thing I haven't seen all the way through for a long time. I felt I didn't need to see the end; we all know the end of this story. For some it seems that this "modernization" of the Gospels is either sanctifying or enlightening. I cannot speak to anything about this as I was not raised in the Christian Church. That said, I was raised in the United States and I am living in an ever-Christian culture. I'm curious about Jesus and about the modernization of religion, for better or worse. I haven't seen Mel Gibson's version, but I guess those who liked it will like this, except the most conservative. I just wish this was a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many of these reviews praised Arand's direction and especially the filmmaker. I also didn't like. The movie itself is pretty prudish and preachy. I didn't believe in the person's persona, and I was never involved in their life on the screen. The game within the drama is very dated and will not, I believe, carry it even in a real-time production. But it is next to that point. What I really needed for this to work would have been a stronger development of the characters and plotted to support the philosophical and theological issues that the film would like to be about. And the musical choices are obvious and unoriginal. <br /> <br /> There were two examples of this that come in easily. First, there is a reintroduction of the parable that Jesus is running money lenders from the temple: the leading role that has fallen for the woman who wants to play Magdalena and who is also a model and dancer, gets furious that she must debase by auditioning for a commercial (with a vicious producer and lots of panting men in the audience) with his pants away. He drops the place and chases them all out. I think that's the level the movie wants to achieve. The romance between these two is completely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized, and the scene is played as a high-school rendering of a salesman's death, that is, not good. Please stop beating me over with this high hand "meaning". The other is the relationship between the other woman leader and the pastor who has asked them to do the play and who ultimately turn to them and betray them to the corrupt church of today. Why. Why is she sleeping with this guy. "It brings him so much joy and so little pain." Oh, the saintlyhore and the lovable old coot. It seems to be just enough for Arcand to denote, but not worth being able to enrich and experience these characters. They go through the movements and I reach the draft button. <br /> <br /> Feel free to write me as bored, jaded or just not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and watch the Passion in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, delivered as an amateur and gimmicky charade. Feel free to have all your preconceived ideas confirmed and see any kind of artistic integrity left for monotonous drive. But don't say I didn't warn you.
