It's hard to tell if Noonan and Marshall are trying to get Abbott & Costello, Martin & Lewis, Curley & Larry or any other comedy team, but whoever they were trying to imitate, they miserably failed. There is hardly a faint laugh in this incredibly stupid picture. Noonan (who helped write the alleged "script") and Marshall has no body at all; Marshall seems to be trying for a Dean Martin type of devil-maybe-care chill, but he doesn't even come far away. God knows what Noonan thought he was doing, but it wasn't funny. He seems to think he is flipping his arms and legs a lot and staring stupidly at all, and everything is the screen's comedy height; Maybe for him it is, but not for the audience. I remember seeing this in the theaters when it came out. It was at the bottom of a double bill with a three-year-old Jeff Chandler western ("Sky's Pills" which was pretty good) and a Three Stooges card ("Sappy Bullfighters" which was not) and about. 20 minutes into this thing all the children threw in the audience things on the screen; It was so staggering that it is not even measured up to the worst of the three Stooges shorts. I stayed at the end of it (not what I wanted, but my people didn't have to pick me up before the movie ended) and when it was over, I was the only one in the theater. I saw it again about 15 or so years ago on cable one night and stuck to see it to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It was worse. The only thing that was coming to that was Julie Newmar, who was as smokeless as ever; Other than her, this thing definitely has nothing to recommend it. The two also play Japanese soldiers, and the way they do it makes Jerry Lewis' notorious game of Japanese characters as thick, lenticular, tanned, gibbering mental defects that look good in comparison. Marshall continued to host "Hollywood Squares", and Noonan continued to make films, but most were just as bad as this. Not quite because I don't think anything can be as bad as this. A truly pathetic waste of film. Don't waste your time on it.
