"Kings and Queen" is an inflated French drama that falls into an interminable two hours and fifty-two minutes without any visible point or purpose. <br /> <br /> The movie has two stories that apparently are not related initially, but which eventually connect with each other about half way through the movie. The first centers around Nora and her struggle with different men in her life, including an elderly father who discovers that he has only a few days left to live. The second story involves a young man named Ismael, a violinist who finds himself placed - unfairly, he believes - in a mental institution through an unknown third-party machinations. Having traveled on separate tracks for a while, these two narrative strings come together as we learn that Ismael is a former lover of Noras and the man she has chosen to adopt her son from a former tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a little more focus and significant streamlining, "Kings and Queen" may have been a powerful and exciting drama about modern relationships. It certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional power, and the performance is mostly complex and touching. But, as a whole, the movie flings and thrives to such an extent that it frankly begins to destroy our patience and eradicate its welcome early. Even more disturbing is the fact that while we use what seems like a mild eternity to these people, we really don't really know what to do about any of them when the show is finally over. Eg. Writes Nora's father on his deathbed, a dizzying diatribe against his daughter's character, which simply does not cope with the woman we have been looking at for well over two hours. Nora is certainly no mother Theresa (then again, who is?), But she certainly does not deserve the invective thrown at her by her own father. Nora could be accused of being confused, indecisive, somewhat self-absorbed at times, but vicious enough to get her father wishing he could give her his cancer and cause her to die in his place? I do not think. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this movie simply works at a depth I couldn't understand. But my suspicion is that even author Roger Bohbot and co-author / director Arnaud Desplechin would have difficulty explaining their purpose here. This is a well-acted, pretentious drill of a movie that takes the viewer a long walk through a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that leaves him no wiser or more enlightened at the end than he was at the beginning.
