"Rois et Reine" is a bubbly mess on a movie that is likely to annoy as many viewers as it is delicious. It focuses on turning on ex-lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric), as they each face a major crisis in their now separate lives. While Nora's story is played equally and is bleak in tone, Ismael's games are played primarily for grinning, even though it is not particularly fun. Nora's crisis is triggered by the final illness of her father Louis (Maurice Garrel) and Ismaels at his sudden imprisonment in a mental hospital at the request of a mysterious third party. Ismael and Louis are just two of the men who have shaped Nora's life, and in turn have been shaped by her, the most notable others are her now deceased first love Pierre and their young son Elias. As events past and present are played out to the public, and ex-lovers become involved in each other's life once again, it gradually emerges that Nora's personal endorsement of his life story can be less reliable than one first meets. <Br /> <br /> Cultural director Arnaud Desplechin has designed a major accident here, one that has created large plaudits in France. He deliberately abolishes established narrative convention and develops the film through a series of dramatic shifts in mood and tone. Had this approach been based on a coherent unifying core idea or theme, it could have worked, but it is not clear at last what exactly Desplechin's film is actually about. Powerful devotion to Greek mythology and freudian theory is obviously carried with meaning, but at least for this unschooled movie-goer it remains less than useful to enlighten and interpret the characters' lives. At other times, treatment in kitsch lapses, but the use of the anodyne "Moon River" as the film's theme indicates that this is likely to be conscious. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler alert ** I suspect a main theme of film is the not so original remark that how we see ourselves may differ radically from how others see us or even how we think others see us. This idea is apparently represented in the film by Pierre's violent death and revelation contained in Louis 'secret diary, but unfortunately both events seem completely independent of what has otherwise been revealed to the audience of Pierre and Louis' respective relationship with Nora. This seems to be a cheat on Desplechin's side, as if he were pushing the idea on us in an informal form rather than illustrating it more subtly in the narrative's natural course. One or two dark surrealistic handshakes involve the presence of an alternative, but largely unconscious, world of people who have been scared away from frightening barracks, but again feel more like pretentious intrusion into filmmaking rather than outbursts of a deeper truth reservoir is related to the story. In fact, the characters of all their heavy hands are in-depth curiously undeveloped and untapped, as if they are more like digits for their creator's many ideas of people rather than as real people in their own right. Much of the details of their lives seem arbitrarily used rather than organic. Ismael, for whom we are constantly reminded, is, for example, a viola player, but more than two hours pass before we actually see or hear him play, and the effect of his chosen instrument or profession on his personality is never elaborated. Therefore, he may as well be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain manic charm to the uninhibited, but ultimately sensuous Ismael, but I found Devos cloying and monotonous (which, however, may be appropriate) as the elusive Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon is Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as his psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as the psychologically wounded, but the incredible Sinologist who turns to the hospital is the greatest impact among the supporting actors. Catherine Deneuve is also in it, although her role is slightly more than a self-reflecting cameo. <br /> <br /> In the end, "Rois et Reine" is very much an acquired taste. If you can't push your buttons, it is very likely that Desplegin's unspoken and florid approach will frustrate and aggravate even if you are somehow watching.
