This is another of these 'people vs. insects / eco-horror' features; a theme that was popular in the late 70s. Only you can't really call it horror. There is no excitement and no cruel events. In other words: This movie is pretty boring. It's not that it's really bad or anything; It's just very boring. A construction site near a hotel reveals a large nest of ants. Later, we learn that probably because of various forms of pesticides used in the past, their bites became toxic. Some people get bitten and rushed to the hospital, and it takes ages for hospital residents to find out what's going on. Robert Foxworth shows it first, and then you can see him go on maternity with a digging machine for what looks like several hours. Then they fly into the house waiting to be rescued. And you have to see all the efforts they make to save them. I don't want to spoil too much, but at some point they even use a big helicopter. The whole time I looked at it, I sat and thought, "Come on, people, you have all your shoes on. Just run out of the building. It's all pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are plenty of close-ups of creeping ants shown throughout the movie. Ants in the garden. Ants in the waste. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the sink. And the best part: Ants crawl on people's faces, while the actors breathe through sprinkles. But when you see groups of ants in wider shoots, they actually look like black rice, they put the designers glued to the wall. <br /> <br /> A little surprise came close to the end. No, it has nothing to do with a twist in the plot. It was just that Brian Dennehy appeared as a firefighter. Ehrr ... What else can I say? This film is called IT HAPPENED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR, but pictorial art on my copy read ANTS, and the title under the opening credits was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. There you have it. Now, as this is a TV movie from the 70's, I am again very mild in my last assessment. Now, The SAVAGE BEES, another 'people vs. insects' television movie from 1976 was much better than this one. I feel myself having to go back and add a few points to his rating after seeing ANTS. Lack of excitement, action, excitement, shock and creepiness, all you will be left with after seeing ANTS is an annoying itch.
