About the only thing I liked about this movie is that there was just enough in it to keep me in my seat to the end ... I was thinking that maybe in the next row things would gel ... Alas .. . <br /> <br /> Those who like Gus Van Sants movie - especially his later - will probably like this. Personally, I find van Sants film to be boring, pretentious and easy. Well, he was an executive producer for this movie, so it's not surprising that the movie could almost be made by him - even though I actually liked it better than van Sant's latest effort (eg Elephant). <br /> <br /> Unlike many here, I didn't think the movie was hard to understand or inconsistent. I thought, above all, is a movie that wants to portray a particular mood - a young person's mood slowly walks into the adult world - but so slowly that the changes are hardly visible if at all. But I feel that the problem with the movie is that "mood" is not enough ... and not just that, but the mood painted here is, in my opinion, wrongly chosen for the story that is supposedly happening. The dream-like quality that is so closely related to nature is beautifully captured here, but it is a mood that is much more like a much younger child, one who is really still quite caught up in seeing nature unfold (waves on a beach, grass and flowers, spiders, etc.). The rhythm of the movie reminds me of my summers when I was about eight or nine. There is a LANGUOR for the movie, which is in contrast to what must be a very exciting time in a youth life. When you are caught in love with someone - or being the subject of bullying at school - you are something but dull! There are only two moments that really worked for me in the movie ... SPOILERS HERE - first when Logan drops groceries and his mother throws a bit of a fit. The frustration of an adult dealing with a clumsy child - especially without father present - seemed right to me. <br /> <br /> The second and only part of the movie with some excitement to it were the scenes where "Leah" (Logan's restoration by itself) phones the Rodeo and tries to seduce him into phone calls. The first reason I liked it is that the person who made the voice-over of "Leah" was the most compelling actor in the whole movie. (It made me think of Claire Danes from My So-Called Life ... the voice even sounds like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only scenes that seemed completely credible between the kids. And what I especially liked was the fact that Rodeo only seemed to play together ... it was perhaps the best moment in the movie that - finally! - We have little character development. All in all, a little wrong action ... we'll have to see what he's doing in his next movie before we can really say much about the director's possible talents. Meanwhile, if he can get away from van Sant's influence, it can make him a good world. Who is this director at least - one of van Sant's boy toys?
