First of all, this movie is GLACIALLY slow, and I can see most viewers losing patience with it completely in the first thirty minutes. <br /> <br /> The subject of the film was one that I think would form the basis of an excellent movie; What was missing most here was a plot that would promote the underlying themes. It is unfortunate because I am in the hands of an author who (says) Lanford Wilson I believe symbolism as a mountain lion invades a School campus could assume large, tragic proportions without being heavy hands. I think, with a good script that supports the movie, the same movie creator with the same taste and even with the same actors (who didn't really even get a chance to impress me), could have been able to present a meaningful and touching on the pain and struggles a boy goes through when he develops a strong "crush" on an older boy he admires. But I'm sorry to say this without this foundation and armed with a vague, boring and very uninteresting script without any plot in sight and lacking any kind of sensible structure (for example, after seeing it, I think you will discover that you cannot point to climax images, and instead, find yourself listing "good, maybe the scene, or one, was climax ..." - the result is 95 minutes of tedium. <br /> <br /> Without a good plot we will never be terribly interested in any of the characters their trials and difficulties are simply boring and boring. <br /> <br /> Without a good plot, dramatic entities and surrealistic directorial freedoms become confusing and confusing rather than history enhancements. I could never really believe that "Leah" was created, and I think most viewers would be completely confused by the conventional way her phone calls were filmed. <br /> <br /> When the movie stands, I'm afraid it's one I can't recommend at all. What I can never understand is why a movie like this is not remade by an enterprising filmmaker ... instead of all the mediocre restorations of movies that were superlative good in the first release! All it needs is a good script written by good authors, and I think this movie could easily be transformed into an unforgettable classic about an aspect of the male upcoming age rarely dealt with in drama. All the elements that were so boring and then seemed to recherche in the movie (the messages written on the boy's stomach, the Leah scenes, the TV screen fantasies) could become rich if they supported a good STORYLINE. <br /> <In a few comments I see that people are talking about this movie, which is somehow about a "gay" topic, and I think that is wrong. Obviously, the "crush" is depicted by a recent adolescent boy on an older youth girl, but Logan's character is far too young to have definitely determined sexual choices, and in his depicted masturbation fantasies we see all sorts of stimuli, sexual and non-sexual as we would expect in a very young boy like him. I think "crushes" like Logans are common among male adolescents who grow up to have a particular preference for female sex partners.
