The movie began with Wheeler sneaking into his girlfriend. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - someone too talented for this movie) did not like Wheeler - a feeling I can easily relate to. The aunt decided to take this gentle young lady abroad to get her away from Wheeler. They left, and Wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him their king. At about the same time, Woolsey was in the same little mythical kingdom, and he became king. So when Wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight it, but they refused because they are already friends - which greatly disappointed the people as killing and replacing kings is a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I'm a big fan of the Golden Age of Hollywood comedy - the silent era of the 1940s. I have seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands of these movies, and yet despite my love and understanding of these films, I have never been able to understand the Wheeler and Woolsey appellant - the only comedy team that can be just as bad as Ritz Brothers ! Despite being very successful in their short Hollywood career (briefly because of Robert Woolsey's early death), I can't help but notice that virtually every other successful team did the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, there were many elements in this movie reminiscent of Marx Brother's movie, DUCK SOUP, but CRACKED NUTS never made me laugh, and DUCK SOUP was a silly and extremely entertaining drum. At times, Woolsey talked a bit like Groucho, but his jokes never punchlines that even distant are fun! In fact, he just seemed to cheat meaningless. His only fun quality was that he saw the fog - probably not enough reason to put him on film. In addition, Wheeler had the comical appeal of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! One missed option was the old Vaudeville routine, which later became popular by Abbott and Costello as "who is in the first place" that was made in this movie, but it lacked any spark or time. In fact, just after they started their game, they just ended the routine - so too early that you've been frustrated. I knew that "who is in the first place" had existed for many years and used by many teams, but I really wanted to see that Wheeler and Woolsey give it a fair shot and give it their own twist. <br /> <br /> Once again, I have found yet another sub-movie of this duo. While I have to admit that I liked a couple of their films (like SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I actually gave 6 on IMDb), this was a great endurance test to complete - something I find all too often , when I watch the movies from Wheeler and Woolsey. Where was all the humor?
