End result: 1.8 (out of 10) Having seen 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back', I must have been on a great Eliza Dushku kick when I rented this movie. 'Soul Survivors' is an unwanted "psychological thriller" dressed up as a fragile teenage flip - even to the point of having a masked killer stem throwing young up-and-comers like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty) , Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona) and similar star Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also in there, ridiculously mistaken as a priest. The movie, actor / director Stephen Carpenter, looks like a mutant offspring from 'Open Your Eyes' or 'Vanilla Sky' and movies where a character (and audience) is trapped in a world of dilliness caused by an accident / death . The film keeps churning out confusing images and leaves us in a state of confusion all the time before this alternative reality is finally resolved. I don't think these movies are so entertaining - by their very nature - to begin with, but 'SS' is a cheap movie on the bottom that you can cut. Visuals, the script, the actor and the attempt at any originality are all throwaway thought for movies like this. Plus, it's PG-13 so it doesn't even deliver Gore or T&A to maintain it as a guilty pleasure (though the non-classified version is pretty). I had heard that the movie featured some "hot" shower scene between Dushku & Sagemiller. As the film fell apart in front of me, and all other entertainment seemed to be lost, I thought myself waited patiently for the shower scene - at least I would get something out of this. Then it comes: the two girls get paint on their shirts, they jump in the shower completely dressed and scrub it off. That is it. People thought it was hot? 'Soul Survivors' is one of the drop-dead boring movies that is so weak and unfortunate that it's hard to have any feelings at all against it. It doesn't matter and is hardly worth writing about. In the end, it leaves us empty. The carpenter's finale is a mess of flashing lights and pounding sound, and that's probably the most lively part. It will undoubtedly be to make the rounds as a late night slap on the US or Sci-Fi Channel, because of the low price and PG-13 rating - and that's probably best for it.
