The world faces imminent destruction, and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to avert disaster by shooting a bomb in its burning heart: yes, it is Solar Crisis, also the 2050 crisis that burned up much of the change that is never clearly on display back in 1990 and hardly returned enough to buy a good meal for each of the cast in Japan before going straight to video (remember them?) in a re-edited version credited to an Alan Smithee. The plot hook is basically the same as Sunshine - suicide mission to the sun, saboteur on board, logical cast operation - except that this time they are not trying to regain the sun but prematurely detonate a solar flare before it can reach the ground. With a talking bomb. Published by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so the crew will take him more seriously ?? Considering the cast also includes Jack Palance at his most denied OTT, Charlton Heston at his most rigid, top-liner Tim Matheson in his most anonymous, the original Hills Have Eyes' unforgettable Michael Berryman (you may not remember the name, but you remember that face) and Peter Boyle as the industry out to sabotage the mission because if successful, the world will be rescued but his stock price will go down you would expect if not at least a laugh in a moment a laugh every wheel . No joy. This is the worst kind of bad movie: a boring one. The fate of the world can hang in the balance, but the whole movie is shot with a complete lack of urgency or momentum in the same unvarying deadly slow pace. There is a low key that goes through it, but here does not even throw it. Instead, they just stand still and look at screens in almost dark for most of the time. You keep hoping that Paul Williams' talking bomb will suffer an existential crisis, but instead the movie just ... and does almost nothing. Literally. This is one of the most inert movies ever made ?? so inert, that if Clive Owen had been thrown, he would almost have looked lively in comparison. Even a poorly explained suicide repair attempt fails to increase interest, as it mainly involves the cast standing standing on screens in near darkness. Even when the bomb prematurely goes down the countdown before they are launched, they handle the new crisis of ?? still standing and looking at screens in almost dark as if they were constantly in the world. Merchant-Ivory movies have better action scenes. Things are not much livelier on the ground, where the film spends most of it running time with Matheson's son / Chuck's grandson Corin Nemec trying to make a trip to spaceport across a dry landscape with Palance's crazy desert artist "looking for that note out there, while the chickens still dig me "while being rejected by a Mad Max ripoff and evil corporate suits that track him down so they can? Drop him on a nice beach. Just don't expect logic if you haven't already guessed so much. Best moment? A lazy girl in a bar describing Jack Palance as "An old guy with white hair and a face like rotting leather", although Chucky Baby took the villain fly with a bazooka lighthouse from the hip from an office window or hit a barfly like his bears are welcome small camps in a movie that for 99% of the running time gives a lot of nuttin '. Richard C. Sarafian's slightly longer original cut, played in Japan, gives another six minutes, but shouts out to be cut to a more manageable 17 minutes: The Vanishing Point director must have thanked his lucky stars when the re-edited him an excuse to take his name from the movie. A movie so bad, it's not good, and painfully unfunny with it
