Really, the use of stock nature documentary by swarming bats employed by THE BAT PEOPLE is some of the most effective ever. There are shoots of abundant bats hanging from the ceilings of caves, swarming bats flying out of caves or swirling around the caves. That alone is enough to be disturbing: Imagine that all of them swarm for you? And they actually swear in what should have been a show-stop sequence that happened in about 40 minutes of marking, a straightforward eerie sequence where a teeming swarm of bats seems to attack a police car, splatters over the windscreen as bloody broken eggs. The problem is that this sequence happens about fifty minutes late to save the movie, most of which consist of one or more people running around, screaming, waving their arms jabbering excited about some poor goofball that managed to be bitten of a bat in his vacation. The fear is that he comes down with rabies, which actually sucks so their vacation is destroyed, as plot synopsis at the top of the BAT PEOPLE reference page actually points out. So here's an effective summary of the movie: A young couple walks on a romantic getaway that is destroyed when the guy is bitten by a bat. They immediately try to keep it out, but he starts to rave and tries to convince them that it is a bit more involved than rabies that he cannot control himself and they must all stay away. <br /> <br /> Now that somebody is flushing his mouth covered with sweat, his eyes are falling like one of the cheaper Muppets and screaming at you to get away from me, you get away from him. You're not trying to give him drugs, you're not trying to tell him you love him, you give the guy his place, go home and try the scenic getaway next year. <br /> <br /> But no, the people in this movie act like morons, insist on pushing the guy to the chest, and he flips out, mutates to a part of the bat type creature and kills a bunch of non-essential secondary characters . Nothing wrong with that, but the film forgets that it is a low budget creature feature and is trying to be a kind of psychological study. Instead of a monster movie, we get lots of people running around trying to get this guy to take a chill pill, and eventually he runs into the hills that look much more human than he should have, people insist that try to chase him down and pay the expected price. The most important thing about the movie is that this should have happened in the first fifteen or twenty minutes, thirty peaks, and the film should have been about the guy after he had turned into a Bat Person, rather than about the journey there. It takes a good fifty minutes to really gather steam on the front page with some interesting drawing sketches along the way with the ever-entertaining Michael Pataki as a small city politician who has lost his moral edge and the late Paul Carr as a doctor friend who doesn't get quite the message. <br /> <br /> The movie is terribly boring, about fifteen minutes too long and missed the opportunity to be a good, forgettable little creature feature about a mutant run crazy like the Italian horror favorite RATMAN, which I saw today and was unfortunately inspired to try this after seeing. Me and my bright ideas, even though the scene with the police car was a scream: We couldn't have had another twenty minutes of it. <br /> <br /> 3/10
