"Bat People" is a proud resident of IMDb Bottom 100. Every time, the movie suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new films with Paris Hilton in the lead or documentary on American idol stars, but it always returns reliably sooner or later . And why? Because, unlike the majority of crap in the list "The Bat People" is a legitimate bad movie, it deserves to be there no matter what media impact or internet buzz! This is hardly the worst movie ever made, as the basic concept certainly has some charm and ingenuity, but it is still indescribably difficult to sit through the whole thing. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessarily padded footage and gigantic continuity gaps, yet the protagonists are still totally alien throughout the film. Apart from a sensible manuscript, the film also lacks spectacular killings and makeup effects ?? although courtesy of a young Stan Winston ?? is ridiculously incomplete and remains largely invisible until the end of the film. The movie's title is inaccurate, as "people" refer to a number in the majority, while the story is actually about a Bat Person. Much more than Bruce Wayne plays the real Batman in this movie, and he also has a real Bat hole and a Bat mobile (a stolen ambulance)! The reason introduces a young couple on their honeymoon-weekend exploration caves. They walk out of a guided tour group, and he is bitten by a bat while trying to protect his wife from the beast's evil attacks. Concerned that he may be infected with rabies, he is undergoing intense treatment at the local hospital, but it still does not prevent him from slowly turning into a bloodthirsty bat. He kills random people at night and toys around with the suspicious police sergeant, while his loving wife is still convinced that the awkward behavior is solely due to allergic reactions to rabies treatment. Of course treasure! The script never explains why a bat would attack people, and how does John always change to a normal person at the beginning of a new day instead of gradually becoming a permanent state of bat-guano. So basically "The Bat People" is a variation on the good old werewolf theme, but of course not a very interesting one. The concept showed a lot of potential, but somehow the sub-complex is centered on whiny drunks and perverted Sheriffs rather than on horrible monsters. Some of the settings and exterior movie theaters look impressive, the vicious song played under the credits is strangely captivating, there is a good deal going on under the climax (finally!) And starring Marianne McAndrew is amazing to watch (though not listening to ). This actual bad and boring movie's current bottom 100 listing is spot number 80, and I personally hope it stays somewhere in that region. The list would simply not feel and traditional without "The Bat People".
