Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II starts at the Hamilton High School prom in 1957, where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) cheats on her date Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill finds out and is destroyed, meanwhile, Mary Lou has announced prom queen 1957 and goes to the stage to accept her prize. Bill, still hurt, decides to play a practical joke on Mary Lou so he throws a firefighter on stage, but the still-lit fuse catches Mary Lou's dress that sets it on, within seconds Mary Lou is toast. 30 years later & Hamilton High is soon to hold the annual prom night. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now starring and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis) dating Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both are planning to go to prom together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, the dreadful night 30 years ago still jokes Bill & Bud. One day, Vicki looks around at the cellar of the school when she discovers a big suitcase that she opens, it turns out to be a bad move when Mary Louven's avid spirit is free and intends to claim her crown as a prom queen and in her spare time goes out to avenge her incredible death. First up is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death is suicide, Mary Lou begins to possess Vicki's body as the night approaches on the promenade. After disposing of some competitions in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes), who tries to adjust to prom, she wins. Mary Lou in Vicki's body is crowned Hamilton High prom queen, which allows Mary Lou to get back from the dead to get an unexpected look and really experience the party ... <br /> <br /> With absolutely no connection for Original Prom Night (1980) & directed by Bruce Pittman I thought Hi Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a very good movie. The script by Ron Oliver concentrates more on supernatural elements rather than cheap teen scary themes, whether it be a good or bad decision, depends on your expectations. Personally, I found these different elements not really gel or work it well together at all. The whole movie was far to slow to be really fun. After the opening order where Mary Lou dies, no one else is killed until the half-hour mark & ​​then the movie goes on for another half an hour until Vicki finally holds up the momentum for the climax where an evil Mary Lou kills a whole person on the promenade before she supposedly defeated, came on horror movie fans you had expected klichéd 'killer not dead and ready for a sequel' did you not end? Don't expect a high body count, just five in the whole movie and no special graphics, although I liked the way Monica (Beverley Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a shower room that Mary Lou shattered and resulted in poor Monica blood oozing out The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II depicted by Vicki with lots of hallucinations in the first hour, and Mary Lou controls objects in the final stages, including a couple of eerie shots of a rocking horse coming to life, the board The scene is pretty good, as good as it gets to water & zombie hands pulling Vicki into it. Slasher side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not unique, I liked Mary Lou herself as she knocks out the mandatory one-liners & she made a good villain even though she didn't get enough people to kill. Oh, yes yes, I got to run to various other horror movie directors with almost every character's sharing of surnames with one, this of course doesn't add anything to the movie, but it's a good little print I suppose. The action is OK, but the normally reliable Micheal Ironside looks lost and uninterested almost as if he were asking himself what he was doing in this, and if he would ever work again. Forget about something, someone is hung, there's a stabbing with a cross that happens on the screen, a person is charged with a neon light, a computer gets crazy and electrocuts a few faces (!?) And Mary Lou bursts out of Vicki's body at First like a rotting zombie, which was quite a cool scene. There are also some full frontal nudity shots in the girls' shower too, if that's your thing. Giving it a little credit Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is ok to watch, has reasonable production values ​​throughout and is generally well made. All in all, I was disappointed by Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was just too slow and ultimately inevitable to maintain my interest for almost 100 minutes. I am not sure if it deserves a 3 or 4 star rating, I give it a 4, since there is nothing specifically wrong with it, I suppose, and I have gone through much worse movies, but it just didn't matter for I'm afraid of me
