I just got the British 4-disc special edition of Superman 1 for about $ 5. The extra stuff includes the 1951 Superman and Mole-Men feature. So I hit it in the DVD player last night, and here are my results. <br /> <br /> Some initial disappointment - I hadn't checked, and I think I was mentally labeled as one of the Kirk Alyn serial numbers. I'm not a big fan of George Reeves as Superman, and I had seen nothing but the weird clip of Kirk Alyn - but hey, nothing. <br /> <br /> This black and white production runs in less than an hour. It has the feeling of a couple of episodes of one of Reeves' early television shows, a two-party set up for cinema release, although IMDb says it was recorded as a cinema release prior to the first TV -series. In any case, it's a strange choice of reasons I come to later. I'm at an age where I remember television and film productions limited to one or two places and sets, so there were no big surprises here. But for a low budget film, this is really REAL low budget. The story relates to the small town of Silsby - population 1,430 - which is also wonderfully home to the world's deepest oil well (6 miles). The story opens with the well's foreman, who quickly takes steps to shut down the well. This is in violation of the arrival of Metropolis reporters Kent and Lane to report the well at the oil company's request. When Clark sniffs out the fact that the drill has appeared in a radioactive hole 6 miles down, a pair of odd little guys (small in stature, big in the head, black in jumpsuit and shrub in eyebrows) emerges from the limited drillshaft and start by rounding the city with confused expressions on their faces. <br /> <br /> A deep breath now, here is the remaining plot of the picture. The little guys scare some kids, so Jeff Corey (playing the city's fierce xenophobe) encourages some friends to kill these "creatures." Superman enters (moderately inefficient) and catches one of the little guys who have been shot and taken to the local hospital. Corey's friends burn down in the hall, the other little guy hides in and assumes he's killed, but he escapes and puts it down the shaft. Corey encourages a lynch mob (despite the sheriff arresting him) to hang the hospitalized Pier-Man. Superman stops them in the hospital and takes the injured chappie to the shaft to return him to his fellows. A total of 4 Mole-Men show up with a weapon of some sort that they fire at Jeff Corey (I call this an Aargh! Gun because the only effect seems to be making Corey go "Aargh!") And Superman saves him. He immediately changes his ways due to surprise at Superman, who saves him according to the way he behaves, goes the Mole men back on the shaft. The end. Though the movie is only an hour long, there is a tremendous amount of crawling around, watch out and pursue - I have omitted all "Mole-Man 1 creeps from A to B, seem to make sure no one follows him" things. The Mole-Menne is never involved in any way - they have no dialogue - they turn up, are persecuted and go back. They look a little scary, but they are hardly the bug-eyed monsters that the city's reaction entails. <br /> <br /> Reeves is a very good Clark Kent - very much a hardnosed reporter, much more than Phyllis Coates' rather indifferent Lois Lane. But he's a terrible, horrible Superman. Not only does he not see the part (at least his hair is colored black in this, which is an improvement from the rather light hair he has played in some of the TV episodes), the way he plays is all wrong in my book. I'm sure he was told to "bag" (which superman does constantly), but someone should have told him that it should be fists on the hips, not fists on the ribs. And he plays Superman as a pretty strict and careful teacher - he doesn't actually wait for his finger in remonstration, but he might as well have done. <br /> <br /> And Superman makes a great deal of walking around (I'm a big crowd - he's not really that much at all) and a little run. He leaves and lands a couple of times, but is not seen on the run at any time. Oh, some bullets bounce off him, and he uses telescopic vision like Clark, but with no accompanying visual effect. In fact, visual effects are conspicuous by their absence and the few present are not very good. I have tried to consider this effort in relation to today's standards: but even from these standards, I think it is a beautiful accurate effort. Fortunately, the production standards on TV shows were higher, and at least they were having trouble coming up with stories that had a little more to them. <br /> <br /> Something of a disappointment - I won't see it again.
