A really disturbed, cannibalist psychopath, John (Gary Kent under the pseudonym Michael Brody), living in a cave, closes campers who make the unfortunate mistake of backpacking in his wilderness. Steve (Dean Russell) and his buddy Charlie (John Batis) come into a playful argument with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, Gary Kent's late real wife)) and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) survivors in the woods on their own. To prove a point, the madman decides to look for the desert out of Los Angeles for a camping trip that disrupts their partners to the point they soon follow. Falling prey to John, Teddi is soon killed when Sharon runs for his life as the men arrive late to the desert because of their truck's overheating. Scared, tired and paranoid, Sharon gets some very unusual help .. John's ghost children! It is true that John's children remain in the desert, ghostly perceptions spying on those who exist in the forest, taking a special taste to Sharon, helping to lead her to safety and her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find shelter from a slant and night's darkness in John's actual cave. Cooking over a burning fire, the meat simmering is actually from Charlie's wife, Teddi! Unnoticed, Charlie eats from the meat when offered by John, who finds foreigners inside his home! Anyway, soon worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie set out to find them as a morning break. Meanwhile, John is hunting, with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in a fight for survival. When Steve suffers from a complex break that stumbles between two massive rocks over a flooding river, he becomes disabled and only increases such a nightmare scenario. Sharon follows his ghostly young friends for potential security. They even at one point advocate their father not to kill her. Unfortunately, Charlie doesn't have such friends. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (who also wrote it and broke down to fund the film) slips the film into such a stunning, beautiful location in Sequoia National Park, California, where these giant trees tower great heights, and I see pretty much backwoods slashers for this very purpose. For some strange reason, I didn't find Jones's direction of setting very particular. Fear was lacking, although there are some rather disturbing attacks by John using his knife (... cleverly shot, Jones' camera suggests more than what is actually on the screen, yet still achieves forgetting what John does for victims. Within such a picturesque landscape, to see innocent pursued by a lunatic, that kind of terror increases. Townspeople are trying to spend a good day in another place, to smell the clean fresh air, enjoy the view of a lovely view, only to be stalked by a creepy predator with a very scary knife. Offering the story of why John is the monster he is, Jones gives us the opportunity to testify to his memory's flashback when he discovers his wife's infidelity and responds accordingly (... she is also a ghost in the desert looking for her children who wants to punish them for "being naughty" killing both her and the lover in bed (.. a refrigerator repairman). The children, sad and depressed, committed suicide and now "haunt" the desert and still interact with their father or the one they choose. I realize such a news as ghost children in a backwoods slasher is unique and appreciated by some, but I found the idea rather hokey and too stupid to take seriously. They help our heroine escape a few potentially dangerous situations, but it was very difficult for me to keep from giggling uncontrollably. The music I found hideously 80's and the performances are not against. I think I could respond to the situation they were in because it is actually quite scary to find you in an unfamiliar and hostile area chased by someone who knows the area as well. I think the movie is the same in many ways not to enter the tree. ALL !, except that the forest has the above-mentioned ghost children (... their voices echo when talking to Sharon, their father or each other). Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, with tattered clothes and humanity lost. As I mentioned above, the violence is not as piggy as what is suggested, because instructor Jones can effectively cut away from a large knife penetration, but the way he phases the set pieces gives you a little confused Teddi's murder, the violence mostly silhouette on the surface of a nearby bricks formation, her arguments that John stopped and once stuck several times, trying to climb away from his predator to be finished, a hanging body of John shining). I have seen better and worse of this type of slasher movie, it is at best mediocre, with some effectively shot landscapes. I don't really think it's exceptionally memorable, except for the ghost children.
