I think about all the unclear, overlooked, low budget horror movies waiting to be rediscovered in a DVD release, why choose the FOREST? I love ultra low budget direct to home video or other alternative release horror. I love the 80s hacker horror. I love the backwoods slashers with fools wandering out into the night to be chased, murdered and eaten by psychopaths. I'm all for the idea of ​​non-professionals working on a horror movie as a way to break into the industry or just make a movie because they want to make one. I am all about using found public places, non-actors, no names talent behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most evocative image from the FOREST is the opening image of a couple who are in the distance over a forest into the forest: We see them as small, vulnerable creatures that enter a drowning gloomy world where people may not be the top of The food chain or most feared predator. Then the movie takes a dive and never recovers - we meet briefly with the backpacking couple as they realize they are stalked. They are separated, both are slaughtered, and then we meet the film's protagonists as they drive a traffic jam. They meet with their respective friends and decide to take a camping trip. Sounds of snoring fills the room as people who came over to watch a movie fiddle with their cell phones, text messages people who don't tell them how much the movie sucks. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow, this movie is too boring and this movie is too talky. It would not be such a bad thing if the authors had given people something to say other than the stupid, asinine and unnecessary things. You know your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is the bad face park ranger who warns everyone away from Cannibal Woods. And when talking about these "forests," they look so far away from civilization as the overgrown vacant lot behind the football fields, only with larger rocks and a stream flowing through it. There are impressive shots from the forest chamber, but no real feeling of being out in the middle of it. If one of the characters just sat down on the track and waited long enough, someone would stay on. <br /> <br /> What's worse about the movie is that it doesn't generate any human interest: I don't know who these couples are and don't care about what's happening to them. The hermit cannibal slasher guy is unattractive even when he pretends to see freshly cooked meat from the leg to one of his victims to earn pig slips for his girlfriend who just happens to seek shelter in his hole. Irony is the epitome of "underwhelming". Combined with a deliberately eerie synthesizer music score, cinematography that looks suspiciously like someone, a camera strapped to a dog and it follows people's movements, lack of noticeable gore, nudity, lurid excitement and unhealthy atmosphere, and what we have here is a horror movies that are not even as scary as a PBS educational TV show about where magnets work. <br /> <br /> I don't mean to "divorce" the people behind this movie as they obviously entered the project with almost nothing pushing themselves not to be creative and ended up with just another boring movie about some Maggot chases women through the forest with a knife. There is nothing wrong with the concept of what is wrong is the imaginative and complete pedestrian path that this was executed, right down to the completely meaningless conclusion when the film simply jumps out at approx. 80 minute mark. The best thing to say about the FOREST is that it's over relatively fast, and there's not much to comment on a repeat screening. Therefore, I am confused as to why someone will feel the need for a DVD release. It was fine as a Prism Video rental year oddity, as a DVD it will be the $ 5.99 rack ticket within a month to hit the shelves. There is little or no urgency to watch the movie unless you are considering making your own ultra low budget backwoods hacker in a public park where no one can charge money for admission there. Here's a step-by-step guide to avoid doing. <br /> <br /> With all that said and done, the movie had an interesting sequence, or rather a sequence that was so pathetic and unfortunately conceived that it becomes a riddle in an otherwise cut and dried film: The Bile comes home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor. He sends his beloved, arms himself with a kitchen knife that looks like it was made to be used in a horror movie and leaves after the interrupt. The guy turns and attacks his quarry, which equates and runs away, only to make the psycho materialize in his footsteps with a larger bathing weapon. The psycho attacks again and the guy comes away. The psycho materializes again, and again the guy comes away. Then again! Finally, on the fifth attempt, the psychologist pulls the guy to fall into a form of a leaf-shaped contraction. How did he materialize armed with bigger bathing weapons like that? Is there any supernatural element for this psycho? As the film never makes it clear, the scene is just a puzzle set to build tensions. The purpose is to be unclear. The whole film is as such really, without the need to be made and performed in such a skin-fisted, uninteresting way that one cannot wonder, but wonder what it was supposed to be. <br /> <br /> 3/10, and ample evidence that just because you can release a movie on DVD does not mean you necessarily should.
