The title of this obscure and (almost fair) forgotten 80's slasher inevitably reminds of The Cure's mega-smash monster hit song with the same title, therefore a piece of the lyrics in the headline of this user's comment. Neither did I have anything else to say that it was useful anyway. But hey, "the forest" is not entirely hopeless and not even * the * bad, actually. If nothing else, at least adhere to the admittedly unwritten first rule of the 80's slasher: Kill a person within the first 10 minutes of playing time. Sure you heard about the basic premise of this movie a dozen times before, but don't let that see you since "The Forest" has a few more things to offer than just an appealing, creepy cover image. It's actually a bit of an atypical 80's slasher! The main characters are not ordinary brainless teenagers, and the manuscript has solid ambitions against supernaturalism. The concept is not always successful, let alone plausible, but it is more than interesting enough to keep your attention, and there are even a few surprisingly strong moments of tension and plot twists to enjoy. Two spouses decide to go camping in the most isolated forests in California, but because of a stupid bet, the wives separate from their husbands. Easily created for the night, the creepy visits from a mother are looking for her two children, the children themselves and finally the father who is hunting for human flesh. The demented family may be genuine or imaginary, but the women are certainly in danger, and when their husbands arrive, they are already gone. The men also meet the family and they find out more about the little dysfunction background. The "forest" is a strange and unusual movie, at least. It is not exactly a masterpiece of plotting, but the thoroughly weird atmosphere will certainly appeal to open-minded fans of the 80's horror. The murders are rather cruel and delusional, including a slit neck and a painful sawmill, and the film is stunningly beautiful. The more you consider the story and its sudden twists, the less it makes sense, so my advice would just be to enjoy this odd viewing experience as long as it lasts and not for a moment. The imagined performances are just above average, the music is okay, and at least director Donald Jones (also responsible for 70-year-old schoolgirls in chains) attempted to be a bit more creative that most 80's horror movies. Too bad it eventually fails.
