"Fred Claus" somehow avoids being this year's "The Santa Clause" by at least having a little more entertaining moments than what Tim Allen is staring at, but that doesn't mean it's enough to go to it worth the trip to the theater. <br /> <br /> As holiday films go, it is constructed and sentimental. But in fact, it could be the least of one's concern as "Fred Claus" who boasts having David Dobkin ("Shanghai Knights") The Wedding Crashers) at the helm, almost nary a really fun moment when it clumsy clumsy line between a boorish Vince Vaughn vehicle and a fuzzy Christmas movie. In the end, this does not correspond to much of both. And with a roll consisting of Paul Giamatti, Kevin Spacey, Rachel Weisz and Kathy Bates, the more it is a disappointment. Vaughn plays Fred, Nick's (Giamatti) elder and stranger, who after a while left him and their parents (Bates and Trevor Peacock) after having had enough of caring for his parents' favoritism with his younger siblings. Nick grows up to be Santa (and as a voice-over tells us, time freezes you and your family when you become a saint), while Fred becomes a Yuletide-jaded repo man in Chicago who has difficulty remembering his girlfriend Wanda's (Weisz) birthday. He runs into trouble with the law and had to call his younger brother (who honestly sees at least a decade older than him) to ask him out of prison. Nick agrees, but only if Fred agrees to help with the toy arrangement in the North Pole. Peace opposes reluctantly, but his cynicism collides with Santa Claus and the eternally beautiful nature of the rivers, although an efficiency expert (Spacey) controls the toy factory operations, it is only too happy that the whole Arctic operation is closed if things fail. /> <br /> As I said, the film has its moments, but the padded running length extends them thinly for the entire duration. In between, piles of Christmas movie clichés that were handled better in, say "Elf", and the attempt at sentimentality is as loving as last year's fruit cake. As usual, the crib brings its coarse charm to the table, but Dan Fogelman's redesigned script keeps him from really doing his thing. Giamatti, under the bad fat pack, brings a jolly old charm to his iconic character, but unfortunately he has to play the second fiddle for Fred. Spacey brings his game face, but his swing usually ends as unfunnily vapid. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, "Fred Claus" becomes a forgettable movie that falls short of what they involved in it deserves. Sure there are worse ways to start the season at the cinema, but there are probably far better ways.
