Painfully bad Christmas movie that has an equally painful bad performance by Vince Vaughn, who pays his usual frat boy himself, but this time to a children's movie but without the wild or charm of his R-rated movie. Vaughn seems like he's on autopilot but most of the movie, and he continues to run into walls with his lack of performance. After 30 minutes in the movie, you will be in touch with your inner plague and say "Bahumbag" on how horrible this movie is, and after another 30 minutes you will want to go beyond how unbearable the movie has become during that point . Of all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring a life of perspective to paper-thin roles, and that is masculine because they are both too good for actors to be in this movie. Paul Giamatti brings a depth and warmth to the character of Saint Nick himself, but he is forced to Vaughn's degree of youth behavior when doing their sad siblings efforts. You can see in the face of Giamatti that he does not have fun with his role and it shows painfully in some parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role, but she really doesn't have much character to work with, and you can see in her face that she is very aware of it, so much that she seems annoyed in some parts of the movie. Fortunately, she's not in the movie at all and can save a face, unlike Giamatti, who seems to be shooting his agent at the end of the movie. The direction also feels uninspiring, just as there is no feeling or power to have, and this is supposed to be a holiday movie, but it ends up feeling that you are just staring at a fancy widowed screen that is being torn down. <Br /> <br /> I don't know what went wrong here, but with only two actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz), their best is to at least bring something to the table with an unfunny script they have to work with. spotty direction without feeling the subject at hand (and this is a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who just doesn't care about his performance (Vaughn), has a very uneven bad movie that is very painful to watch.
