An unoriginal, all too predictable and only mildly entertaining low budget rehash of a sci-fi formula that we have all seen a hundred times before - a group of scientists who, in isolation, confront some unknown strangers, and in all places (surprise surprise) Antarctica! The movie features James Spader and an almost nameless support cast (with the exception of Carl Lewis, who is actually not that bad for a non-actor) - delivering high-end performances that do little to enhance the script's imaginative dialogue. To make matters worse, the movie's pace is slow, there is virtually no subplot, and the few action sequences are stereotypical and not exciting. It is a little strange that this thing went straight to the DVD. It's strange why Spader - an excellent actor sometimes who won the Cannes Best Actor award for Sex, Lies and Videotape, and did an excellent job in the innovative sci-fi flip Stargate - chose to log on to this noisy project. Or maybe not if you look at his career, because it seems that he has invested his talents in more misses than hits. The most notable thing about "Alien Hunter" is how they managed to get hold of many elements from so many amazing sci-fi movies, and yet the case has proved so noisy and constructed. There are huge borrowed bits from `The Thing '(both Howard Hawks original and John Carpenter's excellent 1982 remake),' Contact 'and' Outbreak '; a few hints of 'Alien', CE3K ',' The Andromeda Strain ',' Kubrick's '2001' (ie 'Alien Black Box') and 'Mission To Mars' (ie and even a small hint of 'Sneakers' and 'A Remarkable Mind' (although they are not sci-fi movies, they share a `cryptology 'connection). Hell, there are even cornfields and Antarctica, like the recent` X Files Movie'. And the luminous transparent spacecraft in the end looks like something was picked from a withdrawal from `The Abyss'. <br /> <br /> It has all been done before and done a lot better, though I will admit that there were a few mild surprises towards the end, I could say a little more about the plot, but it is absolutely not necessary, you already know over half of this movie without seeing it (5 out of 10)
