Recap: Something mysterious close that transmits radio signals is discovered in the Antarctic ice. The mysterious block is dug out and brought to a research station in the Antarctic. Julian Rome, a former SETI employee, has been brought in to decipher the message. The problem is that one of his researchers is an old girlfriend of his, and the situation quickly becomes awkward, especially since the other female scientists practically throw themselves at him. And the ice block with the thing inside melts unnaturally fast. Soon the object is open. The mystery, however, continues as the object generates a large amount of electricity. It is decided to open the object, but just before it is done, Julian decorates the signal. "Don't Open". But too late and the object explodes when it finally breaks, and two things are solved on the ground. The first is a stranger who had been sleeping in the object and the other is a virus that instantly kills the research staff. And Washington, suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that these things cannot be solved on earth. So a Russian nuclear submarine carrying nuclear weapons is sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: The movie contains some surprises. One is Carl Lewis, who surprisingly puts a good play, and the other is that the special effects are beautiful, well-worked out and much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story has many surprises alone, and this time it is not in a good way. In fact, it is so full of plot holes that sometimes the movies seem to consist of almost randomly connected scenes. It has never really been explained why Washington knows so much why Washington can control Russian submarines, so the object is in Antarctica and has woken up now. It is truly amazing that the foreign pod sends in understandable English. Some may explain this by the fact that the alien had been to the ground before and knew the language (and of course chose English, why?). But then it is very confusing why the nice foreigners who seem to save the Earth from the virus send their "Do not open" message coded! And finally, the end is as open as one end can be. The movie is a bit entertaining, but too much energy (from me) needs to be redirected to fill the cavity in the plot. Therefore, the overall impression of the film is not too good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
