Okay, here it is: "Nazi climber is friendship with the Dalai Lama." What we do is first we get a big star with no idea how to make a Germanic accent, and we let him float between French, German, American and British for over 2 hours. Then we gather a number of wildly unlikely events and hold them apart very widely, so that the plot inch along almost imperceptibly. But to ensure that the viewer does not fall asleep, we throw in details that are shockingly absurd, such as our hero smoking a cigarette at a height of 22,000 feet. Of course, we should also remember that our target audience will not read too many subtitles, so we have all the characters, even the smallest farmer in the forbidden closed city Lhasa in 1943, speaks perfect English, even with dubious accents. Of course, the hardest part is how to deal with the spiritual and political aspects of history, so what we do is this: we have the Dalai Lama in favor of the now reformed Nazi, because the latter is so good at filing movie projectors, radios antique cars and other entities with the freedom of capitalist west. On the other hand, our hero from his young protégé teaches a kind of vague, indefinite Buddhism, which is never really brought out or treated seriously. We also have many scenes with the hero flaunting all the marks of respect and protocol that the rest of Tibetan society joins the Dalai Lama, even as we pretend that the hero has deep and profound reverence for these people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we just expect the audience to believe that this guy is now a Buddhist kind in his own way, even though we don't even know what his transformation involves or how far we want it. And last but not least, we hang a statistic on the film's conclusion about how terrible the Chinese have treated the Tibetans (which is certainly true), and thus opens us for accusations that we have made a "political" film, even though it is not something of that kind. So, I'm my idea. What are you slowing down? Can you make zis movies?
