And maybe, as Fred Sandford used to say, "one over the lips". It to those who released this movie in an unsuspecting audience. And maybe for the person in "Rue Morgue" who called this a "Fender Hellbender" and said it was good. <br /> <br /> Five young girls, apparently taking a short distance home from a high school football game, get lost and stop asking directions in a small shop in the middle of heaven. While driving the driver a parked SUV and turning a headlight on, the girls all decide to leave and not find the driver. But the driver comes to find them, and it's not just that the headlight of her vehicle was dinged, that's another reason why the girls don't yet understand. When the driver first catches them, she (yes it is a she) brandishes a shotgun and strips them down and continues to scream at them, "how much did you see?". Of course, the girls are afraid of death and do not know what she is talking about. As the night rolls on the girls end up in a cat and mouse game with the driver of the SUV who manages to inflict all kinds of damage to the girls, remarkably resistant to shooting gun blasts and screwdrivers where they did not want them. Eventually, they find out that something happened in that store after they left what is the cause of this woman's psychotic anger. And in the end they have a chance of revenge and take it as far as possible. <br /> <br /> There are elements in this movie that are quite disturbing and frightening, but unfortunately these moments are being undermined by bad acting, poor dialogue and enormous loss of credibility. A girl is hit by a shot gun blast and seems to be mortally wounded and she feels cold, her life goes past her eyes but she got better? And how far can a minibus drive on an almost empty tank at a speed of 80 miles per hour? I need one of these things, it seems to have great mileage. There should have been an end when the girls were avenged, but the film continues after that, which is an anti-climax, but they at least learn some of what the woman is off and the driver is still worried about "blowing up" her mother's van ", which of course is the least of anyone's worries. So this is not It is the worst movie I've seen, but it's too amateur to be good and yet a little too scary and cruel to be absolutely horrible. But it takes the cake for lots of shrill hysteria and you would like to put two across your ears if you see this. As a matter of fact, I do not necessarily recommend. 4 out of 10
