Five over the eye starts as five young teenage girls drive home in time for their curfew, they stop at a store and accidentally hit another car and decide to just drive off and leave it. Soon after the other car forces them to stop, and a crazy woman with a shotgun comes out and shouts at them, causes them to take off their clothes and make them throw at them and then run randomly. Shocked and shocked the girls think their trial is over, but the crazy woman comes back in seconds as she seems to have intended to kill the scared girls who are lost and low on gas ... Produced and led by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen with Swinson writes things & Theissen responsible for cinematography and editing I have to say that Five Across the Eyes is easily one of the worst movies I have ever seen if not the worst, I think I am fighting for Thinking of a movie I've seen is worse. Let me start by saying that I am sure that much of the decision-making that was made here was conscious of trying to provoke the atmosphere, the excitement, the realism and the excitement, but there is not one aspect of five over the eyes. as i didnt hate it to be honest, it looks like a bad home video that has been put on YouTube and even then it is still a little embarrassing and a frankly worthless waste of 90 odd minutes of my time that i could have made something more entertaining and fun that pulls my nails out with seaweed. Reviews on the internet seem pretty positive, but on IMDb (the amount of 1 star comments are revealing and they can't all be wrong, right?) And that's the bulletin board, which I think is much more an indicator of what the average person thinks that it is completely ruined by almost everyone & the phrase 'the worst movie I have ever seen' is sometimes used and to be fair most of these negative comments mention the same thing and I agree with them. The story is horrible, okay, I suppose it's supposed to be minimalist, but it's minimal? There is never any reason or explanation for the events that happen, and it just feels completely random. It goes on for years, the amount of plot here would struggle to fill a thirty minute made for the telly program accompanying a full length feature. The dialogue is horrible with these annoying girls who don't seem to have a brain cell between those who take random things and scream a lot. Oh god those screaming, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or whining that not only irritate and irritate and prevent any sane seer from feeling any kind of sympathy for them. It also does what they are trying to say almost impossible to hear properly. Then there is the right killer, the whole movie is set and shot within the framework of a minibus. Seriously, the camera never leaves this car, and as you can imagine, it gets really boring, adding that the low body count on only one person killed on Screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie I hated with passion. <br /> <br /> Again, on a technical level, I can see that the film-making style here was a deliberate choice, but I must be honest again & say Five Across the Eyes is the worst gorgeous movie I've ever seen. As a fan of movies, I like my movies to look like real movies, as it is a visual medium, and I certainly won't have them look worse than the average YouTube video or my home movies shot on a camcorder while I was full. It really looks like amateurish and so bad, it's a complete eye and I hated every moment in every second of it. Just think The Blair Witch Project (1999) only ten times worse to see and hear and you will be almost there. There are times below five over the eyes when you literally can't tell what's going on or happening because of the camera's work and the almost pitch black and grainy contrast levels. Violence is tame with a few bloodshots and a stabbing at the end. Low budget doesn't even begin to describe Five Across the Eyes, with an assumed budget of about $ 4,000, it's easily one of the lowest budgeted movies ever given a broad release. The two vans in the movie were owned by members of the production & it's pretty much the whole budget right there, the location. The action is pretty bad of the lead role, I just hated all the fake put on crying and screaming, which didn't even convince but irritated immensely. <br /> <br /> Five over the eyes will go down as one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I've seen a few movies when someone now asks me what's the worst movie I've ever seen Five over The eyes will certainly mention. I hated it, every aspect and miserable moment.
