Less than 10 minutes in this movie I wanted it to end when it was painful. All this "horror" movie was about a group of whiny bitches doing stupid things for 90 minutes, arguing, crying and screaming. Don't let the positive reviews fool you, as it really is a horrible movie and you really shouldn't see it. <br /> <br /> The movie plot had the potential to be good, but it just doesn't happen. A group of five "teenage" girls are driving home one night when they find themselves persecuted by a Galician woman driver who wants to kill them. Two minutes into the movie, and the characters are already arguing and it doesn't stop. All we have for 90 minutes is a bunch of girls crying, crying, screaming, acting and arguing. None of the dialogue is even externally interesting too, so you don't really understand these characters or enjoy them. The act was horrible, and I was shocked to find out that these characters were meant to be teenagers None of these women saw one day under 20, and one of them looked as if she was nearly 30 years old. At least few people who look at age. None of them even gave far-off performances, and just thought they were picked out of the street or were friends of the director without acting. The "actress" who played the killer exaggerated it, but at least she showed something that the other girls didn't do - a little talent. The characters do not help things because these girls are a bunch of whiny, stupid bitches. That's all I can really say about them, and it didn't help them all survive. If I have to go into details, on a scene the girls are chased by the killer and their car has knocked a lot. A girl damages herself and looks at it ... four of them do not have dressing belts ... what do you expect? One of your friends is being brutally attacked by the killer ... and everything is just random to be "too bad" to help? No matter what. <br /> <br /> The movie is absolutely horrible. I don't care if this movie had a budget of a peanut, the movie was horrible and it was like watching a pirated version of a movie. The camera man was clearly in the car with the girls, pushed up against a window somewhere, and how many times the camera blurred, shook and brushed up against an "actress" was horrible. It was also grainy, and at times you couldn't hear what signs were saying (not that it was worth listening to). Probably the murder car in the movie (which apparently was hit, even though we only heard the accident) is actually the director car in real life. No wonder they didn't show the car was hit! This movie is so cheap they can't even show a car to get a little scratched. Oh also mention the soundtrack too ... if that's what it was. It was angry ... sad a second, so hard rock the next. <br /> <br /> At the end of the day, Five Across the Eyes feels just like a horrible movie filmed in the middle of the night with a bunch of stupid girls screaming and arguing for 90 minutes. It does not help when the manuscript is terrible, the scare / excitement / excitement and (almost nothing to do it) are absent, the play is terrible, and the picture quality and the movie are terrible. <br /> This was a horrible low budget film. Avoid it at all costs. <br /> <br /> 1/10
