I'm dumbfounded. Yes it's true. I'm really caught here. In no way did I find it terrible, but on the other hand, it was a frustrating experience in macabre hysterical and creepy incoherence. The idea behind such a trim, minimal low-budget Indie production is not bad, but it is a confused muddle and ultimately did not matter to me. It is amateurish and simple; It wants to exploit itself beyond the mindset and do so in the late-fashionable fast-paced movie recording. We have the documentary handheld camera moving everywhere (even though we never leave the habit), and sometimes we feel unfocused and blurred, making some details difficult to figure out. Lately, you have needed it, but there are times when it gets too distracting and even nauseating. Keeping it still will help. The context has a small foundation (which has five teenage girls returning home from a football game late at night and is lost on the back road. At a side trade, they become involved in a minor accident that smashes an effortless SUV headlamp. They fear they are flying And not too long, one light SUV appears behind them. Soon to make their night an unforgettable trial in terror), most of the time uses to extract a pronounced, noisy, and relentless cat and mouse game. <br /> <br /> Regarding disturbing ?? I think it depends. Some moments may make you struggle with his attention to pain, desperation and demented brutality (with good use of piercing sound FX, which seems to be more favored over the picture and not to forget the alienating background sound effects), but also I found myself sneak. In passages it can be repulsive and intense with a real gradual rush, but hardly credible. The injuries of random characters never seem as serious as you might think, even if they should, of course. See how blood runs freely, but it's not entirely convincing and can be boring. The constant nocturnal billiard could only do so much before they were repeated. We get screams, spears, bleeding, running, curse, body fluids and so on. Completely unpleasant details also followed. With a little really to do, it needed a much stronger script than the terrible compulsion that was written up. There were too many cringe moments, and there was not much in the way of the depth of the characters and the situation they were in. It was about set-pieces and was waiting for the next torture meeting, and it took it slowly. Helping out is that it had an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> The performance; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are workman-like with their confused characters and draw an authentic chemistry to compensate for the script's weaknesses in their character foundation. Veronica Garcia's runaway, bug-eyed intensity as the luney driver of the SUV was something ?? yes something. The true motivation of her character to terrorize the girls and her unstable state of mind is largely non-existent. I think being psychotic was good enough. Now it was probably the most unpleasant thing I encountered in this feature, the hideous soundtrack. Terrible techno music, for cheesy hard rock and an overwhelmed closing score. It never felt exaggerated or in the way, but it stood out like a sore thumb. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen are trying to get the most out of their small resources, but even with the brave spirit, it stops being a pretty ramshackle. Perhaps it was fun to do, but seeing it was just not the case.
