As horror fans, we all know that blind rentals are a crap shoot. Sometimes we find a real gem, but on many occasions we find that the movie we have just used our hard earned money is nothing but a chilled steamship that was worse off by the completely undeserved amber reviews and movie festival prices listed on the box. This is the case with Five Across the Eyes (a title I am sure it is a double entender, referring to both the film's budget and forcing who sees it, may use all five fingers to peer out). <br /> The story, or at least what * ahem * authors think, passes for one, focuses on a group of teenage girls who uncertainly decide to go on a backwoods joyride late at night after leaving a football game and running off a crazy woman playing cat and mouse with them as punishment for what she thinks the girls found in her car after a fender legs in a petrol station's parking lot. In fairness, it is an interesting idea. Some of the best horrors have very simple story lines. It is in the performance of Five Across the Eyes that this idea falls flat. The movie tries to be a cross between The Blair Witch Project with its shaky camera work and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre in its bare-leg approach to the material, but failing to be neither. What we get instead are superfluous scenes of hunting, torture, release; chase torture, dropping in that order for 94 minutes with long intervals of bitch, moaning and incoherent horizontal training, acting as lots of padding between chase sequences. The film's appearance is incredibly grainy and dark, which in a better made film could have enhanced the tension and realism. Here it is just annoying. The characters are undeveloped and the viewer is hard pressed to find something to sympathize with them. A sign stops to get a first aid kit and tends to get some scrapes on her face, while shots in the hearing in the background show that her friends might be killed. Another girl mutates hilariously stupid lines like "Don't go there, she gets you, if she gets you, she'll kill you, and if she kills, you're dead". <br /> <br /> It was a recognition from Fangoria magazine and Dreadcentral.com listed on the box that forced me to check out this one. Talk about a false orgasm! Perhaps my expectations would be met if this was in the comedy section. I'm too low-budget indie horror, but this one takes the crap cake. Give five eyes (or FATE; get it?) A passport. <br /> <br /> RazorFriendly gives FATE 1 slash out of five
