Look at TRUE ABOUT LOVE (is this a double entender about the star?) Is like connecting white noise or producing water sounds to help you sleep - you put it in the DVD space because there is nothing else left on the store shelves, And you need distraction after a hectic day. And it works for that with the purpose: being a British romantic comedy is a little more. The story is quite simple about a wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) married to a more distant man Sam (Jimi Mistry) who has put their love life at risk because of the burdens in his busy legal practice. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) is thrilled with both Sam and Alice, but has a long-standing attraction to Alice who goes beyond friendship. Alice pales with her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a free love story that calls on Alice to have an affair. On Valentine's Day, after a drinking session with her sister, Alice emails a card to Sam, signed 'Anonymous' as a test to see if Sam answers and tests his allegiance. At the same time, Archie sends a radio seed packet to Alice, which he has not written on a suggestive love. Both have subsequent regrets. Sam actually spends time with a lover Katya (Branka Katic) and is actually cheating on Alice. Alice arranges assignments with Sam via email and phone calls and plans to meet Sam in disguise as 'Anonymous' to test his allegiance. The whole character cluster gets caught in the stupid charade, and the end shows that true love must be based on truth - and how it results in the different mating is the surprise (of varieties) of the fluffy script. <br /> British comedies work because of the quality of writing and the tight quality of acting. Perhaps director John Hay had chosen to throw a British actress like Alice instead of throwing a fake accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt, the result may have been improved. But eventually this story of Peter Bloore jumps between mildly humorous and pathetic in his messages. A terrible distraction is a musical score that is consistently so high that it covers the whole dialogue and is intrusive. There are some nice scenes in London and a few moments of acceptable humor, but in the end this little movie is really best used as background music / white noise. Grady Harp
