The story goes like this: A small town, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When she arrives, she discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie then wakes up in the New York adventure. Filling as a bike messenger comic and charming mishaps follows. She falls into a hole in the ground and thus encounters charismatic goodman Ben (Luke Wilson). It is not love at first sight, at least for her, but fate and leg will not give up quite easily. Being "just" a little town girl AND blonde a couple of evil leaders at a construction company decides that she is the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. Misunderstandings with hilarious and sad consequences follow. But this is a blonde who won't put it down! <br /> <br /> People condemning this movie will soon be wrong. The witnesses are confident and appropriate, and the story is well-developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben feels so natural that it puts everything Gudard has created to be ashamed of. The multi-talented Jessica Simpson once again only surprises with a strong role she could pull off. Simpson is really Marilyn Monroe in our day (there's even a scene that honors her!). She perfectly balances between vulnerable and dizzying. Katie really shows us that you can't judge a book by its cover! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Although he was covered in fertilizer, one would be as appealing as anyone. His light touch, the eyes of the puppy dog ​​and the laid back way make it hard to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he was born to play, one of the two diabolical leaders. He can't really be underestimated. The strength of the performance lies in his restraint. It is remarkable, for most actors would just run away with it and play it for cheap laughs. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, director Scott Marshall designed an intelligent and frequent hilarious comedy designed to become a classic along with movie masterpieces like Epic Movie and Norbit. Kudos to everyone involved in this, especially Jessica Simpson. Her sincere smile and wholehearted laughter would make even the toughest man break into a big laugh. You can be tough, but you're not that hard! Warmly recommended to anyone who wants to be swept off their feet and see a romantic comedy that feels honest once. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack rocks! <br /> <br /> Now if you still haven't got it. I'm sarcastic. 1.10
