It is common practice for a film about repression to be somewhat subdued in style and tone. However, there is a difference between the use of restraint and encouraging narcolepsy among the public. In "The Secret Lives of Dentists", starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close to the west as possible, resulting in a film that never corresponds to much more than a rumor about how teeth are a metaphor for married life. <br /> <br /> Scott performs well in the role of David Hurst, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly sets the dynamics of their relationship - he is completely absorbed in the daily duty to be custody, she is quietly disillusioned with their hectic family life - and then the excitement jumps when Scott may or may not witness his wife with another man . From that point on, the film focuses on whether David will confront his wife Dana about her possible infidelity or whether she will beat him to the slag and leave for good. From time to time, David is visited by an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient played by Denis Leary (borrowing heavily from Brad Pitts Tyler Durden in "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> Although there is sufficient uncertainty about Dana's adultery and David's instability to justify the investigation, the last two-thirds of the film is embarrassed by the theme or narrative. Instead, Rudolph creates the drama out of an unpleasant fever that travels slowly through the Hurst family, culminating in a pointless hospital visit to the movie's climax. The movie never captures hints about what David really can do if he wasn't so dedicated to his family; nor does it spend much time watching Dana's insecure balance between her family life and her other, more satisfying ambitions. <br /> <br /> By choosing to spend the bulk of the movie that cares about fever, Rudolph kills his film's momentum. When the fifth member of the family turns out to be sweaty and sick, the film has used all the good graces of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana end up pulling their steps over and over for a less than cathartical finale. With nothing to build on in the last hour, the conclusion seems awkward and patched-on. "The dentist's secret life" takes a common theme and does nothing to improve it. All in all, a disappointing, imaginative movie.
