Yeh, I know - you're moving with excitement. Well, * The dentist's secret life * will not interfere with your expectations: it is solidly made, but essentially imaginative, truthful but boring. It relates to the story of a couple who are dentists and who share the same practice (already a recipe for problems: if it were not for our separate working life, we would all ditch our spouses out of sheer irritation). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and endurance do not remember Everyman as much as Ned Flanders from * The Simpsons *, is the gentle-minded, uber-father man and Hope Davis is the bored-stiff housewife who channels his frustrations into amateur opera. One evening, when Father and Daughters participate in one of Davis's performances, he discovers that his wife is channeling his frustrations into more than just singing: He testifies that his wife is kissing and flirting with the opera operator. (A nice touch: we never see the opera director's face.) Dreading the prospect of initiating the separation, divorce and parental notices - only profitable for the lawyers - Scott chooses to ignore his wife's indiscretions. Beginning, they begin to read among you: Ho-hum, another story of the pathetic, creeping little cuckold. But Rudolph, who took the story from a Jane Smiley novel, hopes that the materiality of the material will be compensated by a series of flashy, postmodern touches. For example, one of Scott's belligerent patients (Denis Leary, being held relatively - and blessed - in control) will later become a kind of dentist's imagination that emerges as a Devil-on-Shoulder lawyer for the old-fashioned masculine virtues ("Dump b --- h!", etc.). When he does not become the egg of his imaginary new friend, Scott is otherwise plagued by fantasies that include his wife engaged in three-way with two of the male dental assistants working in their practice. It's not too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * for Real People (or Grown-Ups, at least). Similarly, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are certainly recognizable people compared to the glamorous couple Cruise and Kidman. In addition, the * Secret Life * script is clearly more relevant than Kubrick's. As evidence, I portray dental children, especially the youngest, who is about 3 or 4 years old, and whose main expression is "Dad! Dad, Dad! Dad, Dad! DAD !!!" This is Family Life, okay with all its charm. <br /> <br /> The movie would also make an interesting double count with * Kramer vs Kramer *. You can easily trace feminine feminisation from 1979 to 2003. In this movie, Dad is housewife as in * Kramer *, but he is by no means confused by the domestic role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too male to make toast. Here Scott gets all the plumbers, for example. To dry the child's vomit, cooking, cleaning, take the kids whatever happens after the school's activity on the dock. And all without complaint. (And without the director's comment. It's just taken for granted.) <br /> <br /> The movie has virtues that are mainly related to verisimilitude. However, it is pulled down from grandeur by insisting on trendy distractions that culminate in a long scene where a horrible five-day stomach flu makes the rounds of the household. We must endure meaningless fantasy sequences initiated by the imaginary leader Ley. If existence is finally reminiscent of Brad Pitt's character in * Fight Club *. And this finally drives home the second big mistake of the movie: lack of originality. In this review, I realize that it has been far too easy to refer to many other films. Granted, this movie is an improvement on most of them, but still. * The dentist's secret life * is worth seeing, but don't be too excited about it. (Not that you were all that excited, anyway.
