Apparently none of the previous reviewers, most of whom praise the movie for its accuracy, actually read a biography of Louis Pasteur. The most sharp inaccuracy is in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s the latter was always shown in a bad light. While far from an admirable character - he was an unfortunate politician and a self-appointed "military genius" that allowed France to be drawn into a catastrophic war, he was not the stupid reactionary depicted here. He had an intelligent interest in science and, like many other people in the 19th century, saw a bright future ahead because of the improvements it would bring. From Pileur, he was his patron, built him a laboratory and gave him all the resources he needed for his research. While the laboratory was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. A bureaucrat who decided it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead ordered the work stopped at his own authority. The emperor heard of this, his disgrace shook the bureaucracy, so there was a disadvantage of the buck passing, and the work resumed quickly. The Emperor personally visited Pasteur to comfort him and assure him that he would get his laboratory. The emperor would often bring members of his right to admire Pasteur's projects, and it was obvious to everyone that Pasteur was one of emperor's favorites. Pastor's greatest concern over the emperor was that Napoleon believed that Pasteur was almost a miracle worker who could do almost anything and always assigned him tasks beyond his previous experience. Pastor, a very modest man, always protested on this, but Napoleon would say he had complete faith in him and Pasteur despite his dissatisfaction, always came through. They always had a close and friendly relationship, and after the emperor was overthrown, Pasteur refused to say a bad word about him, grateful for the end of his life. <br /> <br /> The part about his daughter who has the baby and Pasteur sacrificing his principles to get a doctor has never happened. The part of anthrax and rabies that he was famous for is generally correct, but the idea that the anthrax experiment raised him from obscurity to fame is false.He was famous and respected at the time it happened. This movie is ok from a dramatic point of view, but very distorted as a biography.
