What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner." I wanted to like this over-the-top, anti-film aspirant, and actually found a series of powerful resonance moments. Unfortunately, these moments are few and far between. While I appreciate some of what Calson was trying to do, any benefit aspired to by bare bones was not ruined with any really horrible editing that didn't benefit the movie at all. <br /> <br /> While poor acting is tied in low budget (and large budget) cinema, Shiner has some remarkably bad performances that are almost painful to watch. Especially the "straight" couple Linda and Young Guy. These are the two most poorly written characters that hardly contain anything to the story. The action is so scary, and neither actor seems to be able to resist smirking or cracking, as they drastically release their lines with a terrible lack of skills. The choppy editing almost gives the feeling that these roles were completely free and fell in order to avoid the movies being stereotypically cast as an oddball gay movie. It would have been better as such. <br /> <br /> With everything going wrong, there are several notions that seem to catch what Calson hoped to get. Especially the story of Bob and Tim. These are the two most rich characters and give the most rewards with true captivating performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with some serious problems. Remarkably low self-esteem is disguised by an almost cartoon as an arrogance which he wears as armor plating. The obsession with Tim, the seemingly harmless but ultimately eerie Bob, stalks the boxer into classic cat music. When the tables turn and hunt is hunted, it results in the film's only true emotional catharsis. In a movie, so artificially cut (it is a compliment), a character must have the revelatory breakthrough (or collapse as the case proves here), and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim allows Zelinas and King to show some real acts pork chops . As played by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be the focus of the movie, and despite some bravado moments (including a really disturbing scene revealing the sex / rape session), but they can't seem to escape a comic-like work of art and it's hard to look at - or beyond their apparent ennote symphony and find something other than the obvious. Ultimately, the same raw material could (and should) be used to better tell this story. Unfortunately, there is really not much to recommend this yet, the show by Mr King and Zelinas really offers something special and a glimpse of what could have been and ultimately worth seeing.
