Shiner, directed by Christian Calson, centers around three "couples" and their relationship to occupation and violence. Pretty good start as far as I'm concerned. Interesting. The couples are broken down into a heterosexual couple, two heterosexual male friends and a straight guy who is "harmless" anchored by a gay man. The "hot" couple really do not have a big part in the movie. There are some scenes that show how they like to be aggressive when they have sex or play around with each other, but do not seem to have any real purpose as they are so marginalized. My assumption is that they represent a more daily illustration of how sex / violence is integrated into a couple's life. The couple is not very aggressive and it is not even shot in any kind of erotic way. As a character, they do not add much to the theme or plot. <br /> <br /> The two male friends make up the bulk of the plot. They engage in some gay bashing of sorts by convincing a gay man to have sex with them in an alley. This escalates to violence. And the violence is changing them. It becomes a means of sexual gratification. And their need for violence is growing as the film progresses. The biggest problem I had is the violence is not convincing. Never once does it seem that any of the characters are in any real danger. It just doesn't work. Considering that the film's whole theme is about the character's relationship to violence, this is a big problem. Unfortunately, the composition does not help either. Sometimes it's okay, other times it's very bad. In one scene, I really wondered why one of the characters had blushed his face. Confusing. <br /> <br /> The more interesting pair of characters is the "stalker pair". Here, Calson seemed to have more to say and be able to develop a more coherent story. Maybe it's because the characters seem to be developing more and have a solution at the end. Shiner may well have been much better if it was fixed with these two. <br /> <br /> I appreciate that Calson wanted to get a lot with this movie. It is admirable. Most low budget flicks do not strive too much. I do not think Calson achieved that purpose. Myself, I did not find anything particularly controversial or disturbing. Shiner was convincing. However, this does not mean that the director cannot reach anything with his next film. He seems to have something to say.
