So has it really come to this? Are we, as consent adults, to blame for the next generation of biographers lacking cinematic understanding and celluloid capacity? With regard to Wayans and Co. latest addition to the scenario in moving pictures Little man. This United Kingdom P.G. (Parental Guidance) Anyone under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult, certified film, the epitome of what has now been developed for the worse case, stupid, as cigarettes were "wiped out" from images of movie icons of the 1950s. Mostly under the twelve audiences here, who also some non-adult supervisors also sat obediently and took it all in, ignorant of their subject and the partially grown features that Little Man portrays, at least also. Films in general can do better than this bad attempt, while this nonsense gets them in while they are still young and fresh, the biggest fear of the cinema's future is that a child's ignorance can just go on to an adult bliss. Cinema deserves more than this, and it is still growing, and literally the audience also feeds this blatant cash cow on the young's ever-impressionable mind. <br /> <br /> There is no cinema experience here, no open eye wonder, no awe-inspiring respect for the magic of the movie '. There is nothing but confusion and contempt, for lack of substance, originality and its supply of mind less tedium and parody of everything that is now ultimately wrong with the Hollywood machine, for a quick pant, we must endure our future cinema audience for that kind of archetypal disaster film. <br /> <br /> Will it be like Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner reeling in their graves? Money they all liked, no doubt, but talent and exhaustion for perfection and quality, and to a great extent respect for their profession and audience, they were never short. Once again, we see the Wayans clan's works another cliché of bad taste, while, like the White Chicks (2004), they were undoubtedly a blow to the American society's bourgeoisie. The irony here is that the two leading protagonists, still played by the Wayans brothers, are so much undercover that all recognition does not exist, it also gives a better movie, and it is the actress Terry Crews who gives White Chickens its substance and personality , not Wayans. <br /> <br /> Once again, with their 70s pastime Blaxploitation film, which with the 1988 film, Gonna Git You Sucka, this can be seen as a comical and entertaining movie, with great weights like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown , Bernie Casey and the beautiful actress Ja'net Du Bois. The point is that the little man has absolutely no person of any kind whatsoever he ever has, he is low and narcissistic without appreciation or value to his followers, he dives quickly takes your money and before we know it has hidden within commercial commercial There is no recognizable effort for where our money has been spent, after Scary Movie (2000), things could only have gone up, but unfortunately they did not do it, not much predominantly about artistic value and no doubt about the installment from this creepy movie moguls' next film must be directly on video, one can only hope. Wayans seems to have created a movie genre by itself, to some extent; They have bludgeoned the movie parody, they have the water down every avenue and with their inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years that the cinema has given us, perhaps the ghosts of film passing by, are always so humble in their judgment that their growing audience so far seems to be because when the bubble breaks out, they must be equal so understanding.
