[CONTAINS SPOILERS !!!] Timon and Pumbaa see Lion King. Timon decides to go back BEFORE the start until the story really started. So they go back. Far back. Back just before Simba was born. Back to Timon's old home, which was miles away from Pride Rock. A clan of meerkats dug underground to hide from hyenas. The worst tomb in the clan was a pompous, self-centered meerkat named Timon. His mother took pity on him, but Uncle Max just shook his head. Mom suggested putting Timon on duty; Timon had dreams of a bigger and better place out there somewhere. Only then did the hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed kill almost uncle Max. It did. The other meerkats just wanted Timon to go away while Timon took it upon himself to leave. So he kissed his mother goodbye and started. He didn't get very far before he started coming home. Right then he met Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he sees. Timon had no idea what that meant, so he continued and met a warthog named Pumbaa, who was completely alone because of a flatulence problem. Timon and Pumbaa joined, but Timon declared them acquainted rather than friends. They will soon come to Pride Rock, where all zebras, antelopes, wildebeests, rhinos, giraffes, elephants and many other common animals had gathered. What happens? Timon didn't care. They pressed on. Timon saw Rafiki at the top of Pride Rock and lifted up into the air he couldn't see. Then all the animals took a bow. Was this in honor of the new King's birth? No, Pumbaa had passed gas, and the animals bowed to cover their nose; Timon and Pumbaa are trying a selection of new homes, but each is uncomfortable because of incessant singing or hyenas or a huge stampede of wildebeest! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find their way down stream. When they land, Timon decides to give up. But then they look around at their newly found paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water were falling as far as the eye could see. Timon named the place after a strange phrase he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go out and bow to the buzzards one afternoon when they suddenly enter Simba. They take him under their wing and become figurines. They teach him the art of bug eating and belching competitions. Almost soon, a teen Simba takes on Timon in a snail-slurry competition. Simba won, Timon left deadly ill. <br /> <br /> One day, Simba's childhood friend Nala came. Timon and Pumbaa just knew she would split up the friendship. Suddenly Simba runs away. Nala and Pumbaa ran after him, but not Timon. He chose to remain on "Hakuna Matata" alone until Rafiki "spoke" sensibly into him so he joined his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrive then. While Simba beats Scar, Mother and Max dig a big hole to catch hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed in. It worked. Scar is soon thrown into the same hole where he is consumed by the hyenas. So all is well. Mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats join Timon and Pumbaa in paradise, Hakuna Matata. Back to the present, Timon and Pumbaa finish the movie when mother, uncle max, simba and Rafiki suddenly see it again. It also does Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Guffy, Snow White, Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, the Lost Boys, Mad Hats, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> Well, I have to say that The Lion King 1 1/2 wasn't as good as I had hoped. It was too ridiculous and silly. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. It had a serious story with light comedy thrown in. This one was just silly and made a mockery of it. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are just too overplayed. They are handed over to the point that they are no longer fun, just annoying. The original voice cast is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. New to the cast is Julie Kavner from TV's (Too) long races The Simpsons as Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. So, yet this movie is not The Lion King III, and it is not II because there is already an II. It takes place just after Part I and Part II is a way away. Therefore, it is 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this to die hard Lion King fans because it is too ridiculous and voluntary. But the kids will love it so I recommend it to them. I hope this will also be the last Lion King movie. Two is enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we expect from Disney successors. <br /> <br /> -
