An instructor and his crew head out to the isolated Beal mansion to make a low-budget war film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that happened in the last century. Even with warnings from the caretaker, the director does not pay attention to the allegedly cursed house. One of the crew finds a book titled Tibetan Book of the Dead, and uses some of the passengers from it to their script. But when they are red, they lift a ghoul from their grave. <br /> <br /> Drilling, confusing and sticky everything rolled up in one, similar to this eerie midnight war production. What feels like an eternity, it just never seems to get started or show anything effective from any decent ideas. Although instructor Paul Harrison's clumsy, spans-free direction constructed a couple of eerie, moody and atmospheric set pieces. But laziness set it early. The whole film within a film structure takes up most of the film, and in this time little happens to nothing of great interest. It's not fun either. Think of Bob Clarks "Children should not play with dead things (1972)", and now we have older actors in the section. But I found "seven corps" to be inferior. The script early has some cutter in abundance before it ends up being beaten, predictable, and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. The cheap foundation that involves limited sets didn't help either, but the dull, dark appearance of the manor had an eerie air for it. Performances from a recognizable b-cast are mainly rigid. John Carradine in small part lurks mainly. John Ireland plays a hot-headed director, Faith Domergue's accused actress requires attention, and Charles Macaulay pours it up. The slow sanding presentation is crossed between "Ten Little Indians" and your usual zombie set-up. But it's not all that engaging, even with its occult and supernatural edge. Hell they even throw in some cemeteries, without embossing. When rotting ghoul makes its appearance ?? Finally, but a little late. It gets a little better if it is very confusing. Like the inspired opening, the end is delicious. Too bad it draws constantly. Continuity in many scenes comes across non-existent, and the death scenes are more exciting and bloody (but actually poorly executed) in the movie they make, so what actually happens to them when the zombie is displayed. The generic music score abounds with its tremors, but honest gothic signals, and the camera work is mixed staged with a lack of imagination. Shoot and ram. Shoot and ram. Finished work. It's a wrap.
