This is the type of movie where it actually hurts to recognize that it really really sucks. I usually heal things like this! Early 70s grindhouse flicks with delicious sounding titles and a schlocky low budget atmosphere usually ROCK. The "House of Seven Corpses" seemed to dispose of even more trump, as the casting is a collection of major genre veterans (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and the film sites (the titular house, the cemetery) are, of course, very appropriate for a gloomy story of terror. The film opens with its absolutely greatest and most hauntingly memorable sequences, but unfortunately, they are the only ones who qualify as such. The credits are a great montage, complete with freakish color effects and spooky freezing frames, illustrating how the title received its infamous reputation. The last seven owners were mysteriously murdered here and credits montage happily exhibit their last moments. Someone falls on the balcony, screams, a queen drowns in her bathtub and another female body hangs out of the ceiling and four more macabre taboos. Needless to say, the house is cursed and the creepy behavior of t Caretaker Mr. Price (Carradine) only strengthens this reputation. In other words, the house is the ideal square for the renowned director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to shoot his satanic horror movie project. The film-within-film structure is what causes "House of Seven Corpses" to be so boring and unintentional. A lot of movie material is wasted on crew members putting film coils in the camera and pulling around cables or ?? even worse ?? Believe Domergue and Charles Macaulay portray horridly intolerable actor stereotypes. The reason is finally a little interesting (just a little, remember you) when one of the characters read some lines from an occult book and accidentally awakens a rotten body in the backyard. The asthmatic (judge of the sounds he produces) slowly goes to the head of the house and kills the entire movie staff, reminiscent of how the previous seven became corpses. After a maturity of approx. 60 minutes, the movie suddenly changes from humdrum to simply strange and confusing. I am still uncertain whether the last twist has to do with the concept of reincarnation or just coincidence, and all of the remaining characters suddenly appear to undergo major mental transformations shortly before they die for some reason. I honestly regret that "House of Seven Corpses" is a pretty horrible movie. The location and nature are gloomy chill but not nearly used to full effect, and there is a serious lack of gruesome bloodshed. Numerous low-budget 70s gems were amazingly gross, so the lack of financial means is no excuse, and the movie-within movie killings do not really count. Even the always reliable veteran stars deliver hammy performances and Harrison's direction is completely uninspired. Not recommended unless you think it's zero cool four and a half minutes to play opening credits montage is worth trying to buy a copy.
