After reading the previous comments, I'm just glad I wasn't the only one who got confused, especially in the last 20 minutes. John Carradine appears twice in a grave and pulls the lid closed after him. I waited eagerly for some kind of explanation for this odd behavior ... of course I assumed he had something to do with the evil decline in the house, but when he was knocked off by the first rising corpse (hereafter called Zombie # 1) These scenes absolutely no sense. Please, if anyone out there knows why Carradine climbed into graves - let the rest of us in on it !! <br /> <br /> All actions are limited to the last 20 minutes, so I will try a synopsis. John Carradine comes out in the cemetery to investigate and is scattered by Zombie # 1. So far so good. But then we get the confusing scene where John Ireland and Jerry Strickler next to a little moonlight movie in the cemetery discover Carradine's dead body. Strickler repeatedly tries to push Ireland into the open pit from which Zombie # 1 has arisen, but Ireland succeeds in flipping him into the open pit instead and PRESTO! Strickler comes out like Zombie # 2! Yes, we assume that Strickler was dead all-along (a witch?), But why he changed from normal appearance to rattan meat version by flying into Zombie # 1's grave, is never explained. (Considering how scary these zombies are, I think he would have preferred to remain in his "normal" form until his business ended). This scene also brings a question to mind - just who the heck is Zombie # 1 ??? We can only assume Zombie # 1 is one of the original murder victims who appear under the film's opening credits, but who knows which, nor why he is particularly angry with the movie staff. <br /> <br /> Whatever, after Ireland sees this transformation and runs away, we see the exact same shot of Zombie # 2 shambling through the trees as we saw for Zombie # 1. (This leads to immediate confusion as to where many zombies really are). Then, in the best 1950s horror movie mode, Ireland manages to travel while flying. He beats his head on the tiny headstone of Faith Domergue's dead cat (wasn't it so good that John Carradine had to mail a tombstone to a cat he hardly knew?) Meanwhile, Zombie # 1 has destroyed chaos at the house . He easily sends three movie crew members, so the stairs start up. Faith Domergue hears him and thinks it is girlfriend John Ireland coming back from his night battle, going out. After seeing it only Zombie # 1, she lets a scream and retires to a bedroom where she retrieves Ireland's revolver. While starlet Carole Wells is roaring at this time and can't hear the scream, her co-star Charles Macauley (who buzz and hammer it into a mirror in her bedroom). With his sweet time (and only after some more pigs from his hip bottle) he finally decides to investigate. (One thing that hits the viewer during the last quarter of this movie is how slow responding stars are to screaming and firearms). Domergue comes back out in the corridor armed and ready, but fails Macauley for Zombie # 1 and shoots him six times! He makes a nice acrobatic flip over the railing, so a horrified Domergue smokes right up in Zombie # 1's waiting arms. <br /> <br /> Carole Wells is now out of her shower and wiping off when she hears firearms and Domergues screams; she also feels no big rush to run to investigate. So during this time, Zombie # 1 has time for leash. Then from the neck with a rope. Wells sees Domergues hanging corpse and falls dead away. The next time we see her is in a stream outside the house (???) - but more on that later. Meanwhile, Ireland has restored its senses and stumbles into the house where he discovers Zombie # 1's bloody carnage. Although Ireland has just stumbled upon 3 murdered, he is more concerned that his films have been postponed and destroyed! Mercifully for him (and the audience), Zombie # 1 throws some movie equipment upside down from the 2nd floor. That's the last thing we see about Zombie # 1. At this point, the audience is treated to a fitting of all the deaths, showing that the new "mirrors" the old ones. How deep. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Zombie # 2 has been close to the house (remember, these zombies move as slowly as molasses in January), where he happens to see Carole Wells floating in a stream and fishing her out. How did she get there? Should Zombie # 1 carry her down, throw her in, then zoom back on top just in time to crush John Ireland? Apparently one of the original victims was drowned in the tub, so Wells must also drown (but why never out in a stream, rather than in the tub, never explained). Zombie # 2 never does it in the house itself (everyone is dead now, yet thanks to Zombie # 1), but instead he carries Carol Wells back to the cemetery. As the final credit flashes on the screen, we see Zombie # 2 with its dead love still in his arms and falling into the open grave. Viewer leaves wondering: Yes, but wasn't this Zombie # 1 tomb? Why does Zombie # 2 stand up? And what if Zombie # 1 get together and want to climb in again - is Zombie # 2 to let him or will there be a zombie fight? Will the zombies share both the grave and the recently deceased Carole Wells? And what about now-dead John Carradine - where does he have to stay? After all, from the previous scenes, we know that he is clearly at home in the grave. If this plot synopsis of the final has left you confused, don't worry because you are not alone.
