I have three remarks to make about this movie, which I discovered hanging in Blockbuster's lower shelf. Firstly, it is interesting to see the approaches that film producers are trying to film essentially unfathomable works. Some have, as Kubrick did with "Lolita", have the original author write a script that is something like the original work. Of course, this cannot happen here; Kraft-Ebing is long dead. Some have used the premises for the original work as a starting point to go in a whole new, unrelated direction (the recent adaptation of "Tristram Shandy" comes to mind here). You can stupid it - The movie of "Slaughterhouse Five" is, in my opinion, an example of that. Or you can simply take the format of the original and try to do it in cinematic vignettes. It would be the approach to Woody Allen's "Everything You Wanted to Know About Sex" and probably this movie. After consideration it is probably the only thing that can be done with a scientific work like "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that, regardless of the cumulative point the original work had, it is hidden or destroyed. And then it's here. <br /> <br /> Point two is the cinematic style. Some will call it a "homage" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc. But I think it's more raw than that. It is far too heavily handed out and self-conscious to be effective for a long time. It's ultimately just annoying. Point three is perhaps a smaller intellectual observation. How did the people responsible for this make a movie about wild sexual deviations and perversion that is so incredibly boring? I found the movie impossible to pay attention to, and anyone who is not automatically drawn to images of sexual deviation will also find it. I do not want to be completely unlucky and say that the film is pointless, but I have to say that whatever the film producers did, it is quite obscure by the nature of the source material, the open copying of cinematic styles and the stubborn refusal to engage the audience in emotional level (possibly for fear of being accused of titulation). <br /> <br /> The movie is a dubious exercise from the start and doesn't really seem to me, I'm sorry to say.
