Wow, this is very unusual in one respect: Normally, the first movie in a variety of successors is the best of the pile. People are surprised when a successor is actually better. With Tarzan, I thought this movie was the worst of the pile, or at least the first six that included my Tarzan Collection DVD package. I would like to see the sequels several times, but I am about to sit through this turkey thanks to more characters. Let's start with the good news first: <br /> <br /> The good - Lots of action with many wild animals on the screen, even though they are only stock footage. You see lion attacks, crocodiles, hippos, panthers you called it, and you can see more of the different strains of all kinds, including pygmies (called "dwarfs" in the movie.) Since this film was made almost 75 years ago, I can't beat any of the realism because they didn't have it in the movies long ago. They do the best they can so you set up with actors talking in front of fake backgrounds. However, Weissmuller did a lot of action scenes and was in good shape. He and O'Sullivan make a well-built stylish couple if ever there was one in these Golden Years of Cinema. The film has historical value (with so many successors), showing how Tarzan acquired Jane and his beginning to learn the English language. The BAD - From the moment "Jane Parker" is taken by Tarzan almost all scenes with her, Maureen O'Sullivan is in hysteria, screaming and screaming scene after scene. It's enough to give you headaches and it destroys the movie. Fortunately, she rowed in the successors, but not in this movie. The film also makes no favors for the "The Great White Hunter" image as C. Aubrey Smith, who plays Jane's father and Neil Hamilton, as "Harry Holt", the safari guide, shoots at each animal within sight whether the animals threaten or does not. These people are kill-happy, especially Smith. On another note, it is too bad that there is nothing in this that explains how Tarzan should initially be in the jungle. There is no story about him here or pictures of his adult up. He's just there when Jane and the group come to a certain point in Africa.
