I just saw DreamGirls yesterday, and I was really underpressed. Despite all Oscar's buzz, this is nothing special. Anyone who was really impressed with this movie has never bothered any of the true movie musical classics. Apart from Eddie Murphy's great musical and dramatic performance, Dreamgirls is just a glorious television movie without style or flair. Just a lot of amateurs sang on each other! <br /> <br /> Now, the first half hour was good, but I was annoyed at how Eddie Murphy's amazing raveup performances were shortened and interrupted by montage. It was easily the best songs and best performances in the movie. And the movie's "rise to the top" was the only part of the movie that had a uniform view or momentum. The remaining hour and 45 minutes was a shapeless, striking mess that was neither realistic nor amazing enough to be interesting. It was also visually boring and included for many sound-like melodies. Condon did not try to turn any of the tunes into large exhibits that I expected them to. Each number in the 2nd half was only one close-up after each other of people "singing" to each other. And the way they shot Hudson's great "love me" number was criminal! Condon just shot her stomping around the scene - no drama at all! God it sucked! <br /> <br /> And note to everyone involved - that "sing-talking dialogue" things can work on stage, but it doesn't work in movies (see embarrassing mistakes in Evita and Phantom). All that, "I'll probably have you some Efff -eeeee!" crap should have been left in the editing room. It's not "songs". Again, the movie - apart from Eddie Murphy's amazing performance - was nothing more than a glorified television movie. There must have been megabucks behind the PR work for this movie! I wonder how much money was spent giving it the previous release "Oscar buzz? As a whole, this movie, except Eddie, NEXT CLOSE an Oscar caliber movie! (Except Eddie) I would rate it right up there with fat 2. great disappointment, especially after all (very expen $ i have) hype!
