Dreamgirls, despite the fussy of Tony winning in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, has never been what one would call a jewel in the crown of stage musicians. However, it is not to say that in the real film hands it could not be ragged and polished for something worthwhile on the screen. Unfortunately, what transfers to the screen are basically a Slavic faithful version of the scene hit with all its inherent weaknesses intact. First, the score has never been one of the strong points of this production, and the film does not change that factor. There are lots of songs (maybe too many?), But few of them are especially memorable. The closest thing to catchy tunes is the title song and only one night - the highly acclaimed and I tell you I'm not going is less a good song than it is a dramatic set piece for the character of Effie (Jennifer Hudson ). The film is smooth and technically well-produced, but the story and the characters are surprisingly thin and lacking in any resonance. There is some interest in opening hours, while Jamie Foxx Svengali-like manager manipulates his actions to the top, but it takes a back seat in the last part of the movie when the story conveniently tries to throw him like a villain, despite being right from a business room for a large majority of the film. Beyonce Knowles is lovely and sings her songs perfectly, but stuck with a sign that is basically shallow glitz. Anika Noni Rose as third member of Dreamgirl's trio has literally nothing to do for the whole movie. Eddie Murphy is well-known as a singer who is naturally based on James Brown, but the role is not very caring and ultimately has little meaning. Foxx seems to be ideal casting, but he seems strangely retracted and bored. The movie's biggest selling point is certainly the former American Idol contestant / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson in the central role of Effie White, the temperamental singer who gets started from the group and makes a triumphant closing action back. For me, Effie has always been a big problem in both the show and the film. The film, of course, wants you to be sad and rather to take him by the hand, but I have never been sure that this character deserves that kind of devotion. From the start, Effie mostly performs as an unpleasant, selfish, self-centered diva who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her rather than having a great interest in the group she is a part of. When she's started from the group for her unprofessional and bad attitude, the charges are more than justified, but the stage show / movie seems to believe Effie should have been cut unlimited simply because she has a good voice. Although the film is trying to soften some of Effie's harder edges to make her more comfortable, the charges still remain. Her story becomes more manipulative by suggesting that she should have our further sympathy because she is an unwanted mother struggling to raise her daughter - by implying that (like the talent card) motherhood immediately makes any behavior innocent. In fact, the only major action the movie does to show Effie's motherhood is to tell us about it and then include a scene where she bends to her daughter at the unemployment office, insisting that the girl has "no father" and then refuses to search After gaining employment to support them since song is all she knows. In the hands of a skilled actress, the holes might have been remedied by technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not the actress. She sings well, but the dialogue-driven moments do not come naturally to her or make high emotional moments. Effie's signature moments (the above and I tell you ... number) are sung by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie must express her rage and desperation on her problems, but Hudson comes out as a cabaret performer who belts a hot number. All in all, don't expect the emotional highlight. The last part of the film is basically a predictable melange of events that maneuver Foxx in Hudson's former position and allow her to stretch back and master all. Foxx's crimes in the film are undoubtedly ready for many struggling record producers, but the film's apparent influence on the fact that he got it because he helped usher in the disco era is quite ridiculous, not to mention pretentious and condescending, especially from a movie with the whole depth of a sausage. The end result is a faithful reproduction of the scene here, drained by emotions, energy or something that can be described as dynamic.
