In short, before I begin, I would say that this film itself is very well made and well-acted by everyone involved, including Whittaker, who really deserves his nomination. It's very entertaining, and. . . Taken in the right context as a work with FICTION, it's a very good movie. For that I give it two stars. <br /> <br /> But instead of wasting your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, instead of pointing to the absolute fictitious nature of this movie, and how dangerous is selling people, work of fiction as if it were truth. I emphasize that this film nowhere in the credits let us know that the protagonist, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan is a complete invention of fiction. Rather, it presents this character in a real historical setting, allowing the uninformed viewer to assume that he was indeed real and what they see is the truth. I have no problem with the mixing of facts and fiction - but to do so in such a dishonest question is in one word reprehensible. There is no doubt that Africa, along with most third worlds, is the abundance of human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long tried to capture people's suffering in these countries on film. But Hollywood is also looking to make money. The only real way to catch the suffering that seems to happen everywhere, but that the West is either to experience it yourself or at least have taken it in an honest documentary. But these depictions of fictitious characters in real historical settings can only do so much. At the end of the day, the less is about presenting the facts to the viewer to decide for themselves and more about leading you from image to image and slamming your head and screaming: "SEE WE HAVE ONLY THAT BAD!" The prominent example of this can be found by anyone who is willing to watch the documentary on the DVD after watching through the movie. Perhaps the most shocking picture of the movie is the look of Kay Amin's body, Idi's second wife, whom he killed when he discovered his infidelity. In the film we see that her limbs have been cut off and reassembled in the reverse (arms to legs and vice versa). This is the director to make sure you understand that Amin is as Gungan says, Bom-bath! But when we look at the documentary film, we learn that this is actually not more than a myth that the incumbent Minister of Health at the time he says himself is not true. <br /> <br /> So. . . what . . . They just do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us to come to the right conclusion. Seeing that she was murdered and dismembered, is in itself enough to conclude that Amin was not the sympathetic guy he portrayed to the media - we do not need this Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE inspired imagery to strengthen it! And that's just the tip of the iceberg. What is also not explained to the informal viewer is that the main character Garrigan himself is fictitious. There was no young Scottish doctor taken under Amin's wing. As such, Garrigan is obviously only present to help us stupid Westerners understand the African world. The producers seem to be things we will not be interested in a movie about Africa unless there is a white face in it. (Ironically, even the titular character is portrayed by an American black actor!) The problem with this is that the film is no longer Amin and his regime, but instead a widespread thriller about a white Western coming to Africa for all those Wrong reasons that make several terrible mistakes and then "redeemed" themselves, even at the expense of three other innocent lives. In fact, I have to say that it is almost reprehensible to assume that Mrs. Amin's true tragic death was the result of a drunk with a fictitious Scottish doctor - it seems almost a morbid joke for entertainment! I really want Hollywood to stop shaking us around for our money. I first understood his propensity to do this with the heavily manipulative A BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman's sugary sweet adaptation of John Nash's life, which erased the darker side of the man to present only the tortured hero that America just cannot get enough of The sad truth is that Hollywood has sold us these fake for years, and viewers who are predictable and understandable too lazy or scary to investigate for themselves, buy those fake portraits hook, line and sink. <br /> <br /> Look, I definitely don't suggest that Amin be turned into a villain he wasn't. My point is that with the truth being so shocking enough to convince us of human brutality, why should Hollywood go to such fictitious lengths? Why should Hollywood continue to offend us by holding our hands through these movies? Why can't they trust us to think for ourselves? Can't we just put the honest accounts on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I urge anyone who continues to see Hollywood's alleged "true" movie to make yourself ALWAYS self-investigating and NEVER assume that what is on the screen is close to the truth!
