Forest Whitaker's performance is even more impressive to make it almost worthwhile to sit through this boy. "Historical fiction" justifies not changing the story. The absurdity begins from the bottom of the imaginary lead character James McAvoy plays. Creating a fictitious observer with the purpose of giving the reader a point in the connection in the book is regrettable, regrettable that white people cannot just read a book without a white protagonist to connect to, but at least he was placed in a somewhat passive role. Making a fake historical actor and crediting this fiction by exposing Amin to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Not making the actions of this creation credible or even sane are just criminals and have opened the door to movies like the one they plan to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as a heroic Enron whistleblower who has never existed. The world's logic does not apply to this film, where some Scottish children think it is okay to sleep with a murderous dictator's wife. This does not apply where the dictator's wife wants to sleep with a stupid, spooky, irresponsible white boy. For that matter is NEVER lined up to sleep with this creepy, irresponsible, arrogant white boy, he even has Gillian Anderson licking their nice chops. <br /> <br /> Let me declare, I don't like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is about him, but I thought his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was scary and perverted. I think Kerry Washington would never see him twice, so I can't believe that a strong dangerous man like Amin would risk and lose his life for him. I don't believe him as a doctor, and I just don't see the appeal. His character seems to have much more arrogance than it would make sense, and trying to make him look like a bad chance of shooting the cow was just ... that's the word again ... absurd. Think about what you see in all these signs bending over to accommodate this incredible protagonist, and there was never such a guy. Gillian Anderson looks amazing and sounds more British than most Britons. Whitaker gives a great expansive magnetic performance and highlighted with his incomprehensible pre-Oscar speeches how much he performed. It is a pity that the film around him had no reason to exist.
