"Women? They're all scrubs ...!" <br /> <br /> No, not a good translation; not at all! It is behind the previous year's "dad's army", which completely lacks the special little screen magic of the original TV sitcom original and fails to play interesting at all with the big screen ... one can almost say that this movie represents a Great Britain that goes down and more precisely than a British film industry * goes into decline. And that's hardly a recommendation, is it? To be an example of sad folly ... Everything left behind the finesse of the TV original is surgically removed, by Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson are: endless, fake musical signals, gab, from Ron Grainer the theme ... enhanced sentimentality (the creepy, thick-eared ending ... how much bolder does the other Steptoe movie compare) an increased fertility - with director and writers apparently detaching completely - fully applicable to something like that "misbegotten monstrosity" (yours really on this site) from 1973, "The Mutations". There is a strange crushed, sharp tone about the scene in which Harold has appeared in a rugby club, that I partially hate and rewrite it (so far as a friend hinted at the mood of the TV series ...), but this seems in it at least an original slope and exciting symbols just boiling in Britain in 1972 ... However, there is an implied prostitute, one of a "heart of gold" who turns loose woman -traitor 'pon poor auld' Arold - and beyond-caricature of the 'class' element; Not to mention, surprisingly misjudged notions from the normally redoubtable leads. Brambell and Corbett collect the manuscript and actually avoid healing it with an important ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock have made of it all ...? I just want to admit it a few moments just about work - mostly those where G&S plays a little more carefully and B & C touches the nerves - and that's not all about an unmanageable affair. <br /> <br /> But and oh how it hurts me to say it: it is tedious, boring, both intentionally detached from reality and what made the TV series big and also in line with the lazy, tawdry, misogynist 'fuck it, it will make ...' timeliness of much of what was allowed to pass for mainstream film making in the UK by the time.
