OK, let me admit that I haven't seen any other Merchant Ivory (distributor) movies. Nor have I seen several famous works by the director, so my ability to discuss before Rains outside the analysis of the film itself diminishes. With that access let me begin. <br /> <br /> Before Rains is another kind of movie that doesn't know what genre it will be. First, it pretends to be a romance. In most romances, the protagonist falls in love with a supporting character, separated from the supportive character, and is (sometimes) united with his partner. The film's hero has already won the heart of his lover, but cannot be with her. His name is Henry Moores and her name is Sajani and they live in southern India during the declining days of Raj (British Imperial Government). Henry has been away from London for a long time and is in love with his married Indian girl, despite his legal marriage and child abroad. What could be better than that? They often sneak away for intimate afternoons until some children notice them. Words spread to Sajani's husband who questions her engagement with Moores. She refuses any contact with him, but Moores asks her to leave the area. Sajani denies him and commits suicide because of her affection. Please note that these events take place in the third opening hours of the film. The film changes tone and becomes a crime drama in its last portions. <br /> <br /> Sajani's body is discovered just as Moores' family is going to visit. The alleged perpetrator is Moore's English-trained assistant T.K. T. K. knows his master's affair, but silences until his life is threatened. When declared innocent, he tries to regain his honor by killing Moores. T. K. is too shameful and leaves him in a dirt road when the rain falls. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, it's not a romance movie. DVD deck and theater posters show an Indian woman and Caucasian man encircling in an idealized tropical setting. This image is recorded directly from the movie's opening, but disappears quickly. Then it's over. It seems an effort to exploit Western fixation on forbidden love. It is not effective at all. Not only is the movie not a romance, but its character lacks any personality. They are bundles of walking cliches. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not recognize his Indian friend, T.K.'s intelligence. T. K. is torn between his own heritage and his educational background. Sajani is a woman who is unable to make a choice in her romantic life. Oh, and of course, Moore's family is curious about Sajani's death, but still a little racist towards the Indians. If the tone wasn't so serious, I'd be willing to overlook these issues, but it's not. The film is presented with a didactic overtone that highlights the poor character development. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not horrible. Except for the ridiculous manuscript, it is not poor. The actors are all experienced and have a good time here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of the wonderful Indian drama Water. Even director Sivan has an impressive CV. He recently watched the Terrorist, who is part of Roger Ebers' Great Movies Collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned how he was inspired to lead this movie because of a map he saw in Israel, called Red Roofs. Apparently the story was "timeless," and Sivan tried to create a similar experience in the 1930's India. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan may have been too motivated this time. The actors, cinematography and seen designs are acceptable, but unless you share Sivan's aura, you probably won't enjoy it. My recommendation is that you assume that you are not in agreement with him and see something else. Final consensus: * and ½ out of *****
