I can understand after seeing this again for the first time in many years how it is considered one of the worst Laurel & Hardy's. For me, it's not as close as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some concrete big mistakes in it. The film was created to show Laurel and Hardy as owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is fun as the promotional leader of a "London Bridge" dance, surrounded by 20-year-old Fox starlets, while Laurel teaches the beginner ball while wearing a ballerina outfit. A clumsy carpenter wastes glue on the floor, leading to a predictable gag where Hardy ends with the looser. Then comes the racketeers who now sell insurance cover their protection racket. One of them is a very young and beautiful Robert Mitchum. But not before they bend the boys to buy insurance, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to Laurel and Hardy's support from wealthy patron Trudy Marshall and her inventor girlfriend Robert Bailey. They first try to help them hide their relationship from her deviant parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and the hopeful lawyer Allan Lane, whom we can tell rightly, is a non-good pig. This causes Briggs' hidden bar to be revealed to tea-altogether Dumont, and a gag where a blanket is literally pulled out of the affluent patriarch who crashes his bed in a pond. When Bailey uses the boys to help show off his jet gun, the pandemonium follows. Dead-pan Butler informs Case and Dumont that their house is on fire. Later, Hardy will use the insurance policy to make money paying their dance studio hire and hoping to get Laurel to break a leg to do so. There is no reference to the fact that insurance salesmen were gangsters and that the policy would probably be invalid. (Although they should have become legitimate insurance company, after being arrested, their licenses would have been revoked). Laurel ends up getting out of a bus that had been left by the driver over a presumably rabid dog (just a frosty, tight-fitting Toto look-alike or possibly the actual pooch) that causes Oliver to end up on a huge beach roller coaster that somehow the bus is completed, perfectly fits its wheels on the tracks. Roller-coaster gags can be exciting, as shown by "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood" and this is entertaining but anticlimactic. As the story breaks up, all these gags seem to have no point, giving the impression that this was simply a series of one-reelers composed to make a full-length feature, hopefully part of a dual bill. L & H, as I have mentioned in other reviews of their later films, had lost much of their brilliance after leaving Hal Roach's employment, but surprisingly they did not come out as old and tired as they had in films made in the same year. Had gags not been so entertaining, as was the case with some of their other films, this would surely have placed a "2" as opposed to a "3".
