For those fans of Laurel and Hardy, the 1940s and above were a very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios had expired and now they were "free agents" - could work for any study that offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French film company that hired the boys, absolutely had no touch for their comic talents. Plus, Stan and Ollie were much older and seeing these geriatric men taking pratfalls seemed sad, not very fun. Stan looked very ragged out, and Ollie's weight was ballooned up to the point where he could barely walk - and then made me uncomfortable laughing at their very, very reassured antics. Beyond their age, this special movie suffers because Fox Studios strangely cast them into a supportive role and created a parallel plot involving a young couple - something that reduced their time on the screen and made them scary "hangers on" instead of just being yourself. A cute and nice Stan and Ollie are very alien to the old Laurel and Hardy from the 20s and 30s - and just seemed terribly strange and badly fit. <br /> <br /> Even with their age, this could have been a decent movie if it had been properly written and if it seemed that the studio was worried - and it is clear that they were using "B device "here - with at best other class support. In particular, there are very few laughs, and the last 10 minutes of the movie are simply terrible - solely dependent on a sloppy backward screen for the stupid hunting scene - which may just be considered one of the worst of its kind in film history. <br /> <br /> For mind-numbed zombie lovers of Laurel and Hardy, it's probably a movie they will love. But for the lovers of the team who are willing to honestly evaluate this movie compared to their amazing past films, it simply comes up. In fact, of all their full-length movies before 1940, I can't think of one I liked less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, after the 1940s, it's just one of their better. Unfortunately, it got much worse - with miserable movies like the big noise and nothing but bugs. I just wish the boys had just retired after SAPS AT SEA. Finally, I wonder if all the generally positive reviews of this movie on IMDb might reflect the judges' love for the team more than it is an indication that this is a good movie? For an audience that is not already in love with the team, I do not know how this film will do other than drill the audience - it certainly will not convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comical geniuses. But even comic geniuses need material worthy of their talents.
