This movie uses all art house cliches (slow pace, long static shots, minimal dialogue) to try to hide the fact that there really is nothing worth seeing here: There is no plot to talk about, the characters are boring lead) or cliché (Tersteeghe's character), and they do not ever talk to each other about anything that concerns their rather endless life. The film is centered around a woman who finds out her husband's adultery. Instead of confronting him, she takes half-hearted revenge by committing adultery herself. After a fight and reconciliation with her sister - who knew about infidelity without telling her - she asks her husband to stop cheating on her. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other stories - the planned movement of the woman's older father with his young wife to Guernsey and the rivalry with the woman's sister - does not give any interesting developments. The suicide of a colleague from the woman who seems to set aside events in the movie is not an issue in itself. For 2005 - or any other year for that matter - it's not enough to make an interesting movie. <br /> <br /> Moreover, the small opportunities for dramatic development found in the script are not used or deliberately avoided, as when both the woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture from their fathers house, which will be sold because of his planned movement. Both sisters want this piece and give their rivalry earlier - over much more important things than furniture: men - in theory this could lead to a confrontation. Or the case can be solved by a sister who gives way to the other. It would also not be a very interesting or original development of the story, but it would at least make some progress. The film clearly sets this situation up (with both sisters looking at each other under the tag, and a sister has mentioned that she does not want to draw streaks), but it deceives us without any decision: the scene just ends and how this even rather dull and materialistic - the problem is fixed, is not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue that is in the movie is scary and lukewarm. For example, when visiting Guernsey, the two sisters address their rivalry. It's in a three-line dialogue that has a childish "yes it's - no it's not" call it. The battle situation and the reconciliation scene with the 2 sisters is completely without dialogue - giving a very artificial, overly stylized and unrealistic impression and significantly reducing its influence. The way the woman finally - finally! - Addressing her spouses marriage in a single dialogue line should be seen as believed - and at the same time is absolutely incredible. The man does not seem to have any noticeable reaction, or if he has something, it does not appear. The woman does not mention her own adultery to her husband. The scene showing the woman, the man and their young son sleeping on an airline seen by the sister may have meant a happy end, but the way the characters dealt with the problems of their lives in what went before makes it unlikely. <Br /> <br /> Because of its slow pace, uninteresting history, leading direction and absurd lack of dialogue, I found this movie an example of everything that might be wrong with an art house movie and a complete waste of time.
