I don't know what I missed here, but I can't believe all those positive comments from so many people on this movie. I thought it was silly and a little over the top. I liked the performances of Gregg Henry and Michael Rooker, but the others were just ... boring. <br /> <br /> Now I like B movies, I really do, but it was a little further down the alphabet for me. I saw someone comparing humor and horror in this to "Army of Darkness" and "Shaun of the Dead" as well as "Equal to The Re-Animator". It must be your joke. I didn't find this movie fun, it tried, it made an effort (possibly too much of an effort), but it didn't succeed in my opinion. When I was hit with 3rd or 4th liner, I rolled my eyes and checked my watch. There was definitely tribute to several other movies that are always cool, like an inside joke to us horror fans. But here it may have only been a lack of original thinking. Admittedly, there were some good special effects, good gore, but it can't carry a whole movie. The mutant Grant looked like a junction between Jabba the Hut and in the early stages of mutation-Chet from "Weird Science" (after he was transformed into the monster) and one of the alien creatures / children of "The Explorers". It just didn't work. I thought it looked like something a class 5 art class child could have designed. Then there was Brenda, the woman Grant impregnated and chained in the barn. When the help finally arrived, she looked like a huge cross waiting to be popped. The design was again quite imaginative. A round meat-colored balloon with a face in the middle. * gab * <br /> <br /> Now about the zombies - the more movies I see with zombies in them these days, the more I wanted, George A. Romero had a patent on them and was the only author / instructor allowed to make movies about them. He is the only person so far to do it right, except for Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg (but it was a comedy). Oh, and Danny Boyle, but they were another Zombie style. Perhaps, Mr Romero has destroyed some zombie film for me because of his ingenious ability to make his actors moan, moan and ashamed, as if their joints are dried up and even lack a drop of synovial fluid and their muscles are fighting for the effects caused by rigor mortis, which had begun to settle just before being recycled. The people of "Wheelsy" just didn't have the right motivation ... they were horrible zombies. So at last I give "Slither" a 3, for a couple of laughs and a couple of nice doing scenes.
