Slither is a horror comedy that doesn't really have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has a very good scene, any number of singers that work, but very few real scares and not enough humor to maintain the movie. Moreover, the script does not focus on hero and heroine, and goes out in several places. <br /> <br /> A major flaw in this movie is that it introduces and then leaves its hero (Fillion) to follow Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) as he first introduced and then becomes the monster. This whole part of the movie draws - Michael Rooker's character is not that interesting to us as a person and looks, while going through a series of movements while acting in the interest of monsters, it may be interesting if this was Grant - Portrait of a Man Turning into a monster rather than a horror-comedy alien invasion movie. In the end, the movie's problems in the script - it's not so important to the audience how the monster works or shapes itself. The purpose of a horror comedy is to get the heroes backed up in a corner with shotguns and then throw bugs on them, with them snapping clever every time something scary or disgusting happens. Instead, we get an exploration of the alien's habits and tactics, which just makes this part of the film move. The apparent heroine (Elizabeth Banks like Starla Grant) is more central to this part, but I felt the movie had left its story track, unless it was planned to follow Grant Grant all the way to the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his pose finally confront the alien, the movie begins to cook, but again the problem is in the script. At this point, the audience - and the characters should know - know that Grant not only suffers from a disease and acts accordingly (shotguns) - instead, they continually despair with increasing evidence that this is not something that "let's get you to a hospital "will help. Although their reactions may have been human and real, they are characters in an action movie and should just have done what the film promised - delivered action. A lack of action scenes in a movie with so few ideas like this is a big mistake. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and outbreak of the alien caterpillar sacks (a minor character and perhaps the best scene in the movie), the script changes the movie again. At this point, one of the characters is almost taken over by the alien and develops an insight into the alien. The writer director (Gunn), as this character, chooses a completely new character, rather than one of the already developed smaller figures. Why? Why does he need to introduce a whole new character more than an hour into the movie that becomes central to the plot? When this character is attacked, we hardly know anything about her and could care less about her, even though she is a huge teenage girl in her bath. Had Gunn decided not to use this character and just used one of the established smaller characters, he could completely avoid introducing his family and saving time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine would have been filled in on the alien's plans without all the extra signs, and could have caused foreigners to blow faster and with more energy. My last criticism is based on the film's appearance. Gunn is primarily a writer, or perhaps it was budget constraints, but this movie looked ugly and uninteresting. Most of the actions take place at night in the forest or on a field, and the screen simply looks like a killer. The sets in Wheelsy (the fictional city where the action takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Box Office Mojo says the film's budget was $ 15 million, newspapers say $ 29 million, and given that they didn't use any name talent, I'd say the money didn't appear on the screen. The monster is just repulsive and rarely looks deadly. The last criticism is primarily based on the reality of the character's actions. When Fillion and Co have begun to hunt the Grant / alien, a woman has disappeared and Grant is known to have been mutilated. At this point, I was expecting the FBI or at least the state police to show up and take over from the hick sheriff. A woman has disappeared and probably been murdered, and a local has acted psychotically. Time to call the authorities. But basically, I hoped it would happen because I just wanted some signs that would show up and ACT. <br /> <br /> Although this movie seems to be a horror comedy, the movie's most resemblance to Dreamcatcher is in terms of monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had much bigger problems with the story (especially the whole Morgan Freeman subplot) and especially the ending, it was in many ways stronger, mainly because the protagonists were stronger, but more importantly because it looked beautiful. Although it may be anathema - the movie, which is weaker generally prefers the plot and structural spine because of production values ​​- it just shows you how uninteresting I found the appearance of Slither.
