This movie causes me. It may be that I'm just a stupid American, but I really don't get 400 beats. All I've read about this movie has been a total rave, but I just couldn't be interested. I'm sure it was so revolutionary in film making as all critics say, but when it boils down to it, it's just really boring. Maybe it's the language barrier, I just can't be "sensitive" or "artistic" enough, but whatever I have, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad; It is a young French boy who is treated unfairly by his parents and his teachers, and eventually ends up in a youth facility. That in itself should be interesting, and it was first. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but again it is difficult to say because half of the conversations were not subtitled and without apparent reason, so I did not always know what was going on. But for the dialogue we could understand it made enough sense. The actors were credible enough, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in those situations. So you feel the main character, but only in the sense that when he comes into trouble, you think well, that sugar. The reason is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he gets more trouble than the last time, but the reasons never vary too much. And throughout the film, you realize that there is nothing that the protagonist can really do about it. So it's more like just waiting to see how it ends. By the way, the end was completely over my head. It's too artificial for me, and I just haven't got it. Leading up to the end was easy enough to follow. The structure was determined there and it also made sense, but everything was really pulled out. For the amount of dialogue and important moments, the film could have been an hour shorter. It just didn't end. Part of it was the unnecessarily long shots, none of which were particularly memorable; for example, the end was a clip of the protagonist running down a road that lasted just over 30 seconds. Now I'm sure there was a deeper meaning in it somewhere, but for the average viewer I'd rather have a little more food during that time. Or at least do something a little more useful than sit and watch this boy running, like doing my laundry or taking a nap. <br /> <br /> Final Review <br /> <br /> The feeling throughout the movie was that this would be very moving and just amazing and that would teach me a good life lesson if I could only get what the director was trying to say of his? unique decisions. As it was, I just felt cheated out of a good two hours in my life.
