This movie aka "the four hundred beats" is a mistranslation.Faire les 400 coups "means" to live a wild life. As a French, I am stunned when I see the popularity of this good, but by no means excellent films. 1. It is not the first film of the "nouvelle vague" movement; see Agnes Vardas "la pointe courte", (1956) Alain Resnais "Hiroshima mon amour" (1958), Claude Chabril's "le beau serge" (1958) is anterior. Historically, "read 400 coups" after. 2.The "nouvelle vague" was sometimes difficult and hard on their predecessors: Accommodation Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves Allégret and many others were condemned to oblivion. This selfishness and this disdain is typical You have never heard (or read) the great generation of thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier already Feyder) laughing at, says Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder.So thanks to Truffaut and co people never discover any pearls of the French fifties or forty (Duvuviers sous le ciel de Paris ", Autant-Lara's" douce ", Yves Allégret's" une si jolie petite plage "and" manèges ") went so far as to say that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless! 3. "Read 400 coups" is technically disappointing: it is very academic, history is as linear as it can be, teachers are caricatures, and mother Claire Maurier delivers such memorable lines like (you need to be French around 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is): Now your father has only his letter (junior school diploma) and I only have my high school diploma! of the students HSD in Fr Antoine Doinel should have been proud of her mother! She wants him to have diplomas, who can blame her? 4. Compared to the innovations "Hiroshima mon amour" which contains a brand new form and a new "fragmented" content, "read 400 coups" pales in importance. Truffaut will master a new form only with the extremely superior "Jules and Jim", aided by the incomparable Jeanne Moreau. 5.The interpretation is quite rigid, Jean-Pierre Léaud, who may be listening when he is in English, is still decent, but he will soon degenerate into the most affected of his generation. 6.The subject = stolen childhood had better days before (Julien Duvivier's "Poil de carotte", Luis Bunuel's "los olvidados") and wants after (Maurice Pialat's "l'enfance nue", Kenneth Loach's "Kes") he will not be honest Truffaut, his movie is not bad but frankly, French movie buffs prefer "Jules and Jim" "An enfant sauvage" (a movie honest, true and commercially uncompromising for a mistake) "I argent de poche" (as an academic as "400 coups" but much more fun) or his beautiful Hitchcock pastiche "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
