It's a Frank Zappa axiom that "music journalism are people who can't write interviewers people who can't speak for people who can't read." If you ever need evidence that musicians can't speak, this is the movie for you. Repeated attempts at depth stumbled upon themselves to end in monosyllabic comments delivered in awestruck voices: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Muhammad.) This movie is pretentious, but while much of pontificating from Youssou N'Dour and his gang of merry men (and a token woman) are grates, the music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea behind the movie (what I take to be the main idea, deepened by the unclear comment) is interesting. To gather a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through the various styles of music that grew up in and out of slavery back to their roots in the music of West Africa and a concert in the old slave fort of Gorée next to Senegal's coast. We are treated to gospel, blues, jazz and variations of these, including some amazing drum both in New Orleans and Senegal. There are also quite a few N'Dour's own compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. It is never quite clear what N'Dour wants to achieve. To some extent, the film seems to be an exercise in self-promotion on N'Dour's side. He wants to play his own music, jazzed to some extent and performed in the company of a bunch of musicians he admires. He is obviously a little embarrassed by this, and early in the film the blessings of the Gorée Museum curator are achieved. <br /> <br /> The collapse of the various agendas appears in several other places. Eg. Someone felt, of course, that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without involving an evangelical choir, but N'Dour and most of his friends are Muslims (a point repeatedly made throughout the film). The very early sequence involving the black Christians is unpleasant, and then they disappear from the history of the closely harmonious group (the only black Christians who can hold a tone?) Appearing in Dakar at the end of the movie. (To be righteous, they become triumphant and do the best in the movie.) If the story of black music is to nod in the gospel, why not also in Latin America? Where are the black musical influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here, the black diaspora does not seem to have produced any caliber musicians when N'Dour chooses to draw in Austrian guitarist and a trumpet player from Luxembourg. Are they in the team just because N'Dour has played with him before? What I personally found most annoying, however, was the long sequence that attempted to recreate a kind of 60's beatnik / black power / Nation of Islam cultural event in Amir Baraka's New York home (a.c. Leroi Jones). Hear people talk about the importance of "knowing your story," and then in the next breath of persistence ignorance. Why do so many African Americans think that taking an Arabic name is a claim for their African roots? And why do Arab Islam think so much more admirable than European Christianity? Who do they believe in trading African slaves in the first place? The film does not have much to say about the situation in West Africa today, besides the flatness, that "contemporary conditions" are a consequence of the fact that all the brightest and best have been shipped for 300 years. The Senegalese seem to be a poor but happy, musically gifted folk, friendly and welcoming, respecting their elders (and not the visiting Americans in the fish market). Is this ethnic stereotype or just my imagination? There are no comments on the armed guard that N'Dour and the camera crew seem to need in the opening order as they go through the Dakar streets. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong influence on the movie that the slaves taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity of folk drum set style in New Orleans and folk drum style Senegal is cited as evidence. The last thing the slaves heard before they were sent away was their homeland's drumming and bid them farewell. Except of course, virtually the slaves shipped from Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were trapped or traded from within the coastal Senegalese and sold to traders by the European power, which at present held the Gorée slave fort. The people of the dean are not the descendants of the Africans who escaped the slave trade, they are equally likely? more likely ?? to be descendants of the people who sold their black brothers for slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The two agendas are clashes again in the final part of the movie. There are two separate endings. On the one hand, the concert, which N'Dour and Co have traveled and prepared themselves along the way, and which they deliver on Gorée slave the fort of the fort. The other end comes when the Harmony Harmonists sing the "Return to Glory" spiritual, in the slave fort's seaward doorway. This moves deeply, although it is hard to believe that the performance is quite spontaneous as it seems. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that is flawless. Unclear of history, it tries to tell and retreat in different directions. Annoying, confusing, beautiful, and emotional at swing. See it (listen to it) for the music and the feeling, but don't expect enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
