I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I ran out to get "Frankenstein to be destroyed" to see Cushing on it again ... even though it was without Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment, this movie not only makes Lee, but it does without Frankenstein's Monster altogether! Was it a case of "If we can't get Lee, we have no monster at all?" Why would they do it? The monster is half fun of it all !! This film is dedicated solely to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his attempt to end experiments he had begun in brain transplants before joining an asylum. I found the script extremely weak, with the need to suspend infidelity forced to the audience a little too much. I'm willing to suspend a reasonable amount, but this movie was pretty ridiculous, which took me out of the movie instead of immersing myself in it. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing, however, is absolutely brilliant who plays badly in this movie. To be one of the most beloved actors and infamous sweet men, he could surely play threatening and maliciously extremely well. The support molding is competent but has little to do, even the young doctor and his fiancé chanted to help Frankenstein. A bumbling police chief is introduced along with his put-on sidekick to generate some comic relief, so they have completely dropped off the movie! Why? We are led to believe that the chief of police will be Baron's most important nemesis, and we will be led to believe that it will be the young doctor, and then it will end up being the victim of Frankenstein's brain transplantation experiment. There were no tensions, we were not invested in "the creature" and the end was left so ambiguous that we left a dissatisfied one because it is so clear that they are creating another successor. <br /> <br /> Also, there are almost no "horror" items. Yes, there is a memory in the beginning (off-camera) and we are treated to Cushing's sounds that cut two men's skulls (again, without camera) and there is the most disturbing and thoroughly unnecessary rape scene (90% of which are again, off-camera). I understand that there is a love to "let the audience imagine it all, for their imagination is far worse than what we can show", but come back if you don't want to give us a monster, let's at least Let us SEE the few "terrible" items you choose to include. Showing us a skeleton in the laboratory lit with a green light is just not scary. <br /> <br /> On top of a weak script, I thought the director was most flat. There were a couple of good shots, but otherwise no excitement, atmosphere or excitement was caused. The same director did "Curse" back in 1958 and I thought it was brilliantly directed ... guess he was so uninspired of this movie as I was. <br /> <br /> The movie gets a 4 out of 10 from me strictly for Peter Cushing's powerful, nuanced performance ... beyond that, I found little in this movie worth recommending. Instead, my suggestion is to see "The Curse of Frankenstein" and watch a really big Hammer horror movie.
