"Her Cardboard Laws" is Norma Shearser's last movie. She stopped the movies, and I think they came to the board of MGM. It was a good step on her side. "Her Carton Lover" was talky and boring in parts. It was obvious that there were only a handful of actors with talking parts, so they had a lot of dialogue to speak to keep this turkey afloat. The story was a good idea of ​​a wealthy woman (Norma Shearer) hiring a man (Robert Taylor) to make her playboy fiancé (George Sanders) jealous. I'm surprised that the director, George Cukor, doesn't cut many of the talky scenes between Ms. Shearer and Mr. Taylor. Mr. Cukor served Ms Shearer well in "The Women" but not in this movie. <br /> <br /> The best performance in the movie was given by Robert Taylor. Under Mr. Taylor's career he got his best comedy roles in this movie and "When Ladies Meet" in 1941. In 1942 he gave his best comedy pastor in "Her Carton Lover" and until then his best dramatic performance in "Johnny Eager." He had a busy year. I think of all the actors at MGM, Mr Taylor worked with all the big and small actresses at the party. MGM also gave Mr Taylor all kinds of movies - most of them were successful. Therefore, MGM held him for 25 years. <br /> <br /> Mr. George Sanders was very good as a socialite heel. He played a similar role eight years later in "All About Eve", which he won an Oscar for a supporting role. For Mrs Shearer, this was one of her worst performances, she was not fun and too dramatic for this comedy. It is strange that she made a great comedy in 1939, "The Women", and gave her the best performance. It was obvious that she was too old looking for her younger leading men in "Her Cardboard Law." Also, it didn't help that some of her clothes were awful. <br /> <br /> Too bad, she and Mr Taylor didn't make another dramatic movie as their last movie together, the amazing "Escape". The same comments about this movie can be said of another movie, "Personal Property", which Mr. Taylor made in 1937 with Jean Harlow. It was too talky, boring, and the actor looked old. Ms Harlow so ill throughout the film, and no one in Hollywood noticed her telling them to see a doctor, so in 1937 she died aged 26. What a waste! She became a good actress and got better roles.
