Even before 1942 the standards for the film-making setup presented by HER CARDBOARD LOVER were dated to the extreme. Machinations of a half-pair (by husband / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) to get the other back in the threat of marriage with another, divorce or any separation by jealousy, humiliation or other arrangements had been made much better in classics like HIS GIRL Friday and PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both of these films have women with a strong, indomitable screen presence and who played independent, proto-feminist characters. In both films, both women were divorced from their (witty) first men and set to marry colorless men who were their opposite, and both would be bamboosized to reject their soon-to-be-true men and restore their passion for each other . <br /> <br /> The reason in HERE CARDBOARD LOVER changes gender: here is Norma Shearer in the Cary Grant role, this time to ward off a former boyfriend (George Sanders) by employing Robert Taylor to pose as her gigolo . The problem is, Shearer is too old to play a role more suited to an actress in her mid-to-late twenties; Sanders is about the most involved as a piece of furniture - anyone who would fall in love with his fiance and see a stranger come out of her bathroom as it does here would knock the lights out of him and cause a big scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his role as if he were trying to channel Cary Grant half the time, not in speech bells, but in overall essence. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is Shearer himself. For an actress used to share that gave her a sense of intellectual sexiness and dramatic presence, playing Consuelo Craydon seems to put her into the hardships of utterly over-emotional, over-emotional, and convincing as while still part of her style by acting and more appropriately ten years earlier, makes her look like an extremely sober performer who throws the joke out of a situation like water from a rather dry sponge. It only burns fires that tell the theory that gives Irving Thalberg the creator of his career and chooses (most of her) roles; why she transferred roles like Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on mega-hits NU VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but again, most accounts also say that at this point she had just burnt from acting that she had lost interest in all of it, and it is no secret that anyone who has experienced this kind of thing Has essentially lost focus and cannot wait for retirement or the termination of a contract is near leaving as soon as possible. That might be the case here. She seems lost, she seems tired, she seems dissatisfied, goes through autopilot instead of living part. After this movie she would not do more but would be responsible for discovering Janet Leigh, who would enter her as a screen star in the late 40s and into the 60s.
