Welcome to movie 17 on the chilling classics 50 package. Where we can see, that's right. Another movie that makes absolutely no sense. Seriously, this movie had me so confused at the end, I thought I was rewatching "To Dawn the Sleep." The plot seems simple enough ... yes it is up to 3 seconds in the movie, where a girl apparently killed a cat and then ... um .. explode? I have no idea what happened. and that was before the title screen. It's really sad when I can't even tell what happened in the first 3 minutes. <br /> <br /> Still, it steals a photographer with a big mustache who finds this girl dumped her second boyfriend on her way to take pictures of something somewhere. so we get there, but not before stealing their jeep to drive it 200 meters out of the way to a city. suspicious? Oh. so they decide to stay in this deserted village with an old lady. and then blah blah things, and blah blah talking. The guy with mustache goes out into the mist for some reason, although the old lady does not tell him. He is lost and finds his way back. Oh, I forgot to mention everything is after an incredibly pointless 20 minutes of those staying in a guy's house that looks like the buggy eyed guy from casablanca. Then they leave. There really is no point in this scene. It's really just padding. If you cut it out, no one would have noticed or cared. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it was actually the best part of the movie. wait. Let me rephrase it. Really it was the best part of the movie. because the rest is so confusing that I had to look at IMDb to find out what happened. But of course nobody else knows so I'm SOL. <br /> <br /> Seriously, the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most mindscrewing moments I've ever seen in movies. They dressed her up in a dress he was kidnapped, then released, he runs back to the house, so at the end is the witches in the house and it ends? seriously. I have almost never been so confused in a movie. I mean, as bad as movies like "War of the Robots" is, at least they do SENSE. This movie doesn't even make ATTEMPT to be coherent. The ending was as confusing as the end of "At dawn they sleep" and the reason was much more boring. This movie gets a 1 just for its pure "I have no idea what happened in this movie" ness. "Witches Mountain" gets 1 confused movie watcher out of 10.
