I couldn't understand this movie much of the time, nor could anyone else based on other reviews. The opening movie on this film has virtually nothing to do with the rest of the story. In it, a photojournalist with a big mustache interrupts his holiday to get away from his girlfriend. He is tasked with photographing a mountain range. It's rumored to be haunted, but I didn't know if he heard it from his boss or later in the movie. On the way he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to stay with him on her work trips. Throughout the movie, there is this terrible music score, which consists mainly of noisy song that screams you "HOLD UP NEVER !!!" What really will hurt a person is that the film always seems to be good, even if it never does. There are beautiful mountain scenery and some really scary surroundings. The inn and the quiet, abandoned old buildings scattered on the mountain are quite incredible. The fog nights look real, not as if someone is putting an artificial mist machine on the set. And the idea, while not original, had potential. But it never improves, at least not enough to be worthwhile. That's how it goes more or less. They stop at this inn run by a strange innkeeper (you expect him to be Igor) with a hearing problem. There is a scene where the author thinks a peeping tom is in her window, but the scene is so dark I didn't know what was going on. Whether this was poor lighting or a poor movie transfer, I am not known. In any case, we never find out what happened. There is a scene where she walks out at night. Whether she is sleeping or fascinated by the titles of the titles, it is never explained. Another scene that has never been explained is when their car is stolen, so found again, with nothing stolen. They open up in this seemingly deserted mountain village whose only inhabitant is this seemingly friendly old woman. There are other things, including a chained wilderness in a cave that is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice the author somehow (will they kill her or brainwash her to join them?), The hedges themselves, a bunch brunette women in white clothes not showing up to the last 15 minutes of the movie and whose practice and beliefs never explained. Even the final scene makes no sense. When all is said and done, most will say, "Huh?"
