Saying this movie is extremely difficult to follow and just as frustrating to sit through it puts it very mildly. Also, to say that the current available print is dark, dull, scratchy, abysmally edited, painfully dubbed, apparently censored and in almost rigid form also correct. This movie has a great need for a good remastering from the full, pristine, original negative and see how it is reasonably atmospheric (and won the director a prize at the Catalonia Film Festival), it can actually be worth the trouble. Then again, maybe not ... It's just impossible to tell in its present state what kind of movie it really is. It starts quite interesting if you can discount the completely meaningless opening order, which involves a fake cat-killing, snake-loving little girl named Gerda. The girls mother, Carla (Mónica Randall, who should have put the eye lens a bit) spray some petrol around the garage and burn the steep. Apparently as crazy as young Gerda, she goes to visit her alienated photographer (ex?) Sweetheart Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He's on vacation from work, but so desperate to get away from Carla, that he asks his employers to put him on a job ... some job. She scowls "You will be sorry!" as he leads out the door. Now Mario gets to photograph "Witches Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I think). Before coming to his destination, he sees a hottie on the beach named Delia (Patty Shepard) and snaps a few pictures of her taking off her bikini top. Just a little choppy, she claims to be a single author, the two flirting and then deciding it would be a bulging idea if they went on the mountain together. When they stop at her place to pack her bags, Mario suddenly hears loud, eerie music. Delia claims he only hears things. <br /> <br /> So the two start their trip up the mountain and take a stop at a local inn to stay overnight. There, they meet a strange, partially deaf, crazy eye innkeeper (Victor Israel) and Delia claims that someone spies in through the window. The next day, during some trance, she walks up the mountain and is eventually placed by Mario, jumping out of his jeep and running after her. While he finds out what's happening, someone steals their wheels and they are forced to go for a while and eventually find the jeep undamaged at the foot of a small, old, abandoned village ... almost as someone tried to deliberately entice them there. Well, as we will see, that's exactly what happened. In the village, they meet a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra) who claims to be the only one still living there and leaving them in her home. Mario takes some pictures of the "abandoned" city, and when he develops them, they are greasy full of people. A little frightened, he and Delia start to leave and stuck in "treacherous" fog and have to pull and live for the night. The rest of the movie has to do with voodoo dolls, black cats transformed into sexy women, satanic rituals performed by ladies in their bras and a deadly fall from a rock. And yes, by chance, Carla shows the strange wife also being one of the hedges. It all takes place in semi-darkness and to be quite honest, I didn't know what hell was going on most of the time. The unofficial "open" end is just an extra pat on the face for anyone who has to suffer through the rest of this pointless mess. In fact, there are just a few things that stand out as being really good. The first is actress Shepard, who has the great Barbara Steele kind of dark, mysterious beauty. There is also an excellent music score (credited to Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and chanting songs which helped enormously in making this film as atmospheric as it is. The placement work is pretty decent, but as I said, the pressure is ugly as it can be, and it doesn't give a feeling, so keep it on with caution.
