In Europe, it is known as Who Dares Wins; In America it is known as The Final Option, but under any title, this ridiculous SAS action-flick asks the audience to put their disbelief on one side for about two hours. I find it incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the deer here) was almost chosen as Roger Moore's successor in the Bond films .... this guy is so expressive that he would fight to get a job in a waxing museum ( as a waxwork !!!) Fortunately, Judy Davis is ready to partially redeem the affair with a meaty performance as a hard-line lady terrorist and there is a climactic ten-minute action sequence that is fully orchestrated by director Ian Sharp. Let it be added that it is a very, very long wait for these closed tensions to get around, and I cannot honestly say that an almost two-hour wait for a little decent action was worth doing. <br /> <br /> SAS hardcore Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) goes undercover among a group of peace protesters who would like to see the end of nuclear weapons storage. He meets with their leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a highly-spoken and perceived woman who might just take extraordinary measures to reach his goals. Frankie's dedicated pile besieged the US Embassy in London and demanded that a nuclear missile be fired on a naval base in Scotland (she believes that when the world witnesses a nuclear weapon, everyone will be so shocked that they will join campaign for disarmament). Unfortunately for Frankie, she takes the mistake of taking the Skellen on her little embassy raid, and he plans to ward off their plan from the inside with a little timely help from his SAS comrades. <br /> <br /> The film is inspired - quite obviously - by the amazing SAS attack on the Iranian Embassy in 1981. A person who saw the event on the news thought it would be good to design a movie on the same manner. Unfortunately, the film is rather banal, with too much stupid dialogue and a lot of many embarrassingly bad scenes (the Archbishop's debate coming down in a rebellion, someone?) Frankie's idea of ​​creating peace by embarking on a nuclear weapon is ridiculous anyway so she becomes a ridiculous figure when the audience is seeing her as an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins is trying to be a celebration of the military legend that is SAS, but at the same time it falls into clumsy action cliches and poorly thought-out planning. The result is a well-meaning but totally ineffective slice of Boy's Own absurdity.
