So this film has been hailed, glorified and carried to incredible heights. But in the end what is it really? Many of the ways it is made to work for a hearing aid on the screen do not work. The relatively academic camera work keeps the signature confused, and scenes that are in ASL are difficult to follow as a result even of one who is relatively fluent. The voice interpretation of Matlin's dialogue, with the excuse that Hurt's character "likes the sound of his voice," makes her more and more into a strange distant object while the film continues. Matlin shines in the few scenes where her signing is not partially hidden from view. But most of the movie, when this is a love story, is shown only from a single point of view, namely for the man. As Ebert said, "If a story is about the battle of two people over the common area they want to communicate on, it's not fair to make the whole movie on the terms of only one of them." <br /> <br /> The idea that an oral teacher using methods that have been imposed in many deaf schools for decades will be presented as "revolutionary" is quite insulting in itself. His character is weakened as a credible teacher as the film continues. Drawing comedy from a deaf accent is quite frankly, pretty low. And his attitude towards the male students in his class is rather symptomatic of how he seems to be dealing with women: like a judge. A party scene involving a number of deaf people, including a few graduates meeting together, apparently leaves him isolated in a way that is quite incompatible with his credentials. I have seen interpreters spontaneously switch to each other, even when they were not aware of a deaf person in the area, and yet he feels like a fish out of the water in an environment that his education should have made him. As a lover, he seems like a typical dogged fine guy, including his tendency to act afterwards. And yet the film is actually only seen through him, as everything his lover says is filtered through his voice. <br /> <br /> The scenes involving the other deaf children are generally wallbangers. The broken symbolism fails, the dance scene, the pool scene, even the first sleep scene to carry some of it - all those scenes trying to suggest the isolation of the deaf protagonist are at best broken metaphors: many to hear people, knowing, dancing on the base, knocking off deaf people feeling (instead of squirming as copulating chihuahuas), and taking an evening dive to a hearing person is rarely an excuse to make a deep account of the isolation of deafness (no, seriously When I go swimming, I go swimming) ... Nor does it fail to do the end of the game, instead making it a story of a deaf woman sending to a strong man. Although the original game ended with a more straightforward ground where both have to accept each other as they are, and where he must finally recognize her real voice, the movement of her hands is not the vibration of the throat. <Br /> <br /> And for all the breakthroughs that may have turned out, Marlee Matlin is still Hollywood's token deaf woman to this day.
