There is something in most of us, especially guys who admire some really working class small town "real men" populist fare. And Sean Penn serves it for us with a cherry on top. Hi, many people use Penn as a political whipping boy, but I don't rate movies or actors / instructors based on politics or personality. This is what right-wing commentators like excruciating faux-film critic Debbie Schlussel do. While acknowledging that he is one of our best actors and a good instructor, I think this picture was a simplified piece of effortlessly drunk as he has been sitting since. <br /> <br /> Okay, you have the core of this. There is this good policeman, a small town trooper, Joe, played against the type of David Morse, who in the opening scene is chasing a guy on a highway in big sixties cars. The bad guy stops, comes out, shoots at him, so Joe must blow him dead. There was no explanation what drove this man to do such a desperate violent thing, and the dead men's parents do something redneck freak out at the police station while Joe feels really sad and guilty that he must kill someone. So we know Joe, the farmer forced from his country to a policeman, is a good basic kind of guy. Then his brother Frank shows, he is a sadistic, amoral bully, fresh out of the army and Nam, where the war brightened his blood. Some people here and in other reviews just called him an irresponsible hell that was younger brother and Sean tried to do something about what our John Wayne hard lighthouse culture and war do for otherwise good people, but what I saw was an amoral, sadistic mob that enjoys hurting and tearing people away. Then there is Mom and Dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the necessary trip as old-fashioned country couples, so die of her sickness and he by shotgun suicide, to advance the story for us. Both times, Frank is the bad guy away from being a miserable SOB. But good Joe brings him back to Podunksville from prison so Frank can straighten his life by welding bridges and living with his totally stupid, screaming, sweet, pregnant wife. But Joe has a lovely wife who is played by Italian actor Valeria Golina, who is Mexican and Sean uses this as an exercise in a regular anniversary piece by goody Joe and his true soul under his uniform and crew. For me, it was a completely pointless signing action fight that Sean used to burn his hard-lined credit by sucking up on Mexicans because Mexicans are so tough and cool. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad and we get the necessary events like stealing our friend's car, robbing the petrol station by turning the clerk over his head and then firing the car and all the cool stuff that hell raisers do. Then there are the obligatory 8mm movie childhood flashbacks of young Joey suddenly moving the lawn and cowboy dressed Franky jumping on his back and wrestling him and yadda yadda so we all know what deep bond there is between the two. <br /> So the film meanders around with a lot of small town schlock to warm the heart of any red state. The accompanying movie was a fantastic soundtrack of good sixties songs like Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, who were completely inappropriate, except for the 60's era effect, to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst crime is when the movie was inspired by a Springsteen song, "The Highway Patrolman", the song was not included. <br /> <br /> So Joe's brain-dead wife goes to work and Joe runs out to the bar to be loaded and tip some populists, drunk the victim's game about how hard things are, while good Joey is going to pull him back to his wife. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank whigs out for no particular reason and beats his friend Ceasar to death after good Joe, the runner runs. <br /> <br /> So Joe has chased his evil brother down and I hoped he would do the right thing and battle that threatens society. Instead we get a scene where his brother stops in front of him in some old 50's juniors on a lonely road in the evening, and little Franky in his cowboy dress and cap pistols comes out of the car to meet well Joe, the child from 8mm flashback home movie sequence. Oy, such a boy! Then at the top of this drunk sap party, is there any Zen crap about the Indian runner who is a messenger, being the message, ala Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean has done much better than this, so don't be afraid to miss this one.
