If my memory is correct when this movie was released, it came as something of a comedy - a fun look at the adult entertainment industry. If that's what it should be, it doesn't work right. It's just not that fun. If I have no personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which is about the outcomes behind the scenes in a Toronto massage parlor, except to say it - if this is true - life is pretty boring. <br /> <br /> For more than an hour, this movie doesn't provide much of anything other than some background knowledge of the protagonists. Conrad is the newly appointed leader of the massage program, whose basic work apparently is to ensure the girls do not provide "full service" - a euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty is aiming to buy her own living room so she can run her own business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant to Canada working to support her family home and Leah is - well, Leah is a strange, undefined character with a nipple fetish - true - who seems to be in the business because - well because she is in it! I have no idea what her character was about. These three may well reasonably complex characters, precisely representing the motivation for the women involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The movie wobbles and doesn't give much until "twist" reveals Conrad to be the bad guy. We should have gotten to that point before. The only thing that was really interesting here was that part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and revenge drawn against him by the girls. The plan of revenge was pretty good and you are grateful when it comes out, because essentially until then you wonder why you wasted your time with this. In fact, if history has been more focused on revenge, this could have been a pretty funny movie. The performances of the 4 leaders were all OK, though I didn't think anyone was coming across as unique. All four characters were a little shallow. Cindy was a sympathetic character and it was also Conrad for a while, though he turns out to be the bad guy in the movie. Considering the subject, there is surprisingly little nudity (and what is limited to one scene.) In fact, there is even a certain amount of innocence around a lot of this. As for the overall quality of the movie, it is a low budget effort that shows, although you expect some griminess, presumably, of a movie set in connection with a body spray, so it is forgivable. It certainly says something that was released 8 years ago and is still the only credit to author-director Soo Lyu's resumption and - given the normal lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - that it was not even considered worthy of nomination to any Genie Awards - the Canadian version of the Oscar. 4/10 - and I'm so generous with it.
