I caught this stinky bomb of a movie recently on a cable channel and was reminded of how terrible I thought it was in 1980 when it was first released. Many reviewers out there are not old enough to remember the huge hype that referred to this movie and the battle between Stanley Kubrick and Steven King. The hugely popular novel had legions of fans eager to see a supposed "master" director put this multilayer supernatural story on display. "Salem's Lot" had already been destroyed in the late 1970s as a television mini-series, directed by Tobe Hooper (he called "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" fame) and was poorly handled and turned the great villain of the book into A "Chiller Theater" Vampire without any real threat whatsoever destroys the whole premise. Fans hoped that a director of Kubrick's stature would succeed where Hooper had failed. It didn't happen. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie looks and has a great opening order, but after the few results it is all downhill. Jack Nicholson can't be anything but Jack Nicholson. He is always crazy and has nothing to do with his role here. I don't care that many reviewers here think he is everything in this clinker, "Here's Johnny!" a little regardless ... he's just awful in this movie. Then everyone else is for that matter. The Scatman Crothers character, Dick Halloran, was essential for the plot of the book, but Kubrick kills him in one of the lameest "shock" sequences ever put on film. I remember the audience in the theater, I saw this by booing repeatedly over the last 45 minutes of this miserable flick, those who stayed there are ... many left. King's books never translate really well into movies, as so many of the stories appear internally for his characters and often metaphysical. Kubrick tense the tension between the living and the dead in favor of style here, and the resulting root ends so far from the original material that we ultimately do not care about what is happening to whom. <br /> <br /> This movie is still stinking and why so many think it's a horror masterpiece is beyond me.
