WARNING: This review contains SPOILERS. Don't read if you don't want some points that were revealed to you before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> With a cast like this, you wonder if the actors and actors knew exactly what they were getting into. Then they saw the script and said, "Hey, close meetings of the third kind was such a hit that it can't fail." Unfortunately, it does. Did they even think about checking the director's credentials? I mean, would you make a movie with the director of a movie called "Satan's cheerleaders?" 'Greydon Clark, who would later continue to lead the infamous' Final Justice', did so. It makes you wonder how the people of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 could hammer 'Final Justice' and miss out on 'The Return.' The movie is set in a small New Mexico town. A little boy and a girl are in the street unattended one night when a powerful flashlight rays and a spaceship appear and hover over them. In probably the worst special effect sequence of the film, the ship spits on them some kind of red ink. It looked as if Clark had held a cup of water from the camera lens and dipped his delicious pen into it, so immediately treated with cheese. In any case, the ship leaves and the adults do not believe in the children. Otherwise, we see Vincent Schiavelli, which I think is a great actor (see his scenes in "Ghost" for evidence as they are excellent), who plays a prospector, or as I called him, Miner 1949er. He steps out of the cave he is in and he and his dog are inked by the ship. Twenty-five years pass by, and the girl is grown up to be Cybill Shepherd, working with her father, Raymond Burr, to study unusual weather phenomena. Or something like that. Shepherd shows some strange phenomena in satellite images of the little New Mexico city and she travels there to investigate. When she gets there, local ranchers harass her and accuse her of the recent killing of cattle disorders that have been underway and deputy Jan-Michael Vincent comes to his rescue. From that point on, the film really pulls when the two quickly fall apart, especially after Vincent averted the locals and informed Shepherd that he was the little boy who saw the ship with her twenty-five years earlier. As this boring mess arises, Vincent Schiavelli goes with his murderer dog at his side to kill the cattle and any people he enters into with an unusual object. Do you know that the glowing plastic pin shops sell to trick-or-treaters in Halloween, the kind you shake to make them glow? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of these incandescent burners to burn incisions in humans. It's the second best effect in the movie. Every time Schiavelli is on the screen with the filament, the scene's atmosphere suddenly becomes dark, as the filmmakers thought the filament needed that accessory. It ends up making the movie look even cheaper than it is. And what does all this lead to? It's hard to tell when the final, confusing scene comes. Look, Burr and his team of scientists are trying to explain the satellite images that Shepherd found as a kind of "calling card", but none of that makes sense. Why does Shepherd and Vincent stop and Schiavelli doesn't? Schiavelli explains why he kills cattle and people and why he wants Shepherd's death, but even that doesn't make much sense when you really think about it. I mean, why doesn't he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he had 25 years to do it. And aliens will not need him if Shepherd is dead anyway, so why try to kill her? Talking about foreigners, it is never clear what they really wanted out of Shepherd and Vincent. What are their goals? Why are they waiting so long to intervene? How could they be so sure that Shepherd would come back? Not that the answer to any of these and other questions would have made the Return more comfortable. You'll still have bad lines, really bad plays, especially of Shepherd, cheesy effects and poor direction. Fortunately, the stars escaped from this movie. Cybill Shepherd soon went to the star of `Moonlighting 'with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent was highlighted in dozens of B movies, often in over-the-top parts. Raymond Burr made a pile of Perry Mason TV films right up to his death. Vincent Schiavelli continued to be a great character actor in a large number of films. Martin Landau, who played a boiling law enforcement officer, quickly made the amazing 'Alone in the Dark' and the horrible 'The Being' before he rolled into the movies he has been famous for recently. You can bet that none of these stars ever want their careers to return to 'The Return'. Zantara's score: 2 out of 10.
