Kubrick meets king It sounded so promising in the spring of 1980, I remember. Then the movie came out and the cubic cultures have been fighting with the king's cultures ever since. <br /> <br /> The King Cults say Stanley Kubrick took a great horror story and destroyed it. The Kubrick cultists do not curse the king's history. They talk about Steadicams, tracking shots, camera angles. This is a movie they insist: It should be considered on its own. As it happens, both camps are right. Unfortunately. If you look at it as an adaptation of King's novel, "The Shining" is actually a mistake, a wasted opportunity, a series of baffled narrative gambiters. <br /> <br /> I used to blame it on Kubrick's screenwriter. Author Diane Johnson (author of Le Marriage, L'Affaire, Le Divorce, etc.) Has a reputation as a novelist of social manners. Perhaps she was chosen for her subtle understanding of conjugal relationships or family dynamics. But the little blue-necked town of Sidewinder, Colorado does not exist on any map in its frankofile universe. <br /> <br /> Kubrick Anglophile probably found her comfortable, though. He is, of course, the right author. And on his own initiative, his play for "The Shining" - with his mishmash of abnormal psychology, rationalism, supernaturality and implied reincarnation - is just not considered logical analysis. <br /> <br /> I'm willing to consider Kubrick's "Shining" on their own terms. I'm even willing to take it as something other than a conventional horror genre movie. But it does not succeed as a naturalistic study of isolation, alienation and madness either. Analyzed in one way or another, the film falls largely apart. <br /> <br /> Are the horrors of Overlook Hotel real? Or do they exist only in the mind - first as a prescient nightmare a bit of little Danny Torrance, then as his father's hallucinations? One notices how every time Jack Torrance is seen talking to a "ghost", he actually sees a mirror. One notices how the hotel's frozen topiary-hedge maze appears to symbolize Jack's stunted, convoluted psyche. Very deep things. But if Overlook's "ghosts" are merely the expression of Jack Torron's growing insanity, who just lets that captured Jack out of the hotel kitchen's dead-balls walk-in closet so he can go on his climatic ax-wielding rampage? <br /> <br /> And anyone with a straight face can explain the black-and-white photograph (helpfully labeled "1921") by Nicholson as a tuxedup -go that pops out of the left field and on a hotel-ballroom wall under the film final seconds? Should we seriously conclude that Jack Torron's bad Craziness comes from a kind of "past" experience? (And if you swallow it, since when are reincarnated people supposed to be exact physical replicas of their former self?) Kubrick didn't care about his story. Maybe one would just evoke a mood of destiny. Whatever the case, the film tries to uncover its narrative games - to get it both ways, rational and supernatural. As a result, history is a mess. This movie has not improved with age, and certainly does not improve with repeated views. I do not deny that a few moments of fear, claustrophobia and general fragility have spread throughout this long, long film. But the gushing Elevators' Blood, seen repeatedly in small Danny's visions, is absurd and ridiculous. And Jack Torrance's infamous tag lines ("Wendy, I'm at home!" And "Heeeeeere's JOHNNY!") Merely puncture the movie's dramatic excitement and waste its narrative energy. (I know: I sat in the theater and heard the audience laugh in comic relief: "Whew! Glad we don't have to take these things seriously!") Finally, Kubrick is out at sea - otherwise quite cynical - during the scenes where Wendy walks around about the empty hotel while her husband is trying to purify their son. A foyer full of mummified guests, anyone sitting dead in their party hats? Yikes, now I'm really scared. Given Jack Nicholson's luster over the years, one can only assume he just gave that kind of eyelash-rolling, eyebrow-wiggling, scenery-chomping performance that the director wanted. The performance of Shelley Duvall, as a kind of female version of Don Knotts in "The Ghost and Mr. Chicken," is best passed by in silence. <br /> <br /> This movie simply doesn't succeed - not as an adaptation, not on its own terms. It probably deserves a 3 out of 10, but I give it a 1 because it has been so grossly over-rated in this forum.
