When Rodney Dangerfield is on the run, he's fun. In my 5 wives he is not rolling. The single-liners timing is off, but they are the best for the movie. The five women who play the wives do not add up to an entire actress between them. The reason is very weak. Even the assumption is rather weak; There are a few jokes about having more wives, but the situation has little to do with something else in the movie. Most of the movie could play the same way, although Rodney's character only had one wife, so the premise is more like an old man's imagination than an important part of the comedy. Another old man's imagination: we must accept that Rodney's character is an athletic skier. <br /> <br /> Jerry Stiller seems to be calling his role just to make a friend a favor and the rest of the name actors simply have to be desperate for work. The odd knots for political correction later in the film do nothing for the movie. For those who like their movie politically correct, non-PC humor is still there at first, and the apparent excuses for it still do not get points. For those who hate to see a movie cave for political correction, PC additions are just annoying digressions. This should be the mildest R-rated movie I've ever seen. There are some healthy jokes and the bedroom scenes would have made shocking TV 40 years ago, but it's about it. Maybe they were topless men (fun). The DVD contains interviews where the cast members seem to find depth and meaning in this movie and in their roles. I wondered if they were serious or fun. They seem to be serious, but I kept thinking, "They'll be fooling!" There is also a peculiar disclaimer that suggests that since the movie never names the Mormons or the Church of Latter-day Saints, it is somehow not about them. Never mind that the movie has a polygamous religion in Utah and refers to Brigham Young. <br /> In short, My 5 Wives was a disappointment. I was hoping for Rodney to roll, but the best thing to say about the movie is that Rodney looked good for a guy who pushed 80 at the time.
