I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; Many of his Giallo and splatter flicks are among my favorites all the time, but it is made into television movies being extremely sub-par and not what I expected from the great Italian director. The movie is not interesting, like some of Fulci's more tame Giallo's, or like most of his cult classics; which leaves it lacking in both major areas and ultimately ensures that the film is not very good. The film works from a plot that has been used many times before, but it is still an idea that always has the chance to skip an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of the afterlife, which is the ultimate unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; a man who does not like well and after he dies of an apparent abdominal bleeding, there are not many people sad to see him go. That means his ghost is caught somewhere between life and afterlife, and then he decides to try to get to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this endeavor is his daughter. <br /> <br /> The video that I watched this movie is proudly proclaimed that the movie is "in the style of HP Lovecraft" and is one of the most obvious attempts to sell a movie I have ever seen . There is not even the great horror writer in this story, and the reason for this tagline seems to be because of the title's similarity to the Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft movie "From Beyond" - which is much better. The film benefits from a distinct Italian style, and the score is pretty good. Unfortunately, Fulci, however, has liked to cook every scene in it - and the theme quickly becomes annoying. The plot plays out in a really boring way, and most scenes involve just the ghost 'desperately' trying to figure things out, or the daughter puts her suspicions over her family members. This movie was made for Italian television, and it is therefore not surprising that it is pretty much everything. There is a bit of gore and a nightmare sequence of zombies; But this is not the Fulci we all know and love. Overall, this movie is extremely mediocre and not a good representation of Fulci's talents. Not worth the inconvenience unless you are a Fulci completist.
