Now I myself am a lover of the B movie genre, but this piece of waste insults me to no end. First of all, the movie starred in Lizzy McGuire's brother as the annoying little child looking for his lost 3-legged dog. Now, please, what kind of stupid ass fails a three-legged dog for a god damn mutated crocodile, I ask you? And here's another point to think about, why do they show Dinocroc on the back of the movie box to be huge and actually in the water? I think if the memory serves things spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was just shy of 6 feet tall, it was a heart switch. But redeeming qualities for this movie was that it was so bad that I almost died laughing because believing me the bad plays made me want death. But the fact is that this thing is again created by another military test site to educate super-crocodiles for military combat or something like that from the source of all things, evil E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters, let's see we have shake out # 1 like the male lead and halfway decent chick (who doesn't know how to act) as the woman leads me to say WOW! The only thing worse than the play was, of course, the hero's hero uses about what looks like 2 hours talking and planning some long-lasting ways to kill dinocroc just to make it fail and kill it in a common way that could have taken around 15 seconds to come up with. All in all, this movie was beyond gay with its random opera music in the background, and the fact that it was probably the gayest of all CGI monsters ever to be with the fact that it was of course impenetrable to bullets and bombs (otherwise it would not have been made for the military DUH!). By far, the best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother entered the shack, and dinocroc eats him to get rid of a popping noise I can add. I think you would rather shoot yourself between the eyes and then see Dinocroc. And as far as the director is concerned, I think we should get a lot of people to hang him by a nose and all change by kicking him in the crotch to waste an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies and then I continue living.
