"Plan B" is strictly by-number fare except one thing. Surprisingly, I find it somewhat offensive. Jon Cryer is the star of this movie and plays his usual, chic, selfish, witty character that was actually endearing in "Pretty In Pink" and has NOT been entertaining ever since. Grid doesn't even begin to describe his performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blond, fighting actress (gasp!) Only worried about her hair and being laid. Talk about a stock character ... ugh. At least, the other three characters are somewhat engaging. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a grounded, optimistic, caring couple struggling to conceive. Since they are not whiny drama queens, but their roles seem to be boring, and they do not get enough screen time. Sara Mornell rounds the draft by playing Gina, your usual handsome and beautiful young woman, who just can't seem to find the right partner in love. I have seen this character a million times before, but at least her performance overcomes some of the shortcomings caused by the predictability of her situation. What scared me about this movie was its juvenile promotion of stereotypes. They introduced a Russian character for the sole purpose of mocking him and making fun of the way he spoke. He was portrayed as wild, ignorant and incredibly superficial. They were just getting warmed up, but for the usual nonsense of homosexuals. Gina decides to be gay for a while since she has no luck with guys. Frankly speaking. It wasn't that bad unless they really went overboard when Gina brought a lesbian for a Christmas party that friends are throwing. Her lesbian date had very short hair (like I'm sure all lesbians do). She was also completely upset (like I'm sure all lesbians do), as Gina had a nerve to put on lipstick (!). Finally, her date goes around the party, which hits almost every woman there and mouths off when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know how gay people cannot remain faithful in as much as a few hours much less months or even years, right? (Pay attention to the sarcasm of this sentence. Thanks.) <br /> <br /> This movie was based on a tired and predictable premise, but Cryer's unlikely performance coupled with the idiotic stereotyping drops this movie to the lower depths of the cinema. 2.10
