Imagine adapting a James Bond novel to a movie, the filmmakers eliminated all the action and excitement of making it child-friendly. Or if a television producer told Chris Rock, he couldn't cuss so his offer could be rated PG. Similarly, the director of the movie "Something Wicked This Way" took the excitement and the benefit of the melodrama for the younger audience. This created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. In attempting to make the story of "Something evil in this path" easier for children to follow, the filmmakers removed the theme of good and evil, both of which exist in all and the good that always prevails over evil. This is evident in Will's character transformation, Charles Halloway's rescue of Jim and the carnival's defeat. Will's transformation into a more adventurous boy has been subdued in the movie. The scene where the dust witch visits Will's house in a balloon has been cut from the film. Instead, a green mist follows Jim and Will home and gives them the same bad dream of the witch and her spiders. Balloon attacks show us that Will has begun to conquer his fear of doing things alone. He comes on top of the neighbor's roof and tears the balloon with a bow and defeats the witch. "Sorry, Dad, he thought, and sat down and smiled. This time, I'm alone in it," will decide when he prepares for her (147). Removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more adventurous. The film shows us many examples that Will is afraid to follow Jim, but never grows curious as his friend. In the book, Will has both a good, quiet side and a "vicious" bold side like his Jim. In the film, every boy has only one mindset that destroys Bradbury's theme for both good and evil being present in each person. In the book Will will save Jim because of their friendship, but, in the movie, Charles Halloway saves Jim to repay his father's father. Will pull Jim out of the carousel of Bradbury's novel because he doesn't want his best friend to grow up without him. It's good in Will that he cares about his friend who saves Jim from the carnival's evil curse. On the carousel, Jim armed "his other hand free to trace the wind, one part of him, the small, white, separate part that still housed their friendship" (269). This shows that there was good back in Jim, who has the potential to still defeat evil. But when Charles Halloway rescues Jim in the film, he does it to repay the debt he owes to Jim's father who rescued Will when he was a little boy. By changing the motivation to save Jim, filmmakers have destroyed Bradbury's original idea that it is good to win against evil. At the end of the movie, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smile and laughter. When the book ends, Mr. Dark to a little boy, and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him so much he can't stand and evaporate. In Bradbury's world, evil people exercise fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. His message is that good will always prevail over evil, but only if the goodness is expressed externally. "Good for evil seems evil," says Charles Halloway, holding the dying Mr. Dark. "So I will only do you good, Jed. I just want to keep you and see you poison yourself" (275). In the movie, Mr. Dark the only one left on the carousel when lightning strikes it and he dies. By eliminating laughter and smiles, the filmmakers indicate that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil as if lightning strikes only those who are bad. This removes the main theme of Bradbury's book, making it "good" to others averting evil. <br /> <br /> Good can always overcome evil, but trying to make movies more child-friendly will always force filmmakers to leave some of the themes from the books they are based on. In the movie "Will Something Wicked This Way Comes," Will will not transform, Will's friendship will not save Jim, and smile and laughter will not defeat the carnival. As a result, filmmakers have abandoned many of Brady's main points. The process of adapting a book to a movie often destroys the world the author has established. In this case, Bradbury's scary world of conflicting forces of good and evil has been reduced to a tamer, simpler version of himself.
