Before I begin, you know I'm a big fan of many of Sonny Chiba's films. His biographical series of his master Mas Oyama was amazing and among the best martial arts films ever made, like most of his Street Fighter films. The action was practically non-stop and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask) he was the greatest martial arts practitioner in the movie during the 1970s. Because they are so good, I've seen at least 15 of his movies and recently bought some more (which I am seeing). Unfortunately, despite my love for these movies, I'm NOT a mind-numbed zombie who worships the man to such an extent that I rate each movie a 10. There are a few reviews like this here on IMDb and I really believe that Anyone who gives this movie a 10 should be ignored because this is such a bad movie from a technical point of view and is not even close to being Chiba's best work. A score of 10 is not a real rating - it's some zombie fans trying to make a statement about Chiba, not this movie! As I said, this movie is technically horrible. Some of this was the result of seeing the American dubbed version with its irrelevant prologue and bad dubbing. But most of the problem will still exist with the original Japanese print. The camera work is simply awful - just as it was done by chimpanzees (smart chimpanzees but still chimpanzees). Often, much of the fast martial arts action is lacking because the camera is so slow or the top of the actors' heads are cut off due to the sharpness of the product. And again and again the camera throws in and out as if it is a new toy used by an idiot, and editing is beyond miserable - with cuts being random and confusing. <br /> <br /> I don't know if musical scores are original or not - but it was also very, very bad. A kind of siren rock from 1970 blended poorly with Ennio Morricon's "Spaghetti Western" music - it was annoying, distracting and simply stupid. <br /> <br /> As for martial arts, I think having chimpanzees would make the choreography have improved things a bit. Instead of the big battle scenes you look forward to in a Chiba movie, the games are short and often missed by the camera !! So what you are left with is the story ... and this could just be the worst part of the movie! It should be an anti-drug movie with Sonny Chiba as .... Sonny Chiba! And when the film begins, he promises to destroy drug trafficking in Japan. But, the Mafia (complete with not a single member who sees Italian, but who is all Japanese) promises to stop Chiba. And when a woman comes to Chiba with promises to give him information on how to destroy drug trafficking, he agrees to help her and risk her life without conditions - even if she is never fair to tell him what she knows! In fact, later it turns out she is just trying to use Chiba to protect her while selling herself a suitcase full of cocaine - and he is still trying to protect her !! It makes no sense whatsoever and everywhere in the film it looks as if they have just shot the film without a script - like when they entered the rods and brothels and had Chiba walk around as if he were full. <Br /> <br /> So if it was so bad, why still deserve a 3? Yes, firstly, there are many more terrible marital art films (like many of them from Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one with the guys dressed in gorilla suits that made kung fu and their handle with 3 foot long tongues they used to fighting (now it's bad). Second, while the action is very poor compared to other Sonny Chiba films, compared to its contemporaries, it's not that bad. Still, you can easily do much better than this horrible little movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you're wondering if this is the worst Sonny Chiba movie, it's definitely not! In one of his first films, INVASION OF THE NEPTUNE MEN, Chiba plays a leotard-wearing superhero fighting with spiky attackers from the planet Neptune. It is so bad that it competes with PLAN 9 from Outer SPACE and DE SAVED HITLER'S BRAIN for horror. A final note to parents - Like most of Sonny Chiba's films, this is very violent and has its share of boobies. Don't let young children see this no matter how much they pray! Let them wait until they are older before getting them to see miserable R-martial arts movies!
