The best thing to say about this movie is that if you are a fan of Sonny Chiba, this movie gives you lots of him. Chiba speaks Chiba poses; Chiba nicely; Chiba glares on the camera; Chiba kicks and kicks the live sushi out of a whole bunch of bad guys; Chiba sits on sofas and chairs and looks thoughtful Chiba drives her car ... I enjoy Chiba as an actor and martial artist ... but even for a Chiba fan, this movie may have a little too much Sonny Chiba. Of course, it is something of a vanity vehicle for him. And no, I would not put "Street Fighter" in the same category, because in "SF" he plays a ruthless, amoral anti-hero, and he shares the camera with an exciting throw of friends and enemies. Here he is in front and middle almost all the time, and he tries to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee rolled into one. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat couldn't pull this out for the length of a full feature film, and Sonny just kind of worn out his welcome. At least he could have changed his dress once in a while. <br /> <br /> The movie was further ruined by a totally free and poorly made introductory sequence (apparently dressed in the front of the movie for American version) and a foggy cheer "(" Viva !! Chiba !! Viva !! Chiba !! ) starting things on the wrong foot. There is some amazing amateurish and inappropriate copying - Sonny (or his usual English stand-in) apparently could not be disturbed by making the vocals the American version, so they got a bad dope with a completely different and smoother voice and dialect that's totally Annoying comes from the face, we all know and love from "Street Fighter". <br /> <br /> Even with all these errors and overexposure, this may still be a minor classic, but the camera works and the battle scenes are hopelessly cheesy. I am willing to believe that Karate actually works if someone who is as amazing as Chiba's character does, but the director and the cameraman uncovered their bets by cutting and editing battle scenes with a weed knife so you can't really see what's going on is most of the time. It's not all bad: there are some decent shots and compositions, and there is at least one memorable and nightmare moment when the evil ones look in the client's bedroom in a truly inventive way. <br /> <br /> And as for the plot itself ... forget it. For a "bodyguard", Chiba's character is something of an idiot. The play depends on his mistakes and surveys, which repeatedly place him (and his "client") in dangerous situations so that he can fight their way out, and after 30 minutes it even comes the most credible judgment to believe that this guy must be something good. (Even if his character was really out to destroy the Japanese drug trade, he would have taken his client by her throat for 10 minutes in the manuscript and shook her until her teeth talked like a castanet until she spilled her little secrets ... and a lot of pointless death and conflict would have been avoided.) <br /> <br /> As a whole, this movie is far from the bottom of the barrel. It's still Sonny Chiba and he's still fun to see. I paid a buck to get this out of the bargain DVD rack on a local mega mart and I feel it was worth seeing once.
