This is easily one of the worst martial arts movies I have ever seen, and it says something. The song of Viva Chiba, viva Chiba is heard by the title, soon you will chanting to yourself stupid, stupid. The basic story is that the mafia runs drugs in Japan and a man's vowels to stop them, of course it is our husband Sonny Chiba. The Karate champion offers his service to anyone who can provide information about the drug addicts. A woman comes up and he becomes the bodyguard, but what is her true intention? Let me say at this point who cares? Soon we will be treated to or tortured by a number of badly choreographed fights and a lame story that is becoming increasingly ridiculous in every moment. Sonny eventually wipes the evil with karate skills, the end of the story. Oh yes the woman was also corrupt. Congratulations that you may have just seen the funniest movie ever. <br /> <br /> As mentioned, this is one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen. What makes it semi-watchable is to see how bad a movie can be. Some have already mentioned the infamous American intro put into the movie. It's probably the most entertaining part of the movie, and it's beyond fun. I agree it is worth seeing just to see how the paralyzed 70-karate scene was at that time. See, when Aaron Banks leaves a guy hanging on his nuts and then overthrows a fat student (bad editing) who sticks him to his throat. But everything is badly done in this movie. Terrible incredible battles, fake I mean false blood, bad acting, dubbing, wardrobe, and let's not forget the story. A man taking out a whole drug problem in a country? I bet. Fighting for combat is ridiculous. This was the 70s when people still believed karate was effective in a fight, but Chiba brings it to new levels with some of the nonsense that is put into this movie. Let's see, he kicks a gun in half, kicks a guy so hard, what looks like his dentures falls out and of course, choping the bottle stage, give me a break. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to tell what is happening in the fighting because it is so badly recorded. A part that was fun was when he broke the brothers arm through the door, which gave him a complex break. OKAY. As the action takes place, we are treated with blood balls, really false blood. To put it so badly done and understatement. The action is completely non-existent in this movie. I don't expect much of a movie of this caliber anyway, as long as the action is good, but it wasn't and as expected the dubbing is extremely poor. Was it my fantasy or did they dub the Asian go dancer with a black accent? As expected from a 70's wardrobe, you will be stitching, laughing at some of the tendencies and ugly women presented for the free nudity that comes with these flicks. Also why would the mafia be so overt and everything where black grave coats and hats all the time? Don't try to hide it now. The signs were also stupid. The pimp club owner, one of whom is decorated in a Japanese pimp suit and the other has a taste for drilling, resembles the head as fat hippie. One last thing that bothered me throughout the film was also the horrible music with some whales. It was very annoying. All in all, this is a horrible movie of both martial arts standards and good filmmaking. It doesn't mean it's not entertaining. With a movie made so bad it is hard not to laugh through most of this movie if you can stomach it. This was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it was clean bad, I would give a star, but it laughs it delivers, bump it up. 4 out of 10
