Lil Bush is a 30 minute cartoon show consisting of 2 15 minute episodes featured on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictional, cartoon-like Washington D.C. and center around the satirical, childish representations of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way and act as minor figures. <br /> <br /> The pilot of Little Bush, much to the expectations of this commentator, turned out to be a rather low and esoteric production that barely delivers on its prominent promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. Although one has to admit that the premise of the show has some profit, although it would be difficult to imagine a show based on the fact that almost the entire waste of a single political person would survive to continue to produce episodes after his the term of office had expired, execution which can only be described as sloppy at best, and even terribly at worst, has destroyed what little potential the show had. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, which may be technically classified as "satire", tends to disregard its actual use of the special comedy tool to paralyze its goals in exceptionally vulgar (but not very original, entertaining or funny ways. The view is consistently weak writing often consists of a little more than recording Bush / Cheney jokes heard elsewhere ad nauseam and placing them all in a single 30 minute block of television. As such, most of the jokes presented by the authors were shameless clichés, some of which have already been in the public for more than 6 years. Comparison of the Vice President of Darth Vader, for example, may have been fun in the first 300 times you heard it on the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno Monologue / a late night talk show - but It's not fun here. As if that were not enough, the notion seems to exist as a means of promoting the same old, tiring Bush jokes that the authors have centered on the program. <br /> <br /> In the show's defense, when the authors dare to write in a genuine original joke (which seems to be a rarity), it's often somewhat humorous. If the show was to expand its depth somewhat and place its characters in new situations, exotic situations, rather than the same old mistakes and "quagmires" that were persecuted by the Bush administration, and therefore should not rely on the same old Bush jokes over and again, the show can be considered something tolerable and possibly even innovative. Ultimately, it is difficult to determine which deficiency causes the most damaged Lil Bush series; its clear lack of originality and weak writing quality, or its painfully narrow minded ambitions. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush will be able to maintain a small base of left-wing fans, that is, if they are able to endure the exceptionally bad writing; As long as the program continues to lampoon the Bush administration thoroughly. Nevertheless, the majority of viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is, a weak and meaningless vulgar attempt at satire and reconciliation to seek something more intellectually stimulating; The price is right, maybe.
