Carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point where it's fun. How much I try to convince myself, I just can't believe anyone in this world could find this entertaining for serious reasons. I mean, come on, even if coverage is bad! OK, the special effects are quite ridiculous. These "Carnosaurs" are really ridiculous. A scientist tells the soldiers that they are moving incredibly fast, but when you see them running, they run into the speed of ... an actor in a rubber boot trying to run as much as possible. And the explosions are fun (there is no other word to describe it). In the beginning, a bullet hits a Jeep after a guy says "What was it?" ... And the other explosions are also ridiculous. But the worst is the manuscript and the so-called story. You don't expect a good story (or I don't think anyone rents this movie expecting a good movie), but at least history should try to make sense. I mean how hard is it to make a story about dinosaurs that kills people at least coherently. Incredibly hard if you look at this. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make credible commands like your characters, tell the authors of this horrible, horrible piece of shit. I mean, what sick person would make cheap jokes when one of his friends is dead? And they do a lot of it. And if you think a movie about dinosaurs killing soldiers can only be least action-packed, wakes up !!! This movie is incredibly boring. The Carnosaurs (who invented this lame name anyway?) Attacks (in boring action sequences where you don't see much happening). The soldiers think about how to beat them (in incredibly fun scenes where they try really hard to be serious, but can't seem to convince even in a second). Then they attack the carnosaurs, but their idea doesn't work (another ridiculous act). Back to the planning (with a few lame jokes thrown in) in another ridiculous scene. And it goes on and on and on. And let's not forget the play that is as convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh OK, this movie just sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
