OK, I had higher hopes for this Carnosaur movie, simply because it looked as if the successors were getting better when they came out. I liked Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I figured that one is newer, so it must be better right? Well ... I quickly learned that I was wrong. I was very confused with the casting. They brought Rick Dean back to another spotlight character and Michael MacDonald as police officer. Now for Rick Dean lol, in Carnosaur 2, I thought he suited the role quite well and was not really annoyed by him, now in Carnosaur 3 wow they placed him as an elite soldier. Now we are stupid here. The movie started off pretty well with a decent gun fight and dinos flew out of the little freezer trailer, but as soon as Scott Valentines team appeared, we had a mix of romantic comedy with very fun performances from retarded and floppy dinosaurs. <I start with the birds of prey first, they had tails draw the ground, as in the other they were up in the air that looked more like a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 mph. Now that they were running, they waved back and forth and the head didn't move at all. there were hands flopped everywhere and when they were extremely poorly shot by the director, they looked stupid and out of place. <br /> <br /> T-rex was extremely pathetic, they would have been better off using one from the previous 2 movies. At least one looked a little scary. The one in this movie looked like it was smiling all the time. The legs, when it went, were fun, just as it was John Wayne in the old west all stiff legs and things. LOL another thing I noticed is that the hands are not moving, they got stuck next to their body so it looked and sounded (God sound effects were terrible) retarded !!! Now if I was a director and realized that I had this to work with, I might be trying a little harder to hide the fact. As for the rest of the film, this was the hardest and highest military team I have ever seen. The weapons they used would not make sense to the scenario. They even had an arm wrestling scene inside the store where the carnosaurs roaming, now I was tickled on this scene, because I thought that while this stupidity was going on, Dinos would come in and cause harm. Instead, the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to watch this movie as the 3 stooges of dinosaur movies. You have retarded military, retarded dinosaurs, retarded scenario, and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend your day watching it here. <br /> <br /> Now I do not say that I would not see this, bc I really do recommend everyone to watch this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem like I'm ranting, but I'm really hyping this movie up to what it is. It's really fun to see, because while you see this, you think, "did the director really do this?"
