I really fail to see the actual excess value of this movie. It's not bad enough to be fun. There is no sleaze or gratuitous nudity (though there were plenty of options). There are none. There is no excitement in the film's first hour, because there are many scenes of tourists who have a party and natives playing funky tribal music. The last part was actually fun on many occasions: You see these natives hitting congas and 'jembés', and that's actually what you hear (poorly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bass line to the soundtrack. So where was the bass player? At some point, natives get angry and start killing tourists. Why all of a sudden? This is due to the fact that the evil white men build this tourist complex, which, according to their myth, awakened the fury of the river god (I actually missed the explanation for it). But the natives help for months building the tourist complex, so why the sudden regret? And how in hell did they succeed in pushing the helicopter into the water ??? It's all stupid and pointless. This movie also features the shining African American model I've ever seen. At one point, our heroic leading couple visit this cave where a strange, crazy old man lives. The only point on that scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the killer crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what is the difference? It's big, it's made of plastic and it eats people. The same for me. The alligator is a pretty stupid closet. It is very stiff and motionless and does not even strike its feet when swimming. The eyes do not even move when they are shot in close-up. I suppose they have not known 'animatronics' since then in Italy in 1979. There are also many pointless snapshots of the local wildlife. I suspect there are stock footage. As I said, the first hour was pretty dull, and the only reason I didn't turn off the movie was because my cat slept in my lap, and I didn't want to wake up the sweet thing But the last half hour of the movie was getting better . We'll finally see something when the alligator swims through a horde of panic people who snatch their teeth and mumble at them. The most entertaining (and at the same time fun) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a van over a bridge and it collapses. We are looking at a matchbox version of the habit that falls into the river here. Fun. But nicely shot. In fact, there are several other cozy travel camera movements. Surprising for this type of flick. I was going to point out some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I don't want to spoil it completely if you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see a decent alligator movie, watch Lewis Teague's ALLIGATOR. I admit that one is not Italian and is not a JAWS rip-off, but it is definitely more fun. And if you are interested in other films made by director Sergio Martino, I highly recommend the very entertaining 2019: AFTER NEWS CASE. It is an over-the-top rip-off of all possible post-apocalyptic-future-of-doom movies. "Italians" and "rip-offs", two words that go together very well.
