Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the finest underrated US players of our time and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a policeman on the case of a child's serial killer. Most movies Hopper has always been playing for psychotic threats that threaten to explode or kill, but in this movie, Hopper tried his best to keep this intensity and emotion while wearing a shield. When I got into the movie, I was connected, but it's just the little things that eventually murdered the movie. <br /> <br /> The film's concept is amazing - not only is the police on the move catching the killer, but we get a chance to see how the gangsters are catching the killer. The football stadium's subplot is a bit ridiculous, but necessary to involve mobsters in the killers. <br /> <br /> It's all about what's good you can say about the movie. Although Hopper tried to act as a tough, experienced street smart politician, I can't help but feel that his action was under par and there wasn't enough conviction that he was really attached to the case. The management was also horrible - it didn't have the feel of a real movie, but rather a television movie production. This is most obvious when the gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite team to chase the killer. When the leading gangster shoots the other brave gangster in slow motion, the play was weak, predictable and terribly unexciting. That was when I knew that, first of all, the action would be terrible. <br /> <br /> The camera's fish was amateurish, and the recall scenes or scary pictures of the murdered little sister had no true distinctive effect. If it were scary, it wasn't. All acted were horrible, and even for Hopper, I did not feel for his character, and I was just as concerned about his relationship with his daughter. The last thing that bothered me most is the swat team. When I saw the team in action, I finally thought of something good. But I was wrong. First, the entire swat team consisted of 4 guys. It's just impossible. Secondly, apparently, the swat team has no training because many times in the movie they carry their HKA4 machine weapons with one hand. Had the killer hidden near the stairs with a shotgun, these 4 idiots would have been blown to pieces because they were not even directed at anything or attentively. They should have had both hands on the gun for the purpose of going forward, but it just looks like they are not taking the job seriously and just flaunting around. 3. SWAT team members do not shout commands like "Keep an eye open, watch out for yourself, are we good at walking ... etc" In fact, they use hand signals or have radios. But they are literally screaming at each other - how do you catch the killer when he can hear you're coming? And to top it all, these guys have no plans - apparently they just go up and down on a wild turkey hunt. Eventually they do not end with anything. It was the last straw. I am no expert on special forces, but basically it is just as well sensible what I have just outlined. When the audience knows that the movie is horrible, the action is largely the movie's lifesaver - when you can't even make an effort to make the action big, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give 2 stars to the concept, but the rest cannot be credited. If you want to see a criminal thriller, don't bother with this one. There is a lot of crime in the movie - but it has a lack of excitement.
