Antitrust falls right into the category of movies that strive to do something good while they are uplifting, but fall flat. I don't hate the movie, but it lacks key elements like excitement. There have been other attempts to make an engaging movie about computers such as Hackers and The Net. They all fall. The unlikely end of both Net and Antirust seems to be almost identical. These movie changes are suffering from a big mistake in the perception: People in the PC store who have this abandoned self-ego, assuming the general population, living life, waiting to hear the latest news on PCs and software. I have worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own self-meaning, just like the movie. <br /> <br /> The way the introduced plot lines were pathetic. Showing Milo, which is fatally allergic to sesame seeds, almost occupies one from a restaurant box that is crossed by stupidity. Only his "boyfriend" prevented him from safe death. This makes you wonder how Milo could have survived as long as he did, anchoring the dangers of Big Mac buns and Sesame Seed breadsticks as they dress themselves as well .... Sesame bread loafers and Big Mac buns. <br /> Antitrust also doesn't give much excitement. The patterned and predictable plots can easily figure out long before they are revealed (come back, was it pretty stunned when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Which destroyed any real shock value. And here again we have another movie / story, in which ultimately the evil guys are chasing the good guys to "get the disk". We must have a moratorium on this Simple Simon plot line for about 20 years. I kept pushing. Perhaps the end would be the payout, but no. The completely ridiculous end where we have the head of business security, another presumably evil guy, is turned around and becomes the good guy that allows Milo to bring down N.U.R.V CEO Gary Winston was ridiculous. And of course, the news coverage of the arrest of Gary Winston is more fever than when Hinckley or Oswald were brought. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cutout of the same character, the Robbins game at Arlington Road. But it fits perfectly here in Antitrust, which is called 'Anticlimactic' or 'Anti-Original'. <br /> <br /> In the coming years, this movie is likely to be banished to appear only on your local third rate UHF channel.
