When I sat down to watch this movie, I actually expected a bit, because the plot is quite complex. The use of football as the launch pad for the complication was also an interesting approach. Yet, despite its valor, it is unfortunately a matter of controversial issues such as cultural collapse between Muslim and Western culture, the addition of general conflicts and prejudices against gays / lesbians; in the whole movie. This leads me to the impression that the decision makers took a little too much of a task for themselves to tackle and tried to be more profound when they managed to handle. <br /> <br /> However, this does not mean that movies are directly bad, as it is the reproduction of the conflicts, where it is completely credible and also fun. The film succeeds in being engaging and entertaining in this case, but as mentioned above, the authors seem to have spun a little too deeply. This has led to some rather unrealistic sign behavior towards the end confronting the violent conflicts. At this point, the ball loses at a time when decision makers could really have glimpsed the film to another level of appreciation. <br /> <br /> Even if the movie doesn't really try to be an in-depth drama at all, the setting has so much potential in the plot that will be a disappointment when "the ball falls". In this way, the film moves from being a good and reflected comedy to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy ending. Nothing is left in Hollywood that ends. So even if the story is engaging, and you can saturate the large amount of assembly, you cannot help rolling your eyes towards the resolution. Personally, I was close to shouting "finished already !!" on screen. <br /> <br /> There were some decent acts in the movie and the two young female key figures had some good moments. The same did their parents and other bi-characters. But the beautiful Irish coach was an embarrassing piece of acting that let the movie fall into realism. He did not even seem very sympathetic, but even involved, despite his good deeds, making the impending conflict between the girls a little tense. <br /> <br /> I give the movie a 4 as it was an engaging story and they were looking for a good perspective to approach the topic. The script and cast had many good credible characters, giving the audience a chance to recognize themselves or others. Had the crashes not been this disappointing, I would easily give the movie a 7 or 8. If you liked this movie, I would recommend the movie "East is East" which I think is so good, if not better reproduction of cultural conflicts, as well. to be entertaining and engaging.
