I watched the trailer for this movie a few months before the release, and MAN saw it scary, especially how this movie was based on a reality phenomenon. I was incredibly interested and thought that this could finally be a decent horror / thriller movie after years of crap. Now you know how movie trailers make a movie look better than it is: perhaps showing all the creepy parts or by over-dramatizing some elements. The ads for the movie both made, leading to my ultimate disappointment. <br /> <br /> By no means is this "the most disturbing movie this year". Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing movie in that week's release. This movie takes the whole "based on actual" things too far. <br /> <br /> This movie was not a complete crap. I must admit it was my interest, and Micheal Keaton was credible as a man seeking supernatural answers. Except for that, the film is a great cliché. After John's wife dies, he learns about EVP which transmits the dead voices to regular electronic devices. He suddenly gets messages from his wife! My God! It's not just his wife who reaches him, it's other dead people. Give it, imagine it. A film about helping dead people. Come on, give me a break! The clichés do not stop there. There is also the mandatory time-on-the-same-exact-time-every-night trick and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. Not only was the movie cliché, it was not scary. The film literally had two jump scenes and the two scenes are almost identical. The end is horrible as it leaves the door WIDE OPEN for a successor. There is also a final message with a message saying that only 1 out of X voices heard through EVP threatens a good happy tune. Way to break the mood, you. Jeez! In the end, if you want another forgettable horror movie, see White Noise. The only reason I could think someone would look at this movie is that either the person is a Keaton fan or that they are interested in the EPP. Sure the EVP aspects might be a bit interesting, but I don't like my movie concepts being pushed down my throat and blown up my face. This movie is trying to be frightening, original and disruptive, but it's just the opposite. You know you have a lame movie when the advertisements use the ghosts to talk about that movie. "I don't want to watch this movie any more."
