John Rivers' life as an architect and family has taken the worst turn when his wife has disappeared and has been terminated after a freakish accident involving changing a tire on his car. During the days she has been out, he confronts a man who has followed, and he tells him that he has been in contact with his dead wife from the other side through E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Of course he does not believe it, but then they hear strange phone calls from his phone and then he contacts the man to find out more about E.V.P. Soon, John is hung on it, but something supernatural doesn't like him to interfere with the dead, as other than contacting his wife, the white noise predicts events before they happen. Since this DVD has been sitting on my shelf for a while now, I thought I'd better come around to see it as it wasn't my copy. But then again I do not think the owners were busy getting it back, since they did not question me. Oh good. So I decided to give it a game when I was in an exhilarating mood. After hearing and reading all the bad press on it, I didn't expect anything externally good, but I was kept entertained for 90 minutes. The more than the 60 minutes that the last half hour was largely a blur of confusion. The movie is not as good as it could have been, but the time was breezed by fast enough, although it is a rather lukewarm supernatural thriller. I thought it wasn't a waste. The first hour I found some effective sequences quite interesting, and there is an eerie awe that is generated with a slow progression of subtle silence and tragedy that pursues you, but unfortunately it comes to a crash in the movie later. It is when the predictably forced bouncers come into their own and somehow just don't fit into the context. It gets pretty hectic, loud and very confused with its MTV style editing and kinetic camera work that comes close to the action. I could not understand what was happening in the crooked and sudden climax. The whole explanation of how everything fits into the larger picture is pure hokey. It is a very unsatisfactory conclusion because it goes to something big, but hits the bottom of the bottom. I thought they did a good job until the time of light and flashy camera work. Other than the extremely strong lighting, the score kept this flick atmospheric gloomy. It's all very beautifully done with its glossy and fancy hardware, making it across as very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the movie's heart is in the technical components and not in expanding characters and history. There is just no connection and lasting mood within this flimsy material. After a while, it just tries too hard to convince you that it falls into manipulative tensions and popping into many blood-crumbling things from beyond the grave. It just got something repetitive to see someone see a fuzzy TV screen over time. E.V.P machine was the star of the show. Well, it had more influence than the slim performance. Michael Keaton is more than an accomplished actor, but at last he disappeared from the card, and here he gives a modest performance as the dangerously occupied John Rivers. He really deserves much better. Everyone else is pretty crazy and forgettable. Not because of the performances, but lack of depth in their characters. This clunker was not bad at first, but it goes pearly by falling drastically. <br /> <br /> I wouldn't mind watching it again and I wouldn't recommend anyone unless you got an interest in the subject and enjoy the recent Hollywood crop of horror / thrillers produced. It's just a shame that this overproduced flick couldn't put it together successfully, as it had promised in its idea and a more than decent throw at hand. I didn't hate it, but what a disappointment.
