Definitely one of the worst movies of the year. The reason is ridiculous, the signs are poorly developed, and the premise is annoyingly stupid. It all begins when Michael Keaton, terribly not doing anything remarkable since Batman, loses his beautiful writer wife Anna for a car accident, possibly caused by her driving a convertible VW bug, even though she should be rich. In his grief, Batman moves to a new apartment and takes a hobby: captures nothing and then sees it. He learned this from a really fat pathetic guy who was murdered by three tall shady friends who lived in his TV. Almost soon he begins to see dead people, thanks to EVP or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, which apparently is this deal where dead people can send messages to live people through tape recorders, camcorders, dead cell phones ("Anna cell phone calls?" She is ... DEAD! ... Must be ghosts. Mhmmm. No other possible explanation. I'd rather start crushing with this insignificantly. ") Etc. Why can't they just write something down on a piece of paper or knock over some things to Finally, Batman discovers that he actually sees the future, and he decides to help this woman he doesn't know, coming out of his house all the time because the tall dark guys come in straight. after he leaves ("D * mn it! Can travel between living and dead using electronics, but I get dmned if we can be in time! Do I have real guys? (They nod in confused agreement)."). He tracks this lady to a store and find out that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie (look hard or you will miss him!) is actually a serial killer working for three long shady demons, as in the Raiders of the Lost Ark style shuts down and kills him, similar to the drawings they are. At that moment some detectives and rescuers are shown. After Batman's funeral, he decides to send a message from beyond the grave and apologize for his son to be an idiot who obviously feels that the best way to protect his child from the EVP's horror is to expose him to it. The little child just smiles. No phases that fire, not even when his father, Batman, of course, starts talking to television. The highlight of the movie was when a person's phone rang and a guy shouted, "It's Anna!"
