Casting bone to choose: David Jannsen was 38 plays Robert Driva's father, who was then 31 (yes, I realize he should be out of college, but traces in the script have him being a loafer and then he is probably 24 -25 in the script --- which still puts Jannsen in parenting classes in Junior High). I suppose AMA wrote medical miracle in their 1938 medicine. This movie has not lived really well, and now the biggest appeal is just to see a snapshot of Sin City around 1969 and all the incessant smoking, the weird hair (Drivas has a nuclear crest over what makes him look like a well - groomed hip Cousin It) and trendy fashion that came with it. If anyone remembers, LV wasn't exactly London ... the city coddled mob and codger players these days. Drives come out as sexually ambiguous; his father thinks he might be gay (in a sad irony, he even runs the aids at 47), and the soap conflict is from the generation gap problem (ahem, as if you could call 7 years a hole). Sonny Boy wants to be his own husband, and Dad will pull him into the casino (Caesar's Palace!), And make him with girls (including Edy Williams). Interestingly, the son does not seem to be gay --- unusual at the moment, and a sweet Brenda Vaccarro is nearby to swim platonic over him. Which nudity is, is terrible lame --- just what was needed to pull the audience in for an "R" rating in the early days of the MPAA rating system (which was then G-M-R [16] and X). The editing is HORRIBLE, and there are stupid silly overbeats of the committee (a late 60-year-old neo-avant-garde comedy troupe who fervently faded by the card within a few years). Don Rickles is aboard as a blackjack dealer ... apparently preparing him for a role as a floor leader in the much better CASINO two decades later. Not giving anything away, but they would have treated Mr. Rickles' character with power tools and a hole in the desert then. A curiosity at best far from Joshua Logan's usual caliber of work. Dos / Dias. Go now and see CASINO again ...
