This movie is very scary. Unfortunately, not the reasons the filmmakers would hope. <br /> <br /> There's also a mastermind serial killer, but it's not scary either. He is just your standard cartoon villain, a cross between Hannibal Lecter and Freddie Kruger, but with nothing special to add to. Incidentally, can they even struggle in a stress position on their feet, stretching their arms 24 hours a day for the most criminal and most reprehensible of criminals? I assume that in the world that gave us Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay, everything is possible. <br /> <br /> No, what's really scary about this movie is the central character, Danny. This unappealing young man helped and claimed it is true of some ridiculously lax security schemes and a doctor completely careless of any concept of professional ethics or patient confidentiality, wandering into the hospital space obsessed with what can only be described as a very vulnerable and defenseless young woman and because of nothing at all (her chronic sleep precludes being able to give something as informed consent) imagines having something special about her. It seems that within a few days he has arrogated for himself the right to abduct her and believe (quite mistakenly as we discover) that he can better take care of her than anyone else and within minutes to get her back On her own, she is sexually violent to her even though she is again because of her sleepiness) totally unable to accept or resist. <br /> <br /> Our suspicions of why he would feel this connection are pretty soon confirmed. He is, of course, more or less incapable of forming mature adult friendships, let alone sexual relationships, so instead it falls back on this mostly infantilized woman, who because of her fixed sleeper has a mental age corresponding to a lifetime experience of few years. The scene where she discovers ice cream is especially cringe-making, and the coyly-knowing look she gives him when he gloatingly says he'll have to clean her up again causes a particular shake of horror. But again, I'm afraid, not the shock of horror that the filmmakers had hoped for, but a much more straightforward spasm of disgust. We can all see clearly what is at the end of our forks here - it is the perfect dream of the pedophile of innocence, sexual compliance and complete dependence. Terrible, horrible, horrible. <br /> <br /> What's more in this mish mash? Twisted dreamscapes are not quite as good as del Toro. The obligatory "You must go to the police" argument, where the protagonist always has a reason not to do so, even if it is the only sensible course of action. The order of the machine, very praised in the comments here, but completely and completely meaningless ("It serves no function!" As Sigourney Weaver memorably protested in Galaxy Quest) and looked at me like the fraudulent Doctor Phibes rehashed in one of the case derivatives. <br /> <br /> Jeffrey Combs does his best though, so a star for it and a few more because you have to keep lower rankings for movies that are even worse than this, and generally it is well shot and competently done .
