New York, I love you, or rather, the title of Manhattan, I love to look at your people in sometimes love, is a precise example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation. Put in point, look at two of the segments in the movie, one where Ethan Hawke lights a cigarette for a woman on a street and continues to chat her up with unpleasant sexy talk and another with Orlando Bloom trying to score a movie with an incredible demand from his director to read two Dostoyevsky books. While the latter is not a great story at any stretch, it is at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, which the composer tries to score, gets Dostoyevky dumped in his lap and eventually gets some help (and maybe something more) from a girl he has spoken to as a connection between him and the director. The Ethan Hawke scene, however, is like nothing, and feels like the one that a fly added or controlled by a filmmaker who called it (or, for that matter, Hawke with a combination of pre-sunrise and reality bites). /> <br /> What is irksome about the movie in general is to see the few stories that work really well, go up against the two or two possible "stories" and then the rest of the situations unfolding there are made to connect or overlap (ie bits involved Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It's not even so much that the movie - virtually always in * Manhattan * and not New York of Queens or Staten Island or the Bronx (not even Harlem or Washington Heights) - lacks a great diversity, as there are some. It is the lack of imagination that you found in spades, better or worse, in Paris J'taime. It has mostly to do with New York, with the exception of passing references, and at worst (Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf segment) it is incomprehensible at a level that is terrible. <br /> <br /> So, pretty much, wait for TV and do your best to dip in and out of the movie - in, that is, for three scenes: the aforementioned Bloom / Christina Ricci segment, which is charming ; Brett Ratner directed segment (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very funny story of a teenager taking a girl in a wheelchair to walk, only to come on a big big twist; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a sweet, rather old couple, joining in Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can be missed, even Natalie Portman's direct debut, and a Hughes brother's return (just one, Allan) to the screen. A mixed bag puts it lightly: It's like having to search through a bag of mixed nuts full of crappy peanuts to find the few almonds left.
