Ugly shot, bad script and amateur paced sequel to Joe Dante's 1981 classic. "The Howling" is one of the two or three good wolf films ever made, yet it was "rewarded" by a series of unpleasant and inevitable successors like this one. If there is any consolation, "Stirba" is only a successor in name and there is absolutely no connection with the characters or events introduced in Dante's film. The reason here is about a bloodthirsty cult of transylvanic werewolves ?? primarily female ones ?? led by Stirba. Stirba is played by Sybil Danning, who transforms from a curly old lady into a blond superbabe (with impressive breast) in the eye of the eye and becomes all her hair when it is sexually raised. Her peacock is played by an apparent fatigue Christopher Lee. His character ?? Stefan Crosscoe ?? is an occult investigator traveling to Stirba's kingdom, accompanied by an American couple who lost their friend to the werewolf cult. If you're just looking for dirty gore and free nakedness ... this is your movie. Even the smallest killing is shown in great detail and we are even treated to exploding eyebrows and the crooked image of a dwarf pierced on a pointed fence. But if you want a little substance or a depth, you will be very disappointed. The dialogues are embarrassing and there is absolutely no excitement to discover anywhere. The screenwriters constantly seem to confuse werewolves with vampires (the transylvanic attitude, garlic, wooden sticks ...) and Daning's beautiful balcony is shamelessly used as the film's only gimmick. During the final credits, a shot at which she topples her top is repeated several times (according to my colleague critic Gore, no less than seventeen times!), Which is quite pathetic and pointless. The music is okay and some of the scenery is pretty beautiful. I'm talking about the violent statues under the opening credits and the dark dungeons in the Stirbas castle. The director of Philippe Mora is a huge mess and ?? as far as I'm concerned ?? His only worthy movie remains "The Beast Within", released three years earlier.
