From the moment Christopher Lee puts on a pair of punk sunglasses and tries to sneak into a punk rock club, you know you have a stink on your hands! This film had potential. Throughout the slurry there are remnants of what could have been designed for a decent movie, if not an interesting one. However, the final product is a real mess. Aside from the gratuitous nudity and some very attractive women, Howling II wins as a ridiculous excuse for a horror movie. Christopher Lee gives it a credibility, but even though he can't raise it above the level of crap. <br /> <br /> Never seen any of the other films in this series, this critic will be forced to accept on the face appreciated that this is a true continuation of events in Part One. We start at a funeral for one of the characters from the original, and within the first ten minutes we find ourselves in Transylvania with a small group of heroes ready to fight a wolf forest. The film is paced pretty well and there are not too many dead spots. The action is there; It's just not filmed well. A bright spot is the music of a punk band called Babel. Although their song is played quite often, it is quite exciting. <br /> <br /> The problems with this movie are large in number. First, the play is worse than pathetic. Christopher Lee is good enough, but that's where it ends. The two leader Reb Brown and Annie McEnroe lack in almost everything you want for such characters. The script is miserable, the editing redundant and the direction amateurish. There are a couple of good special effects gimmicks, but the osteys far outweigh them in number. Sybil Danning is nice to look at, but her performance is less than satisfactory. Judd Omen sees the part he plays, but his voice and acting are not convincing to say the least. Much of the dialogue is in an incomprehensible language that may or may not be Latin. <br /> <br /> I liked the general idea of ​​the story. I always enjoy stories of true believers out to the seemingly insurmountable forces of evil. A scene where a small group of good guys walks through a dark forest and shoots down a bunch of werewolfs is even a bit exciting. Kind of. Perhaps a larger budget or a better director could have made the rest of the film a little more convincing. 3 out of 10 stars. The dog. <br /> <br /> Page Note: Due to this letter, the censors on youtube.com have not yet taken the final credits with Sybil Danning ripping from her top several times while Babel's song is playing! Catch it while you can!
