Howling II starts as it means to continue with a bizarre and surreal opening tale of Christopher Lee whose image is imposed on a moving star field, oh and a skeleton is also displayed for some reason. He says: "for it is written, the inhabitants of the earth have become full of blood. And I saw her sip on a hair animal, and she presented a golden challenge full of the mischievous adultery and on the forehead was written, behold, I am the great mother of an inaudible word I could not cope with, no matter how many times I traveled the band and tried to apologize # and all the abominations on earth ". This opening story means nothing at all and is just plain bizarre. Following the opening credits put over the shots of Transylvanian architecture we get a screen caption that informs us we are in 'Los Angeles, California USA S. City of the Angels'. I knew I was in for a long 86 minutes. It's probably not too long after the events of the original Howling (1981), and it's Karen White's funeral. After the ceremony, Karen's brother Ben (Reb Brown) is spoken by an "occult investigator" called Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee) who says Karen is a werewolf and that she will come back to life. Ben rejects such nonsense. But with one of Karen's friends and colleagues Jenny (Annie McEnroe) he visits Stefan at his home. Stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can be killed, he mentions Stirba (Sybil Danning), who is the queen of werewolves. Stefan also shows them a picture taken at Karen's funeral by a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt), and that she is an extremely wicked and dangerous werewolf who wants Karen. Stefan says he will spell any werewoves through the heart with titanium. Ben expects Stefan to mean that he also wants to play Karen with Jenny, he travels to the cemetery, where his sister's crypts are to stop Stefan. But many werewolves turn up and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and find out that Stirba is in Transylvania. They all decide to travel to Transylvania and stop Stirba and her werewolves from taking over Earth by fulfilling a centuries of curse. Once they travel to a small town called Vlkava, which means 'where wolves live' and meet the local priest, father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of Werewolf hunters, hi what can I call them ? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Mariana, which they hope will lead them to Stirba. But Stirba at Stefan's arrival and plans for him Ben and Jenny. Will Stefan be able to put an end to Stirba's plans for world domination? Will this movie become more bizarre or surreal? See it and find out. Directed by Philippe Mora this is a strange mess on a movie. It is poorly edited as some sequences just jump around incoherently. The biggest single problem is the script by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner based on his novel, which is everywhere and makes no sense or introduces us to any decent characters we like. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and is never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or bizarre always happens to keep the viewer entertained. Most people will hate it, but for those of us who enjoy 'bad' movies, this is right up there with the best of them. There are werewolf orgies that are just freaky to see. We get some cool werewolf killing weapons. The sentences and sites just looked out of place, and I don't know if this was actually shot in Transylvania, but it doesn't look like what I thought in the mid-80s Transylvania would. Stirbas Castle is part dungeon, part Gothic castle and part of modern luxury house. Stirba and her servant costumes are very over-the-top, Stirba wears a garment that looks like it belongs in an S / M video and to be fair to her she looks pretty sexy, and her minions also wear skimpy leather clothes. The special makeup effects range from good to poor, a dwarf's eyes explode, someone has their hand ripped off and a pastor has some creature out of his mouth, but it's not a movie filled with gore, although there are plenty of effect sequences with werewolf transformations and attacks. There are lots of nudity as well as Stirba and her minions are a really striped bunch of werewolves! I should also mention the music, the soundtrack is dominated by horrible rock music that I hated, and I ended up turning the volume down. Acting is weak all around, and what on earth was Christopher Lee thinking of accepting this movie? I wonder what he thinks of it. Basically, the whole thing is a real mess, but I found it a rather entertaining mess all the same. Impossible to recommend, but it kept me looking through to the end. Speaking of which end credits run over what appears to be deleted scenes and slashed footage, it also has the same shot of Sybil Danning who takes off her dress and puts her breasts probably over 20 times! If that's your thing.
