I have to add different comment here. Various reviews I have read compared this movie to those like Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. that is, one of the admirable flotilla of mandarin foods that has come our way in recent years. Unfortunately, this is not entirely correct. The film is played as a film school exam's attempt to imitate these gentlemen. All the pieces are there - the beautiful background, the vaguely minimalist dialogue, the slow swinging camera work and the male leaders, especially those who use a good blow of time to be contemplative. It sounds good, but unfortunately nothing is up to each other. The dialogue is led. The action is generally unable to lift the characters over the type; The marriage and the little sister are extremely poor and uninvolving. Unfortunately, when mediocre character effects are combined with a classic "Chekovian" (ie, highly predictable) plot, the results are, at best, boring and, to the worst, painful. I couldn't help but see the "Blue Danube" river scene, for example, as a smiling genre piece (although the smoggy looking "springtime" sky over the river gave a little black humor ...) I actually went to this movie on the background that Mark Li Ping photographed it. While the setting is elegant, and the swaying camera tries to replicate the mood of "Flowers of Shanghai", the movie is not in the same league, visually. In fact, I have to admit that after an hour wondering whether it was the script or the play that destroyed the movie, I suddenly remembered that I was meant to meet my flatmate for dinner and took the chance to leave (and I can Don't remember the last movie I went out of). I guess the reviews that the end might have left a positive aftertaste, but at that time I couldn't care less about it. If you would like to see something similar with true talent, then I would recommend one of the two above mentioned directors, such as "In the Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both of which were dedicated to talented Mr. Ping (the former with Chris Doyle) and both are film mastery enough to inspire years of erroneous emulations like this. It is not often Mr Hoberman who leads me astray, and maybe you would rather listen to him, but do not say that you were not warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
