This is the first of "The Complete Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare", the BBC series I have seen, and if everyone is here, I may not be able to see more. Being virtually the full text of the play is all this "Romeo & Juliet" is heading for, lacking in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a terrible instructor, both in the technical and artistic aspects. In the first, because he made mistakes that even a first-class movie studios would wisely avoid. For example, think of the badly edited first shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene, or the nurse enters Friar Lawrence's cell and asks where Romeo is so much ahead of her that she would clearly see him even if she was blind. And in the latter, because each of the performing artists is misdirected, although some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks just like I've always imagined Juliet looking, and she doesn't seem to be a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance lacks passion of any kind. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse as he is not only as boring as Juliet, but also too old and not even a nice look as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and Chucky doll. Putting them together makes it impossible to believe that they feel something to each other, let alone being the main players in the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman plays in his screen debut Tybalt as if he were Darth Vader, which is a big mistake that removes the complexity that Shakespeare intended, no characters like hero or villain but all failed people. This double is so transparent that we do not believe in the sin of the sign after his death. As for Paris, I thought of "Prince Valium" from Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to make the nurse a fair bit of justice. <p> <p> In 168 minutes, this production is unable to make us empathize with the characters, because the characters do not empathize with each other and never look to believe their own roles. The best screen version is still Franco Zeffirelli's. But to be fair, this BBC is almost as bad as fraud as George Cukor's flamboyant geriatric version or the crime against humanity, which is Baz Luhrmann's feature length MTV video. 10.4.
