Superficically, "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris", are reunited with many of the great craftsmen and women behind their previous collaborations. Gens leading lady is Cyd Charisse, one of the best dancers in the 40s / 50s cinema, and unlike the overall overall "It's Always Fair Weather", this movie gave them the chance not only one but two dancing. Lerner and Loewe were the rising teams behind such future hits as "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's musical masterpiece "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli had already demonstrated their sanguine collaboration juice at the excellent "American in Paris". What happened along the way? Why is the film itself such a stupid drilling? Minnelli himself did not want to film, despite his former warm artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Perhaps it was because the film's innate conservatism was a little too much of two steps forward for the MGM and a step back for Vincente Minnelli. But once caught in this task, which Brigadon's citizens are trapped within the city limits, Minnelli sought to make it something that would be entertaining in a specific distracting, if not liberating way. The ultimate result is really awful to see. <br /> <br /> While aiming for the naive charm of former Minnelli hits such as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis", the plaid tights wearing brigadone residents can't evoke any of The illusive nostalgia of the never-have-been sites. Its impressions do not even match the brilliant shine of "Yolanda and Thief" or "The Pirate" because the highland settings at the same time seem too specific for an exotic imagination and too generic for real human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon that I can at least relate to is the malcontented man who is trying to escape and the unlucky fellow who is played by Van Johnson, who accidentally shoots him. The general procedure of the Brigade city itself is for banana and provincial even attributed to a return form of Christianity: they seem to positively pagan in their aspect. For example, in exchange for Brigadon's immortality, the honorable and most generally "good" pastor of the city has sacrificed his own place in the supposedly blessed refuge. At some point, we are confident that "everyone's looking for their own brigadone." Suffice it to say the cashier office for this image confirms my own suspicion that most of us are not looking for this kind of quasi-queasy paradise. The principle itself is ridiculous and almost insulting, but could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly herself is the most discouraging thing about the movie, and Charisse is horribly miscast as a virgin optimist just as Lucille Bremer was mistaken in "Yolanda and Thief." Van Johnson makes his best version of the classic Oscar Levant sidekick to Kelly (even illuminating 3 cigarettes at a time as Levant in "AIP") and he gives a lot of fun moments. But it says something in itself if the best part of a large budget extravaganza with all the best talents of the MGM is a rejected Van Johnson performance.
