I don't often feel compelled to give a negative criticism of a movie; After all, I often feel, "If you have nothing good to say, then you do not say it at all," it would be useful for the many naysayers we listen to every day as nitpick on things we like. If that's the same for you reader, though I feel compelled to point out that Christopher Walken, a lonely exception in a recurring role as Gabriel, is this movie pathetic HORRID. I say this to you to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of Walken's death scene style and style or resemble the original "Prophecy", you will be very disappointed. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? A complete list would take too long to read and would drill you to tears, but a brief summary would be the following: The once quite clear picture of the relationship between angels and mortals of the first film is torn to strips. Gabriel has turned from the right morbid right hand of God he once was (and in this role he is WICKEDLY fun in the first) to a little more than a dozen for heaven. When Walken is so good at playing heavily (we all remember Frank White from "King of New York") he is still fun, but the supportive shock is an uncontrolled and inconsistent mess of mortals and angels alike who couldn't buy a clue for 50 cents. If you can figure out the plot, you're a smarter man than me. You get the feeling that we are wandering aimlessly from stage to stage just to move the movie together to Walken's next big line. At the end of the movie, you actually want him to blow his horn and make Jericho's walls fall on the people who made this natural disaster. The bottom line - it is an insult to our intelligence that they initially made a sequel to this movie. The original told the right story, answered the questions that should have been, and left them as you were supposed to consider later. There are no compelling reasons to follow these characters, who were in the first - the pastor who lost his faith, the little girl who held the great secret, the teacher who protected his children - even Lucifer himself was more intriguing in himself first film than all the other characters in the sequel put together. I am sorry for anyone who sees this movie and not the first because they will probably never see the original and it is a real tragedy.
