Everyone knows that Gregory Widen's original "Prophecy" doesn't really require a successor, but you also don't need a degree in rocket science that hangs over your chimney to realize that additional payments on this profitable horror concept were inevitable. Part 2 is a very prototypical example of a straight-to-video sequel, which means that the original creative and envelope plot has been greatly simplified in favor of more action, more witty one-liners and a much more sinister religious nature. The only good news is that the producers managed to hold Christopher Walken for Gabriel's role and he delivers another brilliant prestige that immediately justifies the price of a rental. If it wasn't for Walk's performance (and maybe a few players in the supportive cast like Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "The Prophecy II" would probably have disappeared into oblivion right after the release. The movie begins with Gabriel literally being spat out of hell to continue with his ongoing heavenly war on earth. The purpose of his fight this time is to prevent the nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) from being born. For u see, her unborn child is the first ever hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly "monkey", and the birth of such a superior being would mean the fall of Gabriel's evil dominion. Thus, as in the first film, he commits suicide members to help him and chases Valerie right down to Eden for the final showdown. "Prophecy II" is a durable and occasionally entertaining film, as long as you do not compare the original and as long as you can overlook the many plot gaps and errors in continuity. Fortunately, when the story gets too boring, the decision-makers always set an almost brilliant Christopher Walken moment to distract you. His interactions with the rebellious Izzy and especially his ignorance of modern earthly technologies often result in valuable and memorable sequences. On a slightly off-topic note, I often felt like "The Prophecy II" ambitions to look like "Terminator II" ?? Gabriel's resurrection as little as the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the Eden site, where the last battle takes place, is very similar to the steel factory, where "Terminator II" also ended. Coincidentally, I guess? All in all, this is a subordinate and acceptable successor, but still worth checking out if you are a fan of Christopher Walk's uniquely acting charisma (and who isn't it?).
