This is one of those horror flicks where twenty somethings are fooling around with the dark art around a camp fire, getting into a heap of trouble to do so. A portal was opened that contained a world of demons known as Kelippoth of Sitra Achra by a man whose daughter, summer, is being kidnapped by something taken in it. Summer is educated by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to fight demon monsters. This is part of the plot that allows you to investigate. Anyway, three wannabee witches who went together in high school together, Renea, the most enthusiastic, serious performer in dark art and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (.. it's more or less a transitory dish with them, though ..) Along with friends, Jason and Ricky, on a tour of the desert, where the summer disappeared from her home ten years ago. Opening the portal through a spoken text written in an old book, a demon is free as summer, now a warrior whose training has led to a very fit and athletic body and skills that have been needed to ward off monsters in the other world. <br /> <br /> Low budget includes a loopy but ambitious story that limits it to a limited setting. These young adults spend a lot of time running around in the forest and hope not to feed on an animal. As may be the case with these films, the demon stands on the sidelines while history evolves as summer tries to remember how everything happened while she was kind to Jason who wants to help her restore the lost time. The action is mostly shot in the dark, which makes the violence difficult to decipher. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast for that matter) is something mighty beautiful eye-catcher, dressed up in a dress like a conan Conan, a beautiful body, we enjoy staring at from the moment she appears until the closure of film . Some lesbians (.. some kissing and hugging) and nudity eat things up nicely, and the cast seems to have fun with that cool plot. It is so terrible that the silly tone is probably appropriate for the material. <br /> <may be of interest to co-starring World Wrestling Entertainment's "Captain Courageous" Christian (real name, Jason Reso) as one of the group, spoofing his alter ego as a chicken, quivering on the sound of an insidious tree twig. Landy Cannon is just as unlikely hero, Jason, a beloved, naive young man whose fiancé, Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bi-sexual and in love with Marlene (.. Jasmine's cruelty is in toying with Jason's feelings by saving her affair with Marlene from his knowledge), while Ricky and Renea try to steer him away from this idea that he can revive a dead flame that has gone out, never to ignite again. The Kelippoth demon is mostly dark illuminated, I think refraining from showing how ridiculous / ridiculous it looks if it is fully presented. The lesbian antics of Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) are mostly pretty, their love does when they are alone in the woods up against a tree, toned down and also lit by night darkness. My assessment is slightly favorable to it, almost exclusively because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, rather than the plot or film production. The film aims to please and market to the boys (and girls who love hot women). However, I think most of the time, the humor falls slightly flat.
