It is certainly a strange way to promote a movie on which a large part rested. And it looks like ordinary suicide from the studio, as it (1) The feeds between the cast were well-known long before the film's release. (2) The error between the producer (Robert Fryer) and the director (Michael Sarne) was also common knowledge. (3) The cast made no secret of their contempt for the film and published it on every occasion, with daily bulletins from the set, beautifully reported by gossip column everywhere. <br /> <br /> And (4) The author, Gore Vidal, almost hated it from day one. Nevertheless, the tagline just summarizes it. Raquel Welch makes <br /> <br /> a decent performance as Myra, and she also looks great. John Huston is very fun as Buck Loner, ex-Cowboy Star, who runs a fake acting academy. Of course, Mae West (in her first screen since 1943) has rewritten her part to look after herself, and she's great as "oversexed" (and it mildly) "Talent Agent" Leticia Van Allen. Yet she must have wondered (after waiting so long for a good vehicle to return) how she ended up in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his film debut) is one of her "customers". John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, also come together shortly. Rex Reed as Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Lord, who sacrifice Myra / Myron's sexual passion, is neither here nor there. The same goes for the manuscript, which not only fails to focus on the book's basic plot, but seems to go in at least three different directions at once. Although the West was initially larger, she was reduced to a cameo role when Sarne continued editing. And partly because of this, she seems to be in another movie. Apparently, at one point, the producer was aware that Mae was going to be the movie's major feature and could not replace most of her carved images, they rushed back to the set at the end of the movie for the other of her two songs which both come out of nowhere. The unit, Sarne, used to throw in old movie clips of bygone stars to emphasize which points he made, not at all. At the time of the film's end, all a weary spectator can do, wondering what the hell was all about. Not surprisingly, almost everyone with the production felt the same way, and it died at the cashier's office. A technically flawless DVD contains (among other things extra) separate comments from both Welch and Sarne, each of which has completely opposite opinions on what went wrong. No doubt that it is home-video re-publishing led by a 2001 '' Vanity Fair '' piece that tried (in detail) to do the same. True, the novel's structure has made a screen fit for a questionable company, but with Sarne at the helm of what was, of course, a "troubled" production, it has never had any chance.
