(In this review, I will specify the point at which spoilers begin.) My dissatisfaction is shared: 30% tone deafness, 70% lackluster writing. The 30%: I agree with the first commentator's synopsis about the lack of diversity in the characters' characters and range. I was surprised at how this movie at best violently shortchanges the real NYC by presenting a collection of people and relationships that are so narrow to come across as being inhabited only by Gossip Girl (it comes from one who can like Gossip girl). A few minority characters are written into the stories, but they are included in commitment while we can see the gears under the film so clearly and strive to be "diverse" but fall short. <br /> <br /> 70% is why everything falls short. All characters, white plus a few token minorities, are one-dimensional, cardboard cutouts of popular concepts. Worse, their interactions with each other are written in such a way that for each vignette in the film, the audience is treated to what I would say is a "gag": we get a basic impression, so some punchline should be clever twist. But even though we suspended cynicism for a moment to say, "Okay, that was a surprise" ... the stories are still not that interesting because they are too low. When you fashion stories, so their existence hangs solely at the unexpected end, you write jokes. Spoilers under ... <br /> <br /> The movie primarily tries to tell romantic stories. It is fine. But romance is amazing, deep, sometimes complex. These "romantic" stories each have a girl and a boy who at one time share the same place and get to look at each other. Word exchange, thoughts are projected through voice-over, but they only communicate to the audience simply that someone is attracted to another. Meaning, there is no seduction (in the broad sense), no excitement, and neither confrontation nor fellowship between the will of two different people trying to unite their existence to accommodate the other. The only story that involves a superficial "seduction" is just as the audience ends up being surprised that the guy (Ethan Hawke) is being surrendered by the girl he hits, which unexpectedly turns out to be a hooker. Of course, his words when trying to get her are interesting to hear, and we are amused as we would be if we were next to them, but there is no content for this story outside "A da B" . So it unfolds if something like a postcard could "unfold" with all the other stories as well: A da B - It's the only thing that happens to happen "on the set" in Manhattan. By the way, the only Brooklyn we see is the Coney Island outline; The only queen is the flickering of a train ride taken by a character traveling to the West Village. <br /> <br /> It's easy to choose movies that take into account all the common stereotypes of race, gender, sexual orientation and soon. _New York, I love you, but deserve to be more rigorously scrutinized for its title. We expect to see the real New York and the real New Yorkers, but instead we have parade for us the chosen part of a demographic, its characters flown in from The OC, plus a few others to make it SEEM as if we were pay attention to diversity. But when we look more closely at who these characters are, the whole shame becomes an aversion to the very concept of diversity and the ethnic and cultures that the film does not shamefully represent. <br /> <br /> For example, the story of Latino is the man with the little white girl in the park who is mistaken by two ladies as her male (male nanny) when he is actually father. In spite of the last scene in this part, it was unnecessary from a dramatic point of view (it would have been far more interesting to finish it when the mother and boyfriend / girlfriend strive the girl away), it is frankly a little scary that scene where we certainly teaches that the girl's father is Latino ALSO must inform us that he is a sexually desirable dancer. What can father not be just a guy from South America? Now that he is clearly warm, is the audience better prepared to accept that he had a child with a white woman from the middle to the upper class? Are we so naive to demand this? As if a Mexican construction worker would obviously be too uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> It's not my place to dictate where the movie should have gone. But in every conceivable setup and plot twist, the direction that looks at the status quo ranks for security. All these stories could have been more interesting, even though we were forced to keep the single-dimensionality of the characters inhabiting them, at least by not choosing between standard and obvious stereotypes. Asian girl living in Chinatown is being studied by a scraggly old white guy? How has an Asian cougar pursued a white college child instead. Again, I do not say that the whole request must be changed. It's just that each. damn. history premises. is so chopped - and thus they fail to convey something about why one can love New York outside the trit. The right way to improve the movie would be to have written a script worth reading. <br /> <br /> I will admit the sound of the soundtrack, the good pacing of the movie (though it was the pace, good, mud), and the general feel of many of the scenes. The movie was just fine to sit through and I wouldn't deter anyone from doing it. However, it says that the most significant tribute to non-superficiality is when the old opera singer says (paraphrased) "That's what I love about New York: everyone is from somewhere else." Well, you wouldn't know from seeing this.
