It was the 60s, and everyone with long hair and a hip, distant attitude could make money to make a movie. That's how Michael Sarne, director of this colossal flop, was able to get the job done. Sarne is one of the most superior indigenous people ever given a dollar to make a movie. In fact, the entire study must have been fooled into agreeing to hire a guy who had made exactly an earlier movie, a terribly valuable 60's-hip black and white featurette called Joanna. That movie resembled the corresponding talented actress / waif Genevieve Waite, who could hardly speak a whole line without breaking into any inappropriate facial expressions or bat-like twitter. Sarne, who was unlikely to be able to control a cartoon, did not mind a big-budget Hollywood movie, was over his head. David Gil's book is the best place to go to find out how the faux infant horrible Sarne was able to pull the wool over everyone's eyes. If there is ever a historical marker indicating the surface and superficiality of an era, Myra Breckinridge gives that marker. It highlights the emptiness and the thoughtless surplus of a decade that is often remembered for a great sea change in body politics. Breckinridge is a touchstone of another equally important vein. Watch this movie, and you get a different perspective on the less commonly mentioned vacuum in the spirit, which so often went for talent during those years. Many reviewers have talked about narrowing recordings from other films, especially older ones. Some actually thought of these lumpy "comments" about what was going on in the movie, others found them meaningless, annoying, and intrusive, but since the movie itself is so bad, any intrusion would be an improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason Michael Sarne put so many movie clips into Myra Brekinridge was to write over the bottomless lack of humor and imagination he had. That is, Sarne was so imaginative - challenged that he just threw these clips in to fill the room and take time. They were not inspiration, they were desperation. His writing abilities were nonexistent, and David Giler had wisely stepped off the project from a ticking bomb, leaving Sarne behind to actually make a movie, and he couldn't. It was beyond his slender skills. Therefore, the introduction of what seems like a half of a whole movie is worth cutting. The actors 'and directors' ghosts - many long ago passed - were encouraged to correct this calamitous flopperoo because Sarne certainly couldn't. That's what he came up with on the days he sat on the set and thought for eight hours, while the whole casting and crew (not to mention the producers and the auditors) cooled their heels and waited for something, a great fantasy find, a hint of originality, a white soup to break from Zeus's forehead. Um, oops. No Zeus + No fantasy + No sparks = Millions of small dollar bills with small wings - Each made of the hundreds of license agreements required to use the clips - flying out of the window. Bye Bye. <br /> <br /> As for myself, I hated movie clips. They denied Sarne's many better, stubborn fun on people whose talents - even those whose skills were not great - far exceeded the director's abilities and then ultimately served to show how lacking he was in inspiration, originality - and even with plain Competence - compared to even the cheesiest of them.
