Anyone who knows me at a distance can tell you that I love bad movies almost as much as I love big ones, and I can honestly say I have finally seen one of the all-time legendary bad movies: the almost indescribable mess that is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. An adaptation of Gore Vidal's best-selling book (he later proclaimed this film version), the star-studded MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is really a movie so bad that it remains bizarre entertaining from the beginning to the end. The X-rated movie on sex change operations and Hollywood was an absolute disaster at the cashier's office and was literally crawled by the screen of both critics and audiences at the time of its release. Not surprisingly, the movie continued to get an almost legendary cult status among lovers of poor cinema, and I was actually very excited to finally see for the first time. Director Michael Sarne (who only had two other previous direct credits to his name at the time), took a lot of fuss for the finished film, and in honesty it doesn't really seem as though he had a clue what he was trying to achieve. The film is often incoherent, with whole sequences edited together in such a half-hazzard way that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. Also annoying is the gimmick using archive film from the Fox movie vaults and splicing it into the picture at regular intervals. This means that archival films by former movie stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple have entered into new movie scenes of often eerie sexual acts, and the process just doesn't seem as intended (this also resulted in a minor rebellion as actors like Temple and Loretta Young sued the study to use their image without permission.) <br /> Perhaps Sarne is not the only one to blame as the film's manuscript and casting will also cause many viewers to shake their heads in disbelief For example, this movie will pray you think the scary film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last big movie role) could have a sex change operation and emerge as the beautiful sex goddess Raquel Welch? The movie becomes even more difficult to follow when Welch as Myra tries to take over a film school from his evil uncle (played by legendary movie director John Huston), seduce a nubile female film student (Farrah Fawcett) and teach the school's resident bad boy (Roger Lord) a lesson by raping him with a strap-on dildo. Did everyone follow it? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your perspective)! I have not yet mentioned the movie's top star: the legendary screenwriting symbol for the nineteen thirties, Mae West! Ms West was 77 years old when she appeared in this movie (she had been retired for 26 years) and apparently she still considered to be a formidable sex symbol as she plays an exclusive talent agent with hunky men (including a young Tom Selleck) throws herself on her. In fact, as if this wasn't bad enough, the toned west performs two newly written songs halfway through the movie, and I think I might have endured permanent brain damage by listening to them! Of course none of this even resembles something that any person with reasonable taste would describe as "good", but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE a 4 out of 10 because it was always morbidly entertaining, though I had no idea what the hell was going to happen. Also most of the cast tries really hard. Raquel especially looks to be hell in turning his poorly written part into something meaningful that she individually succeeds in making the movie worth seeing. If she had only worked with a decent manuscript and skilled instructor, she could finally have received some form of critique of respect. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also nice. The devoted cant John Huston (who really should have steered the picture) has some fun moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is pleasantly fresh and friendly. The Roger Lord is also fine, but he has never come in another movie after this (I think he just couldn't live like the guy raped by Raquel Welch). And as anyone could guess from the above description, Mae West was out of her when she went in to make this movie - but it's part of what makes it fun for us who love bad cinema.
