MYR BRECKINRIDGE is rarely seen since theatrical releases in 1970, and has become a word for cinematic debacles of legendary proportions. Finally on DVD in an unexpectedly beautiful package, it is just as unlikely to win the big crowd today as it was when it was first released. <br /> <br /> Gore Vidal's 1968 bestseller was a dark satirical statement. Most filmmakers thought that the novel's history, structure and overall tone would not translate into movies, and industry inspectors were surprised when 20th Century Fox not only acquired the rights, but also hired Vidal to adapt his novel to the screen. But the heads of studies soon had cold feet: Vidal's adaptations were repeatedly rejected, and novice author director Michael Sarne was brought in to bring the film to the screen. <br /> <br /> Studio executives hoped that Sarne would reach the youth market as a target for the movie, but Sarne proved even more out of sync with the material than the managers themselves. Write rewrite after rewriting followed. The cast, sensing disaster became more and more fighting. In his DVD comment, the star Raquel Welch says she rarely had an idea of ​​what Mira's motifs were from stage to stage or even within a single scene itself, and that each person involved seemed to make a completely different movie. In the accompanying "Back Story" documentary, Rex Reed says MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a movie made by a bunch of people who hid in their changing rooms while waiting for their lawyers to return. <br /> <br /> The accuracy of these comments has been demonstrated by the film itself. The basics of Vidal's story are there, but not only has history been cut off by any broader implications, it seems to have no meaning in itself. Everything goes off in several directions, nothing connects, and many scenes sign whatever logic previous scenes could have had. And while director Sarne repeatedly says in his comment that he wanted to make the film as pure farce, the only thing that is generated is random. <br /> <br /> The chief among these accidents is Mae West. It is true that West is unexpectedly well-preserved in appearance and that she has not lost her way with a one-liner - but there is nothing to know that she is in the seventies and that she is convinced that she is quiet the sexiest trick in leather leather is extremely disturbing, to say the least. But worse is the fact that the West is beyond its era. Her efforts to translate into a hip and happening persona result in one of the most embarrassing self-caricatures ever seen on film. The remaining roll is largely wasted. Raquel Welch, a significantly underrated actress, plays Myra's title role much like a Barbie doll on steroids; Non-player Rex Reed is unexpectedly effective in Myron's role, but the whole role is essentially without point. Only John Huston and the cameo players John Carradine, Jim Backus, William Hopper and Andy Devine come out relatively unharmed. Yes, it's really the debacle, everyone involved in the movie feared that it would be: Fast, when it should be slow, slow, when it should be fast, relentlessly unfunny from start to finish. It's true that director Sarne has an occasionally inspired idea - as in his use of movie clips from everyone from Shirley Temple to Judy Garland to counterbalance the action - but basically when Sarne was presented with a choice of how to do something , he seems to have made the wrong one. <br /> <br /> How and why is it clear in Sarne's audio commentary. Sarne did not like the novel or, for that matter, the subject in general. He didn't want to write the manuscript, but he needed the money; He didn't want to control the movie, but he needed the money. He makes it very clear that he did not like the writer Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (at one point he says that Reed "is not a good person") and so far he believes that Vidal and Reed worked together to sabotage the movie because he refused to play in their 'homosexual agenda' - as when you come right down to it, seems to have been their desire for Sarne to actually film Vidal's novel instead of his own strangely imagined start on it. <br /> <br /> Although he spends a lot of commenting time, which shows that the film is very similar to the homosexual community, Sarne never fully understands that the film's appeal to a gay audience stems from his ridiculously inaccurate image of gay people. When it comes along with the movie itself, Sarne emerges as more than a little homophobic - and frankly the only worst choice of writers and directors that could have been made for this project. <br /> <br /> In addition to the Sarne and the Welch commentary and documentation, the DVD release includes several trailers and two versions of the movie: a "theatrical release" version and a "restored" version. The only difference between the two is that the final scene in the "restored" version is printed in black and white. The edits made before the movie was released in general release have not been restored, but the documentaries describe what they were. Widescreen transfers of both are remarkably good and the sound is pretty good. But to finish where I started, this is a movie that will interest film historians, film fans and cult movie fans. I give it three out of five stars alone for their sake alone, but everyone else must pass it by. <br /> <br /> Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
