MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of the rare films that immediately established its place in film history. The praise of the movie was absolutely nonexistent, even from the people who were involved in doing so. This movie was detested from day one. While it occasionally comes across some maverick that will praise the film for philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle the issue of transgenderism), the film has not developed a cult as some infamous flops do. It is not hailed as a misunderstood masterpiece such as SCARFACE, or trotted out to be ridiculed as a camp classic like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the reason why the film, though outrageously horrible, is not lovable or even sympathetic. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is just plain. As a Hollywood satire, it is cold blood and transparent, but in a hollow meaningless way. MYRA assumes that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes on to attack such beloved icons as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The movie seems to mean that everything about Hollywood itself is staggering. It seems to think that there is something inherently courageous about mocking holy cows, but does not provide a justification for making mocking in the first place. The film is also visually anti-American and anti-establishment and anti-this and anti-that, but all in a superficial, late 1960s, trendy way. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I love you, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other real hip epics, MYRA is a middle-aged vision of the hippy-dippy youth culture. It tries to embrace the very attitude it belittles. But instead of being cheerfully self-assertive, MYRA makes no attempt to hide its contempt for everything that comes within its understanding. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the humor of a bullying; There is not a single moment of innocence in it. Its intentions are not honorable. TIME Magazine described it as "almost as fun as a children's holiday", but it is almost not as sympathetic. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West carries the bride of so much criticism directed at movies described as resembling anything from an aging dragon queen to a revitalized godlike body. Of course, the uncertain star did not show how ridiculous she seemed to be playing a lecherous talent agent who was alert to men young enough to be her grandchildren or even her grandchildren. But director Michael Sarne should know, but he used her anyway. Why? Because she seemed to be the guy. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veteran experts in the movie, they are only there, so the movie can muck their age and use them to separate their movie footage. They are cast as smarmy self-parodies, like the Rex Reed, the arrogant, failing film critic, who is cast as the only one in the movie. But the real Reed, the famous dog, jet-setting, talk show gossip, can be charming in a grim fun way; But like Myron, Myra's alter ego, he's just pitiful. Again, apparently for Sarne, Reed is joking. <br /> <br /> You see MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you don't see actors you see victims. No more than Raquel Welch. No one will ever accuse Welch of being a great actress, but it is a testament to her firmness and her appeal that she survived this movie and her career flourished. In almost all scenes, Welch's front and center was a measure of abuse directed at the movie, but for her credit, she gives a remarkably nuanced performance. Although it is obviously centered between the stage chewing Huston and the almost catatonic west, Welch does not have to do much to find a good balance. Still, she gives her a terribly unfunny dialogue with a deadpan smirk, with just hints of self-righteous joy that would make any James Bond villain proud. Legend has it that Welch was snubbed by a disappointing west and subjected to repeated verbal assaults on the set of bumbling director Sarne, not to mention being presented in a degrading scene after another, making it even more remarkable that she was able to provide such a cool and overall performance. <br /> <br /> The film's only exciting element is trying to find out what the film's agenda is. The whole story is a fantasy factory that should indicate that it has a moral to deliver, but what it may be is someone's guess. With his whole talk of destroying "the last vestigial traces of traditional crew from the race", it seems to have a feminist ax to paint. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. In addition, Myra is not a woman, rather she is a delusion of Myron, who is probably a gay man. It can explain the rap scene as well as the character's love / hate attitude to macho, apparently straight-headed Rusty, but it doesn't explain his / her obsession with and allegedly lesbians stubbornly with Farrah Fawcett's Mary Ann. The film is obsessed with sex, but can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution; the whole meat is treated as if it is not dirty, at least perverted and degrading. Turning to Gore Vidal's original novel is of no use because it is as confused and meaningless as the movie. And this is a rare movie that actually seems to hate movies. Not just movies as a business, but also movies as part of the culture. The film itself is wall-to-wall references to old films that all director-screenwriter Sarne is approaching with a funny contempt. He has ridden the movie vault of the 20th-century Fox and peppered the film with excerpts of old films, not as a tribute or to give a social comment, but to spot the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist - if you generously call Sarne it - make a work of art if he already hates the very medium he works in? The much effort is completely self-covering. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE doesn't seem to benefit anything but just being uncomfortable. It hates Hollywood, it hates America, it hates sex, it hates homosexuals and straights and women and men and old and young people and Laurel and Hardy, and it's safe, and it probably has a scene showing disdain for it. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE can in a very sad and pampered way be the first punk manifesto, a celebration of pop culture nihilism.
