"Mistress of the craft" Celeste works as an agent for the London department of Interpol's Bureau 17, which specializes in (I believe) occult criminals. She has Eyes of Destiny, good in her hands, dangerous if anyone else has it. President 17 has captured a Satanist from California, Hyde (no relation to Dr. Jekyll). Detective Lucy Lutz from LAPD flies to England to bring him back to the United States. Lutz is the connection to the previous Witchcraft films that have been played by Stephanie Beaton before in Witchcraft 9. In Part 7, Lutz was played by another woman; in 6 Lutz was a man! Lutz part in 9 was not terribly large, but she is one of the biggest stars in this. Although left behind her high heels and short skirts, she still has revealing peaks in it. And this time she has nude and sex scenes. The Beaton is pretty appealing in the role. As usual, there are a number of sex scenes. An anonymous club guru has a deadly triangle with two vampires, the satanist and the main vampire getting it on with some kink, Lutz finds an English pal, and Celeste and her boyfriend love. <br /> <br /> The main recurring character of the Witchcraft series, Will Spanner, does not appear here, although Lutz mentions him to the Bureau 17 agent Dixon in a vampire conversation. She also speaks her partner Detective Garner (sections 6, 7 and 9), even though we didn't hear his end of conversation. Hyde has jumped from the prison of a group of rapists vampires, for a Walpurgis ritual has something to do with a god named Morsheba (I believe). Hyde delivers all its lines in a very flat way, while the Raven takes over a campy degree. The fighting scenes are horribly choreographed. <br /> <br /> The sound of the movie was pretty bad and poorly edited. In addition, some dialogues are lost during blaring music or sirens. Cinematography is also not amazing. Having the movie set and actually shot in the UK was a bit of a novelty, though at least for this series. <br /> <br /> Wendy Cooper is very good as Celeste; Attractive, specific, but more importantly, she is easily the best actor in the movie (bad fight scenes anyway). I'm quite surprised that her filmography is so small. If there is ever a Witchcraft XIV and I would bet, there will be, they should bring her back, even if it means flying her to California! <br /> <br /> Witchcraft X is available alone or in the DVD collection Hotter Than Hell along with Witchcraft XI and two independent films.
