I bought a set of 4 DVDs for 10 bucks on my local Suncoast which featured this movie and three other invisible horror flicks (including its successor "Witchcraft XI"). So pretty much, I paid the $ 2.50 base price for this movie if you do the math. I can't even say I was ripped off. I have a thing for trashy horror movies, but it's the kind of trash can that gives waste a bad name. The budget couldn't be over $ 1,000 (although it looks like they spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low budget movie, but it's no excuse for completely uninspired camera work. The movie "Blood Cult", but not very good, was made for an extremely low budget and still had pretty good camera work and plays. The action in this movie is the definition of "effortless", especially from the muscular guy with the Texas accent. Everyone reads almost their lines out of the page. You can take it figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script was off camera as they performed. I said before that I have never seen a bad English actor. This movie has a lot of bad. And although English movies are not always good, they always seem to have at least one level of sophistication, so I can't see why an Englishman or an English woman would voluntarily make a home video this. Did the merchant ivory get hold of their casting call? Normally, I think people are too hard on directors and actors. Even some of the worst movies in Hollywood have some degree of professionalism in director, acting and film departments. Even when you watch a movie like "Glitter", you can't honestly say it looks like a third degree shot these scenes (although a third degree could have written the script). I've seen home movies shot better than "Witchcraft X" and it's no exaggeration at all. Even gore is minimal as the filmmakers only had money to buy some fake blood for sale at Party City. There was no single effort to make this movie - let's just sum it up like that. You get the picture. There is a lot of nudity even though it doesn't save it. But I have to say that the girl with the red-orange hair who is either naked or wearing a sticky purse throughout the film is really hot! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (out of 10)
