I saw this movie literally directly after the end of the book, and maybe it was a neutral idea or a very stupid one. I think it was the latter. First of all, it was inaccurate in many small but important details. One of the first things I noticed was during Winston's daily life in his work, his conversations, eating in the cafeteria, etc. He feels free to look miserable and make suggestive eyes on people without much fear. One of the most important parts of the book was that even in small activities it was almost impossible to confidently show yourself a hint of his true feelings on his face at every moment. This is also seen in the scenes on the streets of the proletarians. In the book, Winston knew that this was a great risk of walking around there and was skeptical and scared of every trip. In the film, he does so often and without fear that you lose the important sense of heavy surveillance and risk just outside bats. <br /> <br /> Other minor inaccuracies contained Winston storing his diary in the wall, yes a very small change, but it raises the question, what's the point? There was also the most annoying thing a director can do with a book, and it's morphing characters. However, the great inaccuracies were far more disturbing. First of all, one of the important pieces of the book is that Big Brother is a government based on an intelligent but raw philosophy. In the movie they run over and go straight to the fact that you think the government is run by Hitler with technology. It is true in a sense, when it is aimed at its facism, but if that is all you get out of big brother, you really missed the point of the book. The scary thing about Big Brother is that it somehow has some points behind its philosophy. When O'Brien chooses Winston's mind in the Ministry of Love, he listens to everything Winston says to Big Brother. Indeed, the fact that he is listening and advancing in his philosophy is what is most scary and exciting. Ultimately, when Winston says he loves Big Brother, the scary thing is that you're not sure if it was souly the blow and torture that caused this or the actual power behind philosophy. I say in no way that the big brother's philosophy has points that appeal to me, but its intelligence and depth are what makes this book incredibly disruptive. How can you feel any connection between Julia and Winston in the movie? It was terrible, no connection at all. <br /> <br /> Where was O'Brien before giving Winston his address? One of the things that brought the book was Winston's thoughts on O'Brien BEFORE contacting him. In the movie they just jump the gun. <br /> <br /> But it's about summaries why this movie was a horrible adaptation: because it's impossible NOT to skip gun and morph characters in less than two hours. How could anyone think this movie was visible if it was under two hours? At least, the movie requires 3 hours to capture some of the important moods and connections. Something less is just meaningless. <br /> <br /> If you loved the book, and I really mean, loved it, you won't approve of this movie and chances are you already knew you wouldn't. Because the book is unmistakable, and this film just proves how impossible it is that it's something decent in a little movie reel. <br /> <br /> Two stars out of ten
