I wasn't really fond of the first "Cube" movie. It was a good idea, but the annoying plays and characters always kept me from feeling too much. Didn't really find the need to see his successor, but when I heard that they were making a third movie that would work more of a prequel to the original. I was fascinated and thought that maybe they would correct some of the original problems and give us a memorable cast. Well I thought wrong. <br /> <br /> The "Cube Zero" starts well enough by introducing us to the two characters responsible for seeing and maintaining the infinite maze of traps that plague the people in the dice. The filmmakers succeed in giving a sense of mystery with the establishment of the two men's daily routine. Several questions arise from it, about the reason why people are sent there and also the true nature of those who run the whole operation. Everyone is left solely to the viewer. The action was a little weak, but overall, the film's first half moved relatively well. <br /> <br /> With the story ahead, one of the two "watchers" begins to develop serious doubts about what he is doing. And later decide to go and help a group of the people who are trapped. Here is where everything quickly begins to dissolve in dull cheese. Sent by the people running the Cube program, we are introduced to the "Jax" sign. Along with his two underlings plays a big reason why this movie is failure. Initially, "Jax" looks and speaks more like a third-rate villain taken directly from a James Bond movie complete with the ever "popular" glass moment, destroying only an atmosphere created by the first half relatively flat pace. What's more, it starts to feel more like a comedy than a serious movie. With some incredible corny lines, the screenwriter might be bored and dislike. The action itself breaks down to a further low when the former "watcher" meets the group in the dice. The whole interaction is painful to see, as everything else follows it. Again, failing to impress anything but weak characters, dialogue and acting "Cube Zero" is a waste of time for those looking for a good horror movie.
