But "Cinderella" gets my voice, not just for the worst of Disney's princess movie, but for the worst movie the company made during Walt's lifetime. The music is really beautiful and the story deserves to be called "classic". What fails in this movie are the characters, especially the title character, which could only be called "heroine" in the most sensible meaning of the term. After a short prologue, the audience is introduced to Cinderella. She wakes up in the morning and sings "A dream is a wish that your heart does." This establishes her as an idealist (and thus deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script gives us no idea what she is dreaming about. Freedom from her servant role? Respect for her tree family? Someone to talk to besides mice and birds? In a song (cut from the movie, but presented in the Special Features section of the latest DVD), Cinderella relates her desire for many of her to make her work more effective. You go boyfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very bland character. She passively accepts the abuse of her wooden family, escaping in her unspoken dreams of relief. She claims only once by reminding her grandfather that she is still a member of the family. For this she is allowed to go the ball if she completes her housework and finds something to wear, a token gesture that is clearly absurd for everyone except of course Cinderella. Can anyone see that Belle or Jasmine is such a doormat? If Cinderella is boring, her male counterpart is nothing short of lifeless. The prince in Cinderella gets no dialogue and almost no screen time. We get no indication if he is a good man if he respects cinderella or something. All we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he is dancing well. Heck, even the prince of "Snow White" had to sing a romantic song. Not only does this lack of development mean that romance is less interesting, it makes Cinderella look like a social climber or an idiot, weakening her already clever appeal. <br /> <br /> Perhaps realize how upset the main characters were, animators chose to give excessive screen time to the movie's comic relief, Cinderella's friends, the mice. Granted, these characters are entertaining. Nevertheless, when comic relief steals the show from the instructors, let's just say that your story has some problems. Dinsey loves to proclaim all his animated features as "masterpieces". While many of them are, there are some who do not deserve this appeal in any way. Cinderella is an excellent example of this fact.
