Following the release of Cube 2: Hypercube (2003) and the play of the alleged success of the original Cube (1998), director Ernie Barbarash gives the freedom to bring us the third trilogy, prequel Cube Zero. <Br /> Deep in the tails of a giant and faceless institution, time and place unknown, two low-level operators, Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband) are watching and monitoring behavior in people who have been placed in a huge network of cubic chambers, some of which are rigged with death traps. Told that the people they observe have been convicted of crimes that chose this terrible and deadly trial of a mortal injection, these observers have had no problem with their jobs until Wynn, a mathematical genius, discovers that one of The prisoners, a woman named Cassandra Stephanie Moore, never agreed to be put inside the cube. Suddenly it is realized that perhaps their "job" is not what they think and that they can be part of something deeply ill and twisted ... For people who have seen and enjoyed the original Cube prequel will probably not be there your taste. It's not that history doesn't have potential; it is simply that the first Cube movie never had to be expanded. Standing alone it is a nice little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and a security about his own message. It was also nicely independent. The problem with Cube Zero is that it destroys some of the mystique of the original, trying to answer questions with multiple questions, but only really results in making a mess of what never needed fixing. <br /> <br /> What this new movie has to offer, which is a question of the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the evil of evil, is certainly good question to raise, but it should probably have been done on their own merits rather than as a continuation of a film that had no such aspirations. That said, the film's other features, such as acting and direction and writing, are not terrible. There is a gloomy, dark look at the movie that resembles such a film noir as 'The Matrix' and 'Dark City' and they have certainly managed to regain the claustrophobic feeling of the first Cube. Unfortunately for Barbarash, these are not enough positive qualities to save it.
