If you've ever wanted to watch a movie that emphasizes style over substance, it's for you. For me, Son de Mar is beautiful to look at, but there is precious little substance unless the melancholy, melodramatic, manipulative love yarns turn you on. This can be one of the famous 'chick flicks' you've heard so much about. <br /> <br /> We are about to go halfway through this movie before anything really happens: Ulises (Jordi Molla) goes out to sea and looks for tuna and does not come back and leaves his wife Martina (Leonor Watling) and son to defend themselves. Then they bury in a furious six-minute screen-time Ulises, Martina gets married again and her son grows in the middle of childhood. This quick implementation is at least beaten and very sloppy: after 40 minutes more or less we suddenly hang into a full blown melodrama, all in six minutes. Five years later, Ulises (as in the wandering superhero Ulysses; get it?), Returns to his 'Penelope' (Watling) to find out she's married to Sierra (Eduard Fernandez), an inexplicable wealthy guy ( What does he do to serve all that dough?) That inexplicably holds crocodiles as pets. When Martina in great anger asks Ulises about his absence, he tells her that he will take her to Sumatra one day and she will understand everything. <br /> <br /> And here's the thing: he does it I take her to the island of Sumatra. The reference just dies somewhere in the script. He doesn't really explain where he was and why he ignored his wife and child for five years. He does not release himself as a reputable guy, and the film does NOT fill the plot holes that stare at us for at least half of the film. I can only assume that director Bigas Luna wants us to fill in the lines of history with the mysterious tracks (fish, reptiles, the sea) he offers through a fantastic filmography and evasive dialogue. It just doesn't work. The story 'bow' on this movie ends up looking more like a wobbly line of clothing. I'm sure Jordi Molla is a good actor, but I just couldn't buy his Ulises as any kind of hero (which is what the original Ulysses should be). With moist sensuality, he splashes a short stanza of identical poetry from Virgil about 2,000 times, and each time it spans Martina for explosive orgasm. This guy must be let out to revive outdated marriages. I'm sure Virgil would be impressed. He was not put as often as I understand it. <br /> <br /> This poetic "unity" is prominent in the movie and I had no choice but to assume that it was a sex change of Ulysses' famous singer song (ie, beautiful girls who seductively sail sailors in vain who was convicted if they replied, well, siren call). If this is what Bigas Luna is up to, you can see the problem - he offers intricate symbolism in a snatch-and-grab attempt at High Art. Again, it just doesn't work, at least in my eyes. Watling is a beautiful and magnetic young actor, but she gives us a character here that doesn't seem to have much intellectual or even romantic depth. It is beyond me how she can desperately fall in love with a guy who cultivates a rental sign on the face (like in the unoccupied), oily hair from the 1960s that resembles more tongs and one of the trendy 21. centuries of beard "(you know, four days of growth, no more, no less). He is SUPPOSED to be a dreamy kind of guy (I think), but his eyes indicate that he might suffer more from overexposure to a terrible script . <br /> <br /> Don't worry, this movie is great to watch, just try not to connect the dots on the red herring or think too much about what you hear in dialogue. Fast forwarding on this movie (especially in the first 40 minutes) and you really won't miss much.
