Steven Vasquez instructed and co-wrote with James Townsend, the star, this strange little drama with horror flick with obviously very good ideas and intentions: Make a gay movie that takes a different story from the usual fare and make a drama that wants to Be judged on its benefits as a thriller. So why doesn't it work? Initially, the movie loses direction from the opening frame and wanders rather speechlessly throughout the film that has died on an exciting thriller, but becomes sidetracked to satisfy an audience wishing to see naked encounters. Not that is a bad thing: it can certainly improve some movies that have been Hollywood successes. The film also tries to talk about getting out of the experience of young men and women, relationships, disturbed parents, the club scene with all the wild antics that accompany such events - and murder. It's too little to stick into a 96-minute movie. <br /> <br /> All-appearance Devon (James Townsend) is a successful kid with a friendly girlfriend Jenna (Sarah Kelly), but he has an eye for boys and visits a bar where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson) who has been down the same path and can offer Devon assistance at all levels. Devon comes out and the mysteries begin: Boys lacking in the neighborhood, Devon's pinpoint psychologist Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not at all what he seems to be, and despite Devon's comforting mother, Donna (Sonja Fisher) Devon is thrown into the streets because of his new relationship. It seems that Dr Tyler is in a dark business with hunky Detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who apparently examines the missing boys ... Devon gathers his resources from his understanding sweetheart Jenna and her cronies and together reveals the dark actions of the group from Dr. Tyler and his detective sidekick. And throughout it, Donna exudes warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors are pleasing to the eye (and there is very little eye examining frequently!) But the degree Action is at a low time. The only thing that makes us forgive it (and in some cases it is just too poor to forgive) is the feeling of commitment from everyone involved. Yes, it's a low budget movie and yes, the director needs time to learn his trade. But in the end there is something to say to the people involved to try to take a gay movie to another level. Maybe their next will be more polished. Grady Harp
