... and not in a good way. BASEketball is a waste of movies in every way. It is offensive to all senses. This doesn't necessarily interfere with me, I've seen lots of bad movies, really bad movies before and want to see them again. BASEketball, however, is a caliber film where you regret that you eat 90 minutes of life sitting through it. The reason why BASEketball insults me is that it's Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they didn't write. Any respect I had for David Zucker has long since depleted. His recent ghost film is lazy fairs that look like they were made by pre-pubescent boys sneaking at penis jokes. "Airplane" was a revolutionary and very fun comedy that sees BASEketball, you will be surprised to find that they were made by the same person. I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the funniest and smartest comedians in mainstream entertainment today. Their images and South Park episodes are just as relevant as they are fun. Any joke, even though the game has intelligence behind them. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way to turn to immaturity. I imagine BASEketball was a great growing experience for them because they hate the movie for all the right reasons. It is a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone have essentially mocked themselves. The movie plays as a 90 minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been good actors. They have been useful in their films. I can't really find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, except the fact that it feels like the spoofer's a ghost film, which spoofer a ghost film. Each line is delivered in such a stupid flashing way. It is as if they are trying to get the fun of the worst of this type of images, and yet they become the same. I am reminded of the South Park episode "How to Eat with Your Butt", where Cartman sits in a movie theater that sees a brutal out-of-plot comedy or plausibility except to gross out, Parker and Stone use the same voices they did in the scene for this whole picture. It's really sad. <br /> <br /> And that's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest gripe with the picture is that I sit there and by Parker and Stone following this follow this piece of crap script. I know if they took the awful thing and rewrote it that this could have been saved to the point of being visible. There is no indication that Zucker lets them improve scenes either. Parker and Stone are just tools for a poor director. BASEketball has some fun concepts, and I think Parker especially if he was allowed to take Zuckers script could have deepened them more. Instead, we get potty humor. Don't rent BASEketball, you can get the same laugh and see a group of character schoolers who are playing around
