I gave this movie a 5 out of shame. My intention is not to burst any bubbles because I have seen that I have skimmed through other comments that this movie is much appreciated by many. Now it's no praise, and I say that because I've seen the original anime, Basilisk, and this film is deeply ashamed. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you like it. It's comfortable because of the well-choreographed fights based on imagination more than martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is deeply improved. But the story is nothing like the original. Now I understand that when you transform an anime / manga into a movie, you have to make some changes. I didn't expect to see the freakish characters from anime, even though they have a well-established role, and some are really deep and well-designed. But I certainly hadn't expected to see big and wrong changes that largely ruined the whole story. Signs that are dramatic and unethical mutilated, turned into something that the public might love more, perhaps. For example, Oboro, who in anime is a sweet, innocent girl, completely and completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a ruthless clan leader in the movie. I liked the fact that the woman gets strong and avoids the limitations imposed on her in the era (we are talking about Japan, the 17th century), but her mood swings are incredible and poorly written. Hotarubi, one of my favorite characters in the movie but not known for its childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic little girl who is not only crazy in love as in anime but is more or less worthless in the plot. I could go on and on, just like how they made Tenzen, the worst and most dangerous character in anime, unusually weak and incoherent, or how Gennosuke, the leading character seems completely wrong and confused, not to mention again weak. The music is beautiful and the picture is amazing, which was expected of a Japanese movie, and I appreciate it for that. But do not look at this if you have seen and enjoyed Basilisk because it is just hopeless. Basilic is, although it is based on imagination, with elements of horror and greatly exaggerated, stunning and has so much more depth in its characters, history, historical value and I can say heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time, and I couldn't believe it continued to go after what was going to be climax. Alas, it makes me deep to judge a movie so hard, but I advise you against it. Please see the anime or at least watch the movie first and then repair your image of what Basilisk really is about to see anime. Otherwise you will get a seizure when you realize how they have massaged it.
