It seems a pity that Greta Garbo completed her famous career at the age of 36 with this ridiculously wrong identity competency. After the success of her first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubitsch's masterful "Ninotchka" (1939), where she was ideally cast as a strong Russian envoy, Garbo is reunited with his leading man Melvyn Douglas for a sitcom-level story that plays her Karin Borg , a plain-Jane ski instructor who impulsively marries publisher Larry Blake when merged with her. When he clarifies that work is his priority, Karin unintentionally decides to mask as her high-living twin sister Katherine to test her husband's allegiance when he is back in Manhattan. It is surprising that this infamous 1941 misfire was directed by George Cukor, who led Garbo to her greatest dramatic performance in the "Camille" of 1937, because it is as flattering a vehicle as one could imagine for the screen legend. Only one person with Carole Lombard's natural sense of lightness and evil could have won away with the shenanigans presented in "the-numbers-script" by S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to unite and Americanize Garbo's image of the war team audience felt by the study leaders during the tragic periods she favored in the thirties. <br /> <br /> However, Garbo looks most reluctant to look like the fake girl Katherine and especially compared to expert colors such as Douglas and Constance Bennett as romantic rival Griselda. Photographed unflatteringly by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo looks tired in many scenes and frighteningly in his shrewd hairdresser for the "chica-choca" dance sequence. The story ends conventionally, but with the addition of a long physical order, where Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountaineers who unfortunately remind me of Sonny Bono's death. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare appearance at this time of her career) appear in cartoon supporting roles like Douglas' associates. This movie is not yet on DVD, and I would not consider the priority of the transfer, as it represents a curiosity in Garbo's otherwise legendary career. She was allegedly quite unhappy during the film. I can see why.
