You may be a little confused if you see this stupid - because from the start, since Susan Dey's credit list as "Special Guest Star". Um, why would sometime MOW like this have a guest star? Well, if you stick to it, you'll pay attention to little more than Mrs Dey's butt, angling in a floral bikini as the "Partridge Family" house baby throws on the beach, as the imaginative title highlights. Susan's derriere is especially compelling when she shakes it on the camera while she is tormenting and puzzling her pseudo-disaffected brother in a weakly incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Susie and her tush fight a lost battle: Jiggle TV craze that could have laid the bottom over the top was three years away, so the sweet boot just gets a supporting role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman wanted to put it straight back and used this flick as Susan's audition tape for "Charlie's Angels". As it was, our Susan was denied cheesecake immortality and had to settle for a very commendable career playing gloomy, neurotic women. The view over Susan's heinie, it must be said, is not very convincing. The scenery is neat and photographed in a bizarre, fuzzy way that briefly fools you into thinking that maybe there is widespread creative intelligence at work behind the camera. Nix. It is just a typical thrill-challenged 70-inch thriller that allowed the week's series to make some extra money (and pick up some cable remnants, though of course they didn't know it at that time) and show their "reach". "Here we are treated on a television-scale nuclear family that squares against television scales that cannot determine whether they are a motorcycle band or a hippie cult (hence filmmakers share the difference by putting them in dune buggy) and have never learned one of the primary lessons of the 1970s television: no mess with Dennis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel") .The only potential for depth in this movie is in Steve's aforementioned teenage son character, played by the long-annealed Kristoffer Tabori, who was to be rebellious and uneasy and might feel sympathetic to and attract to the lawless mob who (presumably) threatens his family. But Steve, played by Tabori (gosh, why didn't we watch this wunderkind anymore?), Is actually just grumpy and moody and is not a bit in conflict when big D gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial (and literally) true, for sleep deprived and Susan Deyniacs (there may be only some of you out there).
