When this movie is played on TV, you might save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special here that you should see. The story is about two married couples from Arkansas going on a trip to Reno. Couple number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and has problems with her marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a low self-meaning of herself and they have not been intimate for a long time. Lonnie has slept with Candy (Charlize Theron), the wife of his best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all drive to Reno and the four are in a luxurious suite. Roy and Candy have tried to get a baby and finally Candy discovers she is pregnant. But Roy phones his doctor in Arkansas and finds out he's sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit their affair, and now the whole trip is in chaos. This movie is directed by Jordan Brady and he has made a couple of other low-budget movies, but this is his first with a cast this impressive. Unfortunately, Brady doesn't show much comical flair, but you can't blame him. This script is just not fun, and one of the clear problems is that the character is written down to sitcom level. Just because they are all from the south does not mean they must be naive and idiotic. Thornton's character doesn't have the sophistication to tip bellboy more than a dollar. And Swayze's character is called stupid and silly by everyone in the whole movie, and one of the rare good moments comes when he asks everyone to leave him for at least one day. Penelope Cruz emerges as a prostitute, and it is a completely worthless and meaningless como. She hardly speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she met a commitment for Harvey and Bob Weinstein, who are executive producers for this movie. The only one who is actually not bad is Richardson. We see her becoming more confident, but this plotline in the film is very obvious and cliché. All these players should know better, and it's hard to figure out that they all read the script and liked it. It is a complete waste of time for these actors, but at least they were paid. As for the viewers, you will not get paid, so skip this one!
