(David H. Steinberg's script originally seemed to have some real clever points that could have made good romantic comedy BUT BUT, oh dear! What ever happened in the way ??? !!!! <br /> <br /> I'll tell you what happened. Originally it was (Animal House - 1978) and (Porky's - 1982). Although it was a long time ago, but it is the pioneers, the godfathers of the new genre: the raw teenage comedy. Then came the 1990s. After important cases, smashing hits (repulsive I add) as (Problem Child - 1990), (Dumb and Dumber - 1994), (The Nutty Professor - 1996) and (Something About Mary - 1998), which I think slackers is influenced by the peak of the era and the prophet of the next era, the only and only: (American Pie - 1999), which is undoubtedly and incomparably a genre's icon. After that, I think any comedy of that kind must be so much dirty, to be admired by the youth otherwise it may be out of fashion! I think that (Slackers) had a smart plot first as a script when its decision makers got to add some really large amounts of rudeness, modesty, strange shameless sex to be made - these days - as easy as pie! Like they had to fill every scene with free elements like: masturbation, oral sex, urination .. etc. Just to see a la 'state. They are completely unnecessary elements for the story, but they are so necessary to earn the profit and to capture the latest fashion in making teen comedies. The problem is, how all this has already replaced any comedy in it. <br /> <br /> Some of its moments looked literally awful and what you see is the point. It's all in (Jason Schwartzman's) appearance and performance; memorably disgusting to the extreme. So the ambition transformed from being the romantic comedy to making what was not done before by pure skinning pictures. To be more like a horror where you constantly ask; What would nasties do? (vomiting, farting, etc.); Even if you hated it, you have to love something (mostly brave), for me it was only Gina Gershon's cameo scene. In any case, they designed it as a whole in order to attain abuses of indignation as a cheeky dream of a youth. Although most of it was close to someone's nightmare. What made me sad is that this in its core was a real potential job, and not another cheap, another stupid comedy that it eventually managed to be. Remember the details of stealing the exam (the first 2 minutes), so the movie's main plot (viirdo trying to reach a girl by squeezing cute guy) through the pattern of (boy loves girl and girl loves another boy), that's nothing other than a sincere schlock. It was about its material, the sticky way bunch of dirty college boys who didn't get anything to do, but to make mawkish quip out of something would do. It ended up being, and I'm sorry to say it, a smiling sh * t! <br /> <br /> In its end, it said something (can you imagine!) about how it is time and place for the deceiver or the bad to win, like this comedy itself. It sounds good end up yet for yet another better movie; who could assure my opinion of this as smart. One time! And it doesn't need much to understand that the film makers were the right slackers! Perhaps being stupid is a way to be smart in Hollywood, but though .. The final result here was not least witty of any meaning of the word. <br /> <br /> PS: Its scriptwriter (David H. Steinberg), who also wrote the story (American Pie 2), has a main page on IMDb, where you find under "Further Details" his usual "Plot Keywords" who are: Sex / Vulgarity / Crude Humor / ... They just forgot to write Urineing while roaring or baring 70 year old women!
