Slackers is just another teen movie that is not really worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are graduating from Holden University with honors of lies, cheating and scheming. The three roommates have proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now, during final exams, these great men on campus are being busted by the most unlikely guy in school. The reason is very stupid and there is no reason to see this unless you want to turn off your brain for a while. Slackers is just a predictable teen girl who really doesn't add anything new to the genre. Comedy in Slackers is either hit or miss, but there is nothing really true fun or original moment in the movie. It's really just a collection of gags and some are actually fun. Although for any joke that seems there are at least eight more that do not. The manuscript is full of penis and breast jokes that some high school students and college students can enjoy. Although they do, they will not remember this movie after a while, as it is not a very memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays the freaky Ethan and after appearing in some good comedies he has bent quite low. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are the other biggest stars, but they do a pretty bad job in this movie. This is directed by Dewey Nicks and this is his first movie so you can't blame him too much. The funniest sign was probably Laura Prepon, but she's not much in the movie. The movie is very short in just 86 minutes long, but it may be too long for some people who don't really like this type of humor. Slackers is not the worst movie in 2002, but is certainly below average. Compared to other movies in the genre, there is much better out there like Not Another Teen Movie, American Pie and its sequels, Scary Movie 1 & 2, etc. So unless you've seen most of them and you're looking for something new then Slackers Take care of that bill, but it's better if you just see something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 a below average teen comedy worth the jump.
