There are many movies that have set release dates, only to be deducted from distribution due to a legitimate snafu of some sort, and then put in limbo for a long time. You can only want a movie so cluttered as "Slackers" remained in a coma for what it is worth, which is insignificant. Release dates were continually shifted for this truly horrible movie, so much so on the radar it deserves. The premise starts under the guise of Ethan, a creepy geek with a scary obsession for campus bombshell Angela. Ethan devilishly covers the help of David and his friends who have scamming the school for their entire extortion races to help win Angela. I don't like giving out spoilers, but for a piece of shit like this I can make an exception. Angela falls for David, Ethan deliberately screws everything up, the good guys win. That's what happens in a nutshell for another tired retread of the teen gross genre. Gross humor is fun, it has always been back to the immortal classic "Animal House" days, to the contemporaries like "There is something about Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens of others, of which there are too many to mention. But when you use it as a plot point, you can only get that far, at least, Ethan has an Angela doll composed of her individual threads, as he does, God knows what about it. No one will witness seeing Ethan walking in the shower while singing for himself. No one wants to see a young man singing "She's coming around the mountain" with a sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for the full visual attack on seeing the 50's bomb booth Mamie Van Doren wore her breasts at 71 years old. I do not know if it is history's lack of coherence that cuts to scenes that make absolutely no sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing this film, one can only wish that he returns to the profession. The worst thing you can do on any movie is to make it look like you're having fun, because you detract from your goals, just as "Slackers" do it by burying the plot outlined under a heap of coarse gags. , meaningless vignettes and lack of construction. It's as if a bunch of college students got drunk, took a video camera and shot a lot of random crap and gathered it together. If you want to see a teenage comedy that is actually good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House" or "Road Trip", just something that is entertaining and not terribly bad as "Slackers". Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz plays a como in this movie, just as she did in another bad movie like "The Sweetest Thing," where the story deals with gross humor as another plot rather than a device similar to that disaster. If you walk past "Slackers" on your local video store, just keep going and let it end at the bottom of the shelf it deserves.
