I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for the late works of those he considered great cineasts and that the normal spectators are generally considered artistic errors (such as Renoir or Chaplin's very first film, yes, "politique des auteurs" also have its dark side) . But with "Les Amours d'Astrée et de Céladon" it is as if Rohmer himself wanted, for what could be his last film, to continue this tradition of great directors who made a movie of the senile by adapting Urfés "L'astrée ", with ridiculous aesthetic codes, the witch just looks like a parody of Rosselini's last movie (those he made for television from Descartes or Marx's life). <br /> <br /> In his version of "Perceval" Rohmer refused to film real landscapes to give a rewrite of what might have been a medieval classical representation of things. The director has apparently changed when the XVII century is involved, and film actors dressed as 1600's farmers recite their antique text surrounded by modern trees and landscapes. But everything looks even more ridiculous than Luchini and its false trees. It's not that the story itself is stupid, but the way Rohmer blends naturalism with artist seems so childish and amateurish that it quickly becomes involuntarily fun (and I'm not even talking about the annoying pronunciation of the actors, the annoying and sad humorous attempts by Rodolphe Pauly, the ridiculously soft erotic tone, the bad musical tentacles or the weird fascination for trasvestisment!). The radical aesthetics of the film ultimately make it a joke that mixes a soft-erotic film made for television with theological scholastic discussions (sic!). At the beginning of the film, Rohmer teaches us that the original French region of history is now confused by modernity, and so he had to film "L'Astrée" in other parts of the country. However, I am sure that the film would have been more modern and interesting if Rohmer would actually have filmed the same story in a modern area with the same narrative codes and artistic decisions. This movie may interest some historians, but most of the cinephiles can laugh at this last and sad Rohmer movie.
