I usually do not write a comment when there are so many others, but this time I feel like I should. I've talked about taste in another review and say it's all in the eyes of the guards, but when it comes to this movie, if you like it, it simply means you have bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. I loved the "Isle of the Dead", which is basically an unknown B&W movie. I even liked "Scream" and "Scary Movie" I liked these movies because they have, if not much, at least something good about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the movies I've seen because they tell a story I haven't heard before, and most directors only make movies with a good story. Throughout this movie, I thought, "Where is it going?" (even at the end) "Where did they get these horrible actors from?" "Should it be a joke?" and the like. With the obvious twist threatening, I was skeptical, but hoped it might "make" the movie and prove that I had not wasted my time. Unfortunately, I was wrong. The story was bad at first, and the twist actually destroyed some glimpse of hope. Here's a rundown: Storyline ?? Much like the first movie that was okay, this is slow and scanty with no audience relative to the characters or situations. The situations are cringeworthy and low and totally boring and predictable. Twist was terrible, it didn't make me feel like excitement or WOW. Just "My GOD." There was nothing in the bulk of the movie that you could look back to and think "Oooo wasn't that smart" because it wasn't. In "Fight Club" there are flashbacks at the end that show bits where Tyler's true identity was cryptically shown, and when you saw it again, you saw more, it really was a genius work, how it was written, posted and corrected . This was a pointless attempt at a fantastic twist. I think it was "wild stuff" that had a pretty bad double twist, and I liked the movie because the rest was ok and it wasn't too hard to be a big twist. Its like the CI2 writer thought it was the best twist ever. But really, it's just a bad story with a bad twist dumped at the end. The film ended almost immediately afterwards, with the whole movie lapsed by Sebastian's entire history built up meaning nothing and a terribly half-forced, paedophilic end with a particularly young and innocently acting girl. Acting ?? the actors in this movie are horrible. Almost as bad a "Sunset Beach." - Extremely corny and poorly done. It's not even that bad, it's good as "Hunk". The worst deal I thought came from Amy Adams, who played Kathryn, it was a stiff, pathetic and ill-conceived performance of her. Robin Dunne was also poor. I haven't seen "American Psycho II" yet, but without a doubt his casual "cool" style has also ruined that movie. <br /> <br /> I can't even say it's a good movie for teens as it is not If my son or daughter liked this movie, I would be ashamed. But they didn't want anyway, as they would take into account all the things that make a good movie that this movie doesn't have. Really. I am disappointed that some have said "you may not be in this age group and so like it." I like all the movies now that I liked a teen and had very good taste. Also, do you really think that when you reach 20+, you suddenly don't like any teenish story lines? No. I liked the "Mean Girls" and other generic teen movies and constantly watch "Beverly Hills 90210". There is no excuse for bad management, acting and manuscripts I fear. Besides, I was 16/17 when I first looked at it. If something is older, you get a better judge for a horrible movie. I can't believe anyone can give it 10/10 either, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave it the 9 I know might be better. It's a shame for this site that people do it, give 10s flipping or not get movie / show, and then give it 2. <br /> <br /> Anyone who liked this movie should really vary their taste, and perhaps their life, and with this realize that this is the worst movie ever made. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a teenager with a bad taste or simply does not have a bad taste, you will definitely hate this movie.
