Okay, usually I'm not that hard on followers, especially if the first movie is done well and in the end was a good movie. For 1999, I feel that one of the five best films was cruel intentions. It had everything a great movie should have, except for an original story that was adapted from a novel, it was still wrong. On to cruel intentions 2, which should be actually open to a series based on the movie called Manchester prep. It must not have happened. In fact, after seeing this trifle of a movie, I can understand. Before the start I started as at least also the author and director Roger Kumble. Now 1 minute in this movie I was disappointed. It starts with a rehash of the opening of the original with another twist sebastian instead of putting the shriveled daughter's naked picture on the net, he puts the school's instructor wife in the school catalog naked. This would have been good if the lady was not like 50. And basically the rest of the movie is a wannabe carbon copy of the original. As I understand, if there is nothing wrong with it, let it be as it was. But you can't do that with a movie. This was actually a prequel I gave it a chance to just see how they appeared as they did in Part 1. But with Sebastian more or less just a prankster and Kathryn is a self and turns the sebastian into the sexual predator, He was in true history, this film had no basis for it. The one who did the casting on this thing was far away. They could at least have tried to get people who looked like the original cast, but no, they just hired a bunch not even really nice actors. I use this expression even though I don't know why. They probably haven't done anything in this movie. <br /> <br /> All this movie is a bunch of liners that do not even match the white that the original had, some of them did, but it was just because they were from part 1. Another bad point was partly, one could understand the need to act out of attention because there was no involvement of the parents, one had it in it, and they were badly used as to show why the children are like this. It worked though. The best thing about the original was that the casting had chemistry they took you into this world. The on-screen excitement that was there made the movie what it was. This thing really destroys the experience of the first, keeping track of this.
