Terrible intentions 2 are bloody terrible, I mean uber-bath. Words can't explain how bad it is, but I give it a try. <br /> <br /> The reason for Cruel Intentions 2 is very similar to the first movie. Sebastian (Robin Dunne) is kicked out of a private school and is forced to move to New York. There he decides to take a new start and just a life a normal life and settle down. Unfortunately, he has to deal with his sister's sister Kathryn (Amy Adams) will pull him down. Sebastain begins to fall in love with Danielle (Sarah Thompson), the innocent daughter of the school principal. Kathryn wants to have Sebastain sleep with the whole school, which had been described as a "whore-house". Kathryn also wants to avenge herself at Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt), who humiliates her during the school meeting. Kathryn wanted to make freshman the biggest slam in school, a similar subplot to the first movie. Cruel Intentions 2 is basically a canceled TV show that was converted into a prequel. There are so many problems with the movie. It is poorly written, unfunny and badly acted. Fortunately for Amy Adams the show never went off, because now she is a pretty big actress. While gruesome intentions had a sense of realism and can be seen as being put into the real world, cruel intentions 2 are set in sitcom country and as described on amazon.co.uk 'a randy version of Saved by the Bell'. There were some dark themes that involved sex and drug use in the first movie, but in Cruel Intentions 2, one tried to make fun, and some of the ideas in the movie should not be as Kathryn had an affair with a teacher. Other ideas also do not function as the secret society where all the popular children meet to discuss other students' downfall. The film also had a major problem with sexualized 15/16 year olds. I know teenagers have sex, sometimes a lot, but when done on film or television, it is treated very seriously. A famous feeling was when Daneille encouraged Cherie (who is about 14/15 in the movie) to simulate sex on the back of a horse to the point where she has orgasm. The idea of ​​turning a girl around 14/15 into a lock is just very wrong with me and should not be a subject of comedy. The jokes in the film fall flat, whether it is a verbal gag like 'she goes completely damp when she sees you' to a visual gag where Sebastian pushes Kathryn's face first into mud. There is very wrong with this movie, which I do not have time to go into, but I say it should be avoided. Just watch Cruel Intentions, while not a classic, is still a decent movie and treat the subject well. <br /> <br /> This movie is just a pervert's wet dream, as schoolchildren have lots of sex with each other.
