I can hardly believe I saw this again yesterday after more than 25 years ... Sometimes I saw 6 Fu movies in a row ... Boris Karloff and all 5 Chris Lees. The last 2 Lees, both directed (and I use this word loosely) by Jess Franco, were disgusting. At that time, I exceeded this one and remembered that it was somehow self-worthy. <br /> <br /> Now I saw it. Never again. Do you know what's worse that a grim movie? A really well made S ***. And that's what FIENDISH PLOT is. It's a very nice movie. GREAT product design, sets, costumes, music, photography, editing, mostly good cast, some decent deals ... <br /> <br /> ... and absolutely positive, one of the WORST LETTERS in movie history! ! !!! AAAUGH !!!!! The first minute of the movie is so misleading ... you can fix this for a decent movie. And then they start singing "Happy Birthday to Fu" ... and it goes downhill. Having Burt Kwouk (of which his master says, "Your face is well known.") Only pour Fu's elixir vitae out to extinguish a fire, resulting in him being sentenced to torture, burial, and get one of his ears turned off, the closest thing was to the fun they had. It was like someone decided that they wanted to make a "campy" movie - so ridiculous would be fun. RIDICULOUS, it's ... FUNNY ... it's not. Not at all. <br /> <br /> It's boring because it's clear in the first few minutes that someone did a lot of research into the Fu Manchu series to get as much of the "real". With another script - either a really delicious or a dead serious one, they could have - could have - had a classic on their hands. A movie that could have made one forget the horror of these Jess Franco atrocities ... instead of doing one, would like to dig them out as masterpieces, compared. <br /> <br /> There was a period in the late 70's when a whole lot of classic 30 characters were revived in films that were universally horrible. Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Tarzan, The Lone Ranger, Charlie Chan, even Doc Savage. I'm not sure this can be the worst of the party. It took great self-control not to speed up entire sections of it, especially scenes containing Sid Caesar (FBI chief, who was also Al Capone's cousin - you see what I mean?). It's not just that the ideas in the movie aren't funny ... they often make no sense at all. Like when they "audition" police officers to imitate the King and Queen and we turn up, people see "audition" dance-hall routines like singing, dancing and riding a bike. How many substances do the authors of this thing have to take for some of this to make sense to them? As I said, a shame ... and a real waste of all that talent, including Peter Sellers (who played both Fu and Nayland Smith), Burt Kwouk (who had been in a Chris Lee Fu movie in his time), Helen Mirren (police woman who is shockingly in love with the villain and the dam approaching, steals the film's last half hour!). I'm starting to wonder if anyone ever wants to make a "real" Fu Manchu movie, or whose fans have to pay for Karloff's almost all?
