Worst movie ever, this is a statement that people here on IMDb often throw around. Whether it's a Uwe Boll movie, bad classics like Manos The Hands of Fate or the latest no brain summer action celebration from Michael Bay, people are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that they write on the table that there is nothing worse in the film world. I envy these people because they are happily ignorant and unaware of how deep the rabbit hole with crap film production really goes. There are movies out there so bad, so hideous, so unintentionally fun and so ridiculous that cultures form around them to celebrate their horror, and their discussion forums are the best places on the internet because everyone agrees that that movie is really so bad. <br /> <br /> Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Ben and Arthur, an 85-minute gay, who is so bad that it is much like a violent car crash, you know it's terrible, but you can Don't stop looking at it. The soul's self-asserted "Hollywood actor, director" and I can add beach whale Sam Mraovich, this movie is historically horrible. Let me give you a tip on how the ego ran this project. Sir. Mraovich not only ruled this movie, he wrote it, produced it, performed it, scored it, edited it, and finally starred in it. This is a man who is so dazzled by his own ego and then believes in his non-existent genius, who, as a person with an ugly child, does not understand how catastrophic his genius creation really is. <br /> <br /> Everything in this movie fails at an epic level, the play is the worst you will ever witness, the plot is the most ridiculous, editing and filmography being the most amateur and even the music is like nails on a blackboard . I realize that I have been a bit tangled here, but please believe me that this movie is really as bad as I describe it, I would say that this movie is the horse's bias cut into a film roll but the truth is It wasn't even shot at movies, it was shot on a digital video camera, not much better than what was in your closet right now to gather dust. Don't forget, I forgive low budget for movies, provided the concept is interesting, for example, as much as I didn't like it. The Blair Witch Project showed that low budgets can still lead to an atmospherically interesting movie. Ben and Arthur do not have a good concept to fall back on, although this movie was shot on a budget of 20 million with Hollywood's finest actors, it would still suck, the plot is so terrible and the characters are even worse. One of the main characters Arthur, portrayed by others than Sam Mraovich, is one of the most clever, shabby little beasts ever put into a movie. You won't like him within 5 minutes of the start of the movie and at the end of the movie that hates it will have become a real disgust. Apparently, Mr Mraovich forgot that we should mess up the hero. <br /> <br /> I don't want to spoil the entire gut hilarity, you will see this movie (which I urge you not to pay for) so I will give you two gentle mild examples of how stupid this movie is , tame and mild as in among the slightest mistakes in the film. In an average we hear one of the protagonists say how "they know a good lawyer and will give HIM a call", the shot falls out and falls back and this HIM they talked about earlier is actually a woman, a pretty spectacular Mistakes in post-production I think. The second is simple, seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer, the characters are asked to fly to Vermont, then we are cut to a shot of a plane landing among palm trees in a sunny area. I've never been to Vermont personally, but I'm sure you won't find any palms there. <br /> <br /> Imagine this kind of stupid amateur affair stretching for almost an hour and a half in combination with ridiculous dialogue and plot and then multiply it by 10, and still won't fully prepare you for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst movie you've ever seen in your life and imagine it even worse, and you still won't be at the same level as Ben and Arthur, but this movie is really that bad. <br /> <br /> But we should be happy in a way that movies like this is a true rarity. They give us hope that someday we can become film producers ourselves or that we can be writers. Simply because we get a new one, found confidence in self-confidence because of the fact that we want to know that nothing we produce, no matter how amateur could be as much of a sweet party as this. The worst movie of all time has finally been discovered, and it is called Ben and Arthur.
