Oh man, what did Sam Mraovich think? What was someone involved in this "movie" thinking? Mraovich is the leader of almost everything of "Ben and Arthur": Director, writer, producer (also EXECUTIVE producer!), Caster, lead star - you name it, he did it. And he (Mraovich) sucks more than anyone has ever sucked in every department for film making. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with this movie? Everything. The film is about two gay lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich * groan *). Ben and Arthur want to get married in a world where everyone in principle hates gay people. To make matters worse, Ben's crazy "ex-wife" (they don't exactly), Tammy (Julie Belknap) is steaming that Ben has left her to another man and requires Ben to come back together (says she can be gay too!) and Arthur's Christian devotees, too hypocritical, just as clever as Tammy's brother Victor, hell is bent on making Arthur turn right and then trying to kill him after being kicked out of his church . <br /> <br /> The movie is totally shocking a block of so many goofs (ie, Ben and Arthur fly to Vermont to get married - they go there on Alaska Airlines and Vermont has palm trees they fly back on a FedEx load plan - hope they were comfy in a wooden box plus many many more) and plot holes to start (Victor calls kill Arthur "The Final Plan", which later changes to "The Final Deed"; Arthur and the private (internal) detective run same car, blah blah blah). The "actors" are all very bad and are the way, way above the top; The script is ridiculously horrible (such an example is "I don't make sense, you have no meaning! It makes sense, it makes sense!") and so much more wrong with "movie" that I can But the most ridiculous Yet amazing things about "Ben and Arthur" are that Sam Mraovich believes he has created something really great (see his fake "Ben & Arthur" reviews and obvious comments from him on YouTube.). Mraovich is narcissistic, and his arrogance blinds him from seeing how horrible anything with his name is. <br /> <br /> Finally, forget about any bad movie that you claim is the worst movie ever "Ben and Arthur" will knock them straight out of that title even though Paris Hilton movies look like " The Dark Knight "in relation to the monstrosity known as" Ben and Arthur ".
