I have no idea what on earth or beyond could have made Sam Mraovich believe that this would have been a worthy project to accomplish. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst movies ever made. In fact, I see no reason why it should not be at # 1 on the bottom 100. For though I have not seen, for example, SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (# 5 at the time of this publication), I would venture to guess that The film is significantly better than this troubled wound, because even in its stupid gloom, at least Baby Geniuses 2 was professionally made. On the other hand, everything, and I mean everything, in this movie means totally unprofessional. The movie is intended to be an attack on Christian Right's supposed bigotry and hate against gays. And I emphasize "calculated". Not only completely and completely failing in its purpose, it also leaves an ugly scar. Instead of creating a compelling and realistic portrait of a gay party's struggle against a society that largely opposes them, it creates weary, wrong stereotypes of each party involved. Ben and Arthur, the pair of names, are portrayed as two raw, sex-hungry and hopelessly romantic cardboard carvings that marry the change of law so they can do it. This meets the opposition to Ben's brother Victor, a Christian minister who, like all Christians (like this movie would have us believe), is tall, curious, stupid, and violent. He tries to kill Ben and Arthur after his associations with them get him kicked out of the ministry. Like in real life. And if you think it's terrible (that is), you haven't seen it all. <br /> <br /> The actors (?) can completely destroy any credibility in this movie by saying their lines as if they are telling a YouTube comedy video. But not even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando as title characters could have saved this clunker, for there would still be the complete inane and ridiculous dialogue that takes up every minute of the movie. Each scene has at least one awkward or misplaced quote. For example, in a scene, Victor tries to complain that he can't get nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of portraying this idea clearly, he spits out the stupid, completely confusing, whiny-sounding line: "You know what I'll never get any nieces or nephews, okay, because you're so F *** ED UP! "<br /> <br /> Even more sharp is the complete lack of production values. Yes, I know this is not The Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers should know some basics about special effects and editing. For example, six dots with red cake color are not sufficient for realistic spores. People do not teleport across a room between takes. And objects do not fall FORWARD when shot! <br /> <br /> Don't waste your money on Ben & Arthur. I don't care if you are 7, 17 or 107. I don't care if you are gay, straight, bisexual or indecisive. It doesn't matter if you are "just curious." I don't care what pathetic reason you might be tempted to buy this dung pile. Stay away, far away. The only redeeming quality of this film is its ability to be used as a Frisbee.
