I made the big mistake of actually seeing this whole movie a few nights ago. God, I'm still trying to recover. This movie does not even deserve an average of 1.4. IMDb must have 0 voting rights for movies that really deserve it like this. A 1.4 is too high. <br /> <br /> I had heard how horrible this movie was, but I really didn't think a movie could be so bad, especially in this day and age. I figured all the cheesy god horrible movies were only from the 1950s and 1960s. I was wrong with my god. Trust me people, this movie is really that bad. It is beyond terrible; it is beyond pathetic; It is beyond any kind of words that I can think of for it. BATTLEFIELD EARTH looks like the best picture of the year compared to this movie. SNAKE ISLAND (which until now was the worst movie I had ever seen) seems to deserve a couple of Oscars compared to this pathetic effort. I don't seriously think that the decision makers of this movie thought this was a legitimate serious effort to produce a Hollywood movie. It's not something called a movie. For the first 25 seconds of the movie, I seriously thought I saw some high school theater classes trying to make a short movie. Or better yet, I thought it was some Saturday night Live ripoff shit of the real thing. I mean, it looks like this. The action is horrible; the whole movie looks almost like it was shot with a 20 year old VHS camcorder. the special effects ... well good gentleman Bewitched from the day back had better special effects than this movie. The scene where he gets shot at the door is beyond ridiculous and beyond cheesy. I mean seriously, my intro to Acting Class from 4 years ago in college, we all could have composed a better movie than this. And the worst part of the whole movie, where Arthur is naked in the bathroom. Oh my god, I almost do it right there. I have a strong stomach, but wow it was terrible. Some people should never be naked and he is one of them. The reason for this movie just seems to go nowhere. They are talking about legal issues that we never hear again; Ben tells about getting into music that we never hear again; Arthur says he is looking for a job and money for college and the next thing we see is he runs a porn shop. Everything about the movie is just awful. <br /> <br /> This really doesn't have much to do with my criticism, but just so everyone knows I'm not a gay man. However, I support homosexual rights and believe that we should all be treated as equals. And I want to support every gay person in my church, unlike the cruel priest in this movie who, incidentally, seems to cuss every other word. (WHERE IS F * (# * ing white out?) Hahaha But I didn't want anyone to think I hated this movie just because it is about two gay guys. It has nothing to do with it: This would have been just as terrible of a movie if it was Ben & Jill instead of Ben & Arthur. <br /> <br /> I just looked at this movie to see if it really was as bad as they say. it was even WORSE than I had read. Let this be a warning to everyone: ONLY Look at this movie if you just want to lean and laugh at how pathetic some movies in the 21st century can still be. movie and actually expecting a good movie or some entertainment, i have no sympathy for you at all. <br /> <br /> At a final thought: How in the world are 7 movies classified under this on IMDb? No way, there are 7 movies out there that are worse than this!
