The whole crap this movie was bad. I saw it as a joke. It is not even so bad that it is good in an unintentional way. This movie seemed to be designed to personally make me angry. It worked really well by doing so. It's as if the people who did this just took all the really annoying things about the movie PRIEST, added in a bunch of ugly dudes, took something interesting, fun or even externally sexy and wise out of the collection and then added in a bunch of old rotten cheese. That's all this is. Cheese. There isn't a single person that this movie might be able to connect to. There is no universe that this movie could possibly take place in. Why can't a movie like this just be about enjoying life and being happy? Why should they make this already stupid idea for a movie even more ridiculous than it already is? Why couldn't they at least try not to make it a good movie or even a B-movie? Now that I think about what the hell they were trying to do with this movie? I watched it expect a campy love story and instead I got some boring student projects about an idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry his girlfriend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy everything !!! No, I'm not funny. It's about it. Sounds good? This film is rather ignorant of people of the Christian religion, as it is stereotypically of all Christians to be haughty, rude and hell to make as many people as miserable as possible. Many Christian people I know would never speak or act like these freaks. However, the film is just as unfair and ignorant to gay communities. These must be the most tastefully designed stereotypical gay men since the guy at the radio station on the ROADKILL video game. It's so nervous and just annoying to the point that I couldn't fully pay attention to this movie. The authors of this train wreck had no set design, acting, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity or idea to make this entertaining or interesting. There is not even a single sex scene, or at least not a credible one. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie who looked great, but unfortunately his beautiful appearance was wasted. These are the trash can. In a perfect world, this movie would be voted for a 0.0. It's worth 0 as a movie alone. A mentally handicapped nun who is blind, deaf and has small bones for arms and legs and whose face is placed on his armpit can write, directly and produce a better movie, and she would probably also be a better actor. The fact that this movie exists is a crime against the word "movie" itself. This movie is so bad that other movies have to be ashamed to be available in the same watchable format. I could put a broom in a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the movie and then replace it with a mini x-mas tree and record it and I have already made a movie that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR with at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and see BEN & ARTHUR. I am gay and I would probably be the gay person you will ever meet if you've ever met me and I don't think I've ever been more offended by a whole movie than I was in the first five seconds of this movie alone. If this movie was a mistake, I will personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's okay to make mistakes" to "It's okay to make mistakes, unless that mistake was BEN & ARTHUR." You know how people always say things like, "Good stuff comes out of everything!" I believe that BEN & ARTHUR were invented, so there could be something on this earth that nothing good would ever come out of. Calling this movie is the worst movie I've ever seen, giving that way too much credit. It is as if this film was designed precisely so that it could qualify in a category of its very own. There are good movies that are bad movies, and then there are BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN and ARTHUR.
