Perceived by synopsis (every gay video has these days a check on the cover, it should not necessarily be interpreted as a good sign) I bought BEN AND ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is my second (and I assure you it will be my last) purchase of a CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. As far as I'm concerned, this DVD is nothing but a blatant rip-off. I do not make this observation easy ?? I am a great collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I can say with some authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR are simply the worst movie I've ever put through in my life. Period. My collection boasts over 1,600 movies (93% on them on DVD) and of them, well over 300 are gay and lesbian themes. I hardly own any gay movie ever made, but I'm comfortable saying that I almost buy almost all gay videos of interest that are being released and very often I buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes this gives a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, It is in the water, Urbania and Normal are all examples of excellent homosexual titles that I accidentally stumble upon. So when I read the box that BEN AND ARTHUR was worried about a conflict between gay lovers and Christian Right, one of my favorite subjects, I decided to take the lookout invisible despite my previous disappointing purchase of another CULTURE Q CONNECTION title. VISIONS OF SUGAR PLACES. The movie was pretty bad, but compared to BEN and ARTHUR it looked like GONE WITH THE WIND. So what was so wrong with BEN and ARTHUR? Lots! To begin with was "plotted" as it was quite ridiculous. This movie made me almost sympathetic to Christian Right ?? We are asked not only to believe that a church would expel a member because his brother is gay, but that a priest would actually create a gay couple to save their souls (as it makes sense). The script is so bad that many scenes do not make sense at all, and more plot points do not reflect any logic, follow-up or connection to the story. Murder and violence appear to be acceptable ends to the homosexualist / right-wing conflict on both sides, and the play is so bad that it is difficult to imagine how anyone in this movie was hired. The characters to be equal are almost without exception clearly homosexual - and nelly stereotypes to start; Homosexuals are neither sexy nor interesting. This movie is enough to discourage anyone from buying gay theme videos forever, and the distributors have to be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage this image has over my second CULTURE Q Connection purchase, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a soundtrack with a clear dialogue. Hardly distinction as the script is so incomplete, understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this movie really is. It is an embarrassment to the Queer culture, and I intend to warn anyone I may be before wasting their money on it. At $ 9.95, this movie would have been too expensive; I understand that it will soon be re-priced under $ 20, which is still highway robbery. I paid the original price of $ 29.95 and I never felt cheated in my life. The only real laugh associated with this drive is the reviews ?? I have seen "user reviews" for this movie on many websites, and there is always one or two who "praise" the director / author / actor in such a way that it is obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this Ed Wood wannabe. How sad. How desperate. I just want IMDb to allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero. If a movie deserves it, it is.
