If there was a movie that deserved a 0 out of 10, it would be. 'House of the Dead' redefines the term 'bad movie'. Other bad movies, like "When a Stranger Calls" or "Premonition", will actually look much better compared to 'House of the Dead'. The basic "plot" of the House of the Dead is a group of twenty somethings traveling to a remote island to participate in the "rave of the century". When they get there, they only find some tents, a bar, a stage and some bloody t-shirts. They decide to stay no matter, and they will soon be attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie. It's not entertaining. Instead, it is painful to see because of how terrible it is. The action is incredibly poor. In a DVD interview, one of the players claimed that Uwe Boll, the director, is not afraid to tell anyone when they are doing a good job or a bad job in a scene. This is a blatant lie. The script appears to be written by an 11-year-old who decided to include a scene of someone throwing up on a girl's breast and including the hilarious line, "it smells like someone jumped out here." The characters have no personality or depth, and they do some of the most moronic things ever seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters are also magically transformed into a SWAT team to take down the zombies. It's like they don't even have to target their weapons, and they automatically shoot the zombies in their heads. <br /> <br /> The scariest thing far about this movie is the director. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's camera work is amazingly uneven. His pans for zombies running through the forest are more stupid than threatening. Even worse, Boll actually thought it would be a good idea to include small bits of footage from the House of the Dead video games in the movie. Often, and in most random times, you will suddenly see an animated zombie being shot. It makes no sense. No one in their real mind would think it was a good idea. It's as if Boll repeatedly reminds us that this movie should be based on the video game. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be cool to include slow motion 360-degree rotating shots during action scenes, la la 'The Matrix'. Unfortunately, he does it all too often, and every shot is nauseating. The soundtrack to this movie also cheats the mind. Most action scenes are accompanied by loud rap track. This also adds to the following headaches caused by the terrible 'House of the Dead'. <br /> <br /> 'House of the Dead' is not bad because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with the video game. It does not fit into the category "so bad that it is good". It does fit into the "so bad that it is painful" category. This movie is simply naughty. Uwe Boll should never be anywhere near another movie set. Even his presence will curse a production. For all directors out there: When one of your movies gets a bad review, all you have to do is remember that you didn't make 'House of the Dead' and you will feel much better. I will never get the 90 minutes of my life back. To sum it up, words really cannot describe just how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this movie, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of himself. Although what I have said can make 'House of the Dead' sounds funny, it really is not. Nothing knows it's fun. Avoid this at all costs.
