When George C. Scott played the title role in "Patton" you saw him steering tanks with pumps of his fist, shooting at German dive bombs with a revolver and spitting the fate of both parent and subordinates. The most action we get from Gregory Peck as "MacArthur", a figure from the same war with debate-like achievements, is when he taps billboards with his finger and raises his famous eyebrows. Comparing Peck's Performance with Scotts may be unfair. Nevertheless, the invoice "MacArthur" was made by the same producer and scored by the same composer asking parallels, as well as both the films open with the generals addressing cadets at West Point. It is clear to me that the filmmakers sought to imitate the Oscar-winning film of a few years before. But while Peck sees that part more than Scott has ever done, he comes out as mostly gentle in a story reminiscent of drama than a Wikipedia review of MacArthur's later career. <br /> <br /> "To this day, there are those who think he was a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the greatest men who ever lived," says an opening title crib. It is a typical dish of post-Vietnam sophistry about those who led the US military, much of its time, but what we come here is also not shown. MacArthur, as presented here, does not anger or inspire the way he did in life. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Sargent, who continued to tear down the famous turkey "Jaws The Revenge," does a paint-by-number job with gentle combat montage and some obvious use (as when the Chinese attack US forces in Korea), while the script of hal barwood and mathew robbins boasts a macarethur that comes across as benign to the point of blend, a bit too caught in its public image, but never less than decent. <br /> <br /> Here you see him leaving the landing vehicle, making his return to the Philippines. There you see him addressing Congress in his "Old Soldier's Never Die" number. For a long time, he is sitting in a movie theater in Toyko waiting for the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel so that we can continue with the story while news sheets footage details Japan's rise from the ashes under his enlightened rule. Peck's contributor, Marj Dusay as his devoted wife ("you are my finest soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a loyal aid, are burning tears in the eyes of their companion's grandeur, but giving no interest alone. <Br /> <br /> Even when he argues with others, Peck never raises his voice and mostly wins his arguments with thunderous eloquent. When Admiral Nimitz proposes to delay the return of the Philippines, a point of personal pride and tactical concern for MacArthur, MacArthur comes back with the comment: "Right now, when I listened to his plan, I thought our flag fell." Without a doubt, the real Nimitz would have had something to say about it, but the character of the film just bends his head and reluctantly accepts the insult in President Roosevelt's presence. <br /> <br /> The only person in the movie where MacArthur disagrees severely with Harry S Truman, as Ed Flanders does a good job, despite a prosthetic nose that makes him look like Toucan Sam. Truman's firing of MacArthur should be a dramatic highlight, but here it takes place in a quiet dinner conversation where Peck plays MacArthur as nothing short of a brilliant martyr. <br /> <br /> I've never been sold by Peck standing at the top pantheon of screen stars; He delivers a great presence, but lacks complexity even in many of his most famous roles. But it is unfair to dock him so much here as he gets some help in defining MacArthur as something other than a talking bore. Except for two scenes where he shines against the surrender of the Philippines ("He beat Old Glory and ran into a bed sheet!") And another where he has a mini-break while waiting for the US invasion of Inchon, which weighs against Communists He undermines at the White House playing Peck really Peck here, not the complex character that inspired the famous sobriquet "American Caesar." The real MacArthur could have been worthy of such a comparison. What you come here is worth less for Shakespeare than Shakes the Clown.
