Okay, so I'm not a big video game buff, but was the game House of the Dead really famous enough to make a movie from? Well, they went so far as to put fast video games throughout the movie, as if justifying a particular city of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same, with the hand at the bottom of the screen, supposedly your own, Keep whatever weapons and goo-ing any type of alien or dead or sniper or whatever. <br /> <br /> It's an interesting premise in the House of the Dead, with much of college kids (LOADED college kids as it was kids who are able to pay some fishermen something like $ 1,500 just for a trip, When they miss their boat, try to get to this island for what should be the rave of the year. The first thing that comes to mind about House of the Dead after seeing it is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror movies have become more than an exercise to come up with creative ways to get one lots of sharply dressed teens into exactly the same situations. At least in this case, the fact that they were going to a rave apologized for the way the girls are dressed. They look badly out of place, running around in the woods in cute little limp tops, but at least they thought they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, telling the most interesting character in the film, delivers a truly horrible performance whose grandeur overshadows every other actor in the movie. I can not stand firm when well-known actors change their accents in film, it is so rarely effective, and Howard shows here that it is as flat to have a known actor as if he is this hardened fisherman with a raspy voice from years of breathing salt air. He didn't even rap well. It sounded like he ate a cinnamon roll before the shot and accidentally inhaled some powdered sugar or something. Really hard there, Clint! I expected more of him, but again he accepted a lot in this mess. When we get to the island, the movie becomes temporary on Friday the 13th movie that took place at Camp Crystal Lake. Lots of teenagers played by actors who were too old for their parts to be naked and then killed. The necessity was impressive, but we can consider something in a moment. These kids pay almost two grand to get to this island to go to the Rave of the Year, find no one, and say who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled the stack of hundreds out of his wallet to get them all over, didn't think any of them found a full bar and not a single lonely person in sight. Here you have input from director Uwe Boll - There is alcohol! They will not notice that the party they came to consists of none, but themselves! <br /> <br /> Not only do they start drinking, but remember that the whole party seems to have left the island, but when one of the girls goes out into the dark forest to find out where everyone is (pulling another girl and one of the boys reluctantly together), the guy and the girl behind to be smashed will decide that it would be a good idea to strip down for a quickie now that they are alone. It was as if they were expecting to find the island empty, and now that the rest of the people they came across were away for a while, they would have some privacy as there are no others around. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Now for the things everyone hated, judging by the reviews I've read about the movie. Yes, intersecting images from the video game into the movie, mostly to show it, yes, the movie was faithful to / direct copying of the video game. Sure, it was a stupid idea. I can't imagine who was thinking of the little nugget but worse than it is Matrix-style bullet-time scenes that were thrown over and over and over and over again. After the first time (at which time I found it pretentious and cheesy for a movie like this to get a shot like that as if it was something original), it is noticeably more for the actual technique of shooting than a dramatic meaning or creation of any kind of excitement for the movie. <br /> <br /> One of the things that make a zombie movie scary and get you on the edge of your seat is to make them slowly but relentlessly come after the living people who are much faster, but become Tired, run out of places to drive, and with a scary lack of things to fight with the zombies. The first two are finished right in the movie, the kids are terrified and do not have many places to drive as they are on an island, but when they crossed over with a smuggler, they find themselves heavily armed. And I think this very strongly. I think these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades, which removes most of the excitement of impending wanderings. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. When rave never happened, and I think since Uwe Boll thought people should be disappointed not to hear any techno music in the movie, there is a scene right in the middle where all people are fighting for the living dead and surprisingly it turns into something of a music video. There is techno music blowing as the images are edited together faster and faster until it is nothing but a gory shot blur, mostly only about 5 pictures long (which is about 1/6 seconds) flashing across the screen in time with speed techno music. Clearly, I think, but it has no place in a horror movie because it completely removes any sense of sharpness or tension from even the widespread effect, because you cannot see a thing that is long enough to respond to. You just look at these shots flying over the screen and wondering what the hell the director was thinking when he decided it would be a good idea to put something in the movie. <br /> <br /> I've seen many people compare this movie with Resident Evil, mostly claiming to copy the premise for it and they're just right. I appreciate it at least here, as was not the case with Resident Evil, it was not a man-made virus that made people go to death who could infect other people, change them as vampires make others vampires. 28 days later was also clearly an inspiration for this movie, it is just too bad that House of the Dead did not make a single original thing, except for the somewhat moronic idea of ​​putting fast pictures of the video game on which it is based on, only if you forget it. I really think this should have been a much better movie. Although of course I can't say that I know a lot about the game it is based on, the title and movie post deserve a much better movie, but unfortunately I think it is more often than not with horror movies. It's really sweet when a movie comes out that is so obviously advertised as an unlocked horror movie, and the scariest thing in the whole movie is the final shot, suggesting the possibility of a sequel.
