There are people out there who want something green! That's the only explanation I can offer why House of the Dead movies exist. And it's just scary for the whole movie. It is so bad that you want to go off film forever. I seriously wanted to turn this off and turn the TV on to the Paint Drying channel, but I was bound by my word to like it all. I don't know why I do these bad things for myself. <br /> <br /> As it matters, here is the basic story of "history". A group of twenty somethings is so desperate to go out to an island in the Pacific Northwest (Canada actually, because it's cheap) to the "Rave of the Century" (consisting of about 8 people and un-raving music) that they paid some scary old fishes $ 1000 to take them there after they miss the main ferry. It must be something rave to be worth all the dough! The fisherman warns them that the island is also known as the Island of the Dead (hang on - I thought it was HOUSE of the Dead?), And that they are all doomed to yadda yadda. <br /> <br /> First mistake here. Why should a small little rave (in the century my foot!) Be kept on some remote islands? Why would anyone willingly pay lots of money to get it? Why pay even more to the shaken old fisherman to take them back, as they could just come back with the others? When they arrive, they discover that the raven (which consists of about 2 tents, a small scene and a port-a-john) has been smashed, there is blood everywhere and no one is around. What would any rational thinking person do? Of course, run for their lives. But no, these clueless, obviously blind people decide to look for them. Soon they will discover an old ramshackle house, which is 50 times larger on the inside as it is from the outside. Another half hour of stumbling in the woods follows as an excuse to kill some of the smaller characters, and after much tedium they return to the house again. The characters, like the movie, don't go anywhere. <br /> <br /> Encountering this horrible disaster is an abundance of gibberian dialogue, horrible plays, mumbo jumbo shows, and zillions of clips from the once popular slot machine of the same name. Why this was universally accepted as a good idea with the filmmakers, I never know. The clips have no reference to any of the scenes and further degrade this trash if possible. <br /> <br /> It has nothing to do with the game saving for some cheap throwaway lines on end. That makes Resident Evil look like biographical glory. Hell, even the Double Dragon movie seems multi-Oscar worthy of this junk. The only one who comes out of this with his dignity still intact is Jurgen Prochnow. He might just have taken his money and jumped, but he tries his best with the horrible script and brings a little bit of pathos to his character. The rest of the cast sucks I'm afraid. The characters are idiots and deserve to die. <br /> <br /> Plus, if you cut the hard and pointless nudity, I see no reason why this movie can't be shown on Saturday morning TV. It's not scary at least. Pirates of the Caribbean are more scary than the skeletal bad in this movie. And where did all the bad guys come from anyway? There were few people on the island to begin with. I think it justifies the reason they chose to reuse recordings over and over again. I do not ask you to see the same zombie die a dozen times. <br /> <br /> Who is ultimately to blame for the scandalous celluloid waste? No one other than director Uwe Boll. His control over the film is non-existent. You can clearly see that the actors have no idea what to do and that the zombies don't take it all seriously. The actors seem to be reading off cue cards as they are constantly pausing in the middle of long sentences and continuing to talk as soon as they see the next card. It all feels very unnatural. <br /> <br /> Plus the movie is shot as a two-part mini series. I have actually seen better TV productions. And let me not start editing. The movie is a disjointed babble with thousands of thousands of pointless shots and dozens of pointless cameras. No real skill or talent was put into doing this at all. It scares and boggles the mind how the movies this incredibly bad can get done, and George A. Romero can't even get anyone to take his calls. House of the Dead makes some idiotic references to Romero in a lazy attempt to be 'postmodern', but it only annoys that they think this is in the same league as a real zombie movie. It is worth the 1.85: 1 anamorphic image looks good and the Dolby 5.1 soundtrack is clean but very unimpressive and only serves to pronounce the heavily used ADR even more. The DVD comes with extras, but why torture yourself. Isn't this review enough? Stay away! You are all doomed, I tell you! Doomed! Doomed !!!
