Lynn Hollister, a small town attorney, travels to the nearby big city on business in connection with his friend Johnnys death. (Yes, Lynn is a man despite the feminine-sounding Christian name. Were the screenwriters trying to make a narrow reference to John Wayne's birth name being "Marion"?) Hollister thinks first Johnny's death has been an accident but soon realizes that Johnny was murdered. Further studies reveal a website of corruption, crime and electoral guards associated with Boss Cameron, the leading light in the city's political machine. It sounds like a plot of a gritty crime thriller, possibly made in film noir style that began to become popular in 1941. That's not it. "A man betrayed", despite his theme, is more like a light romantic comedy than a crime drama. Hollister falls in love with Cameron's attractive daughter Sabra, and the film focuses so much on their resulting romance as on the thrillers. <br /> <br /> This movie can only have worked if it had been done as a fair serious drama. One reviewer says John Wayne is not at all credible as a lawyer, but he could not play a cowboy in each movie, and a fierce belligerent lawyer who manages organized crime would probably have been well within his compass. Where I agree with that reviewer is when he says Wayne was not the Cary Grant imitator. Romantic comedy just wasn't up his street. One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that the actors could be obliged to play something their bosses demanded of them, whether or not they were on their way, and when Wayne was one of the few great stars to work for. Republic Pictures Unfortunately, he would get as much mileage out of him as they could. <br /> <br /> That said, Cary Grant herself couldn't have made "A Man Betrayed" work like a comedy. It is not a reflection on his comic talents; It is a reflection on the total lack of entertaining material in this movie. I doubt if anyone, no matter how well-developed their sense of humor could be, could find something to laugh at in it. The light heart of the movie does not make it a successful comedy; it just prevents it from being taken seriously as something else. This is one of the films that are neither fish nor meat or birds or good red herring. 3.10
