First, I didn't know anything about 'Mazes and Monster' until I saw it. I had no knowledge of the role-play controversy behind it or the fact that it was a Made-For-TV movie. When I looked at the cover (the updated DVD one), I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like 'Legend', with Tom Hank as the nerdy from the 1980s who entered a mythical world to save a princess from an evil maze filled with monsters. Sounds exciting, doesn't it? That's what the cover suggests to you at first glance. I got this movie as a gift, of course under the same premise, because my aunt knows I'm in action movie with a medieval myth theme. And that has Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I popped this movie in and expects a good movie with Tom Hanks in an 80's special effects world that would be good for a laugh. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Now before I continue, I confess I am a geek, but I have no interest in role playing. That's all this movie is about, so my interest in the content is lukewarm at best. And M&M (copyright infringement?) Is not even an emotional role-playing movie with lovable geeks that use their imagination to enter a world of awesomeness. None! This is an anti-role play that must be made of some religious folk (the same people who also believe that Barney is Satan's work.) I understand Satan is a sly guy, but I don't think he is desperate enough for the soul to drag RPG lovers to worship him. This movie is THEE anti-gamer movie. This is what I get from this movie: it hates RPGs, and it doesn't just make fun of the people playing role-playing, but it makes poor Tom Hanks a psychic patient. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse for Speaking with a volleyball in 'Castaway', poor guy was alone, but somehow Tom did his madness and you literally volleyball as a loving sign through Tom's good acting. I wish I saw that movie instead of this. In this movie, Tom is attacked by a make believe dragon creature (it looks like a badly made mascot for an RPG team) and has a split personality that is at best spooky. Tom's plays only exceed to make you feel bad for his character and nothing else. I understand that the poor guy lost his brother and was not right in the head because of it, so the movie wins points to be intentionally tragic. I'm not one for movies that utilize mental illness, and the end of 'M & M' has made me feel like cr * p. Fortunately, I saw "Hudson Hawk" afterwards and got a good laugh before my soul was crushed further. Yah, 'HH' surpasses 'M & M'. . . a lot! This is not one of Tom's better movies. In fact, it's the most depressing movie I've ever seen him in (Even the 'Saving Private Ryan' isn't this depressing). I was hoping to see a good movie and I ended up feeling the opposite. If you want to see a sad (both emotionally and visually) movie then look in every way. If this film is to convey a message, it is like: "Don't play RPGs if you're a Coco Puffs guy."
