The psychology of this movie is really strange trying to find out. Its often billed as an anti-RPG movie, but it's really not that simple. Here are apparently contradictions that make me wonder what (if any) they are trying to say about games. They introduce all individuals into all the domestic life contents with introduction, all with parents who are divorced, alcoholic and totally out of touch with their lives except the times they hardly push them to succeed. Tom Hanks is undoubtedly the worst, has just failed another school and is still dealing with a brother who disappeared and may be dead. <br /> <br /> It is mentioned a few times that they play the game to work through problems in their real life. And last but not least, when they go to see Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and well-adjusted, embarking on their adult career, solving problems, gaming gone (Daniel doesn't even want to design computer games anymore), and Even Robbies mother, who has been constantly full and dissatisfied, is suddenly Happy Homemaker, who looks fresh and bright and arranges flowers. Of course, JJ suddenly (and quite cheerfully it seems) decides to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be solely because he is a lonely boy genius who can't get a date, and not because his character dies as in the famous Jack Chick channel (which in any case, and it almost seems like he does it on purpose, so he can finish Daniel's game and get everyone to play his. In fact, the prospect of live-action role-playing in the caves seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing himself!) And in what can be the coolest tableau scene in the whole movie, Kate looks a lot in the chain mail, looks right at the camera and says something like, "The scariest monsters are them in our own mind. " <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element in this movie is the two muggers that pass the rich couple so they can rob the dirty, homeless look of his magic prayers. The recurring theme (a "way we were" in the 80s) could have been exciting at the end, but as a way to kick off a movie is even depressing and seems out of place. And to a last mystery, our hero, wearing full Pardu regalia, has a psychotic pause, becomes his character complete and begins his quest, so of course, the first thing he does is switch to 20-year-old street clothes. <br /> <br /> So maybe the movie is irrational, but I'm guessing to deal with an irrational topic. These days, a circle of children with dice and pencils was considered sober and possibly obsessed, and you could go insane if they spoke their mumbo jumbo to you. Anti-game paranoia is basically summed up in the first scene where the reporter asks the police what is going on, police said a child lost in the tunnels and there is a chance Mazes and Monsters are somehow involved. The rep admits to being vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows his own children to play it), then turns to the camera and rolls out of a polished spiel that blows the game for everything and admits no opportunity for another explanation. In the end, it is not a masterpiece, but interesting as a movie for television.
