A few weeks ago, the German television company SAT1 announced this movie as "The Year's TV Event" - sorry, but I've seen better things on TV this year. <br /> <br /> I didn't think much of the movie, but soon I traveled on two other horrible movies when I looked at the commercial - the Titanic and Pearl Harbor because the picture looked so familiar: "Heroine" (if I really can call her that in the middle and her two "loved" next to her - Pearl Harbor, anyone? In fact, the love story is a poor man's version of one in Pearl Harbor, and one was already poor! <br /> <br /> But as I like watching movies and analyzing their patterns, I finally decided to see it nonsense. The film begins with a doctor who leaves his family to the military strike against Russia near the end of the third kingdom, which promised his wife that he will return. Now fast until spring 1948: Germany lost the war and the Allies and Russia captured the country, and they both try to eliminate each other for world power and their ideologies: capitalism versus communism. Well, I suppose you already know the story because you have to know it - the movie doesn't make it so much and literally takes a dump on historical facts. The film tries to portray the US government as angels and ignores completely different contributions from other countries during the airlift, especially the UK, which was responsible for nearly a quarter of the rations despite the fact that their country was bombed from a country they are trying to help. <br /> <br /> What was also quite annoying was the historical remarks the people said in the movie, which reaches the heroine's mother telling her daughter that Germany can be divided into two with an answer like, "It's impossible!" Or when Stalin (where the director thought we were just keeping the same way, watching mustache on the actor and he'll look like him) says Russia should stop "Coca Cola" from spreading in Germany. Yes, if Stalin ever said something like this. Or there is this one American pilot who tells his colleague about a loaf of meat and everything in it - thank you! Burgers were invented WAY before that time. <br /> <br /> In the movie you can even see a map showing the airlines. It's fun enough that the card looks as if it came straight out of a laser printer - in '48. The American general Lucius Clay, whose main site was to stay in Berlin, is portrayed as a guy who is mediocre and grumpy, and all the ideas he historically had. The airlift and the improvement of the idea came from the fictional character Phillip Turner, the love interest of the greatest actress who leads me to other aspects: Not enough African American soldiers in the movie, who were like two in the whole movie! Also, relations between US soldiers and German civilians were not allowed, and by such a relationship the American soldier would have been sent home. I don't want to say that there were no relationships at all, but in this movie there were a couple who almost married. If it wasn't for the pilot's death in his fake CGI plan that looked incredibly unrealistic especially CGI fire! <br /> <br /> If that wasn't enough, all Americans in this movie spoke accent-free German, although they were only in Germany for a few months - see, I'm also an American living in Germany for my entire life and even I have a small accent. It was particularly bad that the child also appeared - the children had two expressions on their faces: "Normal-I-look monotonous-like-a-robot" and grinning. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie was boring from the beginning to the end moving too slowly, especially the love story, which was the same as that of Pearl Harbor with half the dialogue. The sad part is that the film was very successful - 8.97 million so the first part and 7.8 million the second part the next day so that SAT1 received two consecutive wins in the overall market share and a huge win in it commercially relevant group. But as I always think: The biggest pile of bull-crap is where most flies go.
