First of all, I should like to mention that I really enjoyed ISHII Katsuhito's previous movie "Samehada Otoko for Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although it was due to a debt to Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction", Ishiis was molded up to the task of carrying the story, and the whole movie murmured with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly engaging. There was action, intrigue, bizarre characterizations, enough sex to keep things interesting and a completely unpredictable story. So it was with some expectation and optimism I started to see "Part 7". And my enthusiasm was certainly piqued with the opening credits, which left my wife and I actually stunned by how dynamic and exciting they were; the mix of anime and live action work was brilliant! Then the actual movie started. In fact, it didn't start so much to "start" as a kind of shuffle in the side door and stand there, fumbling through its pockets and looking uncomfortably. <br /> <br /> The whole movie is in three rooms. One is a futuristic voyeur paradise (borrowed a bit from "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is a travel agency, and the third (and by far the most used) is a filthy hotel room. In this room, a seven-character casting meets ... nothing about anything. Really. I am no stranger to "talking" movies. One of my all-time favorites is "My Dinner with Andre", the talking of all talking movies. "My Dinner with Others" is far more exciting, and it has only two middle-aged men discussing their lives over dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The cast of "Party 7" literally throws just to each other for the whole movie. "No, you do not!" "Yes I do!" "No, you really don't!" "Yes, I really do!" "No, you really don't!" Yes, I really ... "you get the idea, I hope. I wish the director had." Part 7 is an incredibly unengaging movie. There are only the bests of plots (money stolen from Yakuza, as in "Shark Skin Man ...") accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialogue. The signs are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii took the agile conversation moments from Tarentino's movie and made a whole movie around them. But Tarentino's conversations always have their own internal logic and humor ("They call it a 'Royale, with cheese' '.) Not so with the dialogue here, which is less than you can imagine. If it wasn't for the short, hilarious cameo from Gashuin (which is always fantastic) and a key feature of the amazing ASANO Tadanobu, I would have given "Part 7" a single star, it was really a task to do it all the way.
