When I had seen the other three, I figured I might as well catch this for the fourth part of The Omen series. As an independent film, this film is mediocre; but as a successor to the masterpiece in 1976; It's a travesty. The film goes along the same route that many series go down when they run out of ideas; It is the idea of ​​changing the male leadership to a woman. It is always obvious that this film was made for television, as the play is very standard, the plot lacks ideas, and the cruel murder scenes seen in the previous three are kept to a bloodless minimum. The film adheres to the original, which I will not reveal as despite being obvious; This revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The basis of the plot largely copies Richard Donner's original, and seeing a young couple adopt a child as they are called Delia (not Damiella or Damiana, fortunately). There is a large dog involved and a child remembers; and soon the wife begins to suspect that the child may not be completely normal; as she is menstruating for eight years and never suffers from diseases ... <br /> <br /> The first two successors to The Omen were not bad at all, and the series really should be finished at number three. I think there was money involved somewhere down the queue as there really is no artistic reason why this movie should have been made. It brings nothing to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing that is likely to succeed is annoying fans of the series. The movie looks and feels like a television movie all the way through and plays mostly like a movie about the unpleasant upbringing of a young girl. In fact, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but she never convinces that she is an antichrist, since her staring is superfluous and most of the evil she does is ridiculous. Faye Grant gets the most widespread role and doesn't impress; While the rest of the cast regret agrees to star in such a terrible waste of time. The only good thing about this movie is the theme state, which of course has been ripped off by the original; and is overused. On the whole, this movie is really not worth seeing; since it delivers something that the series is famous for and does not even entitle it to the weaker second successor.
