And it did. It is through my experience that when a horror movie reaches the "franchise" status and subsequent titles are released, they are all again hit by an inevitable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: Awakening gives no exception to this rule, as another young child assumes their role as the Antichrist, predicted by a religious prophecy. Haven't we seen this before? Wasn't it enough that in the course of three films before this release we saw the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are a horror enthusiast like myself, you will realize that it is common for a horror movie that has many successors and prequels to its credit to fall away in redundancy - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list goes on. At this point in the game I am sure you know what to expect when you are ready to see the fourth title in a series. No matter what, there are times when you sit back and realize how shameless some filmmakers are. Omen IV: Awakening is just that too - a shameless money doing exercise. <br /> <br /> This movie does not offer anything new or exciting to the Omen series. As unique and genuine as Omen IV tries to be compared to its siblings, the similarities and plot units are embarrassingly similar. Pupils like the guard dog, the priest's involvement, the skepticism of the people involved, the image of the beholder (obviously a tribute to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the glass) ... even down to Father's commitment to politics and prestige in society makes it too predictable. <br /> <br /> Although it is common to steal a B-character thrown into a horror title so far into a series, the play is out of the charts, bumped into ridicule and unintentional humor due to some of the poorly delivered lines throughout this film. The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic score composed of Goldsmith in the previous films has been replaced by an auditory debacle; an absolute joke and made me wonder if it was actually supposed to be used for this movie or just pulled from a "bank" of stock audio ... that really says something because I rarely comment on the miserable abuse of a musical score - until now. <br /> <br /> All in all, I would call Omen IV: Awakening a failure. In the world of horror movies that carry a long list of titles behind them, some manage to hit the mark, and some do not. If you are interested in creating a different notch on your breathtaking horror belt that I am completing, you may also want to cut that title into it - if not for entertainment value, then appreciate when a movie is performed properly or badly.
