Omen IV: Awakening starts at 'St. Frances Orphanage ', where husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) receive a baby girl by sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) whom they have adopted, is named her Delia. Initially, it goes well, but as the years pass & Delia (Asia Vieria) grows up, Karen becomes suspicious of her when death and disaster follow her, Karen is convinced that she is evil herself. Karen then finds out that she is pregnant, but discovers an envy record to use her as a surrogate mother for the next antichrist and gets a shock when she finds out who Delia's true father was ... Originally to be directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard, who either finishes or was dismissed and was replaced by Jorge Montesi, who completed the film, even though he was bothered, is a guess like Omen IV: Awakening is horrible and a disgrace compared to the famous predecessors. The writing of Brian Taggert is fun bad, I'm not sure if this nonsense actually looks as good as the written word on a piece of paper, but there are so many things wrong with it that I find it hard to believe myself . As a serious movie Omen IV: AWakening falls flat on the face and it really seems better if you look at it as a comedy poof, I mean the scene towards the end when the detective comes face to face with a bunch of zombie carol singers singing a vicious Gothic song should be seen to be believed and I thought it was absolutely fun and ridiculous in equal measure. Then there is the pointless difference between this and the other Omen films, as this one is a young girl, the question here is why? Seriously, why? There is no reason whatsoever and is not used to any effect at all anyway. Then there is, of course, the stupid twist at the end, claiming that Delia has held her brother's embryo within himself and that in a creepy conspiracy involving a group of Satan worshipers, it has been implanted in Karen so she can food The antichrist is moronic & comes across as just plain daft. In the beginning, it has some entertainment value in how bad it is, but the unintentional hilarity allows for boredom rather than later. It is of course impossible to know how much of Omen IV: Awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi, but you can kind of tell everything was not good behind the camera as it is a shabby, cheap look like badly made movie that was actually done to TV and it shows with the boring, flat and imaginative film and production design. Then there is the total lack of scare, atmosphere, excitement and gore, which are the most important elements that made the former Omen films so effective. The budget must have been quite low, and the film looks as if it was. The most stylish thing about Omen IV: Awakening is the final shot where the camera rises into the air, as Delia goes away in the distance to reveal a cross-shaped cross made of two overlapping paths, but it is the very first shot before the end of the credits roll, that says almost everything. I have to mention the music, which sounds horrible, more suitable for a comedy and is very unfortunate. The play is okay at best, but usually irritates the child. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: Awakening is bad, it's a completely ridiculous movie that tries to be serious and just ends up getting stupid. The change of instructor has probably not helped either, it is still not an excuse. The last Omen movie to date after the original The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) & The Final Conflict (1981), all of which are far better than this.
