I recently decided to revise The Omen Trilogy just to discover that {insert demonic music here} there is a fourth. I do not expect much from it, and in that respect it has certainly lived up to my expectations. If you are involved in watching bad movies for laughs then it may just be the movie for you. Oh, where do we start? <br /> <br /> From the beginning, the movie's "made for TV" experience was obvious. The music was often inappropriately matched to what happened in the movie and therefore (at best) distracting. The scripture had the whole thrill of an 8-year fiction. But one thing that has to be said is that the missing script was very well matched with the appalling play. Numerous scenes left me, whether it was the script or play that was the source of ridicule. The story itself is quite thin and centers on all the crazy antics of Damien Thorn's daughter, adopted out of the wrong and ill-acted nuns. There is the usual mass of mysterious and terrible deaths that personally made me yawn as the "drama" unfolded and the usual third-party researcher throughout the case. Later, through some medical phenomena, Damien Thorn Jnr is born. And that goes pretty much in the plot. The whole thing goes pretty bad right from the start with the lack of excitement that makes the movie a monotonous and / or ridiculous scene after another. <br /> <br /> There were many WTFs?!? moments also give the accidental comedy relief. For example, what about the great overreaction at the start of the movie when the child scratches the mother's cheek? Hardly a 360-degree head-turning omen. I also laughed at the overreaction at baptism. The child is crying and everyone looks very worried. The distressed mother runs out of the church, and the pastor is left behind and looks very disturbed as he crosses himself. Huh? Then there is newborn nanny who seems to have carte blanche to postpone an 8-year-old for all forms of alternative spiritualism. I laughed when the nanny suggested bringing the troubled Delia to a mental fair to meet nanny hippie friends, and her mother just pushed her shoulders and allowed it. "Yes, it's nice, fill in my disturbed 8-year-old daughter's head with all those mystery points. It's cool. I don't have to be there." Of course, it would be expected of a mother who gives her daughter the opportunity to adopt a fully developed Rottweiler, they meet in the street who can bite the little girls, head as a snack. The whole scene at the psychic fair is quite comical in a slapstick way, from the psychic's horrible reactionary stare to Delia, to the subsequent inferno. I also laughed at how the nun dead is considered a "freak accident". Here we have a religious zeal (described as being part of a cult), who fanatically proclaims in a pit full of rattlesnakes to prove how God's glory will protect them. She counteracts the snakes by handling them and SOMEHOW she is bitten several times. Hardly a freak accident. More like a successful suicide attempt. <br /> <br /> The Snakes vs Nun scene was not the only comic death. There is the slow car accident that results in shelling on a school parking lot. Then, the slow-motion demolition ball is led straight to the detective. I think I might have gone and made a coffee as slowmotion only started to come back to see the demolition ball that still went directly to the "affected" detective. Then there is the quintessential who-shot-who-cliché death where a gun goes off and both seem to have been shot for several seconds while they exchanged horrible looks. Then someone goes down the stairs and reveals who the real victim was. In addition, the priest's death at the beginning of the film seemed a little strange and meaningless to me. He runs around looking at the church's architecture. Obviously he finds this rather disturbing, he eventually falls, collides his chest and dies. Apparently something demonic arose as it was what the music suggested. Ummm. OKAY. <br /> <br /> I am surprised that others have reviewed this film positively and especially as a "worthy successor". It's hard not to see the non-sensual script, the unrealistic play and the inappropriate musical score. The film lacks any kind of excitement as it attaches great importance to Delia's "demonic stare" to give a sense of horror that becomes quite annoying after a short while. Bottom Line: This is a bad movie with the only redeeming feature as it is the unintentional potential of being a comedy.
