Only the Antichrist could have been behind such a disaster. One only hopes that this irony was the motivating force behind "movie"! This movie was so bad it forced me to register with IMDb, finally, so I could destroy it. What makes this movie more tragic is that it had such a great source of material! I have never seen a movie where all the elements were so grotesque mediocre to make the result less than the sum of its parts. It may seem insignificant, but I would like to start with the score. As the proud owner of a music degree, I must register my anger! I was torn between laughter and dry heads as I listened to what John Scheffer did to Goldsmith's brilliant score; it was far more cruel than any of the burlesque death scenes, and almost as unintentional comic. It was by far the most inappropriate score I've heard since, yes I really can't think of a worse one. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> As far as the plot is concerned ... I'm sorry. New Age mystery ??? What happened to the original trilogy's gritty realism? In these films (more in the first two than the third, but still !!), the supernatural was mostly implied, and it was this subtlety that made the films honestly credible. Here we have crystals that go in black (call all Skeksis and Mystics !!) and inverted crucifixes to a large extent, although in some scenes crucifux would be quite normal but for the camera's angle. Gone is the refined psychological manipulation that drains the malaise associated with our collective psyche. In its place, a boorish "facial relax" of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. In addition, a leading "actress" so incredibly ENJOYED that you thankfully thank the director for the scenes from which she is absent. Never have I seen a little girl so fundamentally annoying when little Stephanie ruined ALL IN THE FAMILY. <br /> <br /> Other than that, I have no strong feelings on the subject ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are sufficiently clever to make this train wreck of wasted celluloid inconsistent or at least a study of how NOT to make one movie. Viewer beware! May cause vomiting if you are lucky.
