After only 15 minutes of this film, I began to miss Zhang Yimou's earlier, more important film, which looked at China's politics and society from unique perspectives. His turn to martial arts film was a serious mistake in my humble opinion. Absolutely his worst movie since Operation Cougar, with an extremely complex history, was more wood than that found in a John Agar movie. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has studied Chinese films for a couple of years now (and understands and can speak some Mandarin), I am sure my opinion is different from many others since I come from another background. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung fu movie, and it's certainly not a wuxia piano movie. There are no swords & witchcraft or chivalry items here. This is a completely different vehicle than infinitely more portable movies like A Chinese Ghost Story (all 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, et al. While all of them highlighted charismatic leaders who looked as though they were actually enjoying what they were doing, the SMMF has gentle and sometimes ridiculous dialogue combined with cardboard acting. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind person as well as Ben Affleck. There is an air of superiority with this movie that is really offensive. It takes itself so seriously, it just becomes a huge joke at the end. All the actors look as if this is the most important part of celluloid in history, they destroy any chance of actually conveying emotions, and the complete humorlessness of it really makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou himself made a movie or just a showcase ( ie an "ego booster" for Zhang Ziyi. The camera literally does with her face, and she is sexually assaulted not once, but twice in the movie. Her plays really have not prolonged beyond her ability to play a naive "w" itch. She is so concentrated on her plays, she comes across as cold and lifeless, as if she is reading her lines from a notecard. It's so much fun to hear American critics and filmmakers (like the completely clueless Quentin Tarantino) calling this movie a masterpiece. I guess if they see a bunch of Asian actors on the screen that look really important while flying through a bamboo forest, they are fooled into thinking it is brilliant filmmaking. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, while still retaining his trademark style, editing and attitudes, lacks the vitality and originality of his earlier films as a Chinese ghost story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately, the wirework in this movie is really subordinate, and if there is underlying / clear wirework, then you probably haven't filmed it at high speed. The same goes for the special effects that have a distinct B movie feel to them. Prayers, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords and other random items fly through the air (after being thrown) regardless of logic, turning, climbing and banking as if there is a small pilot inside. I know that the logic does not really fit in stylized Chinese martial arts films, but if you do not want to generate a lot of giggling from your audience, then you probably have to work on your compositing a little more. The mass mododrama, unintentionally funny dramatic moments, boring battle scenes, really uninspired plots, are what await you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is obvious that Zhang Yimou is no longer filming Chinese audiences. This is supposed to break into the western market, just as CTHD did. Having seen Hero and SMMF, I have come to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood movies, he is definitely out for the right start. SMMF is basically Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts films. And I thought it was bad.
