OK, so I rented this clown-like-chainsaw massacre-esquire movie, not expected much, but I liked the new approach to a serial killer movie. (From the back of the box is the following synopsis) "At first it was just a joke - a campfire myth - for five friends who lived in a remote cabin in Texas Woods. But when they began to disappear one-by-one replaced by scattered bloody body parts and voodoo performances, the remaining few scramble for their lives. But he is out there and he is sick. And all he wants is blood ... "So of course, it does not go It is not sensible: Why is this clown in the forest to begin with? Why a clown? Why are their dolls with the word "food" drawn on them? Why Why? Almost something is answered in this 1 hour 30 min. drill a party except where this clown lives. The characters are stupid guys, stupid girls and a hell of a lot of bitchiness. One in particular is a girl whom they brought from a restaurant up the road as they thought they should help because she was hassled by a guy she knew. What guarantees it as an excuse to bring a girl into your circle of friends or their cabin? Of course she starts planting seeds of jealousy because the men have sex with her by feeding their stupid mind everything they want to hear. <br /> <br /> The music was an average affair (standard frantic keyboard music as in every horror movie with no differences). The actors seemed to be brought from some soap opera as they complained and whined about everything. The idea that the main guy in the movie takes this girl to the cottage as their first date makes a terrible date, but of course she gives him unrealisticness on the first night to know him. There was hardly a budget spent on anything, but there was a clown suit and lots of cheap $ 1 stores popping up in the woods, which was a terrible no place to shoot all this movie (been done too many times). I also waited for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters in the film (through the glass perhaps), but nothing exciting as it ever came into the movie. I guess you just had to think that the clown was a killer or something. I had to give the movie a 3. It was an interesting premise (clown like the Texas Chainsaw Massacre character in essence) and I will give them a star to act seriously all the way, as the movie could have been completely B- movie-style video, but they chose the more legitimate video format. But in the end I would probably have felt renting Killer Klowns from Mars video again before going back to check this out. Oh, but it covers art ... pretty awesome drawing.
