Lucky me! I got a sneaktop in this pathetic little shot in Texas 'horror' flick from Artisan Entertainment a week before the hit video shelves and let me tell you ... I rarely laugh as hard in my life as I saw this terrible megabomb flying from the rails and steals the title "worst killers clown movie ever made" from the insufficiently stupid Full Moon fiasco Killy (I'm sure many of us scary fans have suffered through one!) From all indications were shot at DV and it looks Not really so badly known for digital, but boy does it ever fail in any other area where it counts! The story (small and cliché as it is) goes as follows ... An executive (Ken Hebert, who also scripted and co-produced with the director) takes skeptical employee Tracy (Amanda Watson) and horny married couples Mark and Susan (Hank Fields and Chris Buck) on a weekend getaway to a (gab) secluded cottage '12 miles' from the nearest town. On the way they pick up a bitchy / slutty hitchhiker (Melissa Bale) in a bar and end up at their destination, where a nocturnal campbook narrative of a murderous clown stalking the same wooded area becomes true when each of profanity-yackin, the pot smokin Friends disappear one by one, with only mutilated doll parts left to tell the tale of their destiny. <br /> <br /> The Kill Clown doesn't even come up in the movie until the end, and it looks nothing like the demonic depiction of it on the video box (except being morbidly obese). It essentially uses an hour prancing around the woods, chopping wood and blabbing nurseries rhymes. I can't say enough bad things about the cast, especially the two guys and the hitchhiker chicken, who either deliver their outrageous dialogue with a minimum of enthusiasm or excessively at the most inconvenient times. Doesn't really help that the script is complete and complete without excitement, originality, intelligence, general context or humor. I could go on the day on how unattended this movie is, how many continuity errors there are and how amateurish the whole production is, but I just want to nod by pointing out the whole package is quite a rebellion in the Boy-This-Suger well in the way. <br /> Also note that the movie has been released here in the US as SICK (SERIAL INSANE CLOWN KILLER). It is currently cataloged under its (original title) by GRIM WEEKEND. <br /> <br /> Result: 1 out of 10
