Far from giving the caffeine park you would expect from a movie that shares its name with the most energizing warming of hot drinks, Coffy is struggling and never really over being just a creepy revenge story. In fact, if the movie was a cup of coffee, it would be rather weak and watery, filled with a few unwanted dregs and flaws in a long-lasting aftertaste. Occasionally, it hits the spot, but otherwise it's not the hot action drama it hopes to be. <br /> <br /> Plot-wise, Coffy is a nurse who takes the law into his own hands and delivers hard justice to the drug-pushing, lady-pimpin, mob-suckers who hooked her younger sister to a depraved , disease. The socio-political commentary on the situation of urban black youth in America is prominent in Coffy, and it gives some thought-provoking things like Coffy crusades against political corruption and the white establishment racism that deserves and acts as a parasite to targeted African American minorities. Unfortunately, the timely messages of the film's poor quality and lack of focus are undermined. Coffy's ideas are important, just because they are not well-targeted. <br /> <br /> One of Coffy's plus points is the presence of the Blaxploitation icon Pam Grier. Grier goes into her role with gusto and makes for an appealing heroine as she hails into the foam in her often spectacular actions of vigilante violence (how do you handle a house full of caps? Drive the car right through the front door!). It's just a shame that history wavers on occasions wasting time squeezing as much sexual exploitation as possible. The low budget may not have helped, but it does not mean that Coffy for a Blaxploitation flip is missing groove. Just as the problems are undermined by the lack of quality, entertainment and excitement are therefore skewed by moments of dullness and misdirection. The overall result is workmanlike and wood. We get a hip heroine but not a hip movie. It is a shame when Coffy has her moments and should rightly be considered a key movie in the Blaxploitation craze; It never rises to be an average lukewarm number.
