How do I begin to review a movie that will soon be recognized as the 'worst movie of all time' by the 'worst director of all time?' A movie that could develop a cult because it's so bad it's good? An analytical approach that criticizes the film seems both meaningless and part of the bandwagon syndrome - let's bash freely without worrying about backlash because all other people on earth are doing it and the people who like the movie like it for the mistakes , we would quote. <br /> <br /> The universal bad quality of the movie goes without saying - 'Sixteen years of alcohol' is not without title competition of worst movies, so it has to sink pretty low to acquire the title and hold onto it, but I think this movie could go in the distance. IMDb does not allow enough words to quote all the movie errors, and it's much easier to place the items 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol' is right. Unfortunately, these moments of glory are buried in the shadows of the film's poverty, that is, a task that is not worth pursuing. <br /> <br /> My impressions? I thought I knew what I was entering, I was warned to drink more cups of coffee before I sat down to see this one (wish the proposal had been cups of Vodka). Despite my low expectations, I failed to "entertain sixteen years of alcohol" to entertain myself at a "fun with the bad movie" level. Not just bad, but uncomfortably bad, as if Jobson deliberately tried to make this movie a poetic jab, but went overkill and pushed the poetry into our throats, which made it not deep but fun. .. and apparently did Jobson sincerely try to make a good movie? Even after seeing the 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol' advertising books, I find it hard to believe in Jobson's sincerity. Spotless and unpleasant to the end with a series of laughs / chuckle moments (all I'm sure no one is appropriate) seasoned the movie and the few elements prevented me from turning off the DVD. So bad is that good? No. It was just enough "I can't believe it's a serious movie moment" to keep me off and no more. Definitely a movie to watch with a group of bad-filmmasters. Get your own ongoing comment to go. It would have greatly improved the experience for me. It's so bad that Mike Myers comments in his cod Scottish accent on what it runs to make this whole slam a comic farce "Okay, dear ma man, send me annuities gliss of that wiskey".
