I feel like I've had it, it's on, don't fall for it. After reading glowing reviews (the director was a film reviewer with Sky for years, he has to have many press players ready to make him a favor by writing positive reviews) I expected solid plays, atmosphere, excitement, strong characterization, an exciting plot development and poetic moments. Unfortunately, "Six Years Alcohol" does not deliver the criticism of critics, mostly sacrificing these qualities instead of cheesy low-budget special effects (what was the cliché web site in there for?), Unrealistic battle choreography and mindless mind numbing narrative, cliché edits and camera angles. 'Sixteen years of alcohol' starts interesting with some beautiful spells in Scotland, but it's just downhill from here. Unfortunately, instead of spending some time building the atmosphere, creating signs that we might care about or building excitement - the director chooses to start driving you crazy with obviously indulgent, heavily assaulted voice. The main characters are so unsympathetic and are so poorly behaved - the audience doesn't care what happens to them, desperate actors do desperate things ... like this movie! To make matters worse, "homage s" (typical of a director trying to pay his rates to former gentlemen) is either completely cliché or unconvincing. The soundtrack is the only thing that lifted me and kept me in the cinema, but even failed to support the dramatic narrative that connects a time to the action. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the movie became increasingly erroneous and quite frankly annoying. Anyway, I looked at it all damn! <br /> <br /> I guess I liked the attempt at gritty realism in the movie, but even it was destroyed as they were often cut with weird and abstract, sometimes pointless scenes. You don't need a big budget to make really fluid movies, so much has been said about how little money they have to make this movie, half a million is not a bit of money ... SO DO NOT APPLY! Sometimes I wonder what the actors ... Or their agents thought! Beware of this turkey unless you are masochistic or mindless anyway .... NOT MY SAFETY <br /> <br /> 1.5 / 10
