I couldn't believe this movie dates from 2007, it all had the appearance of a below-average seventies horror-flick. Do they not know modern special effects or CGI?!? Didn't they know that the violence in a suspected horror and / or scifi movie after the millennium should at least be a bit graphic? Or did I get the purpose wrong, should it be a deep and meaningful story of man and animal, tied together in the great cycle of life or a warning to humanity not to disturb nature or something? It doesn't matter if it turned out wrong, and for me this movie went on all accounts. <br /> <br /> First of all, the premise is very unlikely. If at any given time you can replace a total eye, no responsible medical scientist would start his very first human experiment on both eyes at the same time, it is completely unprofessional. And to do all of this apparently without informed consent from the patient? And why on earth choose eyes that have a completely unusual color for humans and make the victim look like a freak?! By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the movie had puppy-like normal dark eyes, could they not have been waiting for such a test? The story is paralyzed, it's about this poor guy Aaron who gets these weird eye transplants, which suddenly makes him feel like the donor tissue (or at least that's what I'm doing) and then he is being chased by some military men. Especially this last bit is ridiculous. I think I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers with the eyes of night vision!), But since the operation fails because of the patient's apparent nervous breakdown, it is beyond me why they 'go out to kill him. Why not leave him alone and look for another useful recipient? (a volunteer soldier maybe ??). And why try to kill everyone else who is involved in poor Aaron, is it not so steep? Who the hell are these military anyway, I do not hope the US Army or Government, they behave like psychopaths, walk around in the hospital waving automatic weapons, raiding private occasions as if they are following a public enemy # 1 and showing under it ultimate show in the woods a total lack of discipline, as a bunch of dreaded schoolchildren, panic and randomly shoot. Aaron, for an inevitable medical reason, feels like a wolf after the transplant of eyes. Why should it be ??? He suddenly sees visions of wandering wolves. What is this? Should we believe that reminiscent of the donor wolf is in it? S eyes balls?!? And that the recipient of these eyeballs also adopts the wolf's desire for red (life) meat and can jump out of a 30 meter high balcony and land unharmed on his all-fours as a cat (can a wolf also do it? . The action (or lack thereof) also did not help the credibility of all this: everyone stumbled through their lines as wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, she may be right but she can only come up with one expression (confused) and some uninterested mumblings about the power of nature, and it strikes me why Aaron is suddenly over her (but hey, who should probably be at least one love scene!). I really sympathized with the actor Cory Monteith, who seems like a good guy with a beautiful enough face, but they didn't give him much to bring. He has to run around in the bar for more than half of the movie, which might have been fun to watch, but then they'd better pick a person with a more impressive physique, Monteith would really let his shirt stand on. His (few) killings and attacks are hardly shown, we just hear something cruel and weep for fear, and then another victim is lying and Aaron with a little more blood on his face and chest. Not much for a modern sci-fi horror! The only good play came from Justine Bateman, and I can really see how she has matured into a beautiful and stylish petty lady. She did what she could with her stupid lines, and she convinced me to be this doctor with good intentions, but they made her character a kind of a wimp that gets totally bossed by the leader of these military. What a shame the script did not make her stand up a bit more! <br /> <br /> Finally, sum up as a silly and rather boring movie, hardly scary or exciting, with incredible goings-on, much overong National Geographic-like visual wolf images running around forests and slopes (who cares itself?!?), some pretentious Indian ramblings about Man and Nature and an uneven musical score with poppy songs at the most inappropriate moments. I think the word "superfluous" covers everything.
