Hybrid starts as the water treatment plane security guard Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident that leaves him blind. Fortunately, it just happens that brilliant researcher Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman), working for Olaris, has developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Aaron would be perfect for his first human experiment. Hewitt & her team transplant a wolf's eyes into Aaron & he miraculously regains his sight. Brilliant, right? Well, no, not really when Aaron begins to get angry because he sees random pictures of the Wolves and begins to develop a desire for blood. Aaron escapes the Olaris building and starts but he is too valuable to just let go and a full-scale search is mounted to catch him ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Yelena Lanskaya this is yet another Sci - The Fi Channel, which is simply awful in every possible way, I think it probably started life as a 'creature feature', but ended up as one of the most boring and stupid Sci-Fi Channel movies I have seen that does not. T even has some kind of monster or creature. Hybrid is terrible, the script is terrible, and I'm not even sure who it was supposed to appeal to. The original setup is OK when Aaron gets Wolf's eyes, but then hybridizes the sci-fi elements and becomes a kind of horrible drama as it focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state, wondering about doing something special not with some Native American women . Yep, you don't think Sci-Fi Channel can make a movie about wolves and put lots of nonsense on Native American mythology in there too? The character's dynamism is bizarre, Aaron is shown as the persecuted hero, but he is the only character to kill anyone in the movie and is a rather unlikely, ungrateful and annoying person while Dr. Hewitt is shown as the evil scientist, but she gives Aaron back again and does nothing but tries to help him. I think Aaron is back to the hospital yet, Hewitt's the villain? Also, the regular Sci-Fi Channel staples for US military intervention are present, the problem is, why do they want Aaron so bad? He is not a soldier, and although he has wolf wishes to help him look in the dark, he is completely unwieldy. Scripture cannot make it mindful of whether it is all in Aaron's mind, or it is true, the end is hilariously bad with a half naked (rememeber this was made for telly) Aaron runs through a forest with a pack of wolves that is set to some terrible music that I think should be emotional, but make it even more fun. There are so many things wrong with Hybrid, it's slower than hell, there's virtually no action, there are no werewolves & the movie goes around in circles trying to get into Aaron's mind, but that's all so ridiculous, silly and boring that you do not care about bits and there is never any explanation why, even though Wolve's eyes are transplanted, Aaron begins to develop other Wolf senses. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic I have problems with my eyes, hell I have had major surgery on my right side eye and I can guarantee that after an operation your eye will be inflated, you would not be able to open It and it would hurt as hell, despite eye transplants as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed, his eyes are perfect with no swelling or even blushing. There are no special effects, no blood or gore or violence and nothing to excite you. In fact, now I think about it, there is nothing even distant horror or sci-fi feeling about this, it feels like a boring movie this week. <br /> <br /> The film in Manitoba in Canada looks the movie but is bland & forgettable. The action is bad from everyone involved, which I have not seen before and hopefully never again. Hybrid is a horrible movie that is apparently marketed as some Werewolve Creature Feature, but is far from it and most people will really struggle to get to the horrible end that is likely to get you stitched.
