The reason sounds vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant eyes and optical nerves into other animals, like humans. A young man (Monteith) is blinded and saves a colleague at work - the scientist gets a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The recipient begins to become more and more wolfly, but the effect is no more than "strange eyes" and runs at night with dogs! (for the whole movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue is too stupid (I laughed aloud at some of the ridiculous talk) and the action is too unobtrusive. Long parts of the film are nothing more than dreamy looks, spooky music, and bursting clovers of wolves in the wild. Too long even 90 minutes, boring and devoid of ideas. <br /> <br /> The military will use eye transplants to give sight to wounded soldiers and presumably militarize the technology. There is a silly plot about a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help with Indian wisdom about the wolves. They love, while music heavy on drums and Indian chanting is heard - crazy, man! The love-making takes place immediately after a cruel murder - who edited this turkey? A grouchy "medical man" spitting platitudes seems to do little, except to add atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous scenes. A worker at the laboratory enters the animal room to discover that the monkeys have been released from their cage. She gets scared, looking to the left at the monkeys, turning to the right, turning to the left, turning to the right, turning to the left .. it goes awhile (who edited this ??). Get out of the dam! It was so stupid I started to laugh. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, escapes a window when the heavily armed military arrives - he leaves the window open, the military guys go to the open window, look out the window, they say "looks like he was here ", and LEAVE! He went out of the open window, guys !! Crazy. At the end of the movie, the military fires machine guns over and over again on trees when there is obviously nothing there - easier to place squibs I guess. They have 6 machine guns that have cut trees down, but decide to fight for our hero with 1 knife !!! Shoot the guy !! Who wrote this garbage? There is a meaningless confrontation at the end and believe me, I do not spoil you - there is not enough plot to destroy. <br /> <br /> I expect the whole thing to be a tax write-off or a busy job of using unused budget money back from some better movies.
