I don't understand people. Why is this movie getting a 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I had great hopes for this movie, but when I was about half an hour in it, I would just leave the theater. In most of the reviews on this site, people say this is one of the best action movies they've seen (or in the summer, year, etc.) They say it's an excellent conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What has been concluded (besides Bourne can ride motorcycles, shoot and fight better than anyone else, does he come across)? What do you learn about Bourne's character in this movie ????????? Absolutely f ****** nothing !!!!!!! Okay, there are a lot of actions, but what's so good about the action in this movie ?? I don't like movies and movie editing. The shaky camera effect and fast shifts were used too much and they grow old quickly (I didn't mind them in Supremacy because it was still easy to follow and was not used in surplus) and made me feel dizzy. I quickly wished I had saved my $$$ for something else. <br /> <br /> This movie has no plot. All this movie is is a 115 minute hunt seen. Bourne, whom you absolutely do not learn about 115 minutes of the film, is a perfectionist in everything he tries. There is absolutely no sign development in this movie, you know nothing about anyone and there is a wide selection of new characters introduced at this rate. Some people said this movie has incredible writing and excitement. ??????????? !!!!!!!! What writes ???? What voltage ??? There is no tension. Bourne is so perfect at doing everything he does, I don't think he has anything to worry about. If this is the best movie in the year 2007, I can just stop watching movies completely !!!! <br /> <br /> Many people have also said that Matt Damon's performance in this movie is one of the best (if not best) his career. What performance ?? How many lines did he have in this movie ??? I have some respect for Damon because he has been in movies that I liked and played different kinds of characters, but a good actor is a person whom you can hardly recognize from a movie to the next, one who chooses different roles. Not someone who plays the same roles over and over again (which Damon does, but an example of one that makes Vin Diesel). <br /> In any case, this movie was a big disappointment to me. I do not recommend this movie, but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy) and I highly recommend reading the three books (which are much different than the movies).
