This low-grade Universal Chiller has just been announced as an upcoming DVD release, but as part of a collection of similar movies I already had in my possession, I decided to acquire it from other channels instead of waiting for the legitimate release. It's as good as the end result wasn't anything special (if it was decent atmospheric): First, the plot is rather weak? although it somehow expects the Vincent Price vehicle THEATER OF BLOOD (1973) ?? albeit without any of the film's campy gusto. What we have here is actually an excellent sculptor (Martin Kosleck) ?? who we even look to share his skinny cheese plate with his cat cats! ?? who at the receiving end of art critic Alan Napier's vitriol pen once for many decides to end it all by plunging into the nearby river. But considering this particular action, he is expected by Rondo Hatton's escaped killer "The Creeper" and, of course, saves the poor guy's life with the purpose of letting the latter do all the dirty work for him in gratitude! Although it appears to be in New York art circles, all we really see at work is Kosleck and commercial painter Robert Lowery (who keeps painting the same statuette blonde girl Joan Shawlee over and over again in the banal look? How is it for art?) who is probably engaged to a rival art critic (Virginia Gray) of Napier's! Before long, the latter is discovered with its spine broken, and Lowery is suspected; But then Detective Bill Goodwin examines the bright idea of ​​engaging another critic to publish a scathing review of Lowery's work (I didn't know that advertising sketches were reviewed !!) to measure how violently his reaction would be! Meanwhile, Kosleck rejects himself believing that he is creating his masterpiece by sculpting Hatton's uniquely fragile? and recognizable ?? Visage, which unnecessarily attracts the attention of the constantly visiting Gray (we are led to believe she lacks material for her weekly column) til much to both the artist's and the model's destiny. Bafflingly, although The Creeper is fully aware of how Gray looks (thanks to her aforementioned haunting of Kosleck's flea bid), he encounters Shawlee ?? who was then Goodwin's girl! ?? in Lowery's apartment and overhearing Kosleck talking to (you guessed it) Gray about his intention to dump him as the fallen guy for the police, sending it slowly fight out of his deep end ?? even down to destroy his own now completed stoned image. Curiously, though, this was Hatton's penultimate film, his name is in the credit ahead of the epithet "introducing"!
