How does the sheep like the movie that gets public so often turns out to be. As soon as a few critics say something new is good (ie - "Shake-Cam"), everyone jumps on the bandwagon as if they were without independent thought. It wasn't a good movie, it was a horrible movie. 1) plot? - What plot? Bourne was chased from there to the beginning. It's the plot. Don't look for anything deeper than this. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favor! Any 7-year-old armed with an old and fierce 8mm movie camera would do a much better job (I'm not exaggerating here). This movie is a tour-the-force of amazing amateur camera work. The ridiculous shaking of EVERY (I really mean everyone) will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) trustworthy? - Oh yes for sure. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved scenes about Bourne being chased by (local) police through the twisted market streets of Tangier. - I've been to Tangier. Even the guides cannot navigate through these streets, but Bourne shook off the 100 police with speed and finesse. Grønræs must laugh at the head of his film dispensing credibility. 4) Editing? - I don't know what the editor was on when he made this movie, but I want some! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt nauseous at the end of the movie from the strobe effect of the "scenes" that flashed. 5) Directly? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film does not seem to have any directions. More a case with Greengrass throwing a copy of the manuscript (all two sides) with the cameramen and telling them to "shoot a few scenes while they were full". - "Don't worry about boys, we tie the scenes together in the editing room". The editor must be tarred, removed and stored in the warehouse to enable this monstrosity to strike the silver screen. 6) Not one, but two senior CIA operations, giving the female treatment to the abused and misunderstood Jason Bourne. - Putting their lives on the line for someone they couldn't even be sure of was not a traitor. Talk about stupid nincompos. (While the evil male CIA members plan to terminate any operation, as much as falling a paper clip on the floor). (Well, all men are evil, aren't they? - Except SNAGS of course). Yes, it is truly a modern and politically correct film that shows the females to be the heroes of today and the oppressive men as the real threat to humanity. 7) When you know what finally hits the tab, triumphs well over evil (like it always does, eh?) And the wild killer gets hold of Jason Bourne - he suddenly goes through a guilty trip and abstains from pulling the trigger (yes - right ... - At that moment, the evil deputy director just goes up - gun in his hand and he pulls the trigger. - How does this 60-year-old man run so quickly and not even exhale? Wonders Will Never Cease 8) Don't worry, there is a late-night session, and the wicked are being pulled up for the courts. Well, we can't have ugly, politically wrong, CIA operators going around shooting people, can we? How nice to see a true life P.C. movie of the Noughties. ------------- Bourne Ultimatum is completely rubbish.
