The number of goofs in this episode was higher than the first 9. They do not follow their own rules on spirits, where the destruction of the body dissolves the spirit. This one fell another body. The body and dean fall about 20 meters from Sam, but then they are right with Sam. Flashlights go into an unseen asylum at night, and we can still see everything. It's night, but the light is flowing through the windows. A ghost that died in the 1960s makes cell phones call? Come on! Sam can't get the psychiatrist to see him the same day he makes an appointment, and the doctor speaks to Sam as if it wasn't his first visit. Sam and Dean knew that there were other organs of asylum and innocent spirits who were still lurking and not doing anything to help them. It doesn't seem that Winchester boys would. Oh, and after crawling around on a dirty mattress and all the unpleasant asylum, the girls' makeup and hair are perfect and not a dirt on her white shirt. <br /> <br /> While the implementation of this episode had problems, the assumption was good, and sometimes I wasn't scared but nervous when Dean sat reading Elicots' journal. I just knew that an object so intensely personal to the ghost would draw it to the person who violated his sanctuary. Elicot was not shown. Perhaps it is a mistake for such an important object or place (like Elicot's office) to draw the spirit when a living being touches or enters. When they separate, I'll scream ... 'How you die! Always stay together and see each other back! 'But they don't belong to me: o The Elicot spirit and his special abilities were a very good touch. It's a first-class show, but I want Elicot's scare to strike one of his victims down and use the expectation of torture to crawl on. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the lighting tanks I gave this a 4. Sudden darkness or flickering of the whole scene lighting as the flashlight flickers is all that is more scary. The easier it comes or the flashlight revives and immediately a spirit is in their face is shocking. I understand that the directors want us to see his scene, but then mention or obvious connection from Elicot, which touches an outlet and the lights come on. Have the signs respond to the fact that an asylum without power suddenly has light in one room. Blue white light flickers like electric bows like Elicot's fingertip. <br /> <br /> Seriously, the MCG could have done better.
