Houseboat Horror is a great title for this movie. It is absolutely spot-on and therefore the only aspect of the movie that I can give is 10 out of 10. There are houseboats that are horror, there are even horrors that take place on houseboats. But if there was ever a tagline for the movie poster, it would definitely be "something shonky this way coming ..." for Houseboat Horror is easily the worst Australian horror movie I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen, and a rather horrible attempt at filmmaking in general. The good news is that it is so bloody awful, it sails right through the disaster's contempt in the wonderful world of unintentional hilarity. It's worth seeing * because it's bloody terrible. The worst of the category doesn't come from history, for the simple reason that there is actually one: a record producer, a movie crew member and a rock band running up to the mystifying Lake Infinity, a quaint rural location somewhere in Victoria (in fact Lake Eildon) to shoot a music video. Someone is not very happy to see them there, and possibly in an attempt to make the audience a favor, start picking them out one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more mystifying is how long it takes for survivors to actually notice this <br /> <br /> On the surface, it looks like a very book-standard B movie slasher. You have very annoying young, intolerant elders, creepy locals (one of them, a petrol station attendant, would easily win a gourd competition), and let's see, my description of the killer could easily be Jason Voorhees. Oh, but if only the acting and production values ​​were everywhere as good as the comparative masterpiece that was Friday, Part 13, VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely devoid of both of these things. <br /> <br /> In the end, however, it only makes you so ridiculous and entertaining. Fans of once 'Late Show' and 'Get This' member Tony Martin will already be aware of some of the right dialogue gems ('Check out the prospect ... you come up!'), While the actual song accompanies the music video is so bad that it must be heard to be believed - I can't wonder if author / director Ollie Wood hoped it would actually be a hit. The fear element is comparable. I'm thinking of B-slashers of the genre and especially of the period, but there were times when I couldn't help imagining anyone biting into a hamburger off-screen and seeing a volley tomato sauce sprayed on the wall on the screen. In fact, if you've listened to Tony Martin recommending this movie as a fun rubbish like me, I don't think you'll be disappointed. Any fans of 'so-bad-it's-good' horror shouldn't pass the opportunity. Whether you want to 'bar up' or not, there is another matter. On the other hand, if you are looking for true expertise in the Australian horror genre, get yourself a copy of the incomparable 'Long Weekend' and don't look back.
