When the remake of When A Stranger Calls was out, I was of course interested in seeing the original. So when I read about the original (which I remember, my sisters had been freaked out of the day), I saw that the real money is on Black Christmas, which apparently beats everyone "the caller in the house". I saw Netflix it and it sits at the top of my list for months due to its "very long wait." All the time I am increasingly eager to see it! So one day, out of the blue, it finally comes! ... And it's a total leash. Of course, I had raised expectations, but I don't think it would have gotten any more if I had seen it fresh. The thing is, it's Christmas in some Canadian university towns, and there is this sorrow to have a party. We see some killer-POV shots as he climbs on this trill and sneaks into the ceiling. So we know he's in the house. Then we are introduced to our characters ?? - Olivia Hussey as the mousy, whiny, Canadian-accented Jess. Margot Kidder as the annoying, overtly aggressive alcoholic Barb. She is so annoying, even her mother invites her to her Christmas celebrations. There is also this annoying Janis Ian clone ("Phil"), and this alcoholic mother Ms. Mac, who has seen sipping from the different bottles of liquor, she has stopped all over the house. We also meet Jess's well-known boyfriend Peter, played by Keir Dullea in 2001, and Bunny Lake lacks fame, but halfway through the movie I still asked "Which is Keir Dullea?" So it seems that the house has received indecent phone calls, but it was before email so they could not ask him to send a picture. So? - Now you know how they say that plastic bags for laundry washing are not toys? One of the sisters finds it hard. Don't worry if you don't catch the first 14 shots of the plastic-wrapped face as it lies on the ceiling - there will be 28 more scattered throughout the movie, of course there to make you say "Oh my God! is a corpse in the attic! "But after the first hour changed to:" How has the stupid police not found the prominent plastic-enclosed body in the ceiling? " Especially since it is made clear that it is clearly visible from the outside. Really, preferably before CSI came on the air, it must have been such a valid age of crime; The police are so stupid. Fortunately, some of them look like John Saxon. In any case, after a much more boring human drama, the housewife fears that her precious kitty has risen a vertical ladder and has pushed open a heavy trap door on top of it (the stupid cats!) Because she holds her head in there and ending with a hook belt pulley in the neck for the trouble. Now we have two corpses in the ceiling? - Hey, why don't we have 75 more shots trying to relax us knowing that there are now two corpses in the ceiling? <br /> <br /> By now, the police have begun to take the situation seriously and hit the house phone and station a policeman outside. They inform Jess and her friend Janis Ian that if the obscene caller calls back, they must keep him on the phone. Jessica, who has grown even more whiny, mousy and annoying keeps asking the caller "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" after like the first 89 calls, when it is clear that he will not answer her. Isn't it as a sign a developmental disability? Inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts? And what does he have to do, suddenly says, "Oh, well, it's Bob from the laundry?" Dumb Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, as soon as Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are stacked in bed with ketchup sprayed on their faces (this film's idea of ​​gore), and idiot Jess realizes that not a single door or window in the house is locked. Hi? Are you stalked or what? Then the police realize that the killer is in the house and call Jess and tell her, "Don't ask questions, just do as I say" go to the front door and get out. "So what does moron Jess do? Began to scream" Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb? "Hello, good idea sister. Now why don't you just go upstairs, knowing that a psychotic killer is lurking? Of course she does it and sees her former friends, all splashing with ketchup, which makes this viewer scream at the screen: "Do you have a clue now?" Now, of course, you have to understand and realize that this movie was made before the classic slasher movies were firmly in place and that it does not move at the same pace as we are used to to, and to see a plastic-covered body in the ceiling, which was probably scary back in the day, and people were not used to being disturbed by psychopaths, so they would not think that you know, lock the doors or windows. May be tempted to walk upstairs when they have just been told that a violent killer is up there. You see, people were stupid back in the 70s, we must understand. One of the big shocks is that we are not once our proto-final girl kills the psycho, but believe me to be more interesting st in this review than sitting through the film to. Spoilers end! <br /> <br /> ------ Hi, check out Cinema de Merde, my website on bad and cheesy movies (with a few good movies thrown in). You can find the URL in my email address above.
