BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most beloved books, but in this animated adaptation magic is just not there. This version remains pretty true to Dahl's original story so you can't blame John Hambley's script. If anything, the error is due to the colorless animation, the dull tempo, and the generally lacking voice overflow. It would be right to expect this story to make a happy, lively, fun movie ..... instead, the movie is a hopelessly boring affair that gets pretty boring to see. Children who are not familiar with history should definitely read the book first! All the movies are getting them to read what is actually a children's classic. <br /> <br /> Young orphans Sophie (Amanda Roots voice) lives in a non-friendly orphanage under the gruesome supervision of Mrs. Clonkers One evening she pauses through the window as she sees a massive figure beautifully down the village Riddle. The figure realizes that it has been seen so that it reaches through the window and scrubs Sophie from her bed and places her in her huge pocket before flying into the night. Sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from the Giant Country and fears he will eat her. But for her relief, he turns out to be a friendly and sensitive member of his kind who introduces himself as BFG (David Jason's voice). BFG refuses to eat people, instead confining itself to foul-tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers. But the Giant Country is populated by many other giants celebrating - every night, as it happens - on poor unsuspecting people. Sophie and BFG become good friends, and soon they come up to a plan to counteract the other giants. Together they go to England's Queen (Angela Thorn's voice) with their remarkable history and ask her to send the army and air force to fight against the male giants. The Queen agrees, and then a dangerous operation begins to catch the bad fighters before they can hurt others. <br /> <br /> Jason agrees well with BFG (one of the few pluses in the movie), but his good work is almost ruined by some poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is definitely uninspired, with very little to bring the characters to life. Similarly, BFG is the only character that is imaginatively animated - Sophie lacks appeal, and the giants are dullly designed (and hardly look apart). Even the sites are unexpected; The Giant Country is especially short and is no more than a barren wilderness with occasional rocks and canyons. In 88 minutes, the film is not as long, but it pulls quite badly in parts due to the sophisticated handling of multiple sequences. Some of Dahl's eerie humor is conveyed satisfactorily. A chapter in the book deals with BFG's love for "whizzpopping" (farting) and is grin-incredibly hilarious. In the film, the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling. I came to The BFG expecting lots of fun, fun and enjoyment, but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This is a failed misfire, which simply does not match the caliber in the book in a department - unfortunately it must therefore go down as one to skip.
