Unhinged was part of the Video Nasty censorship film that Britain built in the 80s. Keeping gory stuff out of the hands of kids, you don't know! It must have left many wondering what it was all about. With today's standard, Unhinged is a blanket little adventure. <br /> <br /> 3 girls are out on a jazz concert ... and immediately you know that the body count is getting pretty low. They get lost in the woods and stop coming in a car accident that looks so fake, it's ridiculous. They are intercepted by some nearby residents living in the woods of a creepy house. One of the girls is severely wounded and must remain on top. Then speak there. Talk about why the girls are here and how to be for dinner on time because mom doesn't like it when someone is late. And more talk. Yakkity Yak. Some excitement is built like a crazy guy who walks around harassing the girls, and someone else's eyes look through holes in the walls of the beautiful girls in something similar to Hitchcock's psycho. I go down because there is so much scroll in this movie that you wonder when the killings must begin. In fact, one of the girls gets so sad that she walks in the woods, alone, looking for the city. Smart movement. She knew for sure that the lonely virgin walked alone in the forest, but she didn't care. More talk continues after this, as we wait, wait and wait a little more until the next girl can be or not be killed. <br /> <br /> And then the twist ends. The "expected" unexpected for some viewers, for others a real gotcha. Probably the only reason someone really wants to see it here. I don't care how twisted it is, nothing in this movie makes up for the most boring time I had seen it. Even with the lesser effect of the end, the director did not have what it takes to really deliver a good story with it. It would have made a much better 30 minute - 1 hour TV episode on say, Tales from the Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really want to get it for some reason, maybe just to say you've seen every tax movie, do yourself a favor and get the fast-forward button ready. Since the movie has so many insignificant scenes, just zoom through them, and in no time do you come to "WOW, that was it all the time" ended. Oh and halfway through the movie there is a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo bees. Horray for boo beer. The beautiful humming honey-making boo bees.
