If you sit down to see Unhinged, it's probably because its advertisements, video boxes, whatever, scream that it was banned in the UK for more than 20 years (which pretty much every video does nasty). It is true; exploitation and taboo span people and draw them in with their promise of controversy. Being an exploit fan, however, was none of this new to me. The advertising that screams the film was banned in the UK does not necessarily mean I want to see it; In fact, the first thing that usually comes into my head is how disgusting paranoid British censors are. How I came to see this is so simple: it promised gore, and it was only $ 6.99. The price alone warned me not to have any hope of being the next Halloween, but a cheap padding of your DVD collection never hurts. I forced myself to see it all in one meeting, because I find that the decision to save the rest for another day makes you even less inspired to finish it. So anyway, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I found that I had come across the cheapest sleeping aid that existed. I think the distributors could make a fortune if they just changed their marketing technique. <br /> <br /> The layout of Unhinged is of any common slasher from the 80s. There are unnecessary shower stages and exhaustive gore. It's about it. Anyway, it starts with a group of three attractive co-eds crashing their car on their way to a concert. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are okay, one (Gloria) is seriously injured and is out of commission for the rest of the movie. They are rescued and receive shelter on a mansion (this of course doesn't happen with any phone) with rather strange residents: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a man-hatred mother who constantly accuses Marion of sneaking men into the house to sleep with them (echo of Psycho?). She also happens with a crazy brother Carl who lives in the woods because her mother's hat for men is so intense that she refuses to let him stay in the house. After hanging out with Marion for a while, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide to contact their parents. Despite everyone's warnings, Nancy asks the dangerous forests to turn it into a phone (her fate is not hard to predict). Then we see Gloria again, who so quickly slaughtered with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides for something that doesn't match this image and turns out to find her missing friends. It can be easier said than done, but with crazy Carl lurking around ?? <br /> <br /> After seeing Unhinged, I read an overwhelming number of reviews stating that Unhinged worked perfectly because it took time to build its topic that created real excitement at the time of the truth comes to an end. Normally, I do not draw others' opinions into my reviews (especially when they contradict my views), but in this case I was so confused by their reactions that I thought it would be relevant to mention. This is because the movie actually scans. Usually for the slow build tactics to work, the audience must have a strong sense that the characters are in danger. Oh, we see that two of them are murdered, but there are endless scenes of conversation and boredom between them. We are aware that there is a killer on the loose, but it is only focused three times in the movie; This means that there is no reason to fear the victims. Instead, the film's events are not explained by the actions of the character, but are drawn to us by eternal speaking. If there is one thing I can assure you of looking at this, it is that scenes of characters only talk to each other for 75 minutes are very boring. None of this is helped by the terrible act. It seems that this was another case of the director who needed actors and decided to gather his friends around instead of finding someone with experience. Of course I would be a liar if I said there was no part of the movie I enjoyed. Especially the end was one of the best I've ever seen in a slasher movie; You just don't expect to happen. Just knowing that the director had the balls to do something like that is spectacular. Oh, I don't want to spoil it for you, nor do I want to say that the end is completely up to the rest of the slow movie, but it will definitely get your attention. Apart from that, the other two murder scenes live at least somewhat faster material, but it's not as if you couldn't tell exactly who was going to die for fifteen minutes in the movie. Anyone looking for a bloodbath will be disappointed it is the only scenes of gore present. It and of course no scene can save a whole movie. I usually preach the doctrine that as long as there is action, the worse a movie is, the better it becomes. Unhinged understands only part of this concept. The whole movie just feels luke warm; There is potential okay, but the director was also not experienced enough to make it work, or just didn't know what the hell he was doing.
