The invisible madman begins as a young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is captured by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) who sees a girl (Tracy Walker) strip through her telescope ... Cut to 'Twenty Years Later' & Kevin Dornwinkle ( Noel Peters) is now a physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to make things invisible using a 'mollecular reconstruction' serum. But during a demonstration in front of his co-authors, it fails and they all laugh at him, Dornwinkle gets mad, kills a couple of them and is locked away in a mental institute from which he escapes. Jump forward 'Two weeks later' and a group of summer high school students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when the boss of Mrs Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she has hired a replacement, yes you guessed it is Dornwinkle. The pupil does not take him and treat him as dirt, but Dornwinkle has perfected his invisible serum and uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual calls and his desire for revenge ... Co-written & directed by Adam Rifkin, who wisely hides under the pseudonym Rif Coogan (I don't want my name to be associated with this turd in a movie either) The invisible maniac is really the bottom of the barrel stuff. Rifkins script, sorry Coogan & Tony Markes are terrible. It is trying to be a teen sex / comedy / horror hybrid that just fails in every department. For a start, the sex is no more than a couple of female shower stages and a few breasts, not much else I'm afraid of, and the birds in The Invisible Maniac aren't even that nice. The comedy is boring, and any joke misses the numerous miles, it's the kind of movie that anyone thinks of an invisible man or has Henry (Jason Logan), a stupid man trying to call is fun. The invisible maniac makes the Police Academy (1984 - 1994) series of movies look like the highlight of sophistication! As for the frightening aspect, which is also paralyzed. It's also incredibly slow (it takes over half an hour before Dornwinkles gets invisible), boring, predictable, boring and has very annoying and unlikely teenage character. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever is absolutely nothing to try and make The Invisible Maniac an even more enjoyable experience. There is no scare, tension or atmosphere and as a whole the film is a real task to sit through. He does nothing with the invisibility angle, only a few doors open on their own are just as adventurous as it gets. There is very little gore or violence, a little splashing of blood, a few confusions and the only decent bit in the whole movie when someone has blown his head with a shotgun, unfortunately he was invisible at that time and we only see the headless torso afterwards . The budget must have been low and I mean really low because this is a seriously cheap looking movie. Dornwinkles laboratory is basically two jars on its bedside cabinets! When he comes from mental institution, he has all sent a dog to him, and the whole school has about a dozen students and two teachers. The invisible madman is a badly made movie within 85 minutes, I scoffed at at least one occasion ... Let's just say the play is of low standard and let it be there. <br /> <br /> The invisible maniac is shabby, clean and simple. I found no redeeming feature at all. There are so many better movies out there that you can see, so there's no need to waste your time on this nonsense. Absolutely one to avoid.
