Hellborn begins as a young psychiatrist named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) on his stay at St. Andrew's insane asylum, or "mental illness facility" that they like to call it there. With nearly 600 patients, the bishop meets his chief Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) and being put to work, he gets the department 'A', where some severely scared and dangerous patients are kept. If it weren't bad enough in his first round of visits, Bishop finds a dead body and has threatening tones of graffiti spurting over his room. The bishop begins to hear stories from the patients about vicious interruptions in the asylum and soon finds out the stories themselves have more than a hint of the truth about them ... Known as the condemned asylum In the United States, this supernatural horror movie was directed by Philip J. Jones & I liked it, but in the end there were too many unsatisfactory items for me to enjoy. The script by Matt McCombs takes quite seriously and I liked the basic idea behind some of it is ideas, but there are a few things that work against it. For a start, the movie is just too slow, the story is pretty good and doesn't go away prematurely, but it takes an absolute age to get started and I quickly lost interest with every minute. I also thought that the so-called twist ending was far too predictable and joining too bland and forgettable. It's a shame because I liked the story, the character, the setting, and some of the ideas, but it's simply too slow and frankly boring to keep one entertained for 90 minutes. It's one of the movies I would like to recommend, but honestly I can't. <br /> <br /> Director Jones does a good job, it's actually a well-lit and fairly atmospheric movie. I don't want to say there's anything scary here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in a really crazy asylum, but if it wasn't, they did a good job on the sets and the movie looks good together. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of gore or action, there are two hand-drawn shaped wounds and a cut-off tongue and that is it, absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or gore that should go down as a disappointment. Depending on who you think and what review you read, the special effects are the worst ever or very good, and as a devoted monitor of low budget horror, I was very impressed with the effects especially the demon's things that look very impressive and are a man in a suit type effect rather than a horrible CGI computer graphics, although it is an impressive color. It all depends on your expectations. I think technically. The movie is good, it looks good and the lack of CGI computer effects is something I welcome. The action is not great, though it probably could have been better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me, there were some good things about it, but at the same time some horrible things that unfortunately do well. I kind of like parts of it, but as a whole 90 minute viewing experience I would find it quite impossible to recommend to anyone.
