In theory, movies should be a form of entertainment. While this excludes documentaries and other experimental forms of film making; Most movies, especially genre films, must not only tell their story or message, they must entertain their audience in some way. All this just to say that a bad movie, in my opinion, is not a low-value or low-budget movie, is a bad movie that is boring. "Hellborn" or "Asylum of the Damned", as it is known in the United States, is a bad movie simply because it just does not involve and unconditionally boring and tiring. Although it has a very good premise, it is only poorly developed, and the mediocre play does not make things better. On other hands, the film could probably have been a fine or even classic B movie, but here it is only a bad attempt at film making. Director Philip J. Jones tells the story of James Bishop (Matt Stasi), a young psychiatrist resident who just got his dream job on St. Andrew Mental Hospital; But the old asylum seems to hide a secret. After some patients' mysterious death and the constant rumors of satanic practice, James decides to find out what's going on; only to find the adultery of his boss, dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) believes that the bishop goes as crazy as his patients. <br /> <br /> While the assumption is quite interesting, the performance of the movie leaves much to be desired. In an effort to make a supernatural psychological thriller, Jones goes for the easy way out and makes a movie filled with every cliché of the genre. Of course, there are lots of good movies that are also filled with clichés; But in "Hellborn", every single spill is transformed into a cheap bouncer to keep things moving, resulting in a dull and predictable story. The action is pretty mediocre for the most part with a big exception: Bruce Payne provides a first-class performance that makes the movie unworthy of such a good play. Matt Stasi is very weak, as the protagonist and the rest of the cast provide unforgettable performances. <br /> <br /> Despite all these mistakes, one thing has to be written about "Hellborn"; It has a visual look very good for the budget and much like today's big budget Hollywod "horror" productions. Also makeup and dentures are done very nicely, and the designs for the main antagonists are pretty good. Unfortunately, the rest of the Special Effects are awful and outdated, which makes a great contrast to the make-up & prosthesis. <br /> <br /> "Hellborn" is a movie with a few good things that are less than its serious flaws with horrible results. Hardcore horror or b-movie fans may be interested in their premise, but it is a boring and tiring experience. 3.10
