This is the site of "House of Exorcism", but most have confused this movie with the Mario Bava masterpiece, "Lisa & the Devil", explaining the ridiculously high rating for this "House of Exorcism." When "Lisa & the Devil" appeared at film festivals in the early 70s, it was a critical success. The audience responded well to the beautiful, gothic horror movie. Unfortunately, it was a little before it was time, and was considered too unusual and not commercial enough for mass consumption. No dealer would buy it. So producer Alfredo Leone decided to edit 'Lisa', apparently with a chainsaw, by removing almost half of the original movie and adding new scenes that he filmed two years after the original product! It is important to note that Bava had little to do with these new hideous additions, so technically the "House of Exorcism" is not a Bava movie. The original product is a slow, dreamy and stylish production. A few minutes into the movie, the viewer is knocked out of this dream world as we suddenly see Lisa (two years older and with a completely different haircut), start screaming on the ground, making guttural sounds and croaking epitaphs like "suck my co @ k "etc. Subtle, huh? And the film continues like this, jumping back and forth between a beautiful visual movie and a class Z "exorcist" rip-off. Leone tried to incorporate these choke scenes while keeping some of the story intact. He failed miserably. When the election was made to destroy "Lisa and the Devil", Bava rejected himself and said that his film was too beautiful to cut. He was right, and it must have been quite sad that this artist could see all his work destroyed and rinsed down the toilet. It was many years before the original "Lisa and the Devil" were seen again, refilling on Sennat TV. I had seen "lisa" long before I saw this new version and it was even disturbing to see one of my favorite movies "vandalized" this way. Worth seeing only for curiosity sake. Otherwise, avoid this harmful disaster like the plague.
