But I doubt that many ran to watch this movie. Or "some came out of the cinema". Okay, it's a little hard. The movie starts in an unintentional comical way: Frankie-boy returns to his hometown after many years (this is already smelling of clichés), and the whole city shakes his arrival: He talks about everyone going to talk to him and every woman he meets flirt with him as if it were not tomorrow - even his niece suggests that she would have lost her date to chat with Frankie-boy a little longer! Even his beautiful niece wants a piece of him! Sounds like one of the ridiculous "Mike Hammer" episodes where every female wants Stacey Keach. And like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is anything but a beautiful woman's wet dream. In fact, someone like Sinatra (without fame) would not come within 100m of anyone as beautiful as MacLaine. But in this Hollywood movie, it is the other way around: MacLaine has absolutely to Frankie-boy, but he couldn't fit less! Sinatra plays his "cool" shtick all too often in his films, and it is rarely credible. Dean Martin is kind of disappointed; He is not a miscast as a card player, but rather because of accent, which simply does not suit him. MacLaine is charming as always, but she plays a caricature - and this addiction to caricatures is one of the basic problems with the movie. The protagonists are all kinds of stereotypes out of bad or seen-all-before movies and cheap novels; Frankie is the "cool cat" coming back to town to get all the women, and he couldn't care less about his writing (which, in the end, predictably gives recognition); Martin is a sleazy but friendly card player; MacLaine is the stupid but very sympathetic bimbo; Frankie's blonde love is a snotty literary expert; Frankie's brother is the successful guy who married his wife's business and has a miserable marriage; etc. Cliches. <br /> <br /> The story contains a couple of coincidences that are a little too long-term in my taste: Frankie just happens to encounter his niece in a locality; his niece just steps away from his father when the latter kisses his secretary for the first time; And then there is the terrible, stupid end. <br /> <br /> In it, a drunk guy is bent on killing Frankie-boy somehow managed to find him in a carnival anywhere! The place is quite crowded, with the typical noise and chaos - plus it happens in the evening - and yet the guy finds Frankie (despite being full as a doorknob) and shooting at him. But guess who he kills? MacLaine. She jumps in front of the ball to save Frankie: a cliché that cartoon writers can crawl on. This utterly pathetic, over-dramatic and annoying conclusion certainly cannot please anyone, even half-intelligent, viewer. And it happens the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The author of this rubbish seems to have read crappy dime novels throughout his life - how is it more explained by writing this movie? There is even a card game where a fight follows Frankie & Martin vs some cliché caricatures out of the author's "living" imagination. (It was suddenly like a silly western.) Another stupid thing is the way Sinatra was crazy about the boring snotty-nosed bimbo and basically ignored MacLaine. As the film progresses, we find out that Sinatra finds MacLaine to be too stupid for him, just as the blonde bimbo finds Sinatra to be too low for her. There is some snobbism and disdain to be discovered in the MacLaine script. MacLaine is treated as worthless by everyone while the blonde bimbo is treated like a princess and an intellectual; the ironic truth is that the latter's character comes out as something stupid and not at all intellectual; Her behavior, comments and opinions are mostly clichéd, stupid, confused, pretentious and primitive. At least MacLaine's character KNOWS that she (MacLaine) is stupid. There is another irony that I did not fail to notice: Sinatra had difficulty finding an end to his latest story - like the movie for this movie, and so he came up with the corny crappy final. <br /> <br /> The movie has a solid cast, and the shooting is great, but the script, although in some cases okay, depends on stupid nonsense instead of reality-based characters and events. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" by Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by email.
