** SPOILERS ** I hired "Tesis" (or "Thesis" in English) on the strength of later Alejandro Amenabar's "The Others" effort. Based on what an excellently measured and frighteningly effective creepfest that the movie was, I assumed that his past efforts would be of the same quality and I was in the mood for some good horrors. Instead, I run with the most boring, horrible excuse for a lama-brained slasher movie I've seen since the German movie "Anatomy" (which this little reminds me). <br /> <br /> The reason has potential, but it is thrown away within the first 20 minutes. It is about innocent-n-beautiful psychology students Angela (Ana Torrent - a Jessica Harper deadringer) thesis on the subject of violence in film. Through some hectic circumstances it is too stupid to get in here, she gains possession of a snus tape, where two men torture, fight, and kill a young girl to the camera. Angela and her terrible friend Chema (Fele Martinez) are both shocked yet fascinated by the band and decide to get to the bottom of who is responsible for it. <br /> <br /> This leads to ... Now, nothing. They never give a reason why they will find the girl's murderers (as they decisively refuse to contact the police during any of the unfolding events, even when their own risks) and the mystery itself is as long as Graham Norton in a room full of rabbit girls. There is only a proper 'clue' (the type of camera the killers used are discovered) and it is a) a really weak and b) the reel for the first 20 minutes. The rest of the so-called 'unraveling' arises only through blind happiness, increasingly ridiculous plot twists and a SLEW of horrible, transparent, and thoroughly meaningless red herring that are chucked in simply polishing out the maturity. <br /> <br /> Seriously - Amenabar may know his ghost story stuff, but he has never read a detective book in his life. The key to a good whodunnit is to have a large cluster of potential suspects and eliminate them one by one with wise deductions and the gradual discovery of more and more evidence before entering the final twist. In "Tesis", * POTENTIAL SPOILER AHEAD * the killer's identity is guessed correctly by the amateur detectives almost instantly, and then we get 100 minutes of the writer trying to mistakenly throw us off the scent until he runs out of ideas, throws his hands up and says " OK, you got me, it was him! " As for any kind of logic or motive behind the crimes - no such luck. You look at the wrong movie, if that's what you're looking for. <br /> <br /> The only thing that pulls "Tesis" down further from just being a stupid, poorly written thriller is the way it actually tries to make some ridiculous, muddled-up "point of violence" in movie. I have no idea what attitude it is trying to take on the subject, but it seems determined to stick in a game of misunderstood, confused psychobab, between the rest of the gibberish and say "look at me! I'm political ". The final scenes where the "point" of the film is supposed to hammer home are so utterly absurd and pueril, you can just wonder if Amenabar feels embarrassed now when he sees this. If he didn't, he would have to. It's totally 'amateurish in slasher house' stuff. All in all, I can't believe I wasted two full hours (it felt like at least six) on this one, just hoping something could happen. The story of 'snus film' (and it's pretty much all they are, despite the way this film tries to suggest they are a kind of criminal phenomenon that sweeps the world!) Is an area that can be exploited so excitingly good scary movie ("Videodrome" someone?), but it's so easy to cross the line into childish 'wouldn't it be cool if!' territory with it (ie "My Little Eye") ... "Tesis" hits a full time low for the 'snuff movie' genre. At all levels, this is better dead and buried. I give it a 1 out of 10, for some fine lighting, but that's all that gets.
