The strangely named Vera-Ellen was dancing what Sonja Henie was doing at skating: blonde, though, always nice to look at, but not a particularly good actress and usually used with weak material. When I see Vera Ellen's sexy apache dance with Gene Kelly in 'Words and Music', I can't help noticing that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) appears to be made out of South Vietnam. For some reason, the very American Vera-Ellen stood in * two * musicals (made several years apart) in Edinburgh, a city not noted for its tape dancers: 'Let's be happy' and 'Happy Go Lovely' . <Br /> <br /> In the latter, Cesar Romero plays an American impresario, for some reason, arranging a musical in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to connect this show to the Edinburgh Festival, which is nonsense: The festival is not a showcase for splashy leg shows. We also see a few stock shots of the Royal Mile: apart from a few Highland accents, there is absolutely no attempt to convey Scottish atmosphere in this movie. The funniest gag emerges at the start when we learn that the title of Romero's show is 'Frolics to You': this is a cheeky wordplay that the British will get and Yanks will not. <br /> <br /> The Vera Ellen is as usual sweet and appealing and an impressive dancer, but the very few music tracks in this movie are boring and bad. The reason - erroneous identity between magnate David Niven and reporter Gordon Jackson - is brainless, but no more than the plots of several dozen Hollywood musicals. Romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because he (once) is not obliged to convince us that he is interested in stretching the hero. The only biggest offense of this movie is its abuse of Bobby Howes. Sally Ann Howes' father was a great star of West End scene musicians; His wistful rendition of "She's My Lovely" was a big hit in the UK in 1937. Here he appears in several scenes such as Romero's dog body, but never has the chance to join a song or even a real comedy. It is quite criminal that this movie - with a title containing the word 'Lovely', probably inducing Howe's greatest hit - would throw a great British musical star, but give him nothing to do! The lovely character actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (who I was working right away) shines in a restaurant sequence and there is a glimpse of the damned beauty of Kay Kendall. As Vera-Ellen's fiancé, someone named Diane Hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: It sounds like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns both at the same time, but it doesn't agree . Val Guest has a history of credit, but this movie does not meet the quality of his brilliant comedies. Color photography is miserable, though I realize that the post-war Britain could not afford Hollywood's process work. 'Happy Go Lovely' is at best a comfortable time-waster, with 'waster' being the operative word. I rate this movie only 4 out of 10.
