You have to understand when Wargames was released in 1983, it created a generation of wannabe computer hackers. The idea that a teenager could do far-reaching proportions, let alone deter a world war, was novel and exciting. Real computers began to appear in people's homes, and for the first time society was interconnected in a way that made the film's premise exciting prescient. Granted, a speaker computer that balanced it is leisure time between chess and global thermonuclear war, was a bit far-fetched, but the brilliant commentary on nuclear weapons and the Cold War prompted it. I've probably heard of the hackers that this movie was actually based. <br /> <br /> Fast forward for 25 years and we have a horrible mutant of one thing I loathe to call a "sequel" called Wargames: The Dead Code. I just have to dig in. First of all, the plot hangs on a government-driven gambling site where people who win the games automatically become terrorists. You're probably very confused right now. The idea is that the terrorist will eventually click on the subtitle on the website called "The Dead Code", where they pilot a plane over a city and spray it with bioweapons. At some point in the game you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax" and if you choose "sarin", you are automatically confirmed as a bioterrorism weapon expert and your family is in custody and interrogated. In the movie, it actually happens. But when the payment for the game was made by a bank account that was suspicious, it is of course quite sensible. <br /> <br /> Secondly, AI's avatar in this straight-to-DVD bomb is an annoying flash animation that repeats pop-up ad-esquire sound play "play with me baby". Because in the future apparently advanced AI loses interest in intellectual persecution as chess and turns into porn. <br /> <br /> Third, the motivation for these "hackers" is profit and women as opposed to pure curiosity as in the original movie. For some reason, recent hacker movies feel the need to portray all young adults as average surfer-expensive kind of people who are like everyone else. It may work for your average sitcom, but come on, you won't learn to take over public computers by making your hair, playing sports and shopping in the mall. The one new thing I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there is a reference to a Matt Damon movie, and then there is the phrase "Good Hunting, Willing". I swear they are called the protagonist Will just for that sentence so they could send a high five to Mr. Damon. This will child is not bad, but he was certainly not an obsessive hacker I have ever met. I can't fully state how annoyed I am that this movie shares the same name as the original because it has absolutely nothing in common with it except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) make a new appearance in this movie as a slick old man who apparently dies of boredom and a fake old tic-tac-toe higher-pitch machine. After some prodding, Joshua (AI) has what seems to be sex with the new AI with the porn voice, a bunch of board games flash on the big screens, and the whole "The only way to win is not to play" revelation is supposed to be it crowded moment. Apart from the fact that those of us who saw the original, you know that those who would like to see this in the first place have already been there and done it. A recycled ending to a movie made from last month's compost. The new movie was directed by a guy who finished 90210 and written by guys making B-movies. The original was directed by a guy who has been busy with "Heroes" so you see the difference in quality there. It was a real remake, but I hope they won't ruin this classic again. I swear if I have to, I have to visit every game site until I find the one run by a psychotic government computer. The saving grace is that I could stream this on Netflix, so at least the only energy I used to see this disaster was breathing, clicking and indigestion.
