Someone, some day, should do a study of architecture as it shows in horror movies; Of all these explorations of strangely laid out mansions, searching for secret passages and crypts, traces of monsters through air ducts and so on. Offhand I can only remember a few movies where architecture played a major role all the time - "Demon Seed", "Cube", the remake of "Thirteen Ghosts" - but that is the core of every story about a creepy house or church or crypt It is about signs and influences on spaces, passages and walls. So I was looking forward to this thriller, where it promised to be central. The idea is this: An architect has built - actually rebuilt - for himself a large and wandering house; His wife has just left him, mainly because of his own self-centering, but it is also assumed because she cannot get used to the place since he rebuilt it. Living in unused loneliness (really this time rather than virtual), he suspects that someone else - a stranger who had come to the door one night asking to use the phone and then suddenly disappeared - was living in the house with Hi M; Only the place is big enough so he never sees him. <br /> <br /> This is a great start for a melodrama whose development one would expect to follow such lines as these: After searching the house for the intervenor a few times unsuccessfully, the architect goes to his drawings to make more systematic searches and trying in various ways to surprise, listen or back the intruder, perhaps using some special features he built into the structure. Meanwhile, the visitor has discovered hiding places and return ways between places that the architect did not foresee or does not remember. The movie would turn into a cat-and-mouse game, a hunt, a blow; and finally, the architect himself would disappear in his own creation, somehow that he had not expected. Then he would be forced to think it out - and perhaps at the same time out of his own self-imposed isolation - and in a last twist would nails and maybe even kill is ****. br /> <br /> Nothing happens here in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a guy, and his nemesis is of unknown character if he exists at all. Here's what happens in the movie: When the consumer is installed in the house - if he is - the architect begins to hear sounds, but when he goes to the investigation, he finds nothing. He calls the police, they think he's a little nuts; He persuades his alien wife to stay overnight, she thinks he's more nuts. Finally, he runs almost or less at the intruder (does not get a good look, but figures, who could it be?) - not a hard question in a story with to the point, fewer than three main characters), then he locks the doors, lowers the grills on the windows, throw off the key (I do not know why he thought it was necessary) and leave his victim to starve. I missed why this was a given: The doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect takes to sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film is slimmed undeveloped and cannot be further developed, something else needs to be devised to take place. And that's it: The architect - are you ready? - Moves into the house of the man who (presumably) moved into his, and lives there in the same way. How is it possible? It is not, but the film takes this route to try to make it work like this: The architect has drawn a picture of the man who came to his door; and when he leaves the house he takes the picture with him; and while sitting in his car, he throws the picture into the street; and two children pick it up and observe that it looks like Martin, their neighbor; after which the architect asks where his house is and the children point to the road. <br /> <br /> If this order seems to pave the way for the relentless, then it will fall straight in. The architect resides with Martin's wheelchair-run wife, not familiar with her; so insidious in his movements and so cunning in his reading of his hostess that he is always able to leave a room just as she enters or emerges as she turns. Throughout this section, the film is clever in a way, which makes (or leaves it to the viewer to do) the point that his life with this stranger, who does not know he is there, is essentially the same life he lived with his wife, as a virtual recluse with her as a convenient buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his conversion to Raffles, the cat user absolutely incredible. Not to go into a snare series at the end - including another murder obtained by locking a person behind another invincible door - this one in front of a landing so flimsy that it collapses under the weight of a wheelchair; two good people taking murder in steps; and (before the story started) the unnoticed construction of a tunnel under several houses .... To the final, long-awaited twist, the film adds another to make it even more offensive and then ends. /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things - the idea of ​​the stranger in the house and the character of the man whose house it is - and fumble both. The first fumble makes it boring; the other made me angry as it pushed the protagonist farther and farther along a more and more zigzaggy road and never gave any explanation for the character that most demanded one: the Martin tunnel builder and the sneak tenant. The story must be redone by someone, someday.
