"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a multi-time movie that discussed the problems teenagers faced in Britain, and how these troubled and constantly hit each note, teenager's problems can be related to tomorrow's youth. It could have been called "Moulin Rouge" in the 80s, but it disappeared. It made its very low mark on the world, snuck under the radar and can now be found to gather dust on either the musical section, comedy section or the politically unclear part of the seedy video store that does not need chain money to survive. Alas, it wasn't where I found it ?? but I found it, looked at it, tried my hardest to sing along with it, stared into Bowie's eyes, but found myself faded at the end. Didn't it survive the time? Are the 1950s London too far from our present society? Is Bowie too crazy? I think "Absolute Beginners" falls somewhere in each of these issues as the perfect example of a cinema that begins with a bang but withers just a glare at the end. <br /> <br /> "Absolute beginners" are opened with a large number leading us through London's non-ugly streets, involving theft of the night, prostitutes on every corner, dancing through, blowing like rivers and the hardest ties on almost all people. Sounds like a place we all would hate to be ?? right? Director Julien Temple keeps the mood light and flashy in most songs as we try to learn about an abundance of our protagonists. The one we follow most is Colin, played by Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dreams of being a photographer while shooting his favorite girl, Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like a pre-rehab Lohan, they worked for me. There was a huge spark between them, chemistry was like lava, and I thought these two could take me a path I had never traveled. I was ready ?? But something happened. Temple takes us out of the night life, takes us out of the city, we grew up with in the beginning, and completely turns the roles without being dedicated to the first. Suzette runs away, Colin becomes a pervert and Bowie ?? well ?? I'm not quite sure what his role is, but he sings incredibly well while climbing a mountain ?? I can tell you so much. Temple gives us this flashy city, this opportunity to see those who inhabit it, but lets us hang high and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We learn about Colin, mostly, but no one else. I could probably see this movie again and still be just as confused as to who is sad about who and what significance fashion had for that era. Also, were the teenagers really ?? They all seemed like they were pushing their late 20s, but maybe it was my TV. Drawing support draft right out the door. Temple tries to overcompensate by giving us bigger, more lavish songs with even more characters that we don't know about. One of my favorite songs in the movie uses this thought as an excellent example. Temple uses a split house to show us the life of Colin's parents (which I didn't know was them until after the movie) and a song that screams apathy. Great song, too many characters, not enough time, suddenly dragged into another scene of inconsistency, and it just falls apart in your hands. So, if that wasn't enough, we rocked our heads on some amazing songs and hit our noggin 'trying to understand where our characters are or going, and Temple throws in hatred, anger and politics into the final action. While I was hoping that this movie would have a dedicated theme, I didn't think racism would be at the top of the bill. Suddenly, friends are missing, people are angry, and there is some random guy running around fighting Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of another race? Someone helps me here. It seemed quite rushed and overwhelming ?? almost to the point that wants to turn off the movie. For me, the end of "Absolute Beginners" was nowhere near the excitement of the opening number. The first part set the pace, and the temple couldn't stop. <br /> <br /> All in all, I must say that the temple can lead a music video, but I don't think he was fully prepared for the feature film. I don't think this movie will ever make it a full "cool" status and will probably remain unremembered or in dollar bin for years to come. It's a funny movie to see in the first place, but when we get to the last part, it just explodes from within. I wanted some exciting work, but instead of what I found was a freaky Bowie combined with characters I didn't care about. I could see how this movie could relate to the 80's, but in the end it just felt compelled. I think everyone in this production should have taken a moment and listened to the "Motivation" of the still freaky Bowie in this movie, it may have helped solidify this feature for better cult status. I'm glad I once saw this movie, but that's all my little brain can take. I loved the way the temple caught me from the beginning, but he couldn't control his characters (too many), and the songs didn't seem to match the movie's last moments. It came out of nowhere and it was uncomfortable. If this was a film about racism, it should be from the start. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I don't think I will make this movie in the future. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** out of *****
