This movie ends with a speech where the narrator tells us the fate of two of the protagonists, and that the names of people and places have been changed ... before telling us that the relationship with the actual people and events is purely by chance. In fact, this end line summarizes everything that has gone before it; en Rino Di Silvestro's twisted film lacks sight and if there is any point in the plot; it was not put there on purpose. Werewolf Woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a "so bad, it's good" movie, but I totally disagree. Usually I enjoy movies like this; but the werewolf woman is actually a bad movie, and in spite of all sex and wildness on the display; It doesn't even make a fun watch, and it's really unforgivable. The movie doesn't really have much plot, but the thin sliver we get involves a young woman who also happens to dream that she is a werewolf. She dreams of going out and finding men, having sex with them and eventually killing them. Back in the real world, she falls in love, but her lover is killed and she goes to revenge ... The film is made up of scenes of sex and gore that are padded with extremely boring talking sequences, where different characters mull over recent events . These scenes are probably there to relay the plot and build signs; but they really do not, and it only succeeds in turning what could have been an acceptable use for an extremely overwhelming movie. It seems that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than the plot, and it appears from the movie looks and sounds nice. Sex scenes are often long and not very erotic, but do well. The priest is ripe for room for a very sexy exploitation, as there are plenty of naked women, and the fact that the central character originates from werewolf means that there could be plenty of eroticism; but it is not capitalized, and although I can lose large doses of bad plays and poorly-crafted plot lines, I really can't stand watching movies and bored. Overall, I would not even recommend this movie for big exploitation fans. There are lots of better things than this out there, and while the title may sound exciting - the movie is not.
