"La Lupa Mannara" drive. "Werewolf Woman" from 1976 is a film with a very promising title, but unfortunately, the film itself is quite far from being a must-see for my Italian horror buffs. You can't hear me say that Rino Di Silvestri's movie is really bad - it has its stylish moments, and the first half is actually fun to watch (although fun is unintentional). The film also wins from an exceptionally exhibitionist leading actress Annik Borel. However, the film, which has no real plot (at least not linear), has no meaning at all, and it draws incredibly through most redundant second half. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) is strangely dreaming of a dancing naked at night before becoming a werewolf woman. Since she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (cult Sir Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit her husband, Daniella suddenly feels attracted to the man and then becomes a werewolf woman herself ... or something. The story doesn't make the slightest sense, which makes the movie very fun to look through in the first half. The leading character Daniella is a part of a schizophrenic mixture of frigid hysterical and lusty nymphomaniac, which occasionally becomes a werewolf woman. Director Di Silvestri chose to make up for the plot holes with a lot of female nudity, which works fine for me. There are also some really well done gore moments. The movie is never a little exciting or scary, but it is very entertaining in the beginning. There is also no attempt to conceal that this is a sleaze piece, the camera often makes close-ups on Miss Borel's private parts for the simple heel of it. I'm not complaining. Then Di Silvestri chose for some reason to make the film longer by completely changing the direction in which it went. While Daniella is a typical werewolf who cannot help follow up with her curse, she suddenly changes when she meets a guy (Howard Ross, who was in Fernando Di Leo's "Il Boss" from 1973). Suddenly she goes back to normal again, and the following part of the movie does not go hand in hand with the first half. It gets pretty boring after a while; All in all, it would probably have been better for this 99 minute movie to be only 70 minutes long. Eventually, they will even make us believe that the absurd story (if one can call it that) is based on true events. "Werewolf Woman" has some redeeming qualities; My other Italian horror fans can give it a try. But if you want to see Italian Horror / Exploitation cinema from the 70's, there are hundreds of movies that you should see before you see this.
