I guess the authors have never read a book of any kind, much less a Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and that they based their manuscript on another poorly written manuscript, possibly an adaptation of Copperfield, but equally probably something else from which they randomly discarded about a third of the pages and then mixed the rest with some random pages from a manuscript written by another's eighth grade nephew to an English class and for which he had been given a failing character. <br /> <br /> If the casting was a bad joke - for example Richards as Kramer plays Micawber - as it were, the direction and play were the poorly delivered battle lines. As Kramer was Micawber, Ham saw a full blow, setback, and all that I waited for at one point to see him being persecuted by an angry pitch fork and villager torch handling. Uriah was almost as much of a clown figure as Micawber. Mr. Murdstone provoked as much terror as the Muppet Vampire from Sesam Street. Actually, the actor who played older David, I think a woman. In any case, he always looks as if he wanted him to find a mirror to see how beautiful he looked and thought he looked pretty beautiful, he could hardly convince us that he was writing with a quill pen. And while we are on this subject, he seems to be somewhere between 18 and 21 years in one of the many gross inaccuracies committed by the semi-producers of this shame, in David's unnecessary shot writing his story. should be in his eighties. Perhaps the biggest offense is even though it is difficult to choose, the invented showdown between David and Murdstone, when he heads a third wife in Switzerland, of course, pursued by Murdstone's second wife invented death. While in it, it is a wonder that they did not send Heep to the guillotine and make him deliver Sidney Carton's famous last word. It couldn't have made things much worse really. It may have been far better. <br /> <br /> There are literally thousands of small and large sins against literature throughout this miscarriage of art, and anyone who sees it runs the risk of serious and permanent damage to all aspects of their sensitivity.
