"Boom" has given itself a reputation. With heavyweights Taylor, Burton, Noel Coward, Tennessee Williams and Joseph Losey, can one be tempted to think how bad it could be? Well, it's much worse than you might imagine. <br /> <br /> The sad and disturbing fact of "boom" is that seems to signal the fall and fall of the aforementioned heavyweights. Only the director Joseph Losey had immersed the depths of "Modesty Blaise" and "Boom" (some may wish to add "Secret Ceremony"), managed to restore and in 1970 create his best work, the wonderful "Go-Between" . <br /> <br /> Best of all is the work of Tennesee Williams. From the mid-fifties to the early 60s, Williams wrote a number of games that have been given classical status, remained in theater repair worldwide, and many become highly acclaimed films. When Willem's mice left him, probably because of his infamous drug abuse, he surrendered to him well. Williams at best is an actress's dream that gives many unforgettable performances. (Was Ava Gardner or Deborah Kerr ever better than in "Iguana Night"?) Taylor shone especially in both "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" and "Suddenly Last Summer". There is an anecdote where Taylor asks John Gielgud if he would teach her to play Shakespeare as he replied "if you want to teach me to play Tennessee Williams". Had Gielgud seen "Boom", he had held his tongue. Taylor has simply never been worse, making it a pampering achievement. Despite her face photographing well, she is certainly podgy. In addition to the physical decline, from this time on, she would in principle lose credibility as a serious actress with a number of completely forgettable (and worse) roles for her credit. Much the same could be said of Burton. After his short-lived theatrical stargazing, he won Hollywood fame and happiness. But his work from this time forward (1968) would at least be unnoticed. <br /> <br /> For a long time, Noel Coward had ceased to be a force in the theater, where his comics comedies had been replaced by like Williams and the British "angry young men". He seems to be happy to rent it up, but barely manages to entertain it, from the man who claimed such a talent. The only throwing member who maintains his dignity is young Joanna Shimkus, who for a few years would leave a promising screen career to become Mrs Sidney Poitier. <br /> <br /> "Boom" series of complacency; It is simply out of control. A rather sad point indicates that careers went wrong instead of a casual party that some have suggested.
