It's a bad season for Bollywood with all the great releases with a massive hype around that turns out to be duds at the box office. London Dreams is no exception to that. Let's dissect it ... It's about chasing your dreams and how far will you go to achieve it. Sounds impressive right? But unfortunately the movie is not. <br /> <br /> Arjun (Ajay Devgan) is an aspiring musician who will make it big one day. His dream is to perform at the Wembley Stadium in front of a 90,000 cheering audience calling his name. He is with two brothers, Zoheb & Wasim (debutants Aditya Roy & Ranvijay) and an amazing Priya (Asin). Together they form "London Dreams" their dream band. Having impressed the head of a record label, they become overnight sensations. Arjun is secretly in love with Priya, which he won't reveal until he reaches his goal. Arjun then brings his childhood friend Manjit Khosla aka Mannu (Salman Khan), a carefree flirtatious guy who has no ambitions in life to join their band. Mannu is a trained musician and a true talent for whom Arjun later became envious of Mannu's superior skills and his affair with Priya. Arjun using Zoheb plans to blush Mannu. What happened next forms the rest of the movies. <br /> <br /> Based on the technical aspects, we only feel the shadow of Vipul Amritlal Sha, whom we have admired in Namaste London. Felt that he simply visualized the manuscript. To cut it short, a glorified cameraman. Manuscripts by Suresh Nair dulls though it has its moments. Defined in a predictable way, the manuscript drills you into stiff. Camera work was great for capturing London's beauty. It's the only entertaining part while watching songs. <br /> <br /> Few songs are hummable while others are passable noisy fare. Ajay was the one who stole the show with its negative character. Salman is monotonous and he annoys you. Asin is forgettable, and I don't mean she'll make it big in Bollywood. Aditya Roy is impressive, while Ranvijay is strictly OK. Brinda as the bitch is what we have seen in countless films. Ompuri is in the process. I do not want to point out the errors as it will be a wonderful task. Finally, let me put it simply and straightforward, London Dreams is a fun movie that you might like to enjoy on DVD.
