London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustrating silly film about foolish people. It's the kind of movie whose central conflict could be resolved instantly if the characters simply sat down and had a chat. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop artist obsessed with performing before a cheering crowd at London's Wembley Stadium. He becomes jealous of his devoted best friend and bandmate Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is apparently more talented than him, but not as close as focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the latter's popularity threatens to shine its own. Now here is where a heart to heart could have helped. Had Arjun explained what this Wembley fixation meant to him, Manu would have benefited and let Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would have been spared the pain of seeing the rest of this uninspiring drive. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are not in the mood to make us any favors. London Dreams is filled with unintentional hilarious jewels such as the back story that involved Arjun's grandfather who committed shame to shame on a packed Wembley concert. Or the ridiculous event on a show where Manu is to take vocal responsibilities after a burst of confetti almost jumps Arjun in silence. That idiocy does not end there. In his attempt to publicly accuse Manu, Arjun uses his connections to get Manu attached to drugs. A buxom groupie invites Manu to put a pair of tequila shots with her, but replaces her salt with cocaine. Before you know, Manu has acquired a bit of appetite for the addictive white powder, which virtually chomp it down like dinner. If that is not stupid enough, there is a raw scene later, where Manu is hunting for the girl to find out who she has taken orders from. The persecution ends in a dark London alley, where the girl comes down to the knees pretending to make it relentless to mislead Manus's boyfriend, who secretly follows them. Wait, there's more! Expect to celebrate hysterically when Arjun snatches his belt and whispers mercilessly to ban any thought of romance or desire for the band's premier dancer Priya (played by Asin) because nothing and no one must distract him from his musical goals. For generously inspired by Milos Foreman's Amadeus to deserve any comparison with last year's Rock On !, Vipul Shah's latest is a lumpy melodrama that is just as loosely directed as it is written. The film goes to broad humor, over-the-top emotions, and largely chooses volume over subtlety. It works for Manu's character, with Salman Khan playing everything loutish and lovable, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan comes in passive with a performance that is mostly internalized. When Arjun reaches a boiling point, however, it results in an awkward pre-climax scene where he refines a packed concert hall and is understandably pelted with plastic bottles as punishment. Of the remaining cast there is not a friendly word I can say to Asin, who practically illuminates Ghajini with his ebullient charm, but disappoints here with unnecessary overburden in a ruthless role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to just sidekicks in the band, appear regularly, usually to pronounce a spooky dialogue like, "We'll rock that guy!" London Dreams is ultimately a boring watch for its poor writing and blurred direction. If you have to, watch it for Salman Khan, who has turned buffoonery into a bonafide play. It's the only thing that makes you smile in this sad, sad movie.
