When this film was first shown on television, I had great hopes that we would finally get a decent movie about World War I as experienced by American soldiers. Unfortunately, it is not. It should have been a good movie about WWI. Although it was made for television, it is obvious that a real effort was made to use appropriate equipment and props. But writing and managing is a great deal, even though the film's decision makers of course borrow freely from a few wartime war films. War movie cliches abound as the arrogant general who does not seem to care about his men's life. When will Hollywood realize that while there have been lots of bad generals, most of the fighting generals have seen lots of struggle themselves and are not naive about what the average shallow is experiencing? The first part of this movie seemed to be "Paths of Glory" with American uniforms. Except that "Joy paths" were emotionally gripping. Later, Chamberlain's charge (except uphill) was from "Gettysburg" and even the capture of the American soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from "The Thin Red Line". But in "The Thin Red Line" the soldier was alone when he was caught. In this movie, a ring is formed around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle. <br /> <br /> If this movie is used by a military advisor, they ignored him. Although the actors (and I could never forget that they were actors while watching), military tactics did not make much of it. The American soldiers would stand up to be shot while the Germans attacked. And the infamous Storm Troopers, who apparently were blind, seemed to use no tactic at all in their attacks. In the real war, the tactics were what made storm soldiers so effective. But the silliest scene was attacked by the German flamethrowers. In this scene, the German flame writers went on a broad line against the defending Americans. If it had been right, they would never have been close enough to use their flamethrowers before they had all been dropped by the defenders' bullets. Okay, so most war movies are unrealistic when it comes to the tactics shown. But it is still disappointing. But what really struck me with this flick was the typical anti-war anti-military angle that filmmakers seem to think is important. True, war is hell. But most American soldiers, even though they blur and grab, tend to believe what they are doing and can be a little gung-ho about it. My grandfather served in World War I. And even though he died four years before I was born, I was told how proud he was of his service.
