Film's leading role children's actors put themselves on their backs from the beginning. While there are some exceptions, most children just can't act and even those who usually get annoying after a few minutes. The kids in Paperhouse have managed to catch the worst of both worlds, as they are both very annoying and they do not have an ounce of functioning ability between them. Shortly said; they are bad. This is not good considering that they are the leaders, and this is especially not good when considering the fact that it is almost impossible to take this movie seriously because of the garbage dumpers. It is a pity that this movie is such a dead loss since the plot is not (not quite). It follows a young girl who, after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook, wakes up in the fantasy world she has created. It soon turns out for her that she can manipulate this world through her drawings and then set out to make various changes until her dream becomes a nightmare. Oh dear. As you can see, this plot gives a good base for a good fantasy horror movie. However, it is wasted through a series of fatal errors. First of all, despite the fact that the premise is an excellent precondition for lots of ingenuity; the movie is extremely old. The central plot is hardly played with it all, and the result is a totally boring experience. Lack of excitement is another big gaping mistake in the movie as it suits each sequence to a point you just don't care about (due to lack of ideas). Thanks to part of it being protagonists, the film feels like a kids movie all the way through. This can be expected as it stars children, but Bernard Rose should have decided the slope that he wanted to put the story in place. as horror in the movie is at best ridiculous. The film is also very cheesy, and the "romance" between the two leaders is extremely cringe-worthy and gives very painful viewing. In fact, if I were to summarize this travesty in one word, I would choose 'painful'. Paperhouse is poorly constructed, ridiculously plotted, very grainy and boring on the whole. Save yourself the pain, see something else.
