The eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we would call markings of a scientific document today: rather than mentioning experts or sources to support it, it simply says without resistance what it wants us to believe will admit that American journals from that period were also much less regulated than it seems to be ethical to a modern audience, often deploying dramatized scenes and handing them over as actual news recordings). Add to this directed propaganda the fact that filmmaker Hippler was "preaching to the reverse", not so much asking gentile Europeans to hate the Jews as validating the feelings that many of them must have already kept for allowing the Holocaust, followed. The weakest link in the film's logic shows in its "rat" analogy, where it continues to explain the behavior of rats and then adds something to the effect of "good, the Jewish people are also like that." Likewise, the Jewish people characterize as ugly by showing ugly Jewish people to attractive pagans; The accompanying leap of faith is that ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict a few times, for example, by attacking Western painters, who portrayed Old Testament characters as bright Europeans; Thus, the text admits that so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is actually an intricate aspect of Christian culture. It also shows ghetto heads who voluntarily live in roach-infested filth, despite the supposed tax they have pushed, and then flip-flops by saying that these same unwanted lives live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave the ghetto. By the way, who wouldn't? The use of scenes from a well-known American film, the House of Rothschild, shows an equally bleak spread of logic. First, the film condemns that it has been made by Jews; then it is apparently used by hipples to verify the Jews' fraud (the alleged occurrence of poverty from ghetto heads, shown as a means of avoiding taxation, even though the "spin" of the Rothschild sign is that the Jews are taxed excessively); Finally, the Rothschild film has once again been executed to suggest that the famous banking family invented the control account. This apparent indecision as to whether or not the US recording is positive or negative can become more evident with repeated outlook, but at first glance, it gives some foam film. For all eternal Jewish imperfections, I was first surprised that the IMDb viewer rating for this movie is as high as it is, just shy of a "5" to date. I would say that the reason is that EJ's documentary value has exceeded its original purpose and unintentionally offers us a look at the lives of European Jews, as they would not be seen for a few years. Needless to say, the very badness of the film also gives a historical insight into bad or simply evil, film production as the propagandist's tool. At this point, I would expect Director Hippler to flip-flop again, jumping out to say, "That's what I was going to do all the time!" The scenes depicting animal species are particularly cruel and show the same as certainly inhumane, as opposed to the intention of the Kosher Law to prevent animal suffering. I would like for anyone who has seen the movie and has some knowledge of these procedures to comment on whether the depiction is correct.
