La Chute de la Maison Usher or Fall of Usher House, as it is known by English audiences, starts with Allan (Charles Lamy) heading to the castle of his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt) who sent him a letter to his wife Madeleine is ill. Once there, Allan Madeleine finds herself very ill and her husband, Roderick, is determined and almost obsessed with painting her portrait. As Roderick painter Madeleine gets weaker and weaker almost as if the picture drains her life out, Allan tries to help her friend, but the tragedy soon hits ... <br /> <br /> This French production was written, produced and directed by Jean Epstein and became the second of two filmed The Fall of the House of Usher adaptations in 1928, honestly I do not know that the original novel was released in 1839, I believe you are waiting for 89 years for a filmed adaptation and two came together at the same time! Still, I feel I have a bit of a problem here since I have read lots of positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher and maybe I'm not the right kind of person to comment on it, but I have to say that It simply didn't do anything for me. I did not like it, of course it is the first to say that this is a silent movie and therefore it is dependent on imaging, but even so I thought the story was weak, I thought as a whole that the movie was boring and boring, even though it lasts only about an hour, and it didn't matter to me at all. La Chute de la Maison Usher was made almost 80 years ago and it has literally been a lifetime, the world, cinema and taste have moved much since then and I found no pleasure in this movie. I feel that this movie is dated badly & probably it wasn't that good to start with anyway. I never felt for any of the characters, I never cared about anything that happened, and I found it pretty boring to sit through, I'm sorry if I have offended any silent movie fans out there, but that was it way I felt. <br /> <br /> Director Epstein is doing an OK job, there are many people going over to the picture in La Chute de la Maison Usher and I will freely admit that it certainly has that moment, but I thought they were few and far between. Shots of human mouth moving and not actually hearing what they say just seemed strange to me, I didn't like the music, and the version I saw kept the original French language insert cards that were told by guy with it most horrible sounding thick French accent which was also out to put. Based on Edgar Allen Poe's story, I doubt that this is very similar to that of one or two basic elements, keep the amazing Roger Corman House of Usher with Vincent Price. Technically, the movie was OK considering when it was made. You simply cannot tell about the play that no one ever speaks, even though the film is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try and suggest emotions or reflect on what happens to scale, but after a while it just looks a little out. <br /> <La Chute de la Maison Usher will appeal to those who want a bygone era, living in caves or stuck in the past, for me I like my movies having a story, not drilling and have sound & I'm sorry if the last sentence makes me sound like an uneducated idiot, but that's how I feel. The world has moved since 1928 and for the better.
