Jean Seberg did not have an iota of working talent. Like all of his films, Bonjour tristesse does not suffer from his appearance at all (though perhaps she is the first of modern women Tom Wolfe pleasantly describes as "a boy with breasts": publishers obviously use the word "gamine"), but suffer tremendously from Seberg's boring, monotonous, killed voice. In all of her films, when it was necessary to play anger, Seberg played the roughly audible, distracting, sparkling pledge between her monotonous drone verbalizations. Oy. <br /> <br /> Preminger's adaptation of Françoise Sagan's breathless juvenile fantasy soap opera plot is remarkable only for his lush cinematography - but then it's hard to work on the photogenic French Riviera and perhaps for his apt, but certainly not groundbreaking, employing black and white for today's scenes, from which Seberg's monotonous tale gives us the flashing back to the color past. <br /> <br /> For a short while, Juliette Gréco, like a black-and-white spotlight chanteuse nightclub that delivers smoky Dietrichesque, matches the gloomy existentialist song of the title song. This moment is today in the back more than a little drool. Except of course if you are French - especially if you are a French "68" who yearns for the glorious days of the barricades around the Sorbonne - and your child rebels to preserve the lifelong synecures that have blurred and emasculated France's economy: then you still believe in Sartre and Foucault and all such race, irrelevant theorists. <br /> <br /> David Niven has the toughest role to play with enough well-being an aging hedonist who does not yet understand that life is not all about Sagan's teenybopper notions of a hip, cool, swingin ', " mon copain! " Papa. Deborah Kerr delivers its usual and completely professional presence, convincingly playing the woman who unfortunately suffers Seberg's spiteful teenaged snot-nose jealousy (fulfilling Sagan's meticulous fantasy of the classic theme "there can only be one queen bee in the hive"); In fact, Kerr is the only major and memorable feature of the film. The dialogue is unnatural - I agree with a previous reviewer who said it sounds "badly translated" from French; combine the unnatural scripting with Seberg's incomparably boring, endless monotonous and you can save Valium for another night. On top of all that the outrageously synchronized mail production tuning link is, almost all, obvious and so much more than annoying: This is especially true for the duplication of Mylène Demongeot because it otherwise spoils her otherwise very pleasant silly blonde performance. <br /> <Hunky Geoffrey Horne gets the short end of the stick here - a very nice young man who also suffers from a less than lovely, unchemical voice that, when paired with Seberg's drone, provides unbeatable scenes of puppy life. (Horne was, let's say it's only sufficient in the "Bridge On the Kwai River", perhaps because his end was stopped by the major movie profiles of William Holden and Jack Hawkins instead of being supported by the unfortunate involuntary Seberg) . <Br /> <br /> In sum 'Bonjour tristesse' it is nice to look at, but it is low, immature soap: thin whey with suds.
