It is obvious that the people who made 'Dead At The Box Office' love B-movie horror. Coated references to the genre are permeated throughout, from stock figures (the authority figure that does not believe in the monstrous invasion, really happens) to Kevin Smith's style discussions to restore Duane Jones' last moments from 'Night of the Living Dead' not once. times. <br /> <br /> Making a good movie takes more than love. <br /> <br /> Staging and shot choices are unexciting and imaginative. While an ordinary exhortation in the film school is to avoid the 'Mastershot Theater', which tells the story entirely in a broad master shot, we find here the difference as in several sequences, it is difficult to find out spatial relationships between characters as the story is told in a series of media shot without creating shot to tie it together. Editing is boring and basic, and sometimes there are unmotivated cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, making the scenes in the dark theater difficult to handle (was there lighting, or was it just shot with free light?). Some shots are out of focus. The dialogue is tired and the performances, mostly one-note (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and screen presence as Curtis, and the co-player playing the projectionist, has some pleasant dickish line readings, Michael Allen Williams as theater director and Casey Kirkpatrick as enthusiastic film geek Eric has some good moments). The principle is stupid, even for a B horror flick. (That too is too bad. Dr Eisner was unaware of Project Paperclip - he could have saved himself many problems!). The 'zombies' are non-threatening and their makeup is not convincing (though the lumpy zombie is trying to get a gumball out of the machine raised a smile). For a zombie fan movie, there is very little blood or violence, even if what is, is handled quite well. The random music, while stylistically uneven, is sometimes good, and there are some good foley effects. The 'Time Warp' parody was a fun listen, even though the pictures went along with it, was less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the looped dialogue sounds flat. Was this shot not synchronized (doubtful, it looks like video through and through)? I saw the special introduction of Troma Films' Lloyd Kaufman before the main function - although it consisted mainly of Kaufman who plugs his own stuff and admitted that he had not seen the movie while someone hit a Toxie mask, its production and entertainment values higher than "Dead ..." itself (fast aside for the one who puts the DVD together - the countdown on the movie director beeps only on the flash frame 2, not on each number plus one more after). For that matter, the vampire movie theaters are seen so early in 'Dead ...' so much more entertaining than this. Recommendation to avoid unless you know someone involved in the production or is an avid Lloyd Kaufman completist (he plays 'Kaufman the Minion' in film-in-a-movie). <br /> <br /> (Complete information: my boyfriend is an extra in this movie. I swear this hasn't colored my review.)
