An answer to previous comments from residents of the region where this film was lent: A person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean View Amusement Park led to a downturn in the surrounding neighborhoods. This is simply not true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64, which bypasses the Ocean View area, the primary route of traffic went through the heart of Ocean View. When the interstate was completed, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town with closure of businesses and an increase in crime. This led to a tremendous decline in park revenues, which also faced new competition from nearby Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, in the past few years, the City of Norfolk has made remarkable efforts to promote reconstruction so that the area has become a sought-after place for high-end housing construction. It has also been said that the destruction of the roller coaster was used in the film "Rollercoaster". This is also uncertain. Footage was shot by two coaster cars that used to run for that movie, but the actual explosions and crashes are exclusive to "Death of Ocean View Park". <br /> <br /> Regarding the movie itself, "supernatural" power in the water next to the park was certainly stupid, but somewhat typical of B-class movies of the time. With the cast involved, it would be no surprise that the landscape was gnawed in almost every scene by the primary actors. I don't think this movie was meant to be another "Citizen Kane"; I think Playboy was experimenting with a new non-nude format to determine if this was an area for the company to expand to (apparently not!). A strange force in the water, which caused strange events in an old amusement park, certainly succeeded well in the conference table, but turned out to be unmanageable. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were nevertheless destined for the destruction ball; "Let's come in a strange way to justify an explosive death!" <br /> <br /> For the casual movie viewer this would be a "watch once and forget about it" movie (except for Diana Canova fans); But for the thousands of people living in the region and fond of the park, this movie is like a "walk down memory lane" for footage of the park as well as old photos of downtown Norfolk, the first "Harborfest" and Old Dominion University. Even a limited edition of this movie on DVD would be welcome.
