An innocent man (Steve Guttenberg) has a one-night stand with his boss's wife (Isabelle Huppert). She looks like a woman (Elizabeth McGovern) is being attacked outside, but she can't call the police because it would blow her marriage with Gutenberg's boss (Paul Shenar). So Guttenberg, honest citizen, that he is, when he discovers that another woman was attacked and killed nearby only half an hour later, comes forward and claims to have witnessed the first attack, just to supply the information he has been given by Huppert. Well - never bear false witness against your neighbor as they say. <br /> <br /> This simple attempt to help the police neighbor a murderer is quickly twisted. When he meets the first closest victim, McGovern, she immediately flings to what happened, but advocates quiet for the moment. But then Guttenberg finds himself in court, should identify the tongue (Greenquist), and we discover through cross-examination that he is nearsighted and cannot identify objects at a distance, let alone faces. (Not that it matters, for he has never seen the creep in the first place.) The reason is almost labyrinthine. Guttenberg wins the main power when Huppert is also murdered. <br /> <br /> He barely escapes arrest and gaps with the now sympathetic McGovern. Guttenberg and McGovern hatch a plan to catch the killer. She will serve as bait. They will follow the diligent creep of one of his seedy haunted, and McGovern will act as the doxy that the killer is attracted to just trying to kill him. But everything will be okay, see, not only will Guttenberg keep an eye on her, and not only will he warn the police a few minutes after she has entered this dive, but she will keep a flower box handy - just in case. <br /> <br /> I ask you, the alarm, unfolds this scenario as planned? Elizabeth McGovern has a quirkily interesting bone structure. She works all mandible and small mouth at times, but she is alive. Steve Guttenberg has hair on his brawn and it's about it. Otherwise, he is as helpless as the character he plays. If Isabelle Huppert can act, it is not clear in this movie. The killer is so formed and so adorned that he looks like he has one of the deformation masks in the Twilight Zone episode of greedy heirs. Not the director Curtis Hanson continues to make "LA Confidential"? It was a fine job. Here everything seems lumpy and built up, down to the small parts. Just before the inevitable violent climax, a uniformed police officer is introduced to delay McGovern's rescue, and the scene is embarrassing to see. Dick Olsen has a lot as a late shopper. He is a nice guy and always reliable. Paul Shenar as the cuckolded hubby has a striking face that seems made to the stage and he also does a fine job. <br /> <br /> The louche joint where McGovern attracts the killer where she plays pool with a couple of hairy monkeys was shot in a bar in Carolina Beach, North Carolina, not far from where I lived. The way in which the interior is created, it is clear that this must be a dangerous and dirty dive. In fact, it looks more elegant on the screen than it did. <br /> All in all, this is the Hitchcock territory and it brings tears to the eyes to imagine what he would have done with this story.
