It is often said that Tobe Hooper just got lucky with his pigs 1974 scream movie 'The Texas Chain Saw Massacre', and each time I see another Hooper movie - this view is only amplified. It seems that Hooper wanted to make his own version of movies like Scanners and Firestarter in 1990, and then we end up with spontaneous combustion; a movie with a few good ideas and a whole load more that is borrowed from other movies. Put it all together and you get a messy, boring movie that most people would do well to miss! The film leads the audience to think that maybe it is half decent first with an exciting back story that focuses on some experiments done on two young people in the 50s. The couple have a child and then the card is burned to death due to the experiments performed on them. Fast forward some years and the baby is now an adult called Sam; But of course he is not a normal person and finds quickly when it is discovered that he has the ability to put things on fire as desired. <br /> <br /> The movie stars Brad Dourif, who should have seemed like a good choice given his success with Child's Play two years earlier; but it was actually an uninspired decision, as the central achievement is truly awful; and not helped by the horrible supporting beliefs. The turgid direction and boring script also do not favor many films, and the trend of missing favors is continued by the special effects that are very unrealistic and have nothing on the movies that this is ripping off; as all were made some years earlier. The reason is really slow, and it's almost an hour before some of the note happens, and I didn't care about it myself then. It soon becomes clear which direction the film will go into and it all boils down to the kind of boring end you would expect. The final confrontation is a big disappointment and nothing is really explained under the film. Not that any revelation would have been interesting anyway. All in all, this is a rubbish movie and another reason why Tobe Hooper is far from being a great actor. See Firestarter again instead.
