Bizarre Tobe Hooper exercise on an unfortunate young man (Brad Dourif) with the ability to set people on fire. This ability comes from parents who participated in nuclear experiments in the 50s. They die from spontaneous human burns and it seems that what Sam is suffering from is due to these pills, his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain), giving him too hard migraines. In fact, Lisa was asked to manipulate Sam to take the pills of Lew Orlander (William Prince), basically the kid's father who raised him from a child. Lew has benevolent plans. He sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man", a pure killer in human form. Sam would never have it here and would do whatever it takes to declare those responsible for his condition. As the film goes, Sam's blood slowly becomes toxic, green instead of red. It seems that water and other substances that often burn out react just the opposite when Sam's uncontrollable outburst of fire ignites. Come to find out, Lisa has Sam's condition if parents also die from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), one whom Sam has known for a long time as his doctor, is to insert toxic green fluids into their bodies, I guess to increase their flame level. Nina (Melinda Dillon, who plays an accent that fades in and out) was Sam's parent's friend and associated herself with the 50s experiments that are trying to talk to him about what's happening. And Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's ex-wife who can work against her former husband with Lew and Marsh to hurt him and Lisa. <br /> <br /> Quite a weird little horror flick, filled with some rather horrible flame retardant effects. Dourif tries to bring a tragic element and intensity to his character whose condition we continue to see as his body slowly becomes toxic waste with fire, which often ignites from his openings. There is this big hole in the arm that spits out flame like a volcano and a massive focal point on the hand that rises in size over time. The best scene is probably when director John Landis, who portrays a rude electrician trying to inform Sam about quitting because the radio program he is calling has sounded the night, becomes the victim of SHC. The girl never really works because it is so wildly uneven with a sudden and ridiculous final, where Sam offers to release Lisa from her fire by taking it from her.
