The title alone (along with the poster) is enough to give away "The Projected Man" as an obvious rip-off of "The Fly". And Bryant Haliday, while much better than the typical IMDb review would have you thinking, is no idea of ​​an acceptable stand-in for Vincent Price. Though, come to think of who would be unless Micheal Gough was available ?? But if you are in the mood to watch a British "Hammer" movie with a science fiction theme about a teleportation experiment that has gone horribly wrong ... still give 'The Projected Man' a passport and hold it around Remaining bin at your local Wal-Mart for another teleporter accident movie. Because this one just isn't that good. <br /> <br /> Haliday caught a lot of good natural ribbing from the MST3K crew for his role in this movie and in the "Devil Doll", but he is actually the best thing in the TPM. Maybe he can't carry the film, but he gets almost no help from the manuscript. The writing mills crash into any momentum that the plot may have in a mouth of nonsense about finance and university politics and a guy named Lembach and some eerie solitaire who wants the teleportation machine to fail so they can steal their secrets ... or something. So all the dramatic sequences in the first half of the movie involve either phone calls or convincing special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporting rats. So when poor Haliday is mutilated by his machine, he must spend the last part of the film wearing a diaper over half of his face and rubber cement over the rest while electrocing various Londoners who have the chance over his way. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using bullhorns could not have done this manuscript work. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, all the other actors are trying to inject life and interest into their roles for this hilarious little project, but the script just shuts off their efforts. The corrupt project administrator bursts and smokes the phone to his deterrents, who constantly fail to notice that he looks like a werewolf fitted with a two-piece suit and a Tattersall vest. Haliday's research assistant and ex-boyfriend has the least compelling romance in the history of British horrorbio. His secretary is forced to parade around in his "little ones". None of it really works or gels into a real movie. And it's just a stop for dead who leave the viewer, "Eh, excuse me, it shouldn't be here ENDING here". For all their problems, I still can You can easily name a dozen horror movies from the same period that were so bad or worse, and others who follow movies (or who have ever reviewed IMDb "Bottom 100"). I wouldn't actually pay money to own "Projected Man", but if it was included in some compilations along with a dozen other movies in a DVD collection, I'd probably feel OK to have it. It's a harmless diversion, perfect for a horror movie film festival, watching with friends while eating many beers and snacks on a Saturday night.
