Professor Paul Steiner does research on material transfer. He has developed a machine that he can use to make an object like a wristwatch or rodent disappear, to only get the item in another location. But there are those at his research facility who do not like or approve of his experiments and will do everything necessary to see that he does not succeed. After an erroneous demonstration that may have saved his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his machine on himself. As expected, it goes terribly wrong, and he is transformed into a heavily scared madman whose mere touch will kill. In retrospect, it might not be a good idea to see the expected man again. There seem to be only so many films about material transfer and the potentially dreadful effects it may have on the human body that a person should be made to endure for a three or four day period. I'm not sure what those responsible for the movie list as their source material for The Projected Man, but much of it is so similar to the Fly movies that it can't be random. However, the projected man is not as good as the worst airplane trilogy. Besides being terribly unoriginal, The Projected Man has several other problems that really hurt the movie's enjoyment. One big problem I have is with Bryant Haliday at the forefront. He is such a horse's ass that I not only care about his suffering, I actually do it. Supporting members Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so bland and boring that they hardly matter. In fact, there is very little to be excited about while watching The Projected Man. The sound track ?? not very memorable. The look "I will describe much of it as" muddy. "The plot predictable. The action there is none. All in all, this is one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Fortunately I saw The Projected Man via a copy of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 fun story, although it is not absolutely, very often, the poorer the movie, the better the MST3K riffs, the boys hit almost all their brands with The Projected Man, I give it a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my MST3K rating scale.
