Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventure after just moving to LA for work purposes (football player hubby David is now a Galaxy LA player after his transfer from Real Madrid) was originally a complete series but was fortunately shortened to only one hour or so. But even in this form it is still numbingly interminable. Like almost all 'reality' TV shows, most of the incident comes just as blatantly faked, with the program itself admitting that Posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actress. A Ugly-Betty lookalike we hear for a long time written and performed banter early (with an obvious joke about Beck's apparently dalliance with a former and rather more glamorous PA Rebecca Loos, even though she's called is not mentioned) with additional sequences involving one fake blowing doll to fool paparazzi and hopeless attempts to pitch a baseball. <br /> <br /> This could have been more entertaining if everyone had acknowledged that it was a piece of fluff and had an actor or impersonator in the lead. Talentistic Impressionist Ronni Ancona would have been perfect and is better at being Posh than Posh himself is, and if this more sensible decision had been made, much more fun and entertainment would have followed. we are back with the right thing here (Mrs Ancona may have rejected the script as too weak anyway) and although there are odd scattered attempts at self-defeat and irony, it never works remotely because of prior information about La Beckham's great wealth in advance and her inability to deliver wild jokes, despite the intentions of sending her image, comes across Mrs. Beckham as a low egoist, and her weak liners do not persuade us, she has some humorous self-awareness. I suppose, if a more realistic fly-on-the-wall documentary approach had been taken, namely Posh, who went down a street in LA and was completely ignored (instead of the hectic, staged scenes with mild hysteria on show here) and associates make indescribable jibes about th e previously mentioned Ms Loos, this would have made marginally better TV, but being sycophantic PR material, the bony self would never allow such events to happen. <br /> <br /> That said, the later scenes where she made a special look at the baseball stadium, where she was indifferently presented for an uninterested crowd show, will be hard times ahead if she wants to make it big in Hollywood.Her colleague Scary Spice (also known as Mel Brown) found it impossible to make the big resident of the movie the capital despite her affair (which was not completed) with the big name Eddie Murphy. Spice Girls was, of course, a massively successful bubblegum pop group in the mid-1990s, more in their home country of Great Britain, but still popular in other countries, including the United States. They were definitely fun at their highest pleasure (1997), as there seemed to be a brilliant period of optimism in Britain with Cool Britannia and a New Labor Government as Spice Girls seem ed to summarize better than anyone at that time, though It was something made. But they were never excellent musical or singing talents, and UK optimism seemed to fade quickly later that year (the starting point was undoubtedly the tragic death of Princess Diana), like the spices themselves. Their presence on the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious, and if they had all clearly moved out of the public with dignity to enjoy their fortunes, we would all have had pleasant memories encrypted in our minds without guilt. Unfortunately, the advent of the hideous 'celebrity' culture in the UK against the beginning of the millennium has paid these fantasies, and we all have a few thousand, if not millions of stories about the Spices since, Posh is the worst offender, with the rest of his colleagues not too far behind. It was recently announced that there will soon be a reunion tour that is confusing as they have never gone away and they certainly do not require any additions to their avenged bank accounts. Maybe it's because two of them are struggling with single mothers, maybe? It is soon time for Beck's adventure on a revelatory documentary next, I can hardly wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 10.
