I tend to love everything the great late Paul Naschy (RIP) ever was in. Although not all Naschy movies are big, they all have a special charm that doesn't exist anywhere but in Naschy flicks and they are always entertaining. However, there is no rule without exception, however, as "El Mariscal Del Infierno" aka. "The Devil's Possession" (1974) evidence. While the film has the specific Naschy-flick charm, unfortunately it draws too much and really gets really boring in between. Naschy stars like the evil Baron Gilles De Lancré, who suppresses the people and uses black magical and bloody rituals to remain in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), fighting side by side with Gilles De Lancré against the British, learns about Baron's evil behavior, he decides to turn to his former comrade in arms and help the people free from the satanic baron's tyranny ... The director of Leon Klimovsky, best known for controlling Naschy in "La Noche De Walpurgis" ("The Werewolf vs. The Vampire Woman", 1971), was the film written by Naschy himself. Naschy often wrote his own films, and one has to say that he mostly did a better and more original job than this is the case. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mostly built up as a historical adventure rather than a horror movie, and it gets pretty boring throughout the middle. It often looks like Swords and Sandals from the 50s, only that this film is set in the Middle Ages. The satanic part was probably added only because the great Paul Naschy's name is attached to the horror genre. The film has its good parts: Paul Naschy gives strange speeches, Paul Naschy looks weird, Paul Naschy makes satanic things, Paul Naschy tortures innocent victims, etc. Unfortunately, the majority of the boring hero and the good guys concentrate and these moments are boring . The female cast members are nice to watch, but unlike most Naschy films, this one has no nudity and sleaze. There is something going on, but it looks pretty clumsy and is not that fun to watch as is the case with most other Naschy films. Overall, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is only worth a visit for my other Naschy enthusiasts. There are dozens of films starring in the Spanish horror deity to be seen before, such as "El Jorobado De La Morgue", "1973", "La Orgia De Los Muertos" ("The Hanging Woman", 1973), "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba "," Horror Rises From The Tomb ", 1973)," Latidos De Panico "(" Panic Beats ", 1983)," Rojo Sangre "by" Waldemar Daninsky's Werewolf Film. REST IN PEACE. Paul Naschy. Legends never die!
