It is quite clear that the director and production staff set up to paint a less than flattering image of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its website try to mean that Ayat has a secret reason to blow herself and Rachel up - a sweetheart problem - perhaps pregnancy. Just over the fact that Ayat himself had witnessed a close friend's death in the hands of the Israelis - right outside her home. Gosh, why on earth would a young, handsome, intelligent girl with college plans go and do something like that? Could it be that the hormonal emotional teenager was traumatized by seeing someone she loved die before her eyes? This detail deserves every 5 seconds in the movie. Another nice addition is that Avigail Levy, Rachel's Mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building in which the Akhras family lived (along with 22 other families). You get a clear impression that she is offering it as a "concession" - Mrs Akhras must accept to speak to her. "Why should I?" she says. (Since the film was made, the home was destroyed - apparently the interview did not result in what she wanted - so bring the bulldozers) Mrs Levy claimed that she "would have the movie being cathartic as well as a symbol of hope, a chance to transcend enchanted hatred "- instead, she uses it as an excuse to scare Ayat's mother while she scares the house like a carrot. Moreover, even though the two women live only 4 miles apart, is she without contact with the realities of the occupation of her Palestinian neighbors that she really believes that Mrs Akhras can just get rid of a cup of coffee? Please.And she escapes the only chance she had to meet Mrs Akhras personally and see what kind of life she lives. (The Akras family originally came from Jaffa, but now reside in a refugee camp, only 4 miles from where Levys lives in comparative luxury. Any sympathy I would have had for obviously doing Mrs Levy is dissolved by her air of self-righteous bitchiness. City contrast, Ayat's mother comes out as kind, fair and loving - despite the fact that the post production staff strives to paint her and her family as monsters.Heck himself the music and sound design was one-sided - I think the muezzin sings all over The day every day 4 miles from the Levy family's home, always in a strong contrasting key from the sappy new-age music that assesses this sorry excuse for a documentary. There is also the little question of translations - Mrs Levy directly addresses the camera in English when she has something to say in advance, Hebrew when she does not. nt for a presumably objective film. They also sweated her under the lights while Mrs Levy sat in (air-conditioned) comfort. editing for Mrs Akhras' segments as well. I gave it a 2 because I liked Ayat's mother and father, who seemed like good decent people. Shame on HBO, manufacturers and directors, to release such a stink bomb.
