When I first popped in Congratulations to me, I checked the timer to see how long the movie was. I was amazed at the length. Both animated and horror movies share a common ground: attention-grabbing for the chosen audience, and it should be on or about 90 minutes. Something more and you will lose the majority of your audience. <br /> <br /> This 110 minutes or 20 minutes past its prime was a big problem for me. I'd like to say that half of this movie could have been edited, but I'd be too generous to say it. Go ahead and see it and tell me how many scenes could have been edited, even without being a movie big. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the overhauled visit, the movie was mediocre. It all spent its time trying to be this great mystery on which of the "elite 10" kills the remaining friends. For the most part, they not only leave it, but they zoom in on a face and say pretty much "It's this guy! No! It's that crazy!" You will spend more time when the camera misleads you than you actually enjoy in the movie. And don't get me started on the actor. <br /> <br /> Okay, it got me started. I had to laugh in the beginning trying to remember if Melissa Sue Anderson played the character blinded at Little House on Prairie (later, the research showed my suspicions correctly) all the way through this movie she saw really blind. Strange, as an established actress, she should have been the best of the group, but turned out the worst. The rest of the staff, except Ann (Bregman) were also quite wrong, but she took you the cake. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a group of ten friends and you are killed immediately. Hardly anyone thinks twice of this "dear" friend disappears, so they continue in their merry way. Slowly, so faster, there are revelations about Virginia's (Anderson), the protagonist, the past, and her psychologist, who is a bit more personal (AND ABOUT CALL 24/7, apparently) than most shrink. Yet more and more deaths occur. It's fun, just as the first "disappear", the more "best buds" disappear, the less it is the rest. Sure, they give a few seconds of air time to say "Wow, (the person) just wouldn't run", etc. But then they're back in their sexual ways. And it is probably spoken by the horrible script, or maybe it was I who lost interest in the minute 30, but it was really hard to keep an eye on who liked who of the group as they all seemed to be sexual partners of the next or someone would either be freaked out to the MAX by another and best friends the next scene. SE: the creepy guy who held a mouse / rat in his pocket? literally ?? and was the most obvious suspicion. I give the film too much credit (and time), but how did he become part of the elite 10? I never know. <br /> <br /> But I'm going down there, that's a mystery here. Why are these kids goals? Why does Virginia think she's killed anyone when it was never proven ('to the end') that any of them have actually been slaughtered? And why should the trailer and poster claim that these killings are "six of the most bizarre murders you will ever see"? Hell, even for 1981, most of them had been shown in any of the first two Friday the 13th movie? Randomly, Friday the 13th part 2 was released 2 weeks before the congratulation day to me. Maybe they are talking about when they filmed it months before, but were late for the party. <br /> <br /> When the "secrets" are revealed, believe me you'll have to rewind 3 -4x to actually get the ridiculous and incoherent motives, and even put the subtitles on to get all that mumbling word of the victim / murderer. Even if you get it the first time, it's an incredibly monstrous and hilarious finale. It's almost worth seeing the whole movie again, but as a drinking game. <br /> <br /> This birthday collection should be avoided. It's a terrible and illogical first draft script ?? Please know that it requires more rewrites before the camera's role. It contains either way during acting or extreme action, and it is 100% unrealistic how people react in exceptional circumstances. Page Note: Since I was a child, or say 10-11 years old, I loved horror movies. We make our first video recorder and I've recorded so many horror movies from the network (or EDITED VERSIONS) TV. All I remember about Happy Birthday to Me is getting the last 10 minutes on tape that scared me to death ?? and of course gave away the great mystery of who the killer was. Although I've seen other clips of this movie, I think this is the first full-length view I've had. Fortunately, this horrible film did not hurt me like a child. I am older now and I can take this trash can. But never again. Side Note 2: That said, it is crazy "Happy Birthday to Me" song played in the final credits (and as a point throughout), still stifling me incredibly. I suppose this movie (or the last few minutes) had an influence on my childhood. Shame on you, Melissa Sue Anderson!
