Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? When we are introduced into the world of the world's peoples of 1901 America, this opens three actions for us using "The Stage Manager", a visual narrator if you want. After his first introductions, we have entered the home of two particular families; Web and Gibb's. <br /> <br /> This is absolute Mediterranean America at the turn of the century and the progressive lifestyle of the American dream and its saccharine overtones that may seem a bit biased in this dream city. Here we see the everyday life of some of its 2642 peoples in Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, although there are also migrant Polish workers who add another 500 numbers, and they never see. <Br /> <br /> When the daily lives of these families have been introduced; Wives cooking, children home work, fathers working, children falling in love and the clean chopped fences painted white, the second action started three years later, after young George (a young and irrevocable William Holden, then 22 years) and Emily is in love and intends to marry. Blooming love birds reach the stars and also reach a turning point in their own lives, from the nest they lived and now into the youth's anxiety and misery, they strive nervously. The third act is a little more sour and preventive, it is in this act that the intentions of the film become clear, here we do not see life, not party, but death, and in this situation they died as they return to Reclaiming and reconciling their own lives is here to remind us to tell us that life and every last minute not all noble spirit must be wasted and wasted. <br /> <br /> It is in this last third that the film's own political stance also seems to be more clearly felt by a propaganda supporter of the moral lecture on and in Central America and how it should lead the home and how it should Put it in order. It's not just about "our" city, it's moral poetry directed at "our" souls and how America can improve itself if its peoples "(excluding the Poles, Irish, Native Americans, and liberated ethnic minorities" and minorities "in general , plus Americana's supportive backbone, which has not yet had a fair role in this narrative), as the middle class, can live up to the expectations of the American dream through honest, decent living. US dream dealers with only special invitation. <br /> <br /> I was also entertained by this movie too, but I felt that its story had a stronger influence than anything else that participated in it, albeit gentle play, musical score, or how good, or Not, it was made. It was the intent of the movie to exclude other groups, and to include only Webb and Gibbs as in the future of the United States developing country, a good movie, but also a bit biased in its attitude, I thought. <br /> <br /> Taken by the American foot Thornton Wilder (1897-1975), this Pulitzer award-winning game and six Oscar nominated films focused on the eternal movement of life and its three main attributes; Life, love, and death come to the speech translation on celluloid as a little to the right blur of social consciousness. Our city begins with what seems like a lesson in meaninglessness, like other cities, nothing happens too exciting ever here, if anything at all, this city has only the "real kind of people", you can still let your back door unlock Here, we see these two family's developing countries, but it is their moral and social attitude that is more important than themselves. Our city may just have been "every city" as long as you came from the right part of town, that is.
