There is an interesting discussion in this movie. Are you a moral person well enough, or do you need anything more? The film preaches that without God's guidance, it is not enough to be a morally good person. There is a line early in the movie: "You and I can look at a person who is morally good, but both know he must go to hell." <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian, the discussions about this during the film were fascinating, but not in the way the film intended. I left the movie with a stronger sense of being morally good * is * enough. The arguments and discussions that were presented were heavily strained, so much so that they broke into their own ignorance. Fanaticism can be a powerful thing, especially when it is incomplete and undeveloped. As George Carlin's character in Dogma said, "Squeeze them while they are young". The basic premise is also a very interesting one. A Bible school from the 1890s is trying to publish a book saying that morality without God is OK as long as morality is meaningful. Do you only tell a child that you are not stealing? Or don't you tell him to steal because God doesn't tell you that? (Do not disturb to educate what tells the child not to steal because, yes, how would he notice if it was his marble being stolen?) The author Carlisle wants his school to recommend help to sell the book (to spread world). However, it needs unanimous consent, and one of the scholars opposes it. He brings up a very interesting discussion early in the film of morality for moral sake versus God's word argument. To prove his point, he produces a time machine (insert the movie solely to do the plot work, which I'm fine with) and sends Carlisle to the year 2002 to see where teaching morality without God will guide us. /> <br /> As it should be obvious, he has his mind and is changed by what he sees, and has turned himself at the time of his return (for he returns, it's not really a spoiler, it's a Bible the movie after all). <br /> <br /> As for the movie itself, it's pretty slow and pretty bad. Something that wasn't needed in this movie is that it produces two "evil" people who will try to figure out who Carlisle is, even if he hasn't hurt anyone, committed a crime or something. What's wrong with the movie, which just shows Carlisle's opinion, shows his view of this "sinful world" and returns him with a new point of view? <br /> <br /> There are also a few points in the movie that confirm me that I'm happy that I'm not a Christian or at least someone who says "It's God or nothing". Three at the end of the movie disturbed me right. First, when the two "evil" corners of Carlisle just before he jumps, Carlisle makes his * only * truly despicable act .. he falls as if his time jumping is coming Jesus, and makes it the "evil" (who is also Christian btw, oddly enough, think they just missed the rapture. <br /> <br /> Then, after Carlisle returns, he finds a boy where he scolded at the beginning of the film not to steal (but not to mention God, child kept the marbles and ran away) and told him The time to steal is wrong because God orders it. Like the Carlin quote above, scary children in religion are a faux-pass in my book. And finally, the epilogue. Another scare tactic. Carlisle asks the inventors how far into the future they could go, and he says he doesn't know. The epilogue shows him trying to disguise a Bible in the distant future (starting 2100), and it fails. He keeps waning the years by 10, and again, and by fade-out, he's like 2030 or so. Throughout the film, Carlise mentions that he felt the end of the world coming because the world was abundant with sin and the loss of God's name. Scary tactics have been in use for thousands of years .. you would think in these enlightened times, the church would also have enlightened. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I saw this movie. While I was pretty sure before it was moral, it was good enough, now I know it for a fact. Worth looking at if you are not a Christian, to confirm how happy you are, is not as ignorant as the people in this movie.
