I pick up Time Changer because it looked like a nice low cost budget scifi time travel movie and I was in the mood for something like that. The description said it had something to do with some biblical things and time travel, but I didn't expect a fundamentalist Christian movie! <br /> <br /> The movie had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have gone places and been far more interesting than it ended up being. Our hero, who is a Bible professor from the 1890s, travels to the end of the 2000s and finds out that modern life is filled with the effects of evil - Jesus is nowhere to be found. This wonderful technological accomplishment has been achieved with the help of a fellow-teacher who somehow managed to invent a functional HG-Wells styling machine. The movie starts to lose credibility at this time, which is unfortunate because it happens very early in the movie. Earlier (or perhaps later on, cannot remember safely), our entire professor was seen teaching what seemed to be a science class where he claimed that scientific results could only be considered validated if it could be matched with what the Bible says. What should be obvious to everyone is that this is clearly not what the scientific method is about, but it is presented so that the filmmakers seem to prefer the view that science is only useful if it supports their claims and otherwise not is useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, this belief is valid and reasonable in the context of the sign at that time. So, if we accept it as life facts for these Bible professors, then the professor who invented the time machine is, of course, not a very strong believer as I do not believe there is any evidence (and no one was offered) for the physics of time travel in the Bible. So immediately there is a problem with mixed messages and credibility there, but not against ... <br /> <br /> After the professor is convinced to take the plunge into the future, the shock of modern technology was handled quite well in most cases. It was also fun to have it not attached to a precise year (as the sign reads the date from a newspaper to itself, a car has a horn and it scares him to finish the date: it's just two thousand and ... * honk *). Some of the shock, however, went a little too long. For example, the car was one of the first things he met when he arrived, and about two days later he was invited to a church filmed and took a ride in a van. He sticks his head out through the window as a dog might be, afraid of the headlights and starter, etc. It seemed a little away since he had been there a few days at this time, and the city seemed to be quite busy with Traffic. In any case, it's easy to ignore. The rest of the tech chock was well done - especially his first meeting with the TV, which was delayed because he didn't even know what it was before he saw a child watching one and using a remote control. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our very predictable begin to preach to virtually anyone he meets as if he is authority over all life and religion just because he is of the past and is an elder. Eventually he gets a brief moment in the light of the church where he has visited, where he continues to explain his concept of Christianity to them in a long monologue that had to move and insight, but for the most part was just more of the same . A few men in the church begin to get a fun feeling of this guy (go figure) and examine his name. They finally conclude that he is either a travel worker or publishes this long-term Bible professor and decides to find out who it is. The movie hits these guys as non-believers to be skeptical. <br /> <br /> Just before the professor returns to his own time, he is confronted with these two men. In an attempt to avoid being arrested or withdrawn, he eventually breaks an almost insane rant about how Jesus is coming soon, and that he is a prophet to listen to him. Over time, he is whisked away, and one of the husbands wonders if it might be the rapture he'd heard so much about. The irony is that this essentially means that the professor became a self-proclaimed (and most likely false) prophet claiming to know that the rapture was near and he was sent by God when he was truly sent by his fellow-writer and had no one divine knowledge (it was said or even suggested). <br /> As I understand, Revelation claims that the time of the end is only for God to know, and at the end of the movie we see the inventor professor trying (and failing) to send a Bible into the future. First, 2080, then 2070, etc. When the scene falls out. Obviously he is trying to determine the exact date of the end times - which he should not know! Essentially, the whole premise of the movie itself is interrupted because, by being so insistent on their religious beliefs and how certain things are for God only, it means that there could never be a time machine in the first place, for then mankind could find out something that only God should know! The whole film's premise collapses and makes the whole thing basically worthless, as it ultimately undermines its own credibility.
