One of the more 'literary' Lone Stars, with time spent on character development and interaction, dialogue and acting. The opening scene puts the scene (literally) for the gambler personalities, Kansas Charlie (Eddy Chandler) and his companion John Scott (John Wayne) Rodeo (says the Roh-Day-Oh) star, both of which are slightly randy. The film follows their adventures as they try to tie each other in the pursuit of the Mexican Juanita, and later in their pursuit of perky Mary Kornman, who has the inevitable evil brother (though he had been seduced by the real villain and wants to repent ). And oh, of course, they are mistakenly accused of two crimes and have to earn jail time before they escape and are liberated at the end. The highlight is Scott all the time and conscious of pushing Maria's ass in her grocery store and knocking off the ladder she is standing on so he can catch her and grab her as she falls. It all seems a little modern to a 30's western, but it sounds better than it actually is. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the exciting action elements we find in many other Lone Stars are missing here. No Yakima Canutt. Inexpensive and poor use of stock footage by riders falling off horses. No George Hayes. Tedious Stooge-like bi-play between Scott and Charlie, with Charlie swinging in Scott, Scott stomping on his foot and then slaughtering him (repeated twice!). The talented Paul Fix is ​​underutilized. Eddy Chandler himself, here in his big star swing, is not really credible as a randy sideskop. The villain looks too old and fat. The same goes for Chandler, who spent his later career in 300 more films as an unredited meatloaf. Mary Kornman, from her twenties "Our Gang" (see 'Mary, Queen of Tots' 1925) is cute in her scenes with John Wayne, but it's about it for that. Seeds of a better western lie buried here. <br /> <br /> P.S. The ultra-short colored version, which looks good, moves as fast as it gets past if you blink more than once. Fortunately, the embarrassing scenes of Eddy Chandler have been cut.
