When Marlene Dietrich was labeled box office married in 1938, one of a handful of actresses named by the merchants was the movie like The Garden of Allah. How a movie could be so breathtakingly beautiful to see and be so incompletely boring is beyond me. Also, how Marlene, if she tried to expand her reach and not play a sexual pot, was stuck with such an old-fashioned story is beyond me. <br /> <br /> One of the very first films in modern technicolor, The Garden of Allah was a novel set at the turn of the last century by Robert Hitchens, who then collaborated on a play adaptation with Mary Anderson running for 241 shows in 1911-12. It then got two silent screen adaptations. The story is about a monk running away from the monastery into French Tunisia to see some of the things he has missed in the world. He runs into a similarly protected woman who was unmarried and spent her primary year caring for a sick parent. She now travels in the desert and the two meet on a train. The woman is of course Marlene and the shining monk is Charles Boyer. I'm not sure what was in David O. Selzick's mind in filming this story. Someone like Ingrid Bergman could have made it tasty to the audience. But you can bet that the cinematic public in 1936, when they plunged their money down for a ticket, they expected to see Marlene as a modern Salome rather than a saint with that title. The public still remembers Rudolph Valentino, and one can bet that it was a desert novel and seduction that they had expected. <br /> <br /> As for the monks, remember that they themselves support their monasteries and this one bottles a special wine on which Boyer happens to be the one with the secret. The monastery will have to rethink the economy if Boyer leaves. The monks are a sincere pious group, but from the principal Charles Waldron they have the right to be a little concerned about self-interest. <br /> <br /> Yet, a lot of religious jokes are being said here by a few wires that don't really fit the parts. Most especially Marlene Dietrich. I would watch this movie with an eye for the special color desert movie and forget about the plot.
