I really would really like Julian Po. I think Slater is undervalued as an actor and that many of the supporting players here are better than they can demonstrate in this movie. I'm aware that this is based on a short story I haven't read. So I do not know what I see as the movie's error stems from the story or was imposed on it by the director / scriptwriter. The prerequisite is wonderful, and I loved the voiceover, the confessional tone of the opening tale framework. But then ...? Nothing! Several of the cliched local characters ask Julian pointblank to explain that he intends to commit suicide. One can argue that he does not respond because it is not part of their business. But Julian is the one who, under any kind of pressure, publicly exclaimed his intention. Then neither Julian nor the director / writer, despite the fact that the Julian character holds a tape recording book for God's sake, seems to be inclined to give something beyond the poor original information of Julian's life. He says he was an accountant. He says his family moved around when he was a child because of his father's job. So what? There are several interactions with the locals that seem to illuminate Julian's purpose. But none of them go anywhere because Julian seems to consider all these dopey locals as if they were foreigners from another planet, as if he were the ultimate (and only) sane among them. This can act as an allegorium if Julian Po had any decisive qualities or something that approaches wisdom to convey. The closest he is going to reveal about himself is in the scene where he deliberately humiliates the naive, religious wife of the mechanic. And what this scene reveals is not something that will inspire empathy for Julian. I can only see the Julian character - as reproduced - as selfish, petty and totally discouraging. Sort of matches the attitude of the director of this semi-baked, constructed film. And bad Michael Parks, an actor who once had so much promise, gets nothing to do with here.
