Cassavetes was obviously an intelligent, sensitive man with bold new ideas about making movies. He wanted to be an author, breaking away from the system's framework and bringing a new realism to the American cinema. Because it allows me to applaud him. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I cannot applaud a woman under the influence. Cassavetes took what could have been a fascinating subject (an insane woman) and somehow managed to make a dull movie, filled with long, ad libbed ranting and drawn scenes. He seems to have had a gift to capture the liveliest moments in a person's life on film, and it often seems like he just turned the camera to his family and let the engine run and run. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes had caught something devastatingly real - or even a core of something so true that it touched the heart in ways that a conventional movie could not. Yet I found the performances, especially Rowlands, to be artificial. I never thought for a moment that she was really crazy. I have met people who are really mentally disturbed, but I have never seen any of them, like Gena Rowlands in a woman under the influence. She played it as a very unpleasant, uninhibited woman who drinks a lot, and even that was confusing because we only see her a drink once (at the beginning), but she seems full for the rest of the movie. There are some moments when she tapes into something right, but the moments are few and far between; She fails to maintain a seamlessly mentally disturbed character. Again, I welcome her efforts, but efforts alone are not enough to make the performance ring right. <br /> <br /> Newbies going on this movie and seeing its high IMDb rating will no doubt feel compelled to love it and judge it a lot just to prove they're getting it. But don't be brainwashed by the hype judge for yourself. You don't have to pretend it. Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could be accused of solipsism in his film making, which seems to find his own psyche and life experience so infinitely fascinating that he could not imagine that for others they thought and tortuously self-satisfied. But Woody Allen has at least shown a gift to keep an audience entertained - he knows that a compelling story structure and a good dose of humor are crucial to any movie. If Cassavetes had had self-discipline (and a sharp couple of editors!), A woman under the influence could have stood a chance. But what is the intention of making a 'realistic' movie if the only people who can stand to sit through it are the art-house devotees and film students who cultivate Cassavetes as a kind of anti-establishment deity? Without stupid anything down, I think Cassavetes could have made a woman a little more accessible by keeping the pace moving with a real plot rather than presenting a series of 30-minute scenes with ad-libbed arguments. If you just make movies for yourself and a few of your fans when you just converted it already. Watch this movie with your own set of eyes and make your own decisions about it. If you really are moved and fascinated by it, good for you.
