From actor and independent writer / director John Cassavetes, a woman under the influence gives the viewer a look at a working class family with a problem of mental instability. The man Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue claimant who has trouble showing his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands), the attention she deserves. From the start of the movie, it is obvious that Mabel is very quirky and strange, but only a few minutes later it is clear that she is much more than that. Crazy. Bonkers. Out of her damn mind. Nick tries her hardest to hide this from her colleagues, and after having a particularly strange event for dinner, he asks her if she'll be okay as if trying to deny Mabel's illness. Her problem only spirals from there. <br /> <br /> I found some special issues with this movie. I suppose these problems were mainly present in the story and how some of the character acted towards the end. Mabel has been committed because she is honest, she is nuts. So six months later she is ready to leave the hospital and her husband throws a party to welcome her. He never seems stupid at the beginning of the movie. Why would he invite all these people, some of them strangers to Mabel, to his house when his wife is in such a fragile state? It's simply idiotic. Later, after Mabel arrives in the house, Mabel's father has a tremendous outbreak at Nick and screaming at the top of the lungs not eating spaghetti. His daughter has just returned from six months of rehabilitation, and the thing you want to do is keep her calm and he needs spaghetti? A few minutes later in the film, Nick Mabel enters the stairwell and forces her to do the things she did when she was mentally unstable; Make her strange sounds and movements. Didn't he send her there to make her better and not do it? There were various other parts that occurred after this, but it would just be superfluous to look at them. I suppose I just had a serious problem with Cassavete's decision to get his characters to work this way. It was simply not sensible. <br /> <br /> But even though I had problems with the end of the movie, there was one aspect that really redeemed it; the spectacle. Gena Rowlands played a fantastic crazy woman. There were times when I forgot she acted where I was so caught in her wild gestures and crazy talk that I was actually afraid of her. She was incredibly compelling and intense. However, I was also impressed with the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy because of the awkward way he handled his children, his job and especially the situation with his wife. I usually do not appreciate child actors. But the youngsters who played Nick and Mabel's children in this movie were phenomenal. It really felt like they were Mabel's children because they looked so attached to her and were so interesting to help her with her problem. I think their performances are one of the things that kept this movie together, and without them, it would have made the movie less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> Overall, I was not impressed with this movie. The story was jumbled and unclear, and the characters acted in ways that made me wonder who was not crazy in the movie. The only hidden grace was the brilliant leading roles of the Longhetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful plays kept the film together and is probably the only reason why the movie has ever been something.
