In a woman under the influence, Mabel gets crazy, but I can see why she gets crazy. If I lived the kind of life she lived with the family, she too would be crazy. Everyone in their family is out of their rocker and not quite with it. She is constantly surrounded by people shouting at her and telling her what's best for herself and people who aren't the sharpest knife in the drawer. <br /> <br /> To start with one person closest to her in her life Her husband Nick is a bit off his rocker. He always yells at her when he is home to tell her how to live life and stop acting like an imbecile. The rest of the time, he works long hours on his work, and he is not there to support her when she needs support. The only person in her life who should always be there for her is never there, and if he is, he just feels worse. She trusts him for support and always goes to him first when she feels she is wrong and he does nothing to support her. When she comes home from the hospital, he says everything he does to tell her how to act, instead of comforting her, he just screams at her and tells her what to do. <br /> <br /> The other great people in her life are her parents. Her parents do nothing in her life for her. Mabel basically runs their lives because they are afraid of standing up for her and standing up for her. Eventually she even asks her father to stand up for her, and he doesn't understand, and when he does, he still doesn't do anything. They do nothing to help Mabel recover or prevent her from becoming mad because they do nothing for their period. The only person trying to do something for her is Nick's mother. Nick's mother is over having Mabel committed. She doesn't want Nick deal with it, so she has the doctor commit her. It seems that everyone is against Mabel, and they feel that having her committed is a good idea because they no longer have to deal with it. They all want to live their own lives and do nothing for Mabel except shouting at her and making her feel like she's doing something wrong when she really isn't. That's why she was crazy and why she had to be committed, it was her family's whole mistake.
