Would have got the title 'Balderdash!' A bit in the movie is true apart from the island's name and fact submarines were involved. A little more than film quality education with poor camera work, muddy stock footage and perhaps the low point of stereotyping 'Japs' with grinning Japanese infantry, grinning Japanese fighter jets and one-dimensional square-jawed Americans dying left and right. Sixty years later it is unintentionally fun as an odd artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the warrior is over you. The reason and the dialogue reminds me to play weapons on a summer afternoon in my childhood, where you go through the neighbor's hedge to get a deadly advantage on my best friend, Steve and my little brother. In fact, the Makin Island raid was an almost complete failure with Carlson, and his men wandered around in the dark and exchanged gun fire with shadows until they were finally thirsty and completely disoriented and were looking for someone to surrender before they happened on some straightforward confusion. Japanese soldiers who immediately surrendered them! In retirement, several of Carlsons marinated on another island and were abandoned! Of course, the film could not tell this story, not in 1943, so this bit of whim was produced and hurried in release for the slaughter of drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, which Colonel Thorwald (Carlson), who led a unit almost exclusively consisted of warehouse caricatures, the green recruiter (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), the grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Lives), land-bumpkin (Rod Cameron), the all-American boy (Alan Curtis), and dozens of snares (when they didn't laugh) 'Japs'. And yet the cast is almost offensive. Almost. Randolph Scott's narrow range is well suited to his role as a serious commander and is supported by a solid team of professionals who do their best with thin streams. But in the end, the one-listing object wins from the exercise. Any suspicion is completely abandoned nearby when Randy Scott simply looks directly into the camera and delivers a stirring (well sorta stirring) call to arms. The casting was better than this material. So was the audience. To be seen with Reefer Madness and a bottle of moderately priced Merlot.
