DVD has become equivalent to the old night circle, double circuit, the last chance to catch old movies on the verge of being completely forgotten as The Border. There were great expectations for this back in 1982 ?? a script written by The Wild Bunch's Walon Green, Jack Nicholson, in the days when he could still trade without a semaphore and a great supporter (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), Tony Richardson reigns (although he was pretty much used power by then) ?? But now it's not even on TV. The material certainly provides a rich nail of opportunity to comment on the capitalism's 80-American American dreams and a conspicuous consumption, where Nicholson's patrol patrol blocks the odd drug deal or a bit of people acting to fund his wife's relentless materialism until he rediscovers his conscience when he finds out his partners is also in the baby's sales company. Unfortunately, he never gets his hands dirty, barely blindly his eyes before his decency rises to the surface. The movie always feels like too many rewrites and too many committees have left the neutral and unfortunately the recent DVD release is an unanswered opportunity to restore the original nihilist end, where Nicholson crosses the edge and burns the border patrol station cut after its predecessors had found it too negative, but was still prominent in the film's trailers. <br /> <br /> Although it was not too convincing given how low the Nicholson's conscience crisis is in the movie, it had to be better than the raw reshot climax where the film leaves the logic and even basic continuity rules: in one at the time he keeps the rifle point, he is somewhere else and they are free trying to kill him, a character goes from injured at his house to jumping around like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande, while Valerie Perrins character gets dumber at an exponential level. The bursts of the piece are discarded in absurd ease (and an impressive car stunt) in time for a lumpy edited happy ending, and you begin to wonder if you've somehow found yourself watching another movie altogether. What makes it more clumsy is that the rest of the movie is so flat and overwhelming that the sudden curvature into the melodrama is more and more broken. Unfortunately, Ry Cooder's beautiful title song, Across the Borderline, says it much more economically. But if you want to know the real crime of the movie, it totally escapes the great Warren Oates in nothing at all. When even he can't get an impression, you know something is really wrong. All in all, all too easy to remember why I found this so memorable at the time.
