This movie handles the kidnapping of a mother from a mom (Lisa Hartman Black) who seems like a man wanted in an action thriller. Unlike other films where the focus is on the police, Mom tracks down her former husband who kidnapped their son. She gets help from her lawyer, who eventually falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> Before finally getting hold of her son, a lot of bizarre things happen. The mother tries to take a child that looks like her son from a local children's play at a community theater. She gets caught and then realizes it is not her child. That alone would have got most people put in Mental Ward or a few months in prison waiting for trial. However, in this movie, the mother is released after a few hours because the victim's parents feel sorry for her. A little later, mother enters her mother-in-law's house and then the police come and they have their weapons directed at her, but they let her run away because they recognize her (and are sorry for her?). <br /> <br /> At another time in history, they have found the baby, but when the police arrive to search the house, they appear to have left the back door and entered the river on a dinghy that apparently kept father just for such an emergency! The mother gets someone to lend her a fleet, and although it must have taken some time (in a real world), she and the lawyer and the police go into the other fleet quite quickly, and it is upside down in the water by landfall. Instead of getting out of the fleet to search for a father in the country, her mother suspects that he drowned the boy and she jumps into the water as she looks at her life jacket. Of course she can't swim and sink like a rock. The lawyer saves her, but they miss a chance to drive after father. At one point, her mother is told that her son died at a clinic in Mexico. On and on it goes, and where it stops, nobody knows! In some ways, this movie really exploits child abduction and it is not very positive. On the other hand, it is fun (or fun) to see all the crazy things that men do in these kinds of movies.
