I just finished "Dark Chamber" aka "Under Surveillance" and I'm stunned. Stunned, not by the movie, but by some of the rave reviews I perused that affected my seeing it. The story was so devastated by plot holes, and the majority of it so flat appears, categorizing it as a comedy, seems appropriate. Seriously, I found myself shaking my head and laughing at confusion as I endured this movie. Justin leaves the borders of living at home with a pain-reliant mother to live with her copfather despite mother's warnings that Dad is not good. When a young woman is found murdered, Justin becomes suspicious of the tenants living in the adjacent apartments. Using a few friends, he introduces hidden cameras to keep tabs on these people. As the truth begins to rave up, Justin discovers an unexpected secret. <br /> <br /> A positive point is that Felissa Rose is HOT! I would have generously knocked an extra star or two in here she had peeled a little but not so lucky. It would have been the film's potential saving grace. Eric Conley played Justin very skillfully, I thought, and I would not be surprised at all to see more of him in the future. <br /> <br /> The general premise of the movie, although plagued by clichés, might have worked, had it not been for the ridiculously hollow "performances" of the main cast members, especially Alexandra Eitel (Kayla) and David H Rigg (Justin's father). Fears! (excuse the pun). <br /> <br /> I have nothing against low budget film. Indeed, I think independent films are our only hope for decent filmmaking in the coming days. I want to cut the low budget movies a bit limp when it comes to special effects, lighting, even musical scores and the overall picture quality. However, I do not provide allowances for stick figures and a Swiss cheese maker's script. There are a large number of competent low-cost films out there. Unfortunately, this is not one of them. I can't help but suspect that at least some of the reviewers who have praised "Dark Chamber" here are somehow associated with their production.
