To review this movie, I will no doubt quote the memorable scene in Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994) when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and what she does to live. Jules tells Vincent that "the only thing she did worth it was pilot". Vincent asks, "What the hell is a pilot?" and Jules goes into a very good description of what a television pilot is: "Well how they do shows is, they make a show. This show is called a" pilot ", so they show the show to the people who Doing shows, and so they show that they decide whether to do more shows, some pilots are picked up and become TV shows, some do not stay, nothing becomes, she stares in one of those who did not Something. "Now to stretch what Jules was talking about, there are trillions of TV shows / pilots that were never sent because they simply weren't ... good, good. Probably the most infamous pilot that comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", a spin-off for "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff as a leader . Hmmm, would anyone really see the Radar for half an hour trying to solve crimes? Therefore, the show was never downloaded. What many people do not know (or what they thought they knew) is that pilots are almost never shown on the air, because they are strictly for the television network they can determine. Some have made them far past and came on the air (The pilot of the animated series "American Dad" is going to think about when the show's serial began only until almost four months later. But there were times we were all should be happy pilots never make it air, and this is why. "Black Bart", a presumption of Mel Brooks comedy classic, "Blazing Saddles", is an outdated and boring "sitcom" with little heart and no soul. "Sadler" was a controversial comedy, but it is racist humor and vulgar comedy that will think "which idiot decided it would make a big TV show FOR PRIME TIME TV?!" "I say" supposed "because none of the memorable characters from the movie, except Bart, in this mess on a TV show, Mel Brooks was not even involved in the production of the serial number, and that was the first mistake in a long range (In a related story I recently found out about a unaired TV pilot for a series based on the movie "Clerks". wine smith was not involved in .... you see what happens ?! <br /> <br /> set somewhere around the same time as the movie (or at all) circles the story of the only black sheriff in the wild west, the appropriate "Black" Bart, now played by the future Oscar, is called -winds Louis Gossett Jr., of course, before he is in "real" acting, whereas he plays a "G-rated" Richard Pryor. Most other characters are carbon (if not really bad) copies of the characters in the movie: Jim, The Waco Kid is replaced by a similar-looking character named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is quick with the gun. Lilian von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, a more ripoff of the character that she is a show dancer and a German with a Marlene Dietrich-type accent and personality. Although it is pretty much the end of similarity, the leading "bad guy" in the story of Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, which I assumed would have been Hedley Lamar, if Warner Bros secured the rights to the name (See trivia for "Blazing Saddles" ) and his son Curley ... I don't think Taggart I'm assuming? The story is a bad excuse for a sitcom, much less a pilot. Bart employs the mayor's drunken son, and he is out of control behavior that has made the city spin. Really, it's a story that tries to introduce all the characters in the "series" and doesn't focus on the variety and context that would make this an "okay" show. I can't really call it a sitcom (and though I wanted to) and it's primarily the fact that it was shot on the backlot at Warner Bros. Studios and later added a slat track, so the show is created almost exactly as "M * A * S * H" (complete with a dull and boring "laughter" identical to the series). The action is so-so, but there is a lot that always makes me laugh, and that is when the actor playing Reb Jordan almost seems to forget his lines and tries really hard to remember them while trying to spit out a piece of dialogue. HA! The script is rather boring and tries to make racism more humorous than it was in the movie. (Surprisingly, using the word "N *** is" many times through a 22-minute episode, rather reassuring it is the time period and even for today), and it becomes repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you ever get your hands on this invisible piece of ssss ... surly interesting news article, just look at the blame for the feeling of watching pilots (It's on the collector's edition of "Blazing Saddles" , God knows why. There you get a chance that many film binders will never fly.
