It was hard to sit through this horrible heretic adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently, Matt Frewer was thrown because he is tall and lean. His skull-like face made a good zombie in Dawn of the Dead remake, but like Sherlock Holmes he looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have a passionate walk that is hard to look at, but he looks uncomfortable in the stereotypical Holmes covers he is wearing. Not only that, but while the robe is gray, they apparently couldn't find a matching hood. So his hat is black and it looks shiny as if it was made of polyester. No matter what the hood was made of, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett sometimes had these traditional clothes, but Brett didn't have to dress up like Sherlock Holmes to see that part. Frewer, on the other hand, is painful to see. Even in the full "Holmes" outfit, he doesn't wear himself like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Frever is carnivorous face grinning all the time as he spits on and on in a very poor "Upper Crust" British accent is painful to watch and listen to. To say that Frewer is superior is an understatement. After completing each sentence with a kind of nostril, he then slips as if it were a kind of British trait. When I started to see this, I thought it might be a comedy with Wishbone, Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer had been cast as a kind of foil to Wishbone. But unfortunately there is no dog in this movie except for Frewer. Wishbone would have made the movie much better. <br /> <br /> Not only does Frever's version of Sherlock Holmes stop talking (in the terrible artificial British nasal accent), but he is very kind and friendly. Frewer always smiles at the witnesses he is talking to, and he is so polite and polite that he could teach a charity school instead of being a sleuth. Perhaps, as this is a Hallmark Channel production, they try to make a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was also better), which was kindler and milder. Whatever Frewer's interpretation of Sherlock Holmes is, it's flatter than a pancake, and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've ever seen (including the former worst, by Charlton Heston). <br /> <br /> Overall, the tone of this movie is horrible. It reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote or Diagnosis Murder. All the suspected assaults suspected and gled on the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Watson explain each link in each other throughout the film. Even at Murder she wrote, there is less exhibition. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes doesn't even compare very well with Jim Rockford from Rockford Files, and it's miles under Columbo. The terrible dialogue is probably the author's fault. It's obvious that ever writing this script has very little familiarity with Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This movie has the whole atmosphere in an episode of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that the actors seem to be smirking when they illuminate their lines in their fake accents does not help. <br /> <br /> The only less bright place is Ken Walsh, who plays Doctor Watson with some dignity. Walsh does not hammer it up against Frewer, and when he often interviews witnesses, his behavior and conversation style are much more natural and credible. Unfortunately, the rest of the casting is amateurish, and the visual traces they give by grilling and making faces on each other (to show that they are suspicious) are something I had not seen in any modern movie.
