I'm going to write about this movie and about "Irreversible" (the famous scene in it). So you are warned if you haven't seen the movie yet. These are just my thoughts, why I think the movie fails (in the final saying). <br/> <br /> Acting wisely, Rosario Dawson is really good and conveys almost portraying someone nearly a decade younger (a teenager in other words). The villain is good, but loses his "bad" touch just before the end. If he really never changes, why would he let a woman tie him? He didn't want to, period. Then we also have bartender / 2nd rape Dude. In fact, I don't think you would need him. At least not for the second rape, but more about it later. <br /> <br /> Let's reproduce the story. Rosario's character is sexually insecure, can even have lesbian tendencies (see her scene with a female friend). This was not intentional, as Rosario says, but there is sexual tension between them. Rosario's character meets a guy who is a sexual predator in all the bad senses. But he gives her an impression. <br /> <br /> Rosario commented that her character had a boyfriend before. I ask to depart. Because she seems like it's her first girlfriend who also emphasizes her phone conversation with her mother. Talking about her mother, here's another problem. After the first rape takes place, Rosario's character does not tell anyone what happened. Seeing that her relationship with her mother is very close does not become one of the things explored for it. If Rosario's character would not call his mother more or would behave strangely, the mother would be worried as crazy. There was so much potential here. Also, her female friend: We see her at the party, it's obvious something happens and "boom" she's gone. The first rape is almost unbearable to see. But feels like a pinch when comparing it to the end (rape), which feels like you are being hit by a sledgehammer! After rape # 1 we get for stretched scenes. Threads opened (as her construction work is an indication that she might be a lesbian, as a guy says, who was trying to hit her ...), but went open. No real social contact has been established if you leave the bartender's guy who is involved in the second and last rape scene. It is obvious that he is not a "good" guy, and his character gets a little out of it. But when Rosario's character meets his rape in the class again, his being in the movie seems meaningless. We get the point that Rosario's character is not the same anymore that she went "bad" and can hurt people. (Also) Many scenes show exactly that, without emotion, she only does drugs and other things. Back to Rapist # 1, cheating on a test, is captured by Rosario's character and they decide to hang out again (really?). As absurd as it sounds, the guy meets with her, not without us having seen him in advance with another girl (probably he raped her too, even though we never see anything of it, fortunately) and his football career. Well career is a stretch and he is bullied. This is an attempt to give its character a depth, and it almost works, but again it is for the cliché to stay with you. So Rapist # 1 sends Rosario's character ... why exactly? Because he promised her, was it her day? Again, really? A guy like it never loses control, especially with a woman he raped before ... I suppose this should show us how stupid he is. The bartender guy would have worked as someone who could have hit him over his head or something, but let him submit that, just feel wrong. Another option would have a drug in his drink. So rapist # 1 dresses up and gets folded and let's Rosario's character tie him on a bed .... seriously, it's just wild! But what comes next is even more crazy. First, she talks to him, then closes him up and strengthens an object into him. This is just as difficult to see as rape scene number one. It's not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And of course it was what they were looking for. Now that she is "finished", the bartender comes in and rape ... rape # 1. If this really were to act as a revenge movie, it would have been better if Rosario's character would have made every "revenge". Having a craftsman doing the job takes away everything that was built up. <br /> <br /> This should not be entertaining / enjoyable, it is a hard watch and it is art house. But the 10 minutes (I didn't count) rape scene at the end, just crushing everything. Rosario's character is more or less only to see what happens. It brings me to the biggest disappointment. Irreversible comparison: "Irreversible" had the rape scene, but the film went on (though it was back in time). Rosario looks in the camera at last and says something about getting over this. First, it comes a little too late, it should see her say it after the first rape. And secondly, and most importantly, this is where the art house film has come in. It is more interesting to see where Rosario's character would go after the second rape scene and how she would do what she had done. But then again she hasn't actually physically done so much (see above) ... a broken sign that the film cuts ... Good intentions (Talia and Rosario had worked before) but failed to convey most of the things they set to do (though you can see what they thought it should be convincing, otherwise it does not work) ... not to mention the long-standing rape scenes they are ...
