One of the most peculiar often used romance films is this: A seriously shaken man becomes in love with a terminally ill woman who turns her life around before he dies. Occasionally, this story is done well and realistically (as in "Theory of Flight", an excellent weepie), but more often it is done as if it is where the heroin usually dies of "Old Movie Disease". You know the terminal illness that has no symptoms but a fainting spell and a need to lie down as you tell your loved one forever; and your appearance is not affected slightly (and since this is the 70s, it is not your sex life either). This is one of the worst versions of that story, where a very stupid script puts together two incompatible and incredible characters and they are played by actors who are at sea. <br /> <br /> This has been the worst performance of Al Pacino's career, and I have seen "The Devil's Advocate" just two days ago! He plays a control-freak, emotionally constipated race-car driver, and plays an unspeakable character lifeless. He constantly seems to ask himself why he is staying around the grid Marthe Keller (it does the audience) and uses most of the movie just ... standing there, usually with his mouth hanging open. The only time he shows a sign of life is towards the end, where his character turns out to be changed from upright and liberated by making a hilarious Mae West imitation. Hey, it was * seventies! <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is as horrible as the dying love interest; her character was conceived as brave and free and touching and unrestrained and full of life, even though they died, and was probably meant to be played with an actress with the sensitivity of it, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie says. Instead, the express face and heavy German accent of Mrs Keller, who comes across as more of a terrifying teutonic stereotype ("you want to eat them omelet!") Got something like lovable. She had to reform Pacino and fill him with courage and spirit and all that, but it doesn't seem like that, it's more like she's having a hard time beating her mistakes. This creates one of the least convincing novels in film history where you can't believe she would be with anyone she finds so worthless, and you can't believe he's with someone who gets so much on his nerves. <Br /> <br /> Some bath movie fans call this a cult classic, mainly because of Pacino's stupid "liberating" Mae West imitation. The scene is a scream, especially in context, but not worth sitting through the rest of the movie to. No, just watch the movie if you are a serious, bad movie-aficionado who is particularly interested in studying extremely shortage of chemistry between leading actors or very bad casting (not only are the leaders horrible, but Pacino's other girlfriend is played by an actress that looks and sounds, just likes Keller with shorter hair, I got them completely confused). This is not one of the ridiculously bad movies like "The Conqueror", it's just a really, really bad movie. <br /> <br />
