I can't remember for my life why - I must have had a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I can't remember who I went with, which theater I was in, or even which city. The only thing I remember was how insulted I was at this travesty that someone dared to call a movie and how half the people in the theater went out before the movie was over. Unfortunately, I stuck it to an end, which I still consider to be one of the worst mistakes in my life so far. My crime was frighteningly scared, just before the closing circles, the smart demon child sticks out behind a character and says "Look for problem children 2 coming soon!" It was hands-down The most frightening moment ever recorded on film. The plot, if I remember correctly, involved John Ritter and perhaps his wife (Lord how I have tried unsuccessfully to block this movie out of my mind) adopting a "problem child". Maybe they think they can reform him or something. I really do not know. If that was their intention, they fail fatally, for from the first picture finally this child stays the brattiest, rudest and most horrible demon-spawn ever to hit the big screen. Forget Damian, forget about Rosemary's Baby. This child takes the cake. The only difference is that we must be sad because he is a "problem child". However, this is impossible as this child is probably the most unsympathetic character ever portrayed. You will kill him throughout the movie and when (SPOILER, as everyone cares) John Ritter decides to keep the evil hell child, you will shout "Send him back!" in shocked disgust (like several of the people in the theater where I saw it did). <br /> <br /> This is just the second movie I've added a "1" to IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and by God I couldn't tell you what was worse. John Ritter had a quote in the TV Guide about the time Problem Child 3, whom he was not in, came out. He said something like "The only way I would do another [Problem Child] successor is if they dragged my dead body back to performing." Amen to that! <br /> <br /> I'd rather see a 24-hour marathon of Police Academy pursuits than even see 20 minutes of Problem Child again. 1/10, just because I can't give it a negative score, which is what it really deserves. Someone burns the original negatives of this movie, thank you!
