Yeti: Prohibition of the Snow Demon begins aboard an aircraft filled with American high school teens who are about to play a football game in Japan, unfortunately during a violent thunderstorm their aircraft fly into the Himalayas. Unfortunate really. With some dead and some alive, the survivors must think of themselves and decide to wait until help arrives. But just as they think their luck couldn't get worse, they soon discover that a large, hairy Yeti-type Abominable Snowman creature will kill and eat them all. Caught, cold, starving and struggling to survive will help reach the stranded teens in time? Yes, with a title as Yeti: Snow Demon's curse can only mean one thing and that is what someone on the Sci-Fi Channel has yet another 'Creature Feature' made, even though giving these things a little variation, the sci-fi channel Here in the UK they are now copying as a 'Beast Feast'! As if it will make any difference. Directed by Paul Ziller, one has to say that the Yeti: Snow Deamon's curse is a horrible movie, but a little entertaining at the same time, but it's fun, but it's also fun at times too. The basic premise is in fact, it is a kind of cross between Alive (1993) with the plane crash and the survivors who have to turn cannibal to survive and the excellent gory killer Bigfoot (another legendary hair monster) exploitation flick Night of the Demon (1980) that I would defend with my last breath, and I have to say it is not exactly a marriage made in heaven, but as I said, it is fun at times if it is not equally gripping or well written. The character is mostly annoying American teens, which is the expected argumentation that is machohelt, the strong female and cowardice who only thinks of themselves, so there are no prizes for originality. There are also some plot holes if a human airplane crashes, why only send two rangers on foot to search for them? How do you dig a large hole and adjust it with sharp sticks in ten minutes? Why didn't Yeti kill that bird at the end? It had killed everyone else up to that point, so why not her? "There are actually two Yeti's running around" the twist isn't used to any effect at all either. At least there is a good pace about the movie, it probably goes together at a fair old pace, and I've never found myself sad. There is some moderate gory action & the movie has some fascination to see if the children survive or not and if they should eat their dead veins or not. <br /> <br /> The only thing you can always say about these Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' or 'Beast Feasts' is that CGI computer effects will laugh a lot hilarious & so it turns out to be once again . The plane crash at first looks awful and the Yeti when it is CGI simply looks embarrassing all over the place as if it were on a pogo stick. There are one or two nice performing scenes, including a ripped arm, a crushed head, a torn heart, some dead bodies, some blood splatter & the best bit when the Yeti shouts a guy in half and beats him with his own ripped legs before to bite a large lump out of them. According to IMDb, the actor who played Yeti took three and a half hours to get into the suit and makeup that looks like a long time since it is actually a beautiful, tattooed-looking creation. Apparently, the original title was Raksha: The snowman's curse with Raksha, which means demon in Tibetan Sanskrit, so now you know. <br /> <br /> This has reasonable production values ​​considering the usual Sci-Fi Channel stuff they crawl out even though the mountain resort looks nothing like the hard, gloomy himalaya and was probably located near some ski resorts one place & during many daytime hours it actually looks pleasantly warm. The action is not so good, and I didn't think any of the girls looked as good as it did, nor did it help. Yeti: Snow Demon's curse is another horrible Sc-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature', if I am honest that any sane person will not suffer, but if you're looking for a bit of scary theme fun, then it's not that bad and There are one or two entertaining moments that make it a little visible, even though it is not very good.
