What is inexplicable? First, the hatred of this film. It may not be the best movie of all time, but give me a break, he got 11 Oscars for a reason, he made Eight hundred million dollars for a reason. It's a damn good movie. Which leads to another inexplicable aspect of this. I have no idea why this film left such an impression on me when I saw it in cinemas. I watched it on television and video, and it had no effect when I saw it on the big screen (two, maybe three times, in fact). But it may be the appeal of this. This is a film, yes, there is the capital M, this is an epic, this is a spectacle in the order "Gone With the Wind" or "Ben Hur". Now, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seems a little strange to me, with Hammy acting and excessive melodrama. Not that Titanic has nothing. Well, the acting was actually very good. The melodrama was at times quite tough. <br /> <br /> But the reason Titanic works is because it’s such an emotional journey. I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind or make me feel visual. This film is not completely stupid, but not brain. Visual thrill is simply a means to an end, to fuel the emotions of an audience. I didn’t cry when Bambi’s mother died, I don’t react to tears. But it’s a ten-million-power tear strike, an emotional rollercoaster that, if it were normal, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I’m sure that if you see it in the video and decide that you hate it and you have cynicism, then you may not like this movie completely. But if you let this disbelief stop for a while, if you give this epic melodrama the advantage of doubt, you will get complete pleasure. And look at the top ten highest-grossing films of all time. Is one of them bad? One of them is worth 1 out of 10? No, not even the Phantom Menace. And this film has made 1.8 billion dollars worldwide. It can not be bad. Impossible. 10/10 <br /> <br /> p.s. how can anyone even compare it with spiderman? Spiderman was a funny movie, but it was generally a 9/11 knee, which made it as rough as before. it just wasn't special. no one will remember this in 50 years. but I'm sure the Titanic will be remembered.
