Back in 1997, I remember that year: Clinton bans research on cloning, the unsuccessful death of Princess Diana, Marlins won the world series, and a woman gave birth to septuplets. It was also a great year in the release of Titanic, one of the greatest films of all time: the story of the ship of dreams, the boy and the girl who fell in love but were separated by the social class and the height of their emotional commitment to the ship meets with disaster. I don’t think that someone could have expected Titanic to be so HUGE, the film was longer than life and had millions of fans, 85% of whom were teenagers, I was 12 years old then, and, of course, I saw the film several times. It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At that time I felt that “Titanic” could not do anything bad, of course, I grew up and did not watch the movie from 14 years old, a couple of years ago I watched a movie on DVD for 5.99 and thought it was a good price and to see what I think of the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie ever? Was that the real nose of Leonardo? Well, I know this is stupid, but I reviewed the film. Being absolutely honest here, “Titanic” is an excellent film, the best film of all time, no, it depends only on your idea of ​​a good film, but “Titanic” with love, humor, disaster, emotions and never lets us go on this first trip. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the ruins of the Titanic in search of a necklace with a precious blue diamond called Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessfully, they instead discover a drawing of a young woman lying naked, dressed in the Heart of the Ocean, dating from the day when the Titanic sank. Rose Dawson Calvert, 101, studies the drawing and contacts Lovett to tell him that she is a woman in the drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visited Lovett and his skeptical crew on his rescue ship. When asked if she knew the location of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls her memories of the Titanic, for the first time showing that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the 17-year-old Rose of the upper class sits on a ship with her fiance Cal Hockley and her mother Ruth DeWitt Bakater, who emphasize the importance of Rose's engagement with Cal, because marriage will mean the elimination of Dewitt-Bukater debts: while they have the appearance of the upper class, Rose and her mother are financially devastated. Distraught and upset by her involvement in Cal's control and the pressure her mother exerts on her to survive the marriage, Rose tries to commit suicide by jumping from the stern. Before she jumps, the drifter interferes and an artist named Jack Dawson. Jack and Rose enter into a preliminary friendship, as she thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories of his adventures, traveling and sketching; their connection deepens when they leave the sweltering, first-class formal dinner of the wealthy, relationship-building, for a much more lively meeting of Irish dance, music and beer in the third grade. But after Cal's servant informs him of Rose’s whereabouts, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. However, after she saw a woman encouraging her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a “real lady” over tea, Rose challenged him and her mother, asking Jack to draw her nude figure and wearing only the Heart of the Ocean, a Cal. After a wonderful moment spent together in the very first time in the back seat, they go out onto the ship's deck. <br /> <br /> Then they witness a ship’s fatal collision with an iceberg. After hearing the ship’s views discussing how serious the collision is, Rose tells Jack that they should warn her mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers a nude drawing of Rose and her mocking note in his safe, so he substitutes Jack for stealing the Heart of the Ocean, forcing Lovejoy to put him in Jack's pocket. Upon learning that Cal is about to leave Jack to die under the deck, Rose runs away from him and her mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck. Cal and Jack, though they are enemies, want Rose to be safe, so they persuade her to get on the boat. But after realizing that she cannot leave Jack, Rose jumps back to the ship and reunites with Jack on the ladder of the first class ship. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats are gone, and the ship finally descends into the frozen Atlantic, carrying Jack and Rose. <br /> <br /> Does Titanic really justify its hype? I still say that this is a great film to watch, I think there have been and still are many haters who for some reason just want to spoil the film, because he received a lot of awards, and everyone was in love with the film, But He has a great game, awesome effects, a well-written story and still looks impeccable. Love it or hate it, you have to admit that this film didn’t get a lot of excitement just because of Leo’s childish face or Kate’s amazing ability to cry on the spot, this film is something special. He will always hold a special place in my heart, he also saw me see this film 8 times in the cinema when it was released. But still, apart from this, I recommend this film, it is excellent, and one day I will definitely go to the classics. <br /> <br /> 10/10
