Titanic director James Cameron presents a fictional love story about Titanic’s historical setting. The plot is simple, uncomplicated or not for those who love scenes that are spinning and spinning and keeping you in suspense. The end of the film can be determined within a few minutes after the beginning of the film, but the love story, however, is interesting. Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young lady engaged to Cal (Billy Zane). At the beginning of the journey, Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower-class artist who travels to America after winning a ticket to board the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it in contrast to the upper class, who are so concerned about their social concerns. They fall in love with each other, and viewers see the immersion of the Titanic, above all, through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The film begins in the modern era with a study of the wreck by a group that is looking for treasure that sank along with the Titanic that recently occurred. One of the survivors on the Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who learned about the crash study on TV and delivered to the boat from where the search is being conducted, talks about what she remembers to help the search. She recalls the one and only journey of the Titanic. After this, the scene moves to Southampton, Ireland, where the Titanic sailed on April 10, 1912, when all passengers board the ship. After another stop on the Irish coast, Titanic went to see his first trip across the Atlantic to New York. Historically, the first few days of the voyage passed without incident, but the fictional plot of the story develops at this time, when Rose sees the hopeless trap of capture in which she participates to the rich Cal Hockley and falls in love with a third-class passenger. Jack Dawson According to the film, the director of the White Star line called upon Captain Smith to increase the speed of the ship so that they hit the headlines and receive additional advertising by arriving in New York on Thursday evening, rather than on Friday morning as planned. Then Smith ordered a fateful decision, contrary to his 32-year experience, to disperse the legs of the Titanic at full speed. The Titanic had reports that the waters in the Atlantic, in which they swam, were full of icebergs, but they ignored these warnings and acted at full speed, as shown in the film. April 15, 1912 at 11:39 an iceberg was spotted. They tried to turn off the engines and turn the ship off the iceberg, but there was not enough time, and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard, as shown in the film. An image of a multitude of small holes on board the ship and not a single large gap along the side is accurate. The crew of the Titanic sent distress signals and launched distress rockets, as shown, until 2:18, when the lights finally went out. The lights of California were spotted six miles from here, but they could not understand what was going on and did not respond to the numerous requests for help from Titanic. Earlier in the day, California was trying to warn the Titanic about strong ice, because of which they stopped their journey, but the Titanic shook them off, forcing California to turn off the radio and leave the Titanic on its own. The women and children of the first class were, as shown, first placed in the twenty lifeboats that were on the ship. In the overwhelming majority of cases, third-class passengers suffered the greatest number of deaths among all classes, and the crew suffered greatly in this tragedy. The word of the White Star Line employees and first-class passengers was more accurate than the words of second and third-class passengers when the authorities were trying to get information about drowning. In addition, the metal that was used to build the Titanic, was discovered in recent years in conditions of extreme cold, which, as it was at night, sank in Titanic, was extremely fragile. In general, the main story is very accurate in describing the events and times when these events took place on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this story were not real and were created simply for the purpose of the film or composite characters to represent the possible characteristics and ideas of people on the ship. The core group of Rose, Jack, Cal, and Rose's mother are fictional characters added to the story, as they represent different groups of people of the time. However, many characters, such as the Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; ship designer Thomas Andrew; White Star Line representative Bruce Ismay; and all the officers of the Titanic were real. The first trip was to be Captain Edward Smith's last trip, as he subsequently planned to resign. He has been part of the White Star Line since 1880, where he achieved his status as Captain Millionaire when the Titanic sank. The officers' images are accurate, since only four survived the tragedy, with the exception of the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship from his pistol. He reportedly behaves heroically and was misinterpreted so that James Cameron apologized and called a monument in his honor in the former Canadian hometown of the officer. As shown in the film, a language problem arose between the crew and many lower class passengers from non-English speaking countries. In addition, officer Lowe was the only officer who returned to the rescue boat, as shown. The old men, shown in their bed when the water came into their room, were grounded in Strauss. Not wanting to leave her husband, Mrs. Strauss refused to take a lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic. In addition, Mr. Goggenheim, who was shown to sip his brandy and smoke a cigar, reportedly came out like this one, dressed in his best. However, the richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, also died, but his much younger wife was rescued in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was rescued, and later medals were made for the crew of the Carpetia, which raised the survivors of the Titanic from the water. Her ticket to the Titanic cost more than four thousand dollars, and by the end of her life she went bankrupt. All interiors of the ship were skillfully replaced to the last pieces of porcelain and silver. The gym, which is almost invisible, is perfectly recreated, and all the machines are reproduced to match those that can be seen in old photos. Beautiful outfits and costumes were a wonderful re-creation of the post-Victorian era of 1912. The rich at that time practically ruled everything, since the movement for women's electoral rights had not quite moved. Women at this time often married financial security, Rose thought, and, as a rule, Cal wanted Rose to make an ordinary marriage status with her husband. The rich did not like “new money,” such as Molly Brown, as pictured. All time was very formal. Women were to be accompanied to dinner by a male figure, as seen on the dinner scenes. Smoking was not very common among women of the time, but the cigarette holders who just appeared were used, as was the case with Rose in the film. Men of the time usually smoked cigars, not cigarettes. Women were kept physically in their corsets, and society was in society. Although James Cameron had no experience in historical films, he led the experts on Titanic in conjunction with two years of cross-referencing the history of Titanic, and some freedoms were taken. Beautiful cinematography and special effects also helped make the film even more exciting. <br /> <br /> In the film “Titanic” you can see a recognizable message, since people on the ship had about three hours to contemplate their death. Director James Cameron shows various reactions to this crisis time in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently, and it makes you think about how you would react if you were in that situation on the Titanic on that fateful night. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s, when it was shot, as it gives an idea of ​​the Titanic crash. Only in the last fifteen years the place of the actual Titanic has been found and investigated. This film was able to give us a deeper insight into a disaster that many would not have seen. However, the moral question of whether people today should take the treasure from the ruins of an underwater cemetery is posed. There have been attempts to stop the search for treasure, such as the one depicted on the Titanic, but they all failed. Nowadays, anyone can take a trip to the Titanic and take all the valuable things that they portray in the film, showing the common values ​​of our time on this issue. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is very well made. It took twelve dives to get all the footage needed for the film to get footage of the crash on the ocean floor. In addition, it was necessary to create a special chamber to withstand intense pressure on the ocean floor. Cameron did not plan to use the probe to go into the Titanic as far as anyone in the 88 years that sank the ship, but it turned out that this provided a unique perspective to the ship. In addition, throughout the film, the entrances and exits from the Titanic crash to the Titanic stage during his actual journey disappear. This transition from the modern scene to the previous scene during the journey works as an excellent transition that makes history easy, understandable. At the very beginning of the film, re-creation is used for two seconds to recreate the scene when real people left the European coast on Titanic, which distinguishes it from the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and as a work of art, a real epic. Like most historical novels, we know the ending, but it does not detract from the wonderful pleasures that can be found in this picture. Certain aspects of this film are Academy Award material, including costume, sound, cinematography and editing. If you like interesting characters that will give you an idea of ​​the life of the characters in the early 1900s and how they face disaster, then this film is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
