I avoided watching this movie the longest. Long before it was released, I rejected it as an over-promoted, overly romantic piece of a Hollywood schmaltz, and I didn’t want anything to do with it. I never watched it in the theater. I shook my head in disbelief at the Academy Awards — although I had never seen her. Then I was asked to become a judge in a high school public speaking competition. One of the girls told about this movie. “It was so great,” she said. "You really felt you were on the ship." “Nonsense,” I thought. I shared my feelings with fellow judges. One looked at me and said: “Perhaps you are right, but if she liked the film, she might want to know more about the real Titanic. The film must have done something right to interest her. ” “Well, maybe,” I thought. Then he finally appeared on pay TV. “Good,” I thought, “I will look, I will look.” I did not want to like it - and I did not. I like it! What a great movie. <br /> <br /> How to start? First - the director. My participant in public speaking in high school was right. James Cameron does an excellent job of creating an atmosphere in which you are almost located. Fun life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. Carelessness as news of an iceberg is distributed for the first time; then a growing sense of panic. You don't just watch it; You really feel it. Then - the performances. The presentations of Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent — I think Winslet was excellent, but both were good. They had their characters from rich girls / poor guys to a perfect "t", I thought. In my opinion, though, the show stole was Francis Fisher as Rose's mother. She was beautiful as an aristocrat, and you felt the fear and hatred that she felt every time you looked at Jack. Then the details. I am not an expert on sinking "Titanic", but I have sufficient general knowledge, and this film perfectly copes with the task of accurately recreating historical details and then smoothly weave them around a fictional novel. Really impressive. Then a song. Who can watch this movie and not get caught by Celine Dion’s play “My Heart Continues”. <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, the novel was, perhaps, too far-fetched, in the sense that I simply disagree with the fact that Jack could move with little effort from steering to first class. (I know that he was invited for the first time; but he seems to continue to enter first grade, not stopping until he spends some time there.) The realities of the separation of social classes were much more realistic, I thought, when the helm passengers were to remain locked there after the ship reached the iceberg, while first-class people were able to use half-empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> Small chatter. This is a really great movie. I only regret that I do not see him in the theater, where, I think, it would be much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
