An elephant walk cannot be the high point of literature or cinema, but it is a great entertainment in a quasimelodramatic mode. It is a love story, both genuine and illegal, as well as excessive ambition, loyalty and arrogance of personal tyranny. The previous reviewer, John Mankin, asked why the film’s central focus, the mansion called “Elephant Walk”, had to be built by the late owner, “Governor” of the late Tom Wiley, right across the traditional elephant route to the main water source, the river. To miss this moment means, in essence, to miss the meaning of the whole center of the film: the arrogance of man. The fact that his son, played by Peter Finch, must be delighted with the super-image and riddle of his esteemed father, is not unexpected, since the son was without a mother growing in someone else's jungle, where only his father and the hooligan boys of his father were "club" as his role model. The essence of the father was that he was a man who made himself, who could tame nature to his taste, and that this sympathy was not just a tea plantation on lands where elephants once dominated, but also that he dominated even over the big bull elephant, this led the herd, and thus he dominated his son and around him, and so we join the tale after the elephants are denied the decisive access of the dry season to their way to the water. Who could have known that this dry season would last so long, and what would elephants do in desperation to get water? This is the relationship of the film: what animals will do to get water; What will people do to get power or love? Ceylon, today's Sri Lanka, is a huge island off the coast of India, where the plantation is located, and you will quickly find out that this is a real landscape of history, and not just the expenses of Miss Taylor. If it were not for this exotic place (most of the film was shot in Ceylon), but a magnificent “bungalow”, it would be just another cauldron. It is necessary to recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and place, as it illuminates the wealth and power of the last days, achieved by the British conqueror immigrants, who were an integral part of British rule. Only such wealth obtained through virtual slave labor can be built as magnificently as a residence made of ebony, teak and marble. The surprisingly carved Jalees (window with grille and doorway borders), clearly indicated by art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and clearly made by cheaper labor on the island, should not be overlooked. This skill reveals the meticulous attention to detail that these men sought. <br /> <br /> For those who are invulnerable to the needs of time, place and architecture, Miss Taylor is always attracted, because she marries a man whom she really does not know and silently looks after another person, against the background of and under the comprehensive tyranny of the legacy of the deceased person. As I said, this is not great literature and not even a great film, but this is a wonderful spectacle long before this term was overshadowed by enchanting special effects today. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies created for being seen on the giant screen of the entrance track on the street, and not on the home TV, so set the largest screen to see it in order to fully appreciate its excellent camera performance. and scale.
