Scott Bartlett's “OffOn” is nine minutes of sheer madness. This is a complete frontal attack of psychedelic, pulsating, epilepsy flashing lights and colors, and the first true fusion of film and video in avant-garde cinema. There is no story to talk about, but does Bartlett use images of nature? especially the human face and shape ?? provoke a sequence of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena into the highly industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film is a fusion of humanity with its tools, its mechanisms, its technologies. This theme is loosely connected with the plot of HAL9000 in the Stanley Kubrick film “2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)” and, indeed, with the opening of the Bartlett image sequence ?? flashing colors in front of a close-up of a human eye ?? recalls Dave Bowman's journey through the Stargate. Visual elements of saturated color, which are a combination of sharp, bright photos and increasingly grainy video, as if we were sitting too close to a television screen {in fact, the final product was recorded from a television monitor}. <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion regarding the release date of the film. IMDb lists the film as a 1972 release, but both the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation give 1968 the correct year. Perhaps this discrepancy reflects the time between the completion of the film and its first public display. In any case, the visual effects are clearly ahead of their time, sometimes reminiscent of a music video from the 1980s, and some lively techno music wouldn't go bad either! OffOn captures grainy, fragmented images, representing life from a distorted point of view of a computer processing too much information. I had a thought ?? and please do not laugh at this free-thinking interpretation ?? that an extraterrestrial civilization that captures the Earth’s television signals may well receive such scattered alien documentation of human life, a bizarre montage of only vaguely familiar images that cannot have any coherent meaning. Perhaps it is here that humanity, with all its technology, ultimately moves towards the irreversible merger of film and video, purity and artificiality.
