Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is a certain police movie of Indian cinema. Maybe the first one, who portrayed the harsh reality of police corruption and politics without prohibition and how it affects the young policeman. A man forced to join a policeman’s career as his father-cop. We agreed that we grew up watching many good Hindi films and bad cops, but this is not true. Today’s generation, which has grown up watching dark and realistic films, such as Satya, Company, may seem like the worst product in comparison, but look at the time it was created. The film was made completely out of sorts at a time when people did not pay much attention to this kind of cinema, and yet it became the most sought-after film in the classroom and the mass audience when it was released. For Om Puri, this is his first breakthrough in mainstream Hindi cinema, and he acted as Inspector Velankar. This is more than a police character, he learned a lot about what is original in acting. Watch his scenes with his father, whom he hates, and Smith, whom he loves. Smith Patil retained the dignity of his character to the expected level. My God, what natural expressions she carried !!! Shafi Inamdar was a real discovery for me, and he is a brilliant character actor, if he was given a chance, and here, in some scenes, he outwitted even Om. The film is also the debut of a promising villain on the Indian screen - Sadashiva Amrapurkar in the role of "Rama Shetty". This is another story that he did not get such a meaty role and is almost forgotten today as one of the high-profile villains of the Darg B class militants. Look at the scene where Om, the 1st time, becomes a rebel for his father (played by Amrish Puri), and then both share wine. As the inner truth began to unfold for both characters, faced with feelings of love and hate for each other. The two faces of the Indian police force are masculinity and impotence, and between the lies is half the truth (ardh satya) is the glory of Nihalani. The film received 2 National awards in the nomination "Best Film in Hindi" and "Best Actor" - "Om Puri" and 3 awards "Filmfare" in the nominations "Best Film", "Best Director" and "Best Supporting Actor." <br /> <br /> Recommended for anyone interested in nostalgia for serious Hindi films. <br /> <br /> Ratings - 8/10
