Shinjuku Triad Society, although impeccable, is an extremely compelling film for what it tries to portray in its super-ordinary realm. This is a picture of the yakuza / triad involving police officers against Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the name implies), but even in his first technical “debut” Takashi Miike already reveals many aspects of the films he would shoot from now on. Social issues, such as trading in precious goods on the black market, in this case human organs, usually from children; nostalgia for childhood and its roots, especially prevalent in Dead or Alive 2; mocking taboos such as same-sex and (satirical) rape / violence against women; bloody violence. This, of course, is not as surreal as in some of Miyke’s latest films, but this is expected because he tries what he is beginning to learn by following the track record directly to video programmers. He has all these qualities, and he also, like the films that follow from him, is equally wild and soulful, crazy (in places) and sardonic in his drama, and solid for fans of the genre. <br /> <br /> The story concerns two brothers, one Chinese orphan child brought up in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, quite decent as an anti-hero / hero Eastwood Esq.) who became a detective and the other a gangster or gangster . - Be alone. The main arch, probably an absorbing gang, comes from Wan (a certain wordplay about what the gang represents in his spare time, which Tomorovo Taguchi plays as a typical eccentric with real horror in his eyes), and his partner Carino (Takeshi Caesar, who even threatens If you simply repeat this commandment again and again to a woman who has just got an eye for a bad deal, this is a merciless look that almost organically appears in the film “Miike”. There is some intrigue concerning the scheme of trading organs with gangsters, from which Kiriya almost becomes a victim, and the gang's penchant for same-sex sex - with at least one small puppet of a kind that does everything that the main gangsters want. All of this leads to revenge and redemption, the qualities that Mikey and his writer are trying to imitate Shakespeare (hence Macbeth's beat with Van washing his bloody veils again and again after some same-sex sex, saying “it won't come off”). <br /> <br /> If it doesn’t give the same emotional level of impact as the great Shakespeare play, then it’s normal for such a film. Miike’s goals have been achieved, although just achieved, in his modest ambitions: a gangster picture with some additional levels of difficult family problems (the main tension between the brothers comes from profession and duty to parents), notes on more severe aspects of underworld crime and the fact that the kingdom unrepentant sex with both sexes reveals psychologically in the characters. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society also contains more than a few moments of the classic biting black comedy from Miike. Something from this you just need to take with salt for what the director does in his disgrace, for example, a piece at the beginning, when the chair knocks on the face, or an accident of "interrogation" when it comes to a very twisted area. The young sex slave even has a funny line after she finished the act on one of the bosses: “Thank you, Mr. Winnie Burger.” Miike and his writer are missing here to make the film a full-fledged dark comedy, such as Ichi or, of course, “The Visitor Q”, but this is enough to bring some frivolity to the darker aspects of the story and characters. /> <br /> As the first recording of the “Black Society” trilogy, as it is called, I was very impressed, and this is an excellent quasi-business card of one of the craziest new artists in modern cinema.
