Here he is ... the first ever episode of “Friends,” where we met Monika Gellar (Kortney Cox), the freak manager, recently divorced Ross Gellar (David Shimmer), hippie Phoebe Buffay (Lisa Kudrow), an unknown actor and a ladies man (Matt) Le Blanc and the very sarcastic Chandler Bing (Matthew Perry). So the scene begins, until we get acquainted with the 6th and last friend of Rachel Green's Spoiled Kid (Jennifer Aniston). <br /> <br /> Episode is better than most people pay tribute to, like any new comedy series, the first episode is not always fantastic. The acting in this episode is not great, because the actors cannot identify and are really believable in their new characters (except Kudrow and Perry, who shine)). <br /> <br /> Matt Le Blanc - Man, his acting was terrible, because before that he becomes more confident, but I think he is trying to be funny, but in most cases fails. <br /> <br /> David Schimmer - Why does he utter EVERY word? He can't speak normally! But he became one of the funniest characters in later seasons, but he is not sure. and I can't sympathize with him Jennifer Aniston - she looks hot and copes with the role of Rachel Green, but we will see the real Rachel only later in the 1st season, Courtney Cox - in this episode looks rather anorexic, her excitement, she looks completely now she is different (healthier), she plays a bit sketchy, but all in this 20-minute pilot! Lisa Kudrow and Matthew Perry. I make them together because their comic time and the quality of the game were excellent, and for Lisa it was one of her first roles, and she is as natural as Phoebe (Phoebe), and Matthew Perry is just Matthew Perry. I play myself in principle! The quality of the episode improves later, for example, “Sets”, in this episode they look dark and creepy and make them seem unfriendly, the acting is all right, the characters gain confidence in every new scene, and I am proud that this is a pilot! I hope that we will see friends reunite! because they will always be with us!
