I'm not quite sure that Rob Schmidt qualifies as a “Master” in the horror genre, since he had just shot one horror film called “Wrong Turn”, and this film was slightly above the mediocre, but the fact is that he did “ The Right to Die ”is one of the best and most terrible episodes of the entire second season of the Masters of Horror franchise. In the first season, there was a similar story with an outsider, when William Malone starred in the best episodes with Blonde Baby, although his other long full-length films “Fear Dot Com” and “House on a Haunted Hill” sucked pretty badly. br /> <br /> The story “The Right to Death” fits well into the hot social debate about euthanasia, but, fortunately, also includes many old-fashioned horror themes, such as ghostly revenge, murderous plots, black humor, and comics book in style of violence. One evening, returning home late at night and discussing her husband’s constant betrayal, the Addison’s couple had a terrible car accident. Cliff leaves the wreck safe and sound, but his wife Abby is completely burned and needs artificial life support. While Cliff and his shabby attorney (Corbin Bernsen from The Dentist) want to connect her to the power grid and sue the designer of the car, Abby’s mom has a huge media campaign to support her daughter as a vegetable and blame all cliff. Meanwhile, Abby's hateful spirit returns for revenge and kills someone surrounded by Cliff whenever she has almost deadly experience with medical devices. After several victims, Cliff realizes that it would be safer for him to save the life of his wife if he also wants to stay alive. “The Right to Death” is a terrific episode, and it was this kind of thing that I always hoped to see in the concept of a series such as The Masters of Horror. He is cruel and bloodthirsty with a sick and distorted sense of humor and many unpleasant episodes. The topic of euthanasia and the entire obligatory media circus that surrounds it are very well written into the script, but without an unnecessary return to political views or moral lessons. The atmosphere is tense, and the sequence of murders is respectively nasty and disturbing. Actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sidney both have a pretty face and impressively voluptuous racks, which is always a welcome plus, and Corbin Bernsen is finally once again given the opportunity to portray a dastardly and egocentric bastard. Great episode of "MOH"; certainly one of the highlights of both seasons.
