Masters of horror: "The Right to Death" begins late in the evening when the couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and Siff Addison (Martin Donovan) go home, but during the conversation Cliff gets distracted and crashes into a tree that fell across the road. Cliff's airbag is working properly, and he leaves with minor injuries, unfortunately there is no Abby for her, and she found herself in toast when she was thrown out of the car and doused with gasoline, which lit the whole body. Abby's life is saved, simply. She was taken to a hospital where she was on life support, seriously injured and badly disfigured by burns. Cliff decides that she must die, his selfish attorney Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should let Abby die, sue the car manufacturer and get rich, while Pam's mom (Linda Sorenson) Abby wants to blame Cliff for getting rich and save Abby. However, Abby has her own plans ... <br /> <br /> This joint US-Canadian production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film previously was Wrong Turn (2003), which in itself hardly gives he was right directed by the “Masters of Horror” episode and was episode 9 of the second season of the TV series “Masters of Horror”, although I did not think that “The Right to Death” was the best episode of “The Masters of Horror” that I saw, and I thought it was enough decent effort is still not as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). John Esposito's arias have a clear central idea that is not something new, but uses it quite effectively, although I would say that it is a bit uneven, the first 15 minutes of this focus on the horrible element of the story, but then it goes into a lull at 20 More than a minute since it becomes a drama, when the legal dispute over Abby’s life and Cliff’s case takes center stage before he returns to the right path, this is a delightfully bloody and perverse climax that may not be for the faint of heart, Ge swarms are a bit mundane, a weak person, a bent attorney, a protective mom and a young pie who has sex to get what she wants, but they all serve their purpose well enough, the dialogue is fine, the story develops Good pace and overall I liked the film “The Right to Death”, except for a few minutes here and there, where he loses a little focus, and I was not particularly interested in the ambiguous ending. <br /> <br /> Director Schmidt does an excellent job with his work. And there are several effective scenes that try to alternate between a restrained eerie atmosphere and blood and blood. There are some fantastic special make-up effects, as usual, there are Abby's shots where her entire skin burned, and the image of a bandaged head with teeth showing, because she had no lips, is rather coarse (the images and makeup effects that reminded me of similar scenes in Risen from Hell (1987) and its sequels), and at the end there is the main course where Cliff literally throws someone complete with close-ups of scalpels that cut the skin, and he removes it from the muscle and put it in fridge! Terrible mess. There are also various parts of the body. There is also some nudity, at least a pair of beautiful girls undressing ... <br /> <br /> Technically, the right to die is great, the special effects are great, and, like in most episodes of “The Masters of Horror”, this is not going on. It looks like a cheap show for television, which, in truth, it is. The acting was good, but there are no big names in this film. <br /> <br /> “The Right to Death” is another pleasant and somewhat perverted episode of “The Masters of Horror”, which most horror fans should definitely check out, if not only for the amazing shooting scene! Worth a look ... for those with a stomach.
