Stargate SG-1 follows and extends the Egyptian mythology presented in Stargate. In the Stargate universe, humans were enslaved and transferred to the inhabited planets of the Goauldes, such as Ra and Apophis. For millennia, Goa'uld has gathered humanity, exerting a strong influence and spreading human cultures. As a result, earthly cultures such as the Aztecs, Mayans, Britons, Norwegians, Mongols, Greeks and Romans are found on all known inhabited planets of the galaxy. Many famous mythical locations, such as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis, have been found or once existed. <br /> <br /> Stargate is currently on Earth (found at an excavation site near Giza in 1928). at the top-secret US military base known as the SGC (Stargate Command) under the Cheyenne mountain. Colonel Jack O'Neil (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Captain Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Til'k (Judge) form the original SG-1 team (several characters join and / or leave the team in later seasons). Together with 24 other SG teams, they are sent to distant planets, exploring the galaxy and in search of protection from Goauld, in the form of technologies and alliances with friendly advanced races. <br /> <br /> Parasitic Goauld use advanced technology to present themselves as Egyptian gods and strive for galactic conquest and eternal worship. During the first eight seasons of the Goaulda are the main antagonists. They are a race of highly intelligent, ruthless snakelike alien parasites that can invade and control the bodies of other species, including humans. The original sworn enemy of this race was Lord System Apophis (Peter Williams). Other System Masters, such as Baal and Anubis, play key roles in later seasons. In the ninth season, a new villain appears, Ori. Ori - advanced creatures with incomprehensible technology from another galaxy, also prone to galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of Ori accompanies the departure from the main focus of Egyptian mythology to the study of the arthur mythology surrounding Ori, their followers and their enemies - the Ancients.
