A man and his wife are in a terrible car accident. When the wife is left in a constant vegetative state, the man has to choose between pulling the fork and leaving her to live. The decision becomes even more difficult when he realizes that her ghost wants revenge on him and others. <br /> <br /> This comes to us from director Rob Schmidt, who shot The Wrong Turn (the film I have) did not see). Having only one horror film behind his belt, and not very well known, I was a little reluctant to watch this episode, expecting Schmidt to be the “Master of Horror” only in the most liberal sense. My apologies to him for my underestimation. Starting from episode 10 of a season of 13 episodes, he was in fact still the best. <br /> <br /> The question of the “right to die” is considered and examined in sufficient detail to be a reliable plot. However, this is only the basis on which the story rotates. As soon as the elements of horror appear, the film turns from “decent” into “exciting”. Great game, great story, great dialogue, great expectation. I was a little scared at times (which is good), and most of all: blood is abundant! I read a review of this episode before watching it, where the reviewer said that there is a strong allusion to Hellraiser. In the first part of the show, I had no idea what they were talking about. Then, a little later, some images remind me of "Hellraiser 2." However, I do not want to say in any way what this takes away from the film. I see no other way to create the created effect, and, in my opinion, it looks surprisingly better than HellRaiser 2. <br /> <br /> Some subject twists and turns appear later and may invite the viewer to give the film a second look. I did not watch it a second time, but I think the beginning would be more sensible if I had (not that it is confusing). The plot with a dental hygienist is also good, and I caught myself not being in love with the main character for his relationship with her or I feel bad for him. He's a bit of an antihero if you want. I tend to cheer for him as the main character, but he is completely unattractive. <br /> <br /> Although the episode with Stuart Gordon may be better, and I’m excited about the Washingtonians episode, I think I can safely bet that this is the key episode of the season and, of course, the saving grace of what otherwise the case was dull and routine. When legends like John Carpenter let me down (again), I worry a little about the future of the genre, but then a new face appears, such as Rob Schmidt, and gives me hope. This keeper, and please return Schmidt to season 3!
