Surprisingly, a good franchise could grow from a good, though not a great film made back in the early nineties. "Star Gates; SG1 ', without a doubt, is a worthy addition to the science fiction genre and has the right to stand shoulder to shoulder with Star Trek as the kings of science fiction. <br /> <br /> In the 1994 Stargate movie in this series, the Stargate team (military / scientific organization) finds out that the stargate system can be used to move to various planets throughout the galaxy and beyond outside, and the military form a number of teams to conduct research. SG1 is one of these teams, led by military veteran Colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes archaeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, military scientist captain Samantha Carter and newcomer Til'k, who betrayed his leaders in the hope of ever freeing his people . Earth is rapidly turning into the enemy of Goaulda, a parasitic race that uses people as masters and considers itself equal to gods. <br /> <br /> A first-class cast deserves special praise for bringing this show to life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as a cynical and sarcastic O'Neill, who can go from boyish to mortal in no time. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings soul and will to a character that grew from innocence with wide eyes to darker and tougher as the show progresses. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, improved the balance between the image of the femininity of her character, not including the fact that she is a strong, intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is great as an alienated Til'k who knows how to portray a character’s emotions with subtlety. And Don S. Davis is beautiful as the distinguished General Hammond, who leads with a good balance of justice and firmness. <br /> <br /> Almost all the episodes are related to portraying wisely, reflecting both moral dilemmas and friction between military interests and civil beliefs (often manifested in disputes between O'Neill and Jackson). Invited characters are clearly depicted, and the arc of the arc is processed so as not to bore the audience. SG1 is also excellent in humor, from O'Neal's wisdom to episodes that are just silly and weird! SG1 has it all: from action to drama, from romance to indecision to heartbreaking death scenes. This is not just a great science fiction show, but overall great.
