Tim Krabbe is the famous author of the book “Het Gouden Ei”, which twice appeared on the screen (“Spoorloos” and “The Vanishing”). One of the last works of the Dutch writer is “De Groot”, a psychological thriller about two completely different men, Egon and Axel, who meet in a youth camp and, surprisingly, become lifelong friends. Egon is a quiet, somewhat boring person who spends time studying and writing books on geography. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic "party-goer", a criminal who drinks a lot and cares every day for a woman to get into his bedroom. From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while the latter is jealous of him, because he has a good life, he does nothing (for example, reads thick books such as Egon); ultimately, Egon even draws Egon into illegal practices, which leads to the fatal transportation of drugs in a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I was surprised that critics were very positive about it. In my opinion, the book especially suffers from a complex structure. While Crabbe presents the story as a fascinating portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot becomes more of a mystery: many episodes are not presented in chronological order, so two consecutive scenes are rarely in one episode. Because of this, the story seems surprisingly distant: you often need to know the origin of a character in order to really take care of him or her. Another complaint was that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are a bit stereotyped. Egon is a “boring intellectual,” and Axel is his complete opposite. In real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and films they seem to always be present, which deprives them of their trust. <br /> <br /> Despite all of this, the film was a pleasant surprise, much better than a book. Adaptation is distinguished by excellent cinematography, humor and acting: Fedya van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that he plays (which, in my opinion, is the highest actor). The disadvantages of the film, however, are the same as those of the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that it becomes annoying. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed, Krabbe himself. Obviously, this talented director (as described in the film) is hampered by an imperfect script. Perhaps Kolkhoven should have chosen the best book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
