RUMORS is a memorable recording of a military series with educational cartoons in the main role “Private Snaf”. The films were aimed at military personnel and were directed, animated and made by one of the best talents of Warner Bros. »Termite Terrace, including Freese Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. Invaluable Mel Blank provided a voice for Snaf, and stories and rhyming narratives for many films were provided by Theodore Geisel, that is, Dr. Seuss. The idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid images, using the character of Snaf as an ideal negative example: he was a fool, a little jerk who would do everything that you should NOT do. According to Chuck Jones, the scripts had to be approved by Pentagon officials, but the army leadership also provided animators with extraordinary freedom regarding language and obscene jokes, which is certainly more than theatrical censorship of that time allows — all for the good of course. <br /> <br /> As the name implies, this cartoon is an illustration of the destructive power of rumors. Surroundings - army camp. Private Snaf is sitting next to another soldier in the dressing room (which you won't see in other Hollywood films of that era), and their casual conversation begins to rotate. We observe how an indirect remark about the bombardment was misinterpreted, then exaggerated, and then turned into an increasingly frightening rumor that covers the whole camp. The images are really bright: the brain of one agitated soldier is depicted as a leaking pot, and the inflamed speech of another is depicted in the form of hot hot air, that is, a “balloon”. The soldier “shoots from his mouth” in the style of a cannon, and before you know it, real nonsense flies in all directions. Winged nonsense. The soldiers in a panic say to each other that the Brooklyn Bridge is destroyed, Coney Island is destroyed, the enemy troops landed on the lawn of the White House, and the Japanese in California. The visual effects are becoming more surreal and nightmarish, until finally the camp is quarantined for Rumor-itis, and ordinary Snaf will be in a locked cell. <br /> <br /> This is a very effective job. The filmmakers dramatized their theme with wit and amazing energy, and the message remains valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imagined) can give rise to all sorts of wild rumors that spread faster than ever, thanks to advances in communication. As technology has improved, private Snafus of our time can broadcast their own balloon through email, mobile phones and blogs. Consequently, RUMORS is a rare example of a wartime educational film, whose main idea is not outdated at all; in fact it may be more timely than ever.
