If any film stands out solely by the actors acting, it is probably the one. I have never seen the dialogues sound so rude, but I had a strong feeling. The film was disturbing in moments. However, the film was terrible when editing. The film tries to go commercially by adding comedies and songs, but they feel out of place. It’s like Karishma is being beaten, and at the same time SRK is fighting (ridiculously) with the police. The song Ishq Kamina was very out of place. In addition, the film is too glossy at first. The direction was not bad, but, of course, nothing to boast. <br /> <br /> I have to say that the actors were chosen very wisely. Without them, this film would have no influence. Carisma Kapoor gave her best role to date, and it looks very good on her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She looks cute in the first half, and I have never seen an actress scream out of emotion and anger as good as she. What is most ironic is probably her weakest written role to date. Nana Patekar was excellent as her father-in-law. Not much to say about him, moreover, it is a role for him. Deepti Naval as a mother-in-law was excellent, especially in her last scene. Although she had nothing to say, her expression and body language were good. Another good performance was a small child. He was adorable, and certainly will bring tears in the eyes of the viewer. Cinema was probably desperately saved by their performances. Everything was fine with Sanjay Kapoor, but he had nothing to do. Shah Rukh Khan was wasted in his role as a poor boyish type. <br /> <br /> One thing that led the audience to the theater was Ishk Kamina. The image and dance of the song are perfect for the rough lyrics of the song. And boy Aish is insanely hot. However, the song was supposed to be in another movie just because it came at the worst moment. People may have come to the cinema for Ishim, but after that they will not brag about it. Hum Tum Miley was at the right pace, but seemed to drag on as the tense mood went off throughout the film. Damroo Bhaje was boring and not happy. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring a song to get the mood of a movie. Despite poor editing, performances alone make it a must-see.
