A strong woman-oriented subject after a long time, Shakti - The Power, directed by Krishna Vamsi, the desi version of the Hollywood hit "Without My Daughter" is the first home production of actress Sridevi. The story of the struggle of women with cruel injustice. <br /> <br /> The story of the film revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with her two uncles (Tiku Talsaniya, Yaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhara (Sanjaya Kapoor), falls in love with him, and soon they marry. Their family is full when Nandini has a boy, Raja (Master Jai Gidvani). But their happiness is short-lived, as the news about the sick mother Shehara (Dipty Nabal) makes them leave their ideal life in Canada and come to India. And then the problems begin. From the moment they reached <br /> <br /> India, both were shocked to see the pollution of the environment and huge masses of people everywhere. They ride a crowded train to get to Shekhara village, and when they finally get to the station, they need to take a long bus to get to his village. The dirty sweaty bus in combination with the uncertain terrain makes it an endless ride. And, unfortunately for them, a mad gangster who beat Shekhara because of innocence in the attacks on their bus. Fortunately, they are shot just in time before they can harm him further. After that, they go to Havel, where Shehar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar), lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in-law was commanding as soon as she entered this place, but her only consolation was the warm welcome of her mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Living there, Nandini finds out about his father in tyrannical behavior and realizes that ruthless murder is a way of life for him. On the day when she sees her father-in-law teaching her son to throw a bomb, she loses her and pounces on him, insisting that Shekhar return to Canada. But terror collapses again when Shekhar is killed once, leaving the broken Nandini alone with his son in this strange country, where she is tormented by a cruel test. Her fight against this man for the sake of the salvation of her son is what constitutes the climax of this heartbreaking film. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Shakti from most late films is also the rural setting of the film. The only drawback is the music of Ismail Darbar, which does not rise above the script. The only saving grace is Ishq Kameena's sexy number, composed by Anu Malik. Another piece for the director arrives because he extracted some great actions from his cast. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the film, she gave an exciting presentation as a helpless mother. She will surely win awards for this hot image. Secondly, the actor Nana Patekar, who again took this film. His clumsy manners fit him to the hilt, and he once again demonstrated his versatility in this role. Sanjay Kapoor is an unexpected film package with a sincere and effective image that confronts both other actors. Deepti Naval is also in great shape, and its Pr-climax battle with Nana is commendable. Cameo Shahrukh provides lighter moments, and, of course, he was attracted to get the desired stellar value. Although his role was not really required, he did it well. In general, Shakti is a much better film than most of those released today, and the excitement with the Pr release will surely get a good start. Shakti will undoubtedly raise criticism and audience. So if the film needs to be desperately cut at least 2 reels to improve the effect. Shakti still has the power to continue without interference!
