The beauty of this film is confirmed by the magnificent image of the power of maternal love, exceptional performance, steady performance and a rather innovative script. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and a small child Raj. Suddenly, her husband informs her that his family in India (of which she did not even know) is in trouble, and the couple are leaving for India. When they enter the village, Nanadini is shocked and frightened to see a very wild rural culture; The Shehara family, ruled by his cruel, very cynical and merciless father Narasimha, leads a poor and very cruel lifestyle, full of murder and horror, where women are subordinate and helpless. Nandini begins to grumble Shekhar to go home, but soon his enemies kill him. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her take Raju back to India. Here begins an intense struggle, which can be called "Nandini against Narasimha." <br /> <br /> India is not represented in this film in a particularly positive light, but it only shows a very small minority of its rural areas, so this may even be correct. The image in my opinion is fair and not one-sided, because the positive side is also represented to some extent. Such a horrific sight could be shown in a film about any country in the world. The places are amazing, the music is wonderful, and very effective cinematography and good editing help the leadership of Krishna Vamshi. One thing that needs to be noted is a very pleasant background assessment by Ismail Darbar, it is beautiful. The characters are very well defined, although we see their bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. The film, realistically depicted everywhere, flows well and is an interesting and rather entertaining watch. His dialogues are excellent and well-written, and, although shocking hearings can be very disturbing in some moments, many positive points can relieve stress. <br /> <br /> The greatest strength of the film is the performances. Karishma Kapoor is breathtaking and very believable, like Nandini. Her ability to find a balance between vulnerability and runaway emotions is incredible. She shows such intensity, impulsiveness, suffering and determination, like a mother who wants to bring her son back, that this little child seems to be her own son. Her outbreaks during a collision with Nana Patek, which resemble volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest woman can become a tigress when it comes to her child. After Fiza, this is her most powerful performance. Nana Patekar, one of the greatest actors of Indian cinema, is indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be hated, like Narasimha, and yet worthy of admiration, as the actor who plays him. Patek demonstrates cruelty, wit and even humanity with complete conviction. He is outstanding. Another great performance is not surprising that the most underrated Indian actress Deepti Nawal feels her perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is simply adequate, and Shah Rukh Khan provides great comic relief. In any case, look at Shakti - it could be better, but this is definitely a mandatory observation.
