On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of the new sci-fi series called Stargate SG-1 was shown on Showtime. Highlighting and continuing the 1994 Stargate movie with Kurt Russell and James Spader in the lead roles, the series begins about a year after the events described in the film. For ten seasons, it told about the adventures and misfortunes of a fearless team of researchers, known as SG-1. Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two “I”!), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Til'k and Don S. Davis as Major General George S. Hammond. For ten long years, we watched a team battle against the Goaulds, Replicators, Ori, and many other aggressors. At the same time, they entered into alliances with Asgard, Tok'ra, rebellious Jaffa, Knox, and Tollan. They saved the world at least eight times over the years and never gave up until death required them. And sometimes not even then. <br /> <br /> As in all long series, they were numerous changes in the composition. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of the fifth season to expand his horizons as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as a team's permanent archaeologist was Jonas Quinn, an alien from a country called Kelowna on the planet Langar, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003, and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he made only one guest appearance, and his character was rarely mentioned afterwards. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004, because he felt he had to leave. The original star of the series and perhaps the most popular actor Richard Dean Anderson starred in the series for the first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eighth seasons was noticeably less than in earlier seasons. Finally, he left SG-1 in March 2005 to spend more time with his six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was definitely my favorite character on the show, and, to tell the truth, I have never enjoyed the last two seasons just as I did in previous episodes for this very reason. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represents a new era for the program. With the departure of his main actor and the defeat of Goauld and Replicators in the eighth season, many fans felt that the series should come out at the peak. Despite this, the series continued for another two years, when Ori replaced Goauld as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters were introduced to fill in the gaps and help start a new invention. Ben Browder came in as the daring pilot of the Southern Air Force, Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1. His colleague in the film "Farscape", the beautiful Claudia Black, began to play a prominent role in the series as a lively, sexy, funny and, of course, extrovert Vala Mal Doran, the former leading Goaulda and a fraud from another planet. Permanent guest star during the eighth and ninth seasons, she joined the cast as a full-time cast at the beginning of the tenth and last season. The cast of the legendary Beau Bridges, as Major General Hank Landry, the new SGK Commander and old friend Jack O'Neill and General Hammond, was ending. Over the past two years, they were filmed with the SG-1 believers (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and became valuable pieces and made an equally valuable contribution to the Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> Alas, all good things must come to an end. During the initial broadcast of the first few episodes of the tenth season, the ratings dropped significantly, resulting in cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream was finally lifted. On March 13, 2007, what began with the Children of the Gods ended with the Infinite. The series’s final was first performed on Sky One in the UK and Ireland, and then was shown on a science fiction channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> Over the ten years of the TV series’s existence, he has gathered legions of fans and has even eclipsed the Star Trek science-fiction series in terms of popularity in some countries. He became the second most sci-fi series in the world, second only to Doctor Who (1963-1989) and the longest American-made sci-fi series, surpassing X-Files only a few months before its end. <br /> <br /> Stargate SG-1 is the cornerstone of the Stargate franchise. In 2004, his success and popularity led to the release of a side series called “Stargate of Atlantis”, which, unfortunately, was canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film failed, two direct-DVD films, Stargate: The Ark of Truth and Stargate Continuum, were released in 2008 and are not yet planned for the near future. The third Stargate TV series will also be released at the premiere next year. (There was, unfortunately, the animated series “Stargate of Infinity”, which appeared only from 2002 to 2003, but the less said about it, the better). Despite the fact that SG-1 and Atlantis are a continuation of the series, the future of Stargate looks very bright. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, Stargate has not yet received the same degree. popular recognition as other major science fiction television franchises such as Star Trek and Doctor Who, it’s still relatively new compared to these two science fiction giants, and I’m sure it will continue for many many years. to come.
