Uneven Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is superb as an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjaya Kapoor), has a child, and then visits her family in India only to discover that they are commanders of terrorists. Drama and tragedy begin, and the film becomes a kind of NOT WITHOUT MY CHILD in thriller style. The film is irresistible, its few song / dance numbers are uninteresting and superfluous, the gaiety of a Bollywood song and dance doesn’t really fit the character of this film’s drama, at least once we have left the comforting boundaries of their Canadian love nest ?? although a single number, in which the stunning Aishwarya Rai appears, is surprisingly provocative, although ultimately inappropriate. Similarly, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan into a careless tramp who helps Kapoor in her escape from the paws of the commander turns something very serious a drama, a stupid farce, and it only gets on its feet when its character ?? and his fantasies about Rai, which spawn her cameo dance ?? bypassed. His one-time comic dialogue and the stupidity of his fight scenes distract from the main exciting drama of the film. The cast is pleasantly supported by Nana Patek as a warlord and an elegant Deepti Naval, outstanding as his long-suffering wife, who finally decides to speak out against him in one of the film’s best scenes; Rita Shivpuri and Rajshri Solanki are also very good, like the sisters of Sanjay in India, and very pleasing to the eye. But Sanjay himself replays terribly, especially during explicit advertising. The writing style of the writer / director Krishna Vamsi is sloppy, unrestrained, with rough transitions and sharp cuts, although his camera movement is good. Emphasizing music is also quite spectacular, capricious, with a wordless female voice over a small orchestral ensemble (very bad if any of this fell on the SHAKTI soundtrack, but Bollywood has not yet found the value of including the score in the songs of their soundtrack albums, at least In most cases). But “Shakti” - the film of Karisma Kapoor, however, and the intensity of her performance, when the film switches to India, contrasts perfectly with the gentle novel with which she starred with Sanjay in the first Canadian scenes. Despite the unevenness of most of the picture, the game Carisma fully sells the film and strengthens it in otherwise controversial measures. In a strange way, I also discovered that this story is another look at the royalty demonstration that I noticed in CURSE OF GOLDEN FLOWER and MARIE ANTOINETTE, which I only saw earlier, although SHAKTI, of course, is a completely different kind of film; but emphasis on dysfunctional royal family ?? here living in the severity of terrorism controlled poverty in India, and not the elegance of Versailles or the vast megalomania of the feudal Tang Chinese dynasty ?? whose selfish desire for power destroys many and forces a rebellion of one kind or another, gives the film a noticeable undercurrent.
