When a rich tycoon dies in a plane crash, his twin sister Martin Craig (Madge Kennedy) does not believe that he seized control during a suicide dive (even though the suicide in the family works), but his three beautiful daughters could not care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), who soon forces him to help her wrest control of the property from her problematic sister Lorna (Sarah Shane) and family lawyer (Jess Barker), Valerie wants, for Norton to seduce Lorna when he didn’t reflect the success of another sister, the nicknames Vika (Marla English), but her plans were thrown into a tailspin when Norton fell in love with his victim. All bets are made as a world of grief, including corporate chicanie, seduction, suicide, blackmail, plot to kill, Mann's act, double crosses, disfigurement and poetic justice - comprehend Craig Manor, an impressive mansion on a bluff overlooking the sea ... <br /> <br /> This absurd bowler would be an excellent second feature written on the wind, also since 1956. The Douglas Sirk Saga of the powerful (and highly dysfunctional) oil clan was said to have inspired the 1980s nightly television show DALLAS, but Craig’s impersonal excursion into insanity seems straight from his sinful sister soap, DYNASTY. All three brothers and sisters (only one of which is really bad) are great beauties, but the cartoon meanness of Kathleen Hughes stands out. Valerie is relentless in her desire to inherit family wealth, and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the film’s many wine pleasures. Vika’s teenage sister is also a real work, reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in the movie “Big Dream”. When they first meet, she pulls up, like trying to sit on Norton's lap, while he is still standing, coming up to him with the line "I ended up with a U-able embrace with distinction." Like this! <br /> <br /> THREE BAD SISTERS created by Shlokmeister Howard W. Koch are terrific trash in excess of exploitation, and the cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, 50s John "Revenge of the Creatures "Bromfield (once married to French sex sweat Corinne Kalvet), universal star Sarah Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess" Mr. Susan Hayward "Barker, Kathleen" Comes from Space "Hughes and the former silent Screen Star Madug Kennedy gives all they have is some or little. Future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE Apocalypse) is briefly viewed as one of the victims of Wiki. <br /> <br /> B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (and her British body) starred in wonderful movies! Three big bad sisters were recently seen on the big screen as part of the Palm Springs noir festival, but the jury is still wiping the suds from ... oh hell noir (5/10 on the nurometer).
