Most photos of the Yeti are fatally undermined by a serious lack of energy and enthusiasm. It's not so beautifully bent, crazy and mad because of the excellent Italian kitsch gaster filmed in Canada: it is wildly matured and energetically idiotic monstrous miracle that reaches a stunning apotheosis of the righteously baked “what the hell is going? /> <br /> The crew of the cargo ship discovers the body of a 30-foot yeti, similar to the disco herds of the 70s (complete with a giant wavy afro), perfectly preserved in a large piece of ice. They take it away from the beast, bring it back to lifewith electric charges, mistreating him and holding poor hairy Goliath in a huge glass cabin. Before you can say: “Hey, the filmmakers obviously rip off King Kong, our titanic disgusting snowdrift broke out of its cage, grabbed the first juicy blonde Euro vixen (gorgeous Pheonix Grant), which he looks lustfully at, and leaves with his new love, Lady Yeti is picked and taken to Toronto to show the public. Of course, he again breaks free, captures the fox and continues to stomp around, as expected, around the frenzy of the city. <br /> <br /> Sublimely silly dialogue (approximate line: “Philosophy has no place in science, professor”) Dirty (far from such) special effects (terrible transparent blue screens and rough toy miniatures of Tonka are especially loud because of their terrifying horror), awkward (wrong) direction and clumsy scenario, which even tries clumsily sincerely, "Is the Yeti a man or a beast?" All ethical debates come together to create one of the most amazingly ridiculous giant monster films that ever roar in its absurd way on the big screen. Moreover, we also have a few unusual touches to add extra crappy spice to the already juicy and insane cinematic brew: the fox inadvertently comes into contact with one of the yeti nipples, which causes it to harden and causes a big grin of approval from the lecherous hippo (!); the fox cares for the wounded yeti's hand, while he looks at her with a sticky eye, the yeti smashes the windows with his feet, climbing the towering office building, and the furry guy even breaks a man's neck with his feet (!!). In general, this unusually extravagant and shamefully uncommon should be the classic of the camp as a wonderful monolith of contagious celluloid madness, which is highly worthy of a significant hardcore underground cult.
