Here is another film that needs to be loaded onto a satellite, launched into space and directed in the direction of the Andromeda galaxy in order to show the best of humanity to distant possible civilizations. This film is so strikingly stupid and frankly honest, being almost just the flame of the already bad classics of the movie “KING-KONG” of 1976, that he not only manages to push this film into the background from the point of view of pure laughter of idiotic nonsense, but and successfully predict much of the pitiful computer cartoon of Peter Jackson of 2005, bearing the same name as the “romance” between the giant (here Yeti) and a magnificent human woman (Antonillina Interlengi from “City of the Living Dead” Umberto Lenzi, who is easy eyes). <br /> <br /> This film was created for children, besides some understatement about fish bones and strange tweak nipple to say goodbye, you can forget about sex - Yeti even has a kind of giant strap for an athlete to hide his monstrous package, the result was even more fun than anatomical correctness. But as a compromise, you REALLY get a stupid old scientist, two curious children, Tony Kendall in a rare turn as a two-faced bastard villain, a useful clever collie who has his own adventure (Adventure movie films were big in Europe for a while) and, of course eventually becomes a hero for the rescue of the Yeti, who turns out to be a good guy, great things like wheel loaders, decorated in the form of giant monkeys, a monster whose size literally changes the scale from shot to shot, some unnecessarily horrendous deaths that will make the GODZILLA VS SMOG MONSTER slaughter relatively boring, the crowd reacts to the crowd from a variety of Spanish, Italian or Canadian extras depending on the scene (you can tell where they shot how dressed are the extras ) and which of the most enthusiastic but inept special effects work in a movie with giant monkeys. <br /> <br /> This is where the film won me over: enthusiasm just to be ma de. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini, who brought the world of SARTANA in 1968 and GOD'S GUN the year before, and was a very important director in the Western-style spaghetti and action films from the 1960s and 1970s. -y's and by the time of YETI. he was probably glad to get a job. I would say that this is his most adventure film, or rather, the one with which he risked the most, and perhaps he felt more comfortable in risking this film intended for children and families. The film is a kind of reckless rejection of how it was made, which makes technical errors or inconsistencies completely meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun, and if the film were played seriously, it would not work - WHAT ONLY WHY PETER JACKSON FILM THOUGHT. <br /> <br /> He forgot to have fun with the material and allowed him to dictate the result using his army of stupid animators, wards from Power Macintosh, and despite all the flaws and rudeness, Crater's YETI is actually closer to the spirit why we look such films, in part to see how actors in monkey costumes tear miniature scenery on sound scenes, and not on lifeless animated watches, nothing but hard disk space. I would appreciate it there with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! CURSE OF GREAT GOLEM is one of the most incredibly incredible films about giant monsters. Since the film looks so "fake", you can relive the story and just have fun watching the way something collapses, is trampled, scattered and broken. Knowing this and armed with energetic, energetic enthusiasm for having the opportunity to make a film, Parolini pulled out all the props and offers a rich adventure that may be a little rough for some of the little ones, but this is the first film I’ll make when sharing with grandchildren when their stupid parents leave them with me for the weekend. This is material for centuries and one of the most vivid manifestations of humanity ever committed to celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes more, but who cares, you only come once and I would rather come out with a smile on your face.
