I saw it when he first appeared on video, my younger sister received it as a gift, and I was probably 12 years old then ... What set me apart was the absence of conflict between films, which has so many films, where the heroes are angry at each other, because when it comes time to explain, they just don’t say what you are shouting on the screen to understand the meaning of the whole thing that any intelligent intellect knows. to tell. This is what I like best in the film, I believe that the main characters have nothing to do with each other halfway ... they do not part or invent, they just like each other the film goes on. <br /> <br /> These two children are united, and, although at first glance they seem to be on opposite sides of the track, they are no different. In fact, Louis is just a middle-class child who needed to understand how lucky he was that he had a loving family, and Cecilia was a child from the upper class who just needed to prove to his family that she exists, and they will miss her if she leaves. Anyway, I saw this film hosted on Hula, and I had to watch it again ... for sure there are gaps in the plot, if you analyze the script, and no, Woog and Dvib should not eat hot dogs, because in reality they would be herbivores. <br /> Now, what distracts from the film is its unexpected roughness. Young children under the age of 5 are likely to be frightened by the scenes with Dr. Skreways. And adding it halfway through the film (although it’s obvious that it will appear in the first scene) is too sharp ... there must be a glimpse of how he did his show earlier in the film, perhaps to show that it’s not so bad without dinosaurs. I believe that he simply had no real real danger for the entire first half of the film, so he lacks a little continuity when he appears in the second half. <br /> <br /> Given the target audience, who I am Of course, I can ignore the not too mind-blowing problems with animation and dialogues ... I think I will also describe these factors and just enjoy the story. This is a great movie for a child, and it is remembered ... makes you think about how you treat people, and I think it should be reviewed every 10 years.
