Wow, many reviews for the Devils experiment are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve, and I'm working on Unearthed Films. We just started producing guinea pig movies on DVD for North America. Now, before you ask, why am I writing a review? Instead, ask why some people beat this. I am writing this review because I love guinea pig films. Why I love them, it is because they go to the throat, and they do not let go. I saw it all. Almost every horror movie known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster. I saw it all, and the films that stuck in my head over the years were definitely guinea pig films. Why, because he does not try to hide the reason why we watch horror films in the first place. This review is for the Devils experiment. I find it devoid of a story that is good to me. Why do I watch horror movies? So I see the blood, the blood and the torture of people. Devils experiment not only delivers, but that's all. Pure real violence. Yes, I like the story, but sometimes I just want blood, and the Devils Experiment gives ten times. Why do people beat this. Because they like the story, so the torture and death of a person can be hidden behind the story. It makes them feel better. We all want blood and gore. It's just very hard to justify it, unless it is wrapped around the story. The films “Guinea pig” have historical significance for them, and each time they come out, they create a certain surge. <br /> <br /> I am very pleased to have the opportunity to release one of the most famous horror series in the world. Maybe I shouldn't have written this review, but then maybe I should. My view is biased because they were released, but again this is not so. I always told people to find them and watch them before I started Undiscovered Films. Of course, he is exploitative and excessive, but not because we watch horror films in the first place. Devils experiment is not for everyone. It is only for thrill seekers and gorehunds only. If you think that Jason and Freddy Kruger’s films are awesome, stick with them. But if you are on the next level and have seen it all, then the Devils Experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for more than 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and completely insane and have nothing to watch with your mom, if she is not quite cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
