I am a big fan of films in which people cheat, and “House of Games” is almost the pinnacle of the genre of “films where people cheat”. In short, this is an exceptional thriller that keeps you on the edge of your place, providing interesting characters on many levels and never revealing what is really happening, while at the same time adding lots of twists and surprises to completely upset what they saw The film in many cases attracts an audience, and, despite the fact that we know it; it's still hard to guess where this is going, and every turn seems unexpected. As already mentioned, I am a big fan of the minuses in the movie, and the plot of this story follows a female psychiatrist who takes a patient with a huge debt due to another player. Then she goes to the player, trying to help her patient, and along the way she enjoys the art of reading people in order to remove fraud. <br /> <br /> The House of Games breathes in a sloppy atmosphere. everywhere, and David Mamet succeeds in creating the atmosphere of his film in the underground levels of the city. The film is also well played, and all interested parties bring life and believability to their characters with the greatest skill. Joe Mantegna plays a major role in the film as a crook, and although his performance is a bit flimsy, he is always firm and believable as the villain of this piece. Lindsay Crouse plays a major role next to him as a psychiatrist, seduced by his work, and again believable in her role. She may not be the best beauty, but at least she can act. However, the way in which the film performs its plot is the main star of the show, and you will no doubt be repeatedly amazed at how the film constantly manages to surprise and deceive the viewer. At times, it’s as if we are in the thick of things, and the scammers in the film are deceiving us. Another great thing about this film is how it shows viewers how to handle some of the drawbacks, which is useful, for example, if you are interested in earning twenty dollars. In general, the House of Games is truly a first-class exciting ride.
