David Mamet wrote the script and made his debut as a director in the “House of Games”, a character study fraught with psychological overtones in which the psychiatrist lured into the dark world of the game of trust. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) had a successful practice and wrote the best-selling book "Driving." However, she is somewhat dissatisfied with her personal life; there is an emptiness which she can neither determine nor solve, and this causes her vulnerability. When the patient, Billy Han (Steven Goldstein), confesses to her during the session, he owes a lot of money to some players and that they are going to kill him, if he does not pay, she decides to intervene on his behalf. This leads her to the "House of Games", a poor little dive, where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic cheater who does not waste time wasting time to lure her into her world. Instead of the “twenty-five big ones” that Billy claimed he should, Mike shows her his book and it turns out that it is eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to wipe the tablet if she agrees to do him one simple service, which includes a card game that he plays in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike is going to leave the room for a few minutes; while he is gone, her task is to follow the "story" of one of the other players. By this time, caught not only Margaret, but also the audience. The dialogue, the unique style of Mamet and the exact frequency with which his actors express their views, fascinates. While Mike leads Margaret through his irresistible surrealistic realm of existence and introduces her to the subtleties of a fraudulent game, we immediately approach her. From this first unforgettable meeting, when he demonstrates what “to tell” is and how it works, to the lessons of “short fraud” and the terrific climax of this film, Mamet continues the fraud with urgent need. And nothing is what it seems. In the end, Margaret learns some hard lessons about human life and nature, as well as about herself. It changes; and is it really for the better open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely spectacular in this film; he provides every possible nuance to a complex character who must be able to lead you into the shadows with pleasure, and does so. Crouse also turns into an outstanding performance here; You feel tough, tense turmoil, heaving under this calm, self-confident appearance, and when her experience with Mike causes a change in her, she makes you feel how deep it has come through. She makes you believe that she is capable of what she does, and makes you understand it. The dynamic cast includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Scala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (Businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). "House of Games" - a typical Mamet; Since then, he has written and directed several high-level plays and films, and will undoubtedly grace us in the future. But this film will be the one who defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and see it. You will find this in Perfection. This is one great movie you don’t want to miss. I rate this 10/10.
