Jim Carrey has returned to the same role he played in “Mask,” a timid guy who is trying to break out into the world, but seems to be suffering from failure. Even when he tries to help a homeless guy to be raped by a bunch of hooligans (and, of course, they must be Mexicans), his goodwill is directed against his colleagues. In this case, it was easy to predict that he would have a bunch of evil hooligans, but I like that the film suggests that such things should not be ignored. I recall the episode of the brilliant Michael Moore's “Awful Truth”, when a man was lying on the sidewalk and pretending to be dead, to see who actually stopped and made sure that everything was in order. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see someone in the movies who sets a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays the role of Bruce Nolan, the sweet guy mentioned above, whose life seems to be falling. Besides. Or, even better, it seems that it is broken by the blows of failure, like an asteroid falling into the atmosphere (a slight metaphor that appears when Bruce miraculously discovers that the giant news comes later in the film). Bruce is almost 40 years old, and all he has to show is a reporter who reports on exciting news such as a local bakery that wants to bake the world's largest cookie. He is desperately trying to get the position of the main anchor on the TV channel, but he loses his composure on the air when he hears that the work went to his competitor counterpart. You have to love how they coincide with the revelation of this news to him seconds before his first live message. Needless to say, he loses his composure live in one of the funniest scenes in the entire film. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman in the role of Man himself demonstrates a fantastic performance, demonstrating God, whose infinite wisdom is to some extent reflected through Freeman’s great talent as an actor. He is the type of God who takes his work very seriously, but in such a way as to advise his followers (as well as the audience of this film) that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual labor in life. I like his opinion that at the end of the day some of the happiest people in the world come home smelling of heaven. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than our share in America) who are so absorbed in their money, their property, their work, and all that they have completely lost touch with the natural side of themselves as people. <Br /> <br /> One of the strengths of the film is that it can give excellent advice to people in general about improving their lives, and this idea is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewer's religion. For example, I tend to reject organized religion in all forms, and I see that God and Satan are metaphors for various aspects of nature and human psychology, and not actual figures who have ever lived or continue to live. But, despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as a creature watching the universe, or as a cleaner dressed in all white who in his spare time washes the floors of his office in the center of the city, I was able to evaluate the messages delivered in this film . <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey’s films show this fantastic evolution that binds them all together and makes new ones look even better just because you see how far he has come. If you compare Bruce Almighty with such films as Ace Ventura (both of which I loved, by the way) or with what he did before he got to the film, it’s just amazing how far he has come. He moved from stupid television comedy to stupid comedy films to comedies that are truly intelligent and meaningful, like this film, as well as such as The Truman Show, Man on the Moon and Majestic (easily one of his greatest films in the history of). Jim Carrey unmistakably switched from the foolish comedy of his past and became one of the most important comic actors working today. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Aniston also once again became an excellent addition to the film (as she did in the office space) as Bruce's girlfriend, who is becoming more irritated by Bruce’s growing stress about his life and his carelessness to ask her marry him. The film definitely has a small comedy that doesn’t quite match the importance of the film’s meaning or delivery quality, for example, a dog reading a newspaper in the toilet, and the whole monkey scene, but it was definitely very nice to see Ace Ventura’s friend Spike appear in a cameo. As Stephen King knows well, it's always nice to see familiar characters. This is almost the same as seeing the family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce is endowed with God's forces for a certain period of time so that he can understand life a little better, and he talks a lot about himself when he uses authority only for his own purposes and not to help all people who pray. his. What I like about this is that, as I said, religion is not in my life, but I could watch it and learn a lot about myself, thinking about what I would do if I were endowed with such powers The film allows us to learn in this way, which further enhances the meaning of the message. <br /> <br /> The scenes in which the news station is involved are the funniest ones in the whole film, for example, the scene when Bruce loses his composure. about the anchor position, the Jimmy Hoff scene (which was conveniently buried with the original birth certificate and a full set of dental records), the scene where the rival Bruce colleague makes you go crazy on camera, and my favorites, those who are cooking local bakery. In the film, Kerry has enough time to utter some great jokes, for example, when he says to God (which shows that he is a cleaner, owner, electrician, etc.), that his Christmas parties must be real, and be careful about drinking because he might need a trip home! I also really liked the end when he says that behind every great man there is a woman who rolled her eyes. Too believable, and, as Gallagher would add, there is an amazing mother-in-law behind every great man. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies that has been coming out for a long time. and perhaps this is the only religious figure I can remember, seeing that I can't wait to buy a DVD to add to my personal collection. This is a comedy, written and performed with taste, but with a rather low sense of humor to entertain children. This is a significant comedy for the whole family, which is becoming less and less common today. In the world, which is about to be screwed up by another American film “Pie” And another “Scary Film” (which are scary only because of their barbaric idiocy), it's nice to see that there are still people who make comedies worthy of viewing. Do not miss it.
