This is a good episode of the New Twilight Zone, which actually includes interesting ideas and smart stories (note that both of them are based on stories). “Examination day” is appointed in the future, an unknown year, but at that moment, when they have candles for the cake, which themselves light, huge TVs, similar to “phones”, which double the number of other entertainment machines and apply only to devices of a certain age . and exam day, when 12-year-old children must pass the mandatory IQ test. This story about a child, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) just celebrated his 12th birthday and an intelligent child, so he is calm, even wants to take a test, which he saw friends pass easily and knows that he will succeed, based on his school grades. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say that he should not have used his birthday wish to get a good result, and although their reason is that they believe he is capable, and he need not worry, it is quite obvious that they are concerned. I will not give anything in the final, but I will say this: there is a moment when we get an idea of ​​what will happen next, because the test is such a heavy subject: that evening (or others?) His parents ask Dicky if he prefers to watch tv all night By today's standards, we would be glad if he said he would prefer to read, and not only because it is not worth watching ... but why did his family ask about it? The fragrance of what is being promoted and discouraged in the future reminded me a bit of Harrison Bergenon’s atmosphere (which I heard didn’t get much adapted to the screen). I just wish they could provide an introductory and concluding narrative to make this theme as powerful as Outdated Man. I found it to be better than the story on which it is based. I did not read the one on which the “Message from Charity” was based, but I would like because it was interesting - 16-year-old boy Peter (Robert Duncan MacNeil) suffers from fever due to unclean water, that in his hometown of Massachusetts he was commonplace ... but he can see through the eyes of a young Puritan woman suffering from the same type of fever, Charity Payne (Kerry Noonan), who also finds herself able to experience what is happening around him. They both recover, especially since it happens in 1985, but the connection does not disappear. Charity is interested in the sights and sounds that she recorded in 1985, and each of them enjoys each other's company, especially Peter, who promoted grades in school enough to always feel isolated from other students, even in college, where he stayed at one a place in, However, the situation takes an unexpected turn when Charity talks about some of these experiences to a friend, who believes that 13 colonies will break out of England in a sign of bewitching, and this will add But to the fact that she escaped death from fever (not so often found in 1700). They are trying to learn how to save her. The ending is sad, but it has an interesting final moment that makes it touching. Both segments of this episode include a lot of pain, but both times through a lesson / warning that sounds like something Rod Rodling could cook, and entertainment makes fun watching, recalling that friendship, love and wisdom do a lot. Probably 3/4 of this doesn’t have a theme, but I think it would all be approved by the Stirling team.
