Given the name, this is the first continuation of QUARTET (1948), obviously, reduces the number of stories of W. Somerset Maugham that make up the film. The author still appears to present the episodes, but this time there is no epilogue; By the way, while the original of the original collection paid tribute to the RS. Sheriff, here Maugham himself also helped to adapt, as well as Noel Langley (although it is not clear whether they participated in one segment or worked in unison). As expected, most of the QUARTET team was retained for the second part - although this also applies to at least three actors, namely: Naonton Wayne, Wilfrid Heid-White, and Felix Aylmer (the last two had bit parts in the episode from QUARTET name "Lady Colonel"). Although TRIO ultimately turns out to be a lesser achievement than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced by the third story, which occupies more than half the time of work), it is still done with great care, with the enthusiasm played by the star team, and gives a lot of pleasure to the deal. <br /> <br /> Vergere talks about the church sexton (James Hayter), for which the name of the story is another word that the new parish priest fired after 17 years of service (Michael Hordern simply because he is illiterate Instead of resting on his laurels, despite his age, he not only takes his wife (his mistress, played by Kathleen Harrison), but also opens a tobacco store, strategically located on a long stretch of road, where such services are not offered - and with business flourishing, it turns into the whole chain. the last episode, he sees how he visits bank manager Felix Aylmer, who is not only surprised to learn of Hayter’s lack of education, but also asks him what were his other interests - to which the wealthy (and respected) with some irony tabachnik replies that he had a vocation to be anger! <br /> <br /> The second episode of “Mr. Know-it-all” is the shortest, but perhaps the most interesting: the journey to the sea is completely besieged by the unbearable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick british despite his foreign-language name, Kelada, which claims to have authority on virtually every subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to put up with him the most - the last one because he shares the cabin with the man and the first, given Patrick's attention to his pretty wife (Ann Crawford). However, during the costume party, the passengers decide to take revenge on Kelade, forcing one of them to impersonate him (a joke, which he naturally does not appreciate)! nevertheless, it is here that he manages to show a decent side to his character - told by Crawford that the necklace she wears is an imitation, Wayne challenges Patrick to name his price ... but he immediately realizes that this is a genuine article, and it is to compromise Crawford’s position if he says, so Kelada allows herself to be ridiculed publicly, and not to expose the fact that the woman probably has a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As the name implies, the Sanatorium serves many patients in a place controlled by Andre Morell; The protagonist is a new intern, Roland Culver, who is longingly watching what is happening. In fact, the narrative highlights three separate storylines — one humorous (“enmity” between two elderly Scots who have lived in a sanatorium for a long time, played by Finley Kerry and John Laurie), one melodramatic (an unstable relationship between a dissatisfied patient Raymond Huntley and a long-suffering , but Betty Ann Davies's devoted wife) and one bitterly sweet (romance between the naive but charming Gene Simmons and the wild guy Michael Renny, who, despite the fact that almost everything is against him o Morell diagnosed Simmons as a “lifesaver”, while Rennie remains only a few years old, leads a couple to the altar).
