It was a wonderful little American propaganda film that is both very creative and openly discusses Nazi atrocities before all the death camps were uncovered. Although at the end of 1944 and in 1945 it became clear how evil and terrible they were, this film, unlike other Hollywood films to date, is the most brutal and honest film of that era I have ever seen regarding atrocities the Nazis. <br /> <br /> The film begins in the courtroom in the future - after the end of the war (the film was shot in 1944 - the war ended in May 1945). In this fictional magistrate’s court, the Nazi leader is tried for war crimes. Wilhelm Grimm did not repent at all, and one by one witnesses were summoned to tell about the life of Grimm since 1919 in a series of memoirs. At first it seems that the film will be sympathetic or explain how Grimm was forced to join the Nazis. However, after a while it becomes very obvious that Grimm is just a sadistic monster. These episodes are surprisingly well-made and surely arouse your interest, and also make the film not like propaganda, but like a legitimate drama. <br /> <br /> In general, the film does a great job, considering the film is mainly stars of the second level of actors. There are many exciting scenes and performances - especially the very predictable scene of Jewish extermination near the end, which cannot but lead you to tears. It was also interesting how in the same point of the film there were super-creative scenes in which crosses are used, which you might not have noticed at first. In general, it is definitely necessary to see history buffs and anyone who wants to watch a good movie. <br /> <br /> For your information - this is not a serious criticism of the film, but Hitler was referred to as this paper hanger. "This is a reference to the myth that Hitler used to earn money by pasting wallpaper. NOT true - he used to be a “hungry artist", homeless and served well in the German army in World War I. Yes, a terrible person, but never a hanger for papers!
