Made after QUARTET, TRIO continued the quality of earlier versions of the Moham movie of short stories. Here the three stories are VERGER, MR. KNOW-THIS IS EVERYTHING, AND SANITORY. The first two comics (THE VERGER are like a long joke, but one with a good return), and the last one is more serious (considering health problems). Again the author presents the film and the stories. <br /> <br /> James Hayter, who soon received his signature in the role of Samuel Pickwick, becomes a hero in THE VERGER. He keeps this small job in the church, but the new vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears that Hayter does not study, he dismisses him. Hayter saved some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he likes to buy a small store of news and tobacco. He has a good eye, and his shop is flourishing. Soon he has a whole network of stores. When Horndern baptized his grandson, the latter was surprised to see how much his former Vergere was doing well. Payback is when bank manager Felix Ailmer meets with Hayter about diversifying their investments. I will leave it to you to hear an unintended, but ironic meeting code. <br /> <br /> According to Maugham, he met a man like Max Kelade (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In mr. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a hot-tempered, friendly and slightly domineering type from the Middle East who is on a business trip (regarding jewelery) on a steamer. His room mate in the room is Mr. Gray (forever silent and correct Wilfred Hyde-White), who somewhat and quietly disapproves of Max. Max loves to liven things up and soon takes an active part in the fun of the ship. At this point, the story actually resembles the plot of the non-Moems story and the film “CHINESE SEAS” (1935), since Max relies on the fact that he can distinguish a real decoration from a fake (insisting that this decoration he really noticed). I will not describe how Max approaches this occasion. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (Moema's fictional alter-ego is a writer and spy, as in Hitchcock's Secret Agent). Here he must use the sanatorium for several months for his health. He finds a wonderful team of people, including Gene Simmons as a fragile but beautiful young woman, Finley Kerry as a hot-tempered Scot, John Laurie as the second hot-tempered Scot who fights with Kerry, Raymond Huntly as a quiet patient who only shows his inner anger at the situation when his wife appears, and Michael Rennie in his youth, who has a serious life-threatening illness. Culver observes how the three stories of these characters play their conclusions. The last, concerning Simmons and Rennie, is ironic, but deeply touching. <br /> <br /> This was a wonderful continuation of the previous QUARTET, which is worth seeing.
