It was hard for me to love anyone in this movie. The main characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears at night in the Australian outback, are not bad people, but, of course, not all or even most of the many people we see in this film will be bad if we knew them better. But although we are as confident as the film wants us to be guilty or innocent by the Chamberlain from the very beginning of their tragic mess, the film takes a more or less sociological perspective regarding gossip, news media, the crowd, the crowd and speculation. This is not a film about the degenerate society of Australia, in particular; it's just a story about a real story that happened there. Mass society is much less developed than one who feels confident that we are. <br /> <br /> When the warden insists on killing all the dogs of the aborigine because of the untested actions of a single wild dog, when a life is accidentally destroyed, life goes out of control even more because most magazines, newspapers and TV programs distort the tragic truth to the level of drama, which drives its consumers to madness, there are no signs of sympathy or even any kind of look beyond the limits of their lives. own unconscious perceptions, under the influence of left and right energetic rumors and vibrations of others. The reason I appreciate this film is that it turns the focus from head to toe, from victims to masses. <br /> <br /> In addition to testimony against Lindy Chamberlain, suspicion was fueled mainly by her dignity. At first glance, she did not look so upset by the death of her little daughter. Why could she remain calm, even a sort of estrangement, not to mention keeping her head up, for television and the press? What part of the downward spiral could be prevented if it behaved more like the public in the media? Meryl Streep, one of, if not the greatest actress working today, can not give a performance that stands out in particular, and, frankly, no other actor or film production department. But she and the writers understand Lindy. What infuriates is that it is not so difficult. Apparently, she was by no means inclined to show emotion in public. Regardless of whether she is available as an attractive character in the truest sense of the word, we naturally tend to sympathize with her situation. <br /> <br /> Whether her performance is as enjoyable as Sophie's choice, “The Devil Wears Prada” Angels In America or other similar works, this is a triumph. It is difficult to delight the audience when you deliberately deny their understanding of themselves. She upsets us because we do not know what she thinks or feels. It took me some time to feel sympathy for her, but this is the way the film shows the reaction of public attention. <br /> <br /> She is married to a pastor, and they both profess a religion that is in a small minority and, therefore, is misinterpreted by the majority. At first, they react to their loss as if reconciled with the will of God, launching a rumor mill, giving rise to the idea that the death of their daughter was a kind of ritual murder on their part. Whatever happened to the little girl, her parents were part of the field, with which most of the media did not immediately identify themselves, so the first tendency was to chase them like a pack of hungry ... well ... <br /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neal are constantly on screen, but the Australian public plays a major role here. Like punctuation for each storyline, director Fred Shepisi moves away from the restaurant, tennis court, dinner, lounge and office, where the public tries Lindi and enjoys his passionate projections. <br /> <br /> These Golans - The Globe of the Legacy is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere of the situation does not give a sufficiently pleasant compensation for the fact that neither productivity nor the edge of production stand out. But it is very successful, as an indictment of the collective consciousness of the public.
