This review contains spoilers for those who do not know the details of the real story on which this film is based. <br /> <br /> The right to be presumed innocent until proven guilty is the fundamental right of every person in a civilized society; but according to the partisan, but sadly convincing story of Fred Shepisi about the famous murder trial in Australia, she was not granted Lindy Chamberlain, accused of killing her child. The story of her innocence was unlikely (the dingo allegedly took her), but those who implied her guilt, all the more, and there was no hard evidence against her. But the Australian public was shocked by the possibility of her guilt, and the deeply religious Chamberlain seemed terrible when they appeared in the media (and the media themselves, of course, were innocent in the process). Thus, although they were cleared by the initial investigation, they were subsequently prosecuted and convicted. Although Chamberlain was ultimately released, it is shameful only after the discovery of new evidence that "proves" their innocence, that no defendants should have produced. <br /> <br /> “A cry in the dark” works well everywhere, especially Meryl Streep, who puts a convincing Australian accent (at least on Poma’s ears) and manages to support Lindy sympathetic (to us), while still transmitting, how she managed to become a national figure of hate. The scenes where she actually goes to jail are simple but heartbreaking because we believe in the characters as real ones. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of this story (something that I can not comment on), the broader theme of this film will sound terribly true to anyone who knows about the British popular press and its ruthless habit of contacting to the least charitable instincts of their readers. No legal system would be perfect; but the current cry for asylum seekers in modern British tabloids emanates from the same pit of evil as the voices that Lindy Chamberlain has pushed away from. I am not a religious person, but the Bible still contains some suicidal lines (if you excuse the pun). “Do not judge, lest you be condemned” - one of them.
