Meryl Streep is gorgeous in her nuances and steadfast actions like the infamous Lindy Chamberlain, who was accused and attempted to kill her own child, Azariah Chamberlain, and used her alibi of predatory dingo as her defense. Based on the book “Angry Angels” and so named in the Australian edition, “Screaming in the Dark” is a terrible movie to watch. It presents a scenario that is too real for us in America: a witch hunt against a man is considered an easy target. <br /> <br /> Lindy Chamberlain was this woman. Being someone who expressed his opinion, someone who didn’t play a card of sympathy, and someone who was cool enough to continue his life, despite her terrible ordeals, she was marked as suspect and hated beyond understanding, even when it was clear that she did not kill her own child. The media began to tighten the noose and the progressive invasion of privacy, which soon caused the entire nation to stick to their sets, as they spent this family piecemeal. And despite all this, Lindy remained as steady as before, even when her husband Michael was falling apart. <br /> <br /> This position is, of course, a strength of force, no matter how sympathetic it may be, and people react strongly to this. They want the unfortunate mother to cry and cry, and sometimes faint at every step, and not sit there and look empty. People do not understand that not everyone grieves in the same way, and when someone decides to become strong, they begin to speculate. Meryl Streep embodies this spoiled woman to the limit and at the same time creates a cold, but not unfeeling woman who adhered to her convictions, even if they cost her freedom. Because of her, Sam Neil is allowed to gradually turn his character into despair - someone should, otherwise Chamberlain would be too detached, and no one wants to see it. With the exception of the monster, which at the time of this writing has become a news media. They will always eat the remains of the train and feed the mutilated manure to the ignorant public.
