Spoilers The following: I picked up the book “Evil Angels” when it appeared, without knowing anything about this case. Just to give the press and the Austrian people the opportunity to rest here, I was quite far from this before I began to doubt Chamberlain’s fault. The author obviously wanted the reader to understand why the public made hasty conclusions. John Bryson told the story just as it was presented to the jury (and raised by the press) of an arterial spray plate of actelon (??), Dr. James Cameron's confidence that the collar was cut with scissors, that the child could not take it whole clothes with buttoned buttons, bloody hand prints, etc., are pretty convincing. In the end, it was the experts in their fields who testified for no apparent reason to lie, and the fact that the evidence was completely wrong was not at all obvious to me. It was also very technical evidence that was difficult for a layperson to understand. At this point, apart from any auditory testimony in the tests, hardly anyone has ever heard of how a dingo attacks a man; people did not believe that this was possible. The public was suspicious of Seventh-day Adventists, whose origins made them cult, and all sorts of wild beliefs about them contributed to the emergence of guilt feelings. If it were not for the dedicated, selfless lawyers who worked tirelessly to investigate and refute testimony at the trial, finding Azaria’s clothes would not be enough to get Lindy out of jail later. For this reason, the book shook me, and I have been reluctant since then to come to the conclusion of someone's fault (except, of course, OJ). I was excited that the film was going to do about this event, and I don’t think it could have been done better. I always liked Sam, with whom I could completely identify myself, and Meryl was beautiful as always. Beautiful photography, haunting music. I think this is not only a very good, but also a very important film. It is a pity that he did not receive more publicity at the time when he was released.
