-The movie tells the story of the prince, whose life is beautiful, but after the evil wizard tells him to go to the city disguised as a beggar, the wizard then locks the prince and soon becomes the shadow ruler of Baghdad. The imprisoned prince meets a thief named Abu who helps him escape from prison and goes to a city called Basra, where he meets a princess whom he is madly in love with, but invisibly to him, the evil wizard Jafa is also in love with the princess and tries to convince her father to let him marry her. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the girl’s heart, so he blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. This leads the prince and Abu to go on an adventure to find a way to defeat Jaffa, restore peace in Baghdad and marry a princess. during their journey, they encounter everything from the sarcastic Gins who fly Abu through the clouds, a giant spider that is really hungry, and a flying horse that probably spawns one of the finest sequences that these old ones have ever seen eyes. <br /> <br /> This is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish that tells about flying horses, jinn, carpets and wizards who can actually work wonders, and not just beat people with their staffs. There are no stupid moments in it, and a love story is not a waste of time. The production projects are amazing in this film. From palaces to various dangerous traps faced by heroes. Despite the fact that this film is over 40 years old, the production design is much better than most of the crap that is used in modern cinema. Music and songs are also well made. Anyone who sees this will no doubt welcome: “I want to be a sailor on the seas,” as one of the great musical moments in the movie. I am usually not a big fan of singing in films, as I find them as enjoyable as my taxes, but I will be more than happy to make an exception for this film. <br /> <br /> - What the film sells to me is the fact that you see things that you don’t see in everyday life, and for the same reason I love things like “Two Towers” ​​and “Silent Hill. Even before today's modern fantasy film came along with their realistic computer graphics to explode our minds, there was this film that hit you without scattering a green screen everywhere. One of my favorite shots in the Two Towers is where we see the trolls opening the Black Gate, and the main attraction of this shot for me was that these great fantasy creatures are engaged, in fact, in manual labor, and this that I like the genie and the other creatures in the movie. They are just trying to make a living, just like everything that gives them a real feeling, although they are all just fantastic creatures. <br /> <br /> - It is literally impossible to watch this film and not to notice where the Aladdin Creators drew their inspiration. The characters in this film are pretty much the same characters in this film, from the talkative Gene to the flying carpet. In my eyes, this is not so bad, as it is pleasant to realize that I am not the only one on the planet who has a deep passionate love for this amazing film. I first saw it as a child in my homeland and thought it was the greatest thing in the world, and after watching last week I still think it is amazing. This is true evidence that a great movie can stand the test of time. Of course, the effects look a bit stale and cheesy, but this was done back in the 40s, so give it a rest. However, not everything looks outdated, since most things can still sustain their work today, if they are carefully examined in accordance with today's standard. <br /> <br /> - If you ever wanted to see the live version of Aladdin, then you should get willing with this, but the evil cynical bundle will probably do good by avoiding it, because it will not be their cup tea
