This is an oriental fantasy about “A Thousand and One Arabian Nights”, a lot of incredible adventures, fantasy witchcraft and magic. The vicious vizier Jaffar (superbly played by Conrad Weidt) with powerful magical powers imprisons Prince Ahmad Baghdad (the attractive John Justin), who loses his throne and then escapes thanks to a little thief named Abu (sympathizing with Sabu). They arrive in Basora, where Ahamad and the princess fall in love (the gorgeous June Duprez). But the prince and the thief is haunted by Jaffar, Ahamd is blind, and Abu has become a dog. The story contains several fantastic components, such as the transformation of the leading role, the flying mechanical horse, the magic bow, the flying carpet and, of course, the colossal genie (replayed by Rex Ingram), which gives three wishes to Saba, the magic eye, the figure Goddess Kali with several hands, among others. <br /> <br /> This wonderful film is considered one of the best science fiction films of all time. Produced by London Fims Alexander Korda and directed definitively attributed to Ludving Berger, Michael Powell and Tim Whelan with the stunning script Lajos Biro, and Miles Malleson also supports the dialogues of the writer and actor, as Sultan is fond of mechanical games. The outbreak of the Second World War caused paralyzing shooting, then three brothers and a Korda employee went to the USA, continuing shooting there, in particular, to the Grand Cannon Colorado. Technicolor's gorgeous visual and brilliant cinematography, the setting and the FX triggered the achievement of three Oscars: William Cameron Menzies and Vincent Korda’s production designs, George Perinal’s Cinematography and Osmond Borradayl’s Special Effects, although today are dated and require urgent re-mastering because of the colors of fine colors from Osmond Borradayl, although they are now dated and require urgent re-mastering because of the colors of fine colors from Osmond Borradayl, although they are dated and require urgent re-mastering because of the colors of fine colors from Osmond Borradayl, although they are now dated and require urgent re-mastering because of the colors of fine colors from Osmond Borradayl, although today they are dated and require urgent re-mastering because of the colors of fine colors from Osmond Borradayl, although they are dated and require urgent re-mastering, because the colors are separate and the colors are separate from the colors of Izmond Borradayl. In addition, one nomination for memorable and oriental musical accompaniment of Miklos Roses. This bright story with a huge amount of fantasy will appeal to fans of fantasy and fans of classic cinema.
