The storyline of “The Thief of Baghdad” is complex because it is recounted in memoirs and has three separate and equally important threads woven together. Layo Biros script and Miles Malleson's dialogue skillfully develop the plot in all respects. The young king Baghdad Ahmad is angry with his vizier Jafar for executing a man for having different ideas. In disguise, he discovers that people accuse him of Jafar’s deeds and hate him. Jafar imprisons him where he meets Abu, a young thief. Two of them flee and board a boat to the city of Basra. There, satellites spy when people clear the way, so no one will see a princess passing by. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in his garden. He tells her that he came to her from outside of time and wins a kiss. Then he was captured. When Jaffar comes to win the princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks an evil vizier who blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. Then Jaffar asks for the hand of the princess, and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the Sultan of Basra. Then blind Ahmad tells his story in the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince fell asleep and nothing can wake her up. Therefore, Jaffar sends his servant Khalimu for Ahmad and the dog in the hope that the prince will be able to wake her up. He woke her up. She gets on the ship to find a doctor to cure Ahmad, but Jaffar grabs her, who then throws the dog overboard. She then allows Jaffaru to take her in her arms, promising to restore Ahmad’s vision and turn Abu back into a thief. The princess sees the vision of Ahmad; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to surround him, and Abu was shipwrecked on an uninhabited island. Abu finds a genie or a genie who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries spent in a bottle. Abu deceives him, forcing him to prove that he really came from such a small vessel, and then clogs it again. For his release, he receives three wishes. His first for sausages. In the meantime, the princess begs the father to abandon Jaffar; but Jaffar shows the Sultan a new mechanical toy, one of the six arms of which kills him. Abu makes a second wish to find Ahmad. Sly genie flies to the god of the all-seeing eye. Abu needs to climb a huge cobweb to get to the gem, which is the eye, fighting a giant spider, and then climbing the statue of the goddess. Abu looks into the "eye" and sees Ahmad in the canyon. He has a genie to take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses his eye to see the princess. She smells like a flower and forgets everything at once. Abu wants them to be in Baghdad, but the gin laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him, without mentioning Ahmad. Ahmad is trying to get to the princess, but Jaffar breaks the "eye". Abu finds himself in the Land of Legends, where the ruling old men want to make him their king. He steals a bow and a magic carpet and instead runs off to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner, using his bow from a flying carpet, to the surprise of the crowd, who came to observe the execution. Jaffar tries to run on a mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow finishes him. Ahmad is again a ruler and plans to marry his princess; but when he tries to make Abu his vizier, the young thief refuses, saying that he wants adventure, not hard work and imprisonment in the palace, no matter how great he is. This fantastic story was presented by the luxurious producer Alexander Korda. The production was developed by Vincent Korda, who was also the artistic director, and Georges Perinal was involved in colorful cinematography. The directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda participating. Unusual and numerous costume designs were the works of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Wertes. I contend that in the production, besides the magnificent and expensive-looking visual glories, two other elements dominate: the choral music of Miklos Roses and the performance of Conrad Weidt as the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays a genie with a curious accent, plus his usual intelligence and strength. June Duprez is beautiful and effective, because Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson is a really clumsy and stingy sultan. Like Ahmad, John Justin seems to be doing most of what can be done with a part of the young prince in love, and then with some; He is unforgettably good in his winning role. In this film there is room, which, as I say, is found in other works of Korda. Its imaginative content contrasts with very strong realistic decorations, costumes and decoration elements. This is one of the most memorable fantasies at the level of ideas of all times, worthy of pleasure again and again.
