Very beautiful film, one of the few that I saw when I was young, which fascinated me then and still, but in the case of Thief, the impression seems to improve with time. By the 90s, my daughter and I saw it many times on TV, but still went to take pictures when it came to the local cinema at the art house. when it ended, we came out with starry eyes with heads full of poetry and incendiary music of Miklos Roses, wishing that it could last a couple of hours longer, and thought what a beautiful world he had become again. <br /> <br /> The idealistic prince Ahmad wants some time to be a slum among his people to check the situation, but the evil vizier Jafar uses his chance to imprison him and seize the throne. After escaping with the little thief that Sabu plays, Ahmad notices the princess, and they blindly fall in love ?? on the way, they have many adventures (although this is not enough for Sabu), and Love not only conquers, but also destroys everything. The special effects must have been fascinating in 1940, but Time took its toll and diminished their influence, especially after digital animated films took on even a live action, but they still compare well with films like Superman. 40 years later. In any case, if I am asked to suspend disbelief in giant gnawing gins, flying horses and carpets, I will also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects! Favorite beats: dreamy scene in a sunny garden, when Ahmad reveals himself and, accordingly, the romantic song of Adelaide Hall; awesome colors in a tent in the Land of Legends? in fact, awesome colors in everything; Triumphal, but still brooding finale to Sabu and Roses. Conrad Weidt played the villain in two of the most incredible romantic films ever, Casablanca, and then he died. John Justin and June Duprez were magnificent starring lovers, both of them slightly and refreshingly raised, but the roles did not cause a huge range of emotions: only pure love mattered. <br /> <br /> There are a couple of slightly violent images in it, but rest assured that this is a great Feelgood experience with a 100% positive message, it’s a pity that in our time young children don’t watch it instead of porn. One of my top 10 movie favorites, I can't recommend it too much ?? Let it be shown to the end of Time.
