Mario Lanza, of course, “The Great Caruso” in this 1951 film, which also starred Anne Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Edouard Franz and Ludwig Donat. This is a very fictional biography of the legendary, world-famous tenor, whose name is known even today. <br /> <br /> The film is luxuriously shot, and the music is gorgeous and beautifully sung by Lanza, Kirsten, Judmila Novotna. , Blanche Tebom and other opera stars that appeared in the film. If you are a purist, you will be surprised to see people on stage smiling during a sextet from Lucia, even if Caruso’s wife Dorothy just had a little girl. It is also very unlikely that Caruso ever sang Edgardo in Lucia; The role is too high for him. <br /> <br /> Taking a dramatic license, the script misses some very dramatic parts of Caruso’s life. What was so wonderful about him was that he actually created roles in operas that are included in the standard repertoire today, but they never mention this in the film. These roles include Maurizio in the film Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in the film “The Girl from the Golden West”. There is a famous photograph in which he poses with a sheet wrapped around him like a toga. The reason for this photo? His only shirt was in the laundry. He was one of the pioneers of recorded music and worked for a long time with Victor Talking-Machine (later RCA Victor). He sang José at Carmen in San Francisco on the night of the earthquake. <br /> <br /> Instead, in the history of MGM, he dies on stage during Martha’s performance, which has never happened before. He had a hemorrhage during L'Elisir d'amore in Met, and he could not finish the show; he only sang three more times in Met, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? The same thing that killed Valentino is peritonitis. His first role in "Met" was not Radames in Aida, as indicated in the film, but the duke in Rigoletto. Therefore, when it says “suggested by Dorothy Caruso on the biography of her husband” on the screen, this is exactly what was suggested. What is true is that Dorothy’s father denied her after marriage and left her one dollar of his vast property. They also had a daughter, Gloria (who died at the age of 79 on October 7, 2007). However, Caruso had four more children from his mistress, before he married Dorothy. <br /> <br /> Some people say that the voice of Lanza is surprisingly similar to the voice of Caruso, but just listen to how Caruso sings in the movie “Match Point” - Caruso's voice is surprisingly different from the voice of Lanza. In fact, by his sound, if he wanted, Caruso could sing like a baritone. It is believed that he had some problems with high notes, another evidence of a baritone inclination; and the role he was preparing when he died was Othello, the dramatic role of a tenor, which Lanza was definitely not. Lancian's voice deserved to be compared with another. He made a unique contribution to the history of cinema, popularizing opera music. He sings music in "Grand Caruso" with vigorous energy; he is really here at the peak of what will be a short career. His game is natural and authentic. Ann Blythe is beautiful as Dorothy sings a little herself. <br /> <br /> Truly a movie for opera lovers and fans of Lantsi, who are probably the same thing.
