When I saw this film in the theater, when it was released in 1995 at a free advanced show, I was absolutely fascinated and would love to pay for watching it. I was sorry when I talked to many people after that who also saw it, and who were completely disappointed with it and how it ended. I, on the other hand, felt quite the opposite. I was completely satisfied with the result and the rest. People I talked to said that there was too much talk! Plus, they were unhappy because they felt that the final made you think about the fate of two characters. I found that these observations are absurd and also painful evidence that most of the American publicist public seems inclined to want to be easy to follow the story in films with a not too complicated and clever dialogue, so that they don't get confused. They also like it when they are fed with clean endings - happy OR sad. This disgusts me. Nobody wants to challenge more ??? As for the finale (and I don’t want to be a spoiler), I’m completely satisfied, because I know in my heart that these two characters will see each other again. It's all about your personal faith in romance and destiny. This is a very personal film that does not speak to all people. But it certainly spoke to me. Give it a chance! Be patient with this! Richard Linklater created a very beautiful film with a beautiful story against the backdrop of the beautiful city of Vienna. Watching this, you feel as if you are walking the streets of the city along with the characters. As if you yourself traveled to Europe on the pass Eurail. It is very intimate. In addition, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do an exquisite job of translating a complex script. They had to improvise during some parts, and it works well. They have excellent chemistry in their roles. Their embarrassment as strangers who recognize each other at the beginning is very believable, and you can really feel how the romance and the connection between them develop as the movie progresses. I have the feeling that this was a very personal work for Mr. Linklater, and I deeply respect him for making this film. It definitely touched me, and I hope that this also applies to others. Bravo for romance !!!
