Last night I managed to catch a double double film “Before the Sunrise” (1995) and “Before Sunset” (2004), and I watched both films in a row without being able to catch my breath or think about the meaning of each film individually. After I sleep, I must say that I mostly prefer the former rather than the latter, and I will explain why. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise introduces us with young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets) Society, only 25 at the time of the film; and Julie Delpy (The Three Colors trilogy), then 26 (although she looks much younger). He is an indiscriminate American writer traveling in Europe after parting with his girlfriend; She is a young French student on her way home to Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decide to leave the train together. Two deeply spiritual and intellectual people who spend the whole night together, walking along the beautifully captured streets of Vienna, exchanging ideals and thoughts and gradually falling on love. <br /> <br /> The film of the 1990s was written everywhere: then the technologies were rapidly developing, the new millennium with all its hopes and dreams awaited its hour, and young people like the ones depicted in the film were filled with love for life and passion for the future. The characters Jesse (Hawk) and Celine (Delpi), with all their flaws and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, mistakenly or deliberately, was half American half French, and he fluctuated from one spectrum to another, breaking the character of trust), was a time mirror. Seeing how a naive couple swallows life with such meaning and excitement, keeping yourself clean and romantic, and at the same time managing to make the audience love them - this is what really made this film work for me. The fact that the director does not tell you whether their relationship continues after the film or not makes it all the more valuable. <br /> <br /> In general, Sunrise is a dreamy walk through the city’s urban landscapes. Vienna, a well-narrated classic romantic date, and a film to which I will definitely return for further understanding sometime in the future.
