I bought the “Before Sunset” DVD and saw it for the first time a week ago. After seeing him twice, I couldn’t help but miss “Before Dawn”, not because the sequel was not so wonderful, but I felt that these two films complement each other as it never was, every time I finished watching one of them, I feel the need and longing to see another. Thus, I spent weeks watching them repeatedly, and it would be awkward for me to mention how many times it is accurate. The great thing about Before Sunrise is how you feel the development of your characters' feelings towards each other. It sounds so simple: the growth of chemistry, I think that other romantic films may think that they will be able to track the development, but I - who do not believe in Norus Efron - before Sunrise - is the first film that really gives viewers a chance to feel it . When I first saw him, about 8 years ago, when I was 20 years old, I already liked him. But I didn't rate him as a “great movie”, it still seemed to me a good movie for other thinking people, Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes longer, the characters were too well thought out, I thought that I like it, because it was like a dream, and because I liked their conversations, etc., etc. But now, thanks to Before Sunset, I feel that this is more than Before Sunrise than that I felt to him before. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. The way each of them is a separate element, and they have a chance to mix, the story is just a period of time, I no longer feel the manipulations. And the freedom that each scene has, as well as its refusal to be overly effective, as far as I was blind, that these qualities did not strike me as exceptional, when I first saw it! Eight years have passed, and the more films I watched, the more I realized that many films are simply collections of ordered scenes that exist only for the sake of its end, even films such as Pulp Fiction or Linklackers Slackers. The story of Jesse and Celine avoids this, maybe “Until Dusk” and is the best example in this case, but “Before Dawn” is also one of the few films where its ending is only a consequence of time, not a destination, each scenes have their own life. I don’t know if Linklater or anyone else was going on when they did Pre-Dawn, but for me one of the most amazing things about these sequels is how these two films visually contrast with each other. Before Sunrise, which seems to me to use more static angels and brighter color schemes, as if trying to capture the smallest atoms of vitality surrounding Jessie and Celine, the world is always full of hope, whether the characters feel it or not. In the meantime, I get into the vision of boredom when Jesse is stuck talking to reporters at dusk, and Celine’s first smile from behind the shelves is the most heartbreaking smile I saw at the beginning of the movie, and a lot of moving shots after that takes me to a place that I do not know, with sadness in me, no matter how beautiful Paris is, and no matter how happy I am that they meet again. I'm sorry that I continue for so long with my limited English, before Sunrise becomes an extraordinary film in which I will not pour out my scattered thoughts, and it gets even better with the same wonderful continuation after it.
