After a chance encounter on the train, a young couple spends one night walking the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see “Before Dawn” is to see how young Julie Delpy talks about herself. Like Celine, this sexy, intelligent, inspired blond with brown eyes is a cross between Brigitte Bardot and Johnny Mitchell when they were a little over twenty. At the risk of overstating, Celine is almost an ideal woman, extraordinarily beautiful and very feminine, but at the same time natural, unpretentious, introspective and selfless. We can easily forgive that she is a little eccentric and speaks a black stripe, because her sincere, intelligent remarks sometimes come through. In addition, her diverse expressions are nothing short of captivating, and she speaks English with a French accent, which is very attractive. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly spoon in this good movie, then it must be her untidy and disheveled partner. Ethan Hawke in the role of "Jesse" looks like a vaguely attractive sluts, like Maynard J. Krebs of the nineties. Trying to seem detached and careless, he seems to break through certain shots. His pants do not sit well, his T-shirt is not tucked in, his wavy dark hair (his most attractive feature) needs a good wash, and someone really had to show him how to cut his young beard properly. However, he had to represent an unwashed young man on a two-week train ride across Europe, so the look he brought up is probably quite genuine. His often-cynical observations and a strange sense of humor seem to produce the impression of a romantic Celine, although she is sometimes worried about the degree of his alienation. When he finally admits to her that he is very tired and he likes being with her, because he feels like another person in her presence, we know that he is getting somewhere. <br /> <br /> After spending their collective funds on a series of cafes, bars and stupid entertainment, they agree that since they will never see each other again, they should get the most out of it. Jesse knocks out a bottle of red wine from a sentimental bartender so that he and his newly made ladies' love can repair in the local park in the middle of the night to lie on the grass, looking at the moon and the stars and watching the sun go up. <br /> <br /> Considering his boundless luck in the romantic department, it is especially tiring when Jessie, as the very definition of a naive jerk, foolishly allows this wonderful young lady to slip out of his hands. He is content with a half-burnt plan, quickly developed at the railway station, when he asks her to say goodbye, to reunite in the same place in six months. When the appointed time comes, you just know that this beautiful and unusual girl will be associated with another, perhaps even married and pregnant. For some reason, she probably won't show, and Jesse, who eventually works at Target or (if he is lucky) at the local library, will return to Vienna, desperate to see her again, only to be alone. /> <br /> Despite the fact that for me there was a very discouraging conclusion, “Before Dawn” is a great movie. I highly recommend this and the sequel, “Before Sunset.”
