Many of the criticisms in this topic seem to opt for comparing this film with "Deathstorm" or "Casablanca." Everyone has the right to compare the films he chooses, but the similarity of the “Mortal Storm” and “Looking at the Rhine” is undoubtedly the problem of the refugees threatened by the Nazi juggernaut, while the main comparative point revealed with “Casablanca” is the seeming the unfair interpretation of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences because they chose Paul Lucas instead of Best Actor Oscar. It does not seem to me completely wrong. Lucas had a good film career (both here and in England - he is the villain in The Lady Disappears), and this performance was his best. Bogart had more great performances than Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored by Sam Spade in the Maltese Falcon and Roy Earle in The High Sierra two years earlier, both of which were first-class performances, and he would not get Oscar for his greatest performances as Fred K. Dobbs in The Treasure of Sierra Madres, a suspected writer / murderer in A Lonely Place, and captain Philip Francis Qvig in Kane's Rebellion later - he got it for Charlie in the Queen of Africa ). I think the gods should have gotten him to the role of Dobbs, but this did not happen. But Lucas was lucky - he got it on the defining performance of his lesser career. Few can claim this. <br /> <br /> For me, the movie “Watch On the Rhine” is based on Hellman’s other play / script The Searching Wind. They both look at the American spirit of isolationism in the 1920s and 1930s. "The Searching Wind" really looks at the entire interwar period, while "Watch On The Rhine", established in the years preceding our entry into World War II, deals with several weeks of time. Therefore, it is better designed as a game and more significant for its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has a lot of good performances, led by Lucas as an exhausted but determined anti-Nazi wrestler / courier, Davis as his faithful wife (wisely keeping his character as restrained as possible, since Lucas was the focus of the play) , Koulouris is both selfish, cunning, but ultimately stupid and ineffective Tek, Lucille Watson as Davis's mother and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as wise and sad and fed up with Koulouris) and Kurt Katch, who delivers destructive criticism (as head of the local embassy to Gestapo ) about Coulouris and others who will deal with the Nazis. It has a dialogue with a bite. And what he says is absolutely true. It also has moments about poetry. Look at the scene near the end, when Koururis will be left alone with Lucas and Davis and he will say: “The new world has left the scene in the Old World”. From time to time, Hellman could write very well. <br /> <br /> Considering the strength of the screenplay and the performances, I would highly appreciate this film among the films of the Second World War.
