Many wonderful things happened before sunrise, almost too many to fit into one review like this, but suffice it to say that this is one of the most observant studies of the character of the nineties, maybe even in all modern cinema, to be observant, about love , so to speak, about the human connection. How to fall in love at first sight? No one does, at least, deeply in the consensus Linklater wants to show with his film. And, nevertheless, there is such a strong connection that can be formed among those who are young and with many ideas that can be expressed clearly and with the breadth of cynicism, and somehow very gently and truly at the same time. Here, Linklater tells us the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy, who leave the same train heading for Vienna, and on the way there they start talking about things that are arbitrary first and then personal (Jesse sees death for the first time great grandfather). Jesse persuades Celine to go with him to the "city" in Vienna for the night before his plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise gives Jesse and Celine, in the midst of Vienna’s gorgeous landscapes and locations, to go on and on about things that matter a lot, and in a sense about the act of talking, about what people watch leading one into the other and the other. Here we often talk about relationships and obligations, like Jesse and Celine tell stories, sometimes somewhat unimportant, or seemingly so, and others who can tell a lot about their basic qualities. We hear recognition of other people's desires or of what they really disliked, being part of a family or part of upbringing, which may or may not tell you how you will love your life, what it means to believe or not to believe in some kind of religious form or just having some kind of connection with some kind of faith and soul (I liked a little about Quakers in the church), and sometimes with cynicism or skepticism. Jesse may be more responsible for this last part, but what is surprising in the film is that he himself is never just cynical, just commenting on the cynicism that underlies the interests of men and women at this age. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, it is always nice to see Ethan Hawke and Julia Delpy in these roles, where they are not constantly annoyed in this generation of the 1990s, but these are the people where, if not in the very vanity of the film, it is not bad at all, but necessary, you might think that it is walking around the city streets somewhere. Vanity is an old romantic picture known as the Brief Encounter, only here intimacy is expressed in the central characters, or between themselves where the sweet sides are acceptable (“I have to tell you a secret,” says Jesse, and then leans in.) ho) or in small moments that pop up with other people along the way. I liked the scene with the poet, which is very cinematic - suddenly finding an occasional romantic player in bits in the middle of a romantic picture with such beautiful words at his disposal or with a reader’s palm and with the way Jesse and Celine react that we could share, but actually see how they do it first hand. While Hawke and Delpy interestingly embody the role - we can see how neuroses are formed already for their adult life - how this can lead to the future ... <br /> <br /> Thanks to the magnificent cinematography and the script with an ear to the natural by wit and true sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, however closed it may be, it can lead to something more. Who can say that you cannot suddenly be attached to someone, even for less than 24 hours, and be much more attached than a married couple? Perhaps this is Linklater’s thesis, but there’s more to it. This is a very dense film, and it will force me to refer to it repeatedly. In particular, one scene that is both gentle and brilliant is when they are talking to each other “on the phone”, imitating the fact that their expositions can go to a friend of another. A +
