Before Sunrise is a rogue novel. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is an unusual story that a dream has come true for most people. The film depicts romance in all its glory, but without any pitfalls that most couples face; In short, the film tells about two people who have a relationship that is as close to perfection as it ever happens - with one problem - the problem of time. While most relationships weaken over time, these relationships continue to strengthen, and time itself is the only thing that wears off. Before Sunrise, of course, there is no typical sentimental "Hollywood novel", which is another aspect that puts the leagues of this film ahead of the contenders. The story follows two people, Jesse; American and Celine; french girl who meets by train to Vienna. They instantly connect, and after Jesse asked Celine to join him for the whole day in the picturesque city of Vienna, telling her her terrible idea about the TV show and almost getting off the train ... <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise works in mainly for two reasons - realistic action and a huge script that builds characters through their thoughts and feelings and thus allows us to get to know them as we do people in real life. This allows the characters to be free, and it's easy to believe that these are real people, and not just script actors. It also allows us to feel the characters as they are, and not just because they are the main characters. This kind of realism is hard to grasp, because, after all, we, as spectators, know that they are watching a movie and not watching real life; but “Before Sunrise” is one of the most realistic realism shows ever seen on screen. A truly great script cannot work on its own, and it needs great actors to convey it to a degree that justifies it, and although I am not a fan of either Julie Deplay or Ethan Hawk; when you watch this movie, you can do nothing but respect them both. I do not know whether they were in the character or simply played themselves, but when the film is good; it hardly matters. <br /> <br /> In this film, the essay is most important, and the script contains some observations about life, most of which I personally could relate to. This is what Richard Linklater achieved through this scenario, as he not only creates and builds characters, but also reveals what true love is, along with some other aspects of life. The fact that not all jokes are personally connected to me again represents the magnificence of writing. All people are different, so different parts of the script will appeal to different people. In one person there may be certain aspects that one person loves, and the other hates; and this refers to the reflections in this scenario. Adding to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not very important for the film, as it is a story that could happen anywhere, but it creates wonderful visual effects, and a cheerful, energetic novel, flourishing throughout the film, is combined with beauty <br /> <br /> Until sunrise, it is both beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater created something rare in the world of cinema; a film that captures the beauty of life, never going beyond or being overly sentimental. Until sunrise, that is what it is. And what it is, pure cinematic brilliance.
