I will tell you the story of the summer of 1994. My friend and I attended a concert on Canada Day at Barry, and it was someone who was one of the best Canadian bands of the time. We got there at about 4 am, we waited most of the time in the queue, and when the doors opened at 9 am, we were one of the first inside the gate. Then we waited and waited under the scorching sun, slowly roasting, but we didn’t care, because the headliners were among our favorites. One day in the early afternoon, I sat down and fell asleep with my back to the barrier. I was awakened by shock and confusion from a screaming girl in a t-shirt with rheostats. That's why I hated rheostatics to this day. There is nothing sensible, no taste, nothing really, except their fandom. Snot from me, right? So, I denied myself in my hatred for the band that I was delighted with Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howle had it all. It's hard to say what he lost, since he lives in a fantastic mansion, sandwiched between the ocean and the mountains (the region of British Columbia, where the film was made, is breathtaking). The life most of us dream about is destroyed by dreams, ghosts and his own past, to the day when the teenager criminal enters ... and, no matter how trite it is, it pulls him out. <br /> <br /> Canadian Cinema suffers from several problems. As a rule, a shortage of money, as well as an intolerable shortage of requests for help (as if this function ceased to be Canadian) lead to lower production costs than American or British films, and most people don’t like to watch something that sounds or looks Well, not like an American movie. Further, Canadian writers often seem so strange that they lose sight of how to tell a good story and tell it well. Thirdly, they seem to think that excessive nudity (often completely frontal) makes something artistic. I am sure that anyone who watches enough Canadian films, especially late on CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It seems that somewhere somewhere there is a reference book "do not do this", and Canadian cinematographers threw it away a long time ago. <br /> <br /> However, in the 90s and 00s, some films (such as The Work of Bruce Macdonald and brilliant CRAZY) broke this pattern and managed to keep what makes them Canadians, while maintaining watchable production values ​​and wonderful stories. Whale music is such a film, on the surface. Deeper than just his Canadian forms, this is a deeply touching story about a man who lost his hold because of grief and surplus, who was redeemed by music and then by love. And it redeems even rheostatics. :)
