Emma was the product of what could be called Jane Austen's First Great Cycle in the mid-nineties, and it was recently shown on British television, no doubt due to interest in the author, Jane Austen's Second Great Cycle, which began with "Pride and prejudice "two years ago. We currently have an Austin biopic "Becoming Jane" in theaters, and ITV recently released three television films based on Austin's novels. These include Northang Abbey, the only one of the six main novels that have not been shot before, so the cycle must be completed. No doubt, however, there will be more in the near future. (In the end, there is her young “Love and Friendship” (sic), a short novel “Lady Susan”, and someone somewhere, no doubt, provided her with two unfinished fragments with the endings: “Watsons” and “Sandyton”. Then There are all these Austin sequels that modern writers release ??????). <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from an aristocratic family in England Regency. (No, as some reviewers suggested, Victorian England - Austin died before the birth of Queen Victoria). Financially, Emma is significantly better than most Austin heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and she does not need to look for a rich husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She convinces her friend Harriet to reject the marriage proposal from the young farmer Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should look at the ambitious cleric Mr. Elton. However, this scheme is catastrophically erroneous, since Elton is not interested in Harriet, but fell in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes one wonder why she was so eager to match her friend with a man whom she considers (for a good reason) to be an inappropriate marriage partner for herself. This is the conspiracy of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be less loyal to the maiden than she seems, and she also falls in love, which leads to further complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists that she will not marry without love, and when she really finds a partner, beautiful Mr. Knightley, we feel that it really will be a gentle marriage. However, it seems that he is not very passionate (unlike, say, Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years older than Emma (she is 21, he is 37 years old) and is associated with her marriage, looks more like a father figure than a lover. In fact, this is a much more father figure than her real father, an old and selfish hypochondriac, who looks more like her grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearably talkative and tiresome friend Miss Bates, Knightley blames her for lack of manners. (His surname is probably intended to indicate his gentlemanly nature — gentlemen of the 19th century loved to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their carefully designed knightly codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their roles very well, but this is not really one of the best screen novels. <br /> <br /> Of the other characters, I liked the vulgar Mrs. Elton Juliet and Harriet Toni Collette. I know that in the novel, Harriet was a naive young girl, whereas here she looks more like the character Collette played in Muriel's Wedding - a daring, slightly overweight, which worries her chances of finding a man. However, I felt that this feature worked well in the context of the film and did not detract from the theme of Austin. <br /> <br /> “Emma” is one of Austin’s most carefree works, without darker shades. ” Mansfield Park, or even Pride and Prejudice, and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of stately homes, elegant costumes and delicate manners. In addition to hooligan gypsies, who look very briefly, the only “poor” people we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and since they live in a kind of picturesque cottage with straw roses, which today pass from hand to hand over 500,000 pounds, we can be sure that their poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma’s world, poverty is defined as the absence of a stately home of its own. This, of course, is not an exhaustive picture of the life of the early nineteenth century, but no one ever claimed the role of Austin as the regent equivalent of a realist kitchen sink. A complex romantic comedy, combined with a sharp mind to analyze a human character, was rather in its line. <br /> <br /> I wouldn’t rate this film as highly as Sense and Sensitivity of 1994 or the recent Pride. and prejudice "- it tends to tighten a little in the middle, although it has a strong beginning and a strong end - but, in general, this is a very pleasant adaptation of Austin. 7/10
