Romance is in the air, and love flourishes in the Victorian era in England, in this carefree story unfolding against society at a time when manners were still in vogue, ladies were charming and elegant, and gentlemen famously. Emma, ​​based on the novel by Jane Austen and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, plays the main role in the lead role, the beautiful Gwyneth Paltrow. Emma, ​​appointed by the matchmaker herself, enjoys a romantic idea of ​​how to play Cupid and try to connect those whom she considers appropriate to each other. Completing a successful match that ended in marriage, she then aims to find an assistant for her girlfriend Harriet (Tony Collett), but the result of her initial attempt turns out to be less than satisfactory. Meanwhile, her efforts are held back by the handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northham), whose views on heart issues often seem more insightful than Emma’s and provide the necessary balance in the process. And Emma, ​​preoccupied with what is right for others, neglects the heart, which is in fact the most important of all: her own. The world rotates and love abounds, but Emma is going to miss the boat. Fortunately for her, however, someone is just waiting for her in the wings. Now, if she can, but stay long enough to figure it out. But, as everyone who knows true love knows, the deeds of the heart in one moment can go right or wrong, depending on the slightest; and while the novel is close to Emma, ​​she must first recognize it and seize the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath created and released a delightful, pleasant to the touch film, like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world. This may seem frivolous, but, looking back, this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing that, frankly, someone has: love. And with the impeccable sense of rhythm and McGrath’s time, it all unfolds here in a way that is completely interesting and enjoyable. This is a pleasant, spectacular film with an excellent cast, which successfully transfers the viewer to another time and place. It is an easy meal, but exciting; and the picturesque scenery and setting create a sense of well-being and tranquility that allows you to immerse yourself in it and just go with the flow. <br /> <br /> Fascinating Paltrow, who won an Oscar for Best Actress for “Shakespeare In Love” two years after making it, seems to feel comfortable and at home in this genre. She personifies everything British and does it with such naturalness and ease that this is a type of performance that is easily taken for granted or ignored altogether. She is just so good at what she does, and makes it so easy. She has a charismatic presence on the screen and a charming manner, very reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. Yet Paltrow is unique. As an actor, she has a wide range and style, and she demonstrated - with such films as “Hard Eight”, “Hush” and “A Perfect Murder” - that she can play almost any role effectively and with this personal touch that makes any role she plays her own. But with characters like Emma, ​​she really shines. She is so expressive and open, and her personality is so attractive that she is one to whom it is easy to relate and just be happy to watch, regardless of the role she plays. And for Emma, ​​she's absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam also does an excellent job with Knightley, and, like Paltrow, seems to fit the genre - in the right role, that is; his performance in the later Golden Ball, in which he played the Italian prince, was less than satisfactory. Here, however, he is perfect; he is handsome and behaves in such a way that makes Knightley believable and very real. Like Mr. Darcy Colin Firth in the Pride and Prejudice mini-series, Northam created a memorable character with his own Mr. Knightley. <br /> <br /> Tony Collett also does an excellent supporting role and deserves a mention. Emma's girlfriend, Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, like Rev. Elton. Accordingly, Collette and Cumming create characters that are very real people and, as such, become a vital asset for the overall success of this film. And this demonstrates how invaluable are the supporting players in the world of cinema and films of any genre. <br /> <br /> The cast consists of Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denis Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phillida Lowe (Mrs. Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan MacGregor (Frank Churchill). Emma’s inspiring, elegant film is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in a world that too often runs into trouble. And even if this happens only thanks to the magic of the silver screen, it is nice to have the opportunity to escape into a world like this for at least a couple of hours, since it satisfies the need for renewing faith in the human spirit. And this is the magic of movies. I rate it 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
