A bit corrected, “Nothing” can be a children's film. This is a very clever concept that touches on some interesting metaphysical topics and contradicts almost all Hollywood conventions that you can think of ... which contradicts everything more than literally nothing? Nothing is the story of two friends who want peace, when everything goes wrong in their lives. It remains only that they do not hate, and a large empty space. It is difficult to focus the story on only two actors for most of your film, especially without any restrictions that occur outside the plot. It focuses on one topic, but this is the main territory of Vincenzo Natali. If you have seen "Cuba", you already know that he likes this situation. The “nothing” in this film seems to be infinite space, but Natalie somehow manages to make it somewhat claustrophobic, if only because there is literally nothing more and nowhere else to go. The actors sell it, although you can say that these guys are still friends. Two actors return from Cuba (Worth and Kazan), but these are completely different characters. They change throughout history, and although they are not the strongest actors in the world, they are at least plausible. <br /> <br /> The reason why I say that this may be a children's film under the right tweak is because, apart from a few f-bombs and a somewhat unnecessary sequence of bloody dreams, the weird and often stupid feeling The film could very easily be digested by children. Therefore, I find it a strange choice that the authors decided to add a little rough language and a small amount of blood, especially considering that it is not very much. It could easily get a PG rating if they just cut out a few things and change a little dialogue. There are very few objections in this film, but this is enough for parents not to want his children to see him. I only say that this is a shame, because not because I support censorship, but because perhaps this was the only thing that prevented this film from having a wider exposure. <br /> <br /> In any case, this is quite an interesting film, albeit with a few dragged out scenes. But, being literally about nothing and completely focused on the two characters and their interaction with absolutely nothing, they do an amazingly good job for an independent film.
