Directed by Vincenzo Natalie, for the first time, showed his propensity for science-fiction films based on characters in his 1997 short film Elevated, in which 3 people remain trapped in an elevator and invisible monsters roam the building. His subsequent project "Cube", released later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people, and instead of an elevator, it was an extensive expansion of interconnected cubic death traps. Both were remarkable attempts to take the science fiction genre a step further, consciously refusing to show almost any visual stimulation, instead preferring to spend as much time as possible, focusing on the human element, on how the characters act, react and interact in incomprehensible and dangerous conditions. After her exploration of the 2002 mainstream with Cypher, Natalie returned to her strange tendency in character films to bring us Nothing, his latest and most certainly optimistic and comedic view of the wide cinematic world of What If? < br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends, united by mutual detachment from society and the absence of anyone else with whom one could be. Dave, who has always been hindered by a selfish and somewhat stupid character, lives without Andrew in his poorly located and poorly built house, where he often uses Andrew’s neurotic and antisocial mentality. Despite all this, these two losers are happy together, until one day their deep character flaws, coupled with astronomically failure, led them to serious, worthy prison sentences. In addition, they discover that their home is considered uninhabitable and should be demolished before sunset, so in a foggy, nightmarish panic about everything that happens for them, they want the whole world to simply disappear. And indeed it is. <br /> <br /> Further study of the synopsis would threaten many of the slow (sometimes too slow) film screenings of what happened to Dave and Andrew, and how they deal with their new reality. Natalie’s passion for studying human behavior under duress (ala “The Birds”) is in full swing, but simply making friends with the main characters, not strangers, he can break away from the thriller-horror element of this premise in order to open it up for a more comfortable and optimistic level. It is almost as if he had made the aphoristic opposite of "Cuba." <br /> <br /> Of course, the film is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In accordance with fundamental realism, the dynamics of our two heroes often become antagonistic, sometimes with rather unpleasant results. As in the game "Uninhabited Island", the film tells how even the best friends, left alone, can fall apart, but at the same time, it shows that friends are vital for the quality of existence. From a very confusing, sci-fi point of view, it is a pleasant to the touch click, with a kind heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, with “Nothing” you may face some doubts. While the two main actors, Hewlett and Miller, cope well with their roles, their characters are not as interesting as they should be, given that they completely entertain us for most of the hour. There is some development in the relationships and personalities of Dave and Andrew, some history is given, but ultimately not enough. The generous viewer will see the less attractive parts of the film to bring it to the end, but the cynics will probably give up pretty quickly. <br /> <br /> To act, as already mentioned, is quite adequate and given the amount of work of the “green screen” that would be necessary, quite convincingly. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, who both co-wrote the script, were Vincenzo Natalie's longtime friends: Hewlett actually appears in every film Natalie shot. Perhaps it was their creative contribution that sent the film in a more positive direction. However, the story could be much more exciting. Of course, this is quite interesting, considering that (without a pun) nothing really happens, but you have the impression that in more experienced hands you could do much more with this premise. <br /> <br /> In fairness, “Nothing” is impressive in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works on a human level and, above all, shows progress in the creative thinking of Natalie. For fans of his work, it will be a delight, but for others it will be a good way to pass a little unwanted time. It’s just a shame that the director’s obsession with human drama prevented him from becoming such a wonderful, funny film as he could have been.
