When I saw CUBE, I was a fan of the works of Vincenzo Natali. It seems that Natalie has this inept ability to take a storyline, and he is unlikely to squeeze her like a wet towel for the whole storyline he can collect. Instead, it allows the stories themselves to unfold in a natural way, so much so that you can really believe that there is this Cube in which people are trying to escape, or, in the case of NOTHING, a large empty space where there is ... nothing! An ad immediately hooked me. It seemed so simple! Take two characters that nobody likes, and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natalie makes it so simple that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing cannot exist. In fact, the world does not become anything of a sort of irony in the film. There is nothing there, but there is also “something”. <br /> <br /> Perhaps it's time to point out that the trailer is misleading. I was lucky to understand that the film has a more comedic character than the trailer. Therefore, after watching the film, I laughed from time to time, while the one who misleads the advertisement may be confused. <br /> <br /> Can I spend a minute praising a film in which the film exceeds all expectations? to this concept. This is a brilliant concept - to have a world in which there is nothing, and to place there two characters, NOT two brilliant thinking characters who will philosophize and work through their surroundings, but two idiots who absolutely have no idea where the hell , they are! Another forte is film cinematography, although at first glance this may not seem so! Where every wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, the perception of depth becomes erroneous. It is difficult to determine where something is placed on the stage. There are many moments in cinema when this really happens, but for the most part the camera is placed in such a way that two characters, or an object, and a character are placed in the foreground and in the background, allowing you to realize the feeling of depth. <Br /> <br /> However, this film is lacking in some areas. The film is relatively short, but, nevertheless, after a while the novelty of this world does not become quite boring, and you want to find some form of resolution in the plot. We can also argue that acting is again in doubt. These two characters are in some ways unlikely, so we do not feel any sympathy for these characters. However, on the other hand, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seem quite real, but something is missing. <br /> <br /> Despite this, I rate this movie as very pleasant! Don't let the trailer fool you into thinking that this is another sci-fi horror movie. This is much more comedy than this! It's really worth seeing, but only for the concept itself!
