There is nothing fantastic! Just like that! This is a movie that should not work, but it works. Natalie remains in the realm of fantasy, but this film is also a comedy. Cypher, it seemed, was a big expense for Natalie (by 7.5 million dollars! Y-huh-pa!), So, with the help of “Nothing”, he is again reduced. This is a low-budget, independent filmmaking at its best. Simple, old-fashioned storytelling and an attempt to make a film for artistic value, as opposed to the usual causes of Hollywood, are mainly for financial gain. Nothing is a movie about Nothing, and before you ask, no, it's not something like Seinfeld! Mostly Andrew and Dave are a couple of losers. They live in a strange house under two freeways. Andrew is a phone sales agent who is agoraphobic, while Dave is Andrews best friend who stays with him without rent to help him out. However, Dave is tired of this and he has a great girl with whom he wants to move. However, by a strange misfortune, Dave learns that his girlfriend squandered a huge amount of money from the workplace of Dave, who accuses Dave, and Andrew are mistakenly accused of sexually abusing an intelligence girl (Canadian humor!). It turns out that Andrew’s house must also be demolished, and he cannot stop it, since the house was built on land on which it should not have been built. Andrew and Dave are in the house when the police and the demolition team arrive. They are in despair and can not run away, and in panic and confusion, like the police burst out, fade to white. What happened? Dave and Andrew died? They wake up to be still in the house, only in silence. No police, no demolition team, no evil girl scout mother! Dave and Andy discover that they have the ability to “desire or hate”. It turns out they hated the whole outside world. They were alone. The house is surrounded by nothing that is portrayed as pure white. So this means that the decor of the films is a home set, and then just white. The film presents an interesting look at human isolation and psyche, and, of course, since they spend more time alone without food and water, they start to tire each other. They discover that they can hate hunger, which is useful, but obviously everything is out of control, so to speak. I cannot reveal much, but I must say that jumping heads are a spectacle. <br /> <br /> This film is unusual, funny, interesting. The effects are simple but effective, and Natalie gathers two buddies from Cuba, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry, and also work very well. They should hold 90% of the film on their own and most of it on a pure white background, but it works. Of course, I expect that it will receive the same devilish appeal as Cypher, and it should appear on DVD in a year or two in the states. Nothing is a high-quality and unique film, and although it is not as good as Cube or Cypher, it proves once again that Natalie is one of the best and loving ones. <br /> <br /> Natalie is the one who really interested me in her three functions so far, and I can’t wait for her next function. I please God that he does not make the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by the ADD sufferer, ever shit Paul Anderson. Old buddy Vincenzo, if Paul comes to your playground, run !!! Run like the wind! I hope that this guy will not take to Hollywood as Alex Proyas (with a pleasant, but with a thick light, covered with sugar, with a helium light: I, a robot!). Keep an eye on this guy. ****
