When it came out, it was pretty much the modern entertainment of the musical film. To this day, this is more interesting than most, largely because James Cagney plays a major role as a producer of the music prologue for a timeline and is protected from all the storms by his faithful “girl Friday” performed by Joan Blondel. In addition, the musical numbers at the end, which were collected by Busby Berkeley, are largely unsettled. <br /> <br /> But this is a rather strange movie. I mean, in one of these rooms, Billy Barty runs, pretending to be an attractive kid, doing all sorts of strange things. It seems that Ruby Keeler is always on the face of a disgusting smile, but at least she does not have to behave as in some of her later unsuccessful films. You never would have guessed that Dick Powell was some cool guy who saw him in this film; Obviously all the energy of the tough guy was allocated to the star Cagney. As for Cagney, his speed rumors about music shows, etc. At the same time charming and annoying. After a while it becomes too much. You expect him to come out and say, “Hey! I have a great idea for the prologue! Women are cigarettes, and they come out of a pack of smoke! Oh no, we did it last month! ”It's fun, but it's getting a little repetitive. In moments when he has to be tough with a bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of Gangster’s established hero Cagney are coming out. In fact, the frequent gangster director, William Kayle, is credited with practicing dialogue, and sometimes it seems that Cagney and Blondel are calling for something very “street”, although the characters are not criminal. <br /> <br /> numbers ... what can you say? They are alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is truly amazing. But none of them means anything. It means "Hotel for Honeymooners", nothing more or less. And all the pretense of integration breaks down immediately, as the characters in the show do things that cannot be appreciated by the theater audience, for example, movies. For example, at one point they show a small print on a newspaper and the like. All this can exist only in the cinema, so the idea that prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous. I can only assume that the audience at that time referred to such things as somewhat less critical than a decade or so later, because this is a very polished production. <br /> <br /> It's nice to see how Cagney himself shows off his excellent dance skills, and he can really share the stage with a dancer, like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry, and their scenes go very well. Music, which I would say, is only mediocre, but mostly pleasant if it repeats. The direction of Bacon as a whole is very suitable, but never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is indisputable, and it also acquired some nostalgic value along the way. This is a cut above the majority of “come on the show” films of the 30s.
