Getting started, here's a quick overview: pornography Queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) killed her pornographer lover Max (George Shannon) in a game of sexy Russian roulette. Alta's other lover, ice lesbian agent Camila Stone (Mary of the Ravens), provides an alibi for Max. But Camila has her own agenda and plan, including seducing innocent actress Julie (again Lynn) on the web of games about sexual intelligence. When the identity of the twins is blurred enough, the scene is ready to take revenge as passionately as the hottest carnal meeting. <br /> <br /> Although this film is rather unclear and never attracted much attention, I consider it a sexy, disturbing stone. The iconic goddess Voronova plays one of her best roles, and she and the sexually innocent Lowry play each other well. The disturbing music provided by Gershon Kingsley, plus two original songs (“All American Boy,” “You Say You Never Brought Me Away”) and “Sally, Go 'Round the Roses” by Janett make an unforgettable soundtrack. The direction of Theodor Gershuni is very clear, everything is photographed in muted earthly tones, which completely suggests that business is boiling under the upper crust of society. With tons of great New York atmosphere, Ondin (a friend and colleague of Vorolith Warholite), playing a small role, and the exotic Monique Van Vuren as Max's ex-wife in a comic story. This plot, albeit funny, seems to be part of another movie. However, I'm not complaining, because the film is sleek, even if it shifts gears, and damn more interesting than trash with an erotic thriller that is currently being tested. <br /> <br /> General Information: Sugar Cookies X (soft-core) was originally rated and released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the happy owner of the original one-page poster - I was lucky! In 1977, the film was cut for R and reissued by the Troma team, which now offers it on videotape. Mary Voronova was the wife of Theodore Gershuni at the time, and was reportedly uncomfortable when she portrayed sex scenes depicting lesbians while he was watching the camera. She can also be seen in his two early productions: “Kemek” (1970) and “Silent Night, Bloody Night” (1972).
