A very early film by Oliver Stone (partner), and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the world's only true independent film studio Troma, creator of Toxic Avenger and, at the Prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival, recognized by the director for over 30 years. Gathering money Lloyd wrote this script on his own with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and, looking back, listened to the advice that Gershuni still made the film rather than make it himself. But then he was still inexperienced in business, and, Probably because of such decisions, he no longer took nonsense from anyone. Indeed, it would be interesting to see the version of his own script Lloyd - as one of the most original, bold, experimental and uncompromising directors in the world, he probably would have given him there are even more advantages than he already had, but since we have a film, director Gershuni. And the weather is due to a strong script or the fact that he is also really quite a director, SUGAR COOKIES are very smart, very tense and good motion picture film I deserve much more attention than it receives. The meager budget that the small studio had to work with (this was before Kaufman and his friend and partner for more than 30 years, Michael Hertz formed Troma), does so well that the film looks much more expensive, doesn’t even have a “low budget” look at everything. The story revolves around a lesbian Camilla Stone (playing the mysterious Mary Woronow) and her lover, who turns out to be dead due to circumstances that I will not show, so as not to spoil a delicious story. This leads to a series of plot twists, intellectual games and personal reforms that are poorly inspired by Hitchcock's "Vertigo" and, at least, creative. However, the atmosphere is much darker, and some comparisons come to mind with the performance of Nicholas Roag and Donald Cummel. In this mix, a very original and inventive erotic thriller, which does not make it clear how it all ends, and together with a wonderfully intertwined plot with a hint of an early and, unfortunately, KUFMAN BIGGER HUS WHAT IS FUSS, makes for a very exciting one and a half hour. Undoubtedly, one of the best films in the Tromy library, and another one of those films that defy a curious fantasy that their catalog is bad taste. The DVD includes several recent interviews that Kaufman conducts with Voronov and another leading lady, Lynn Lowry (later seen in George Romero’s Crazy), which gives some interesting information about what happened during the creation of this cult favorite, and several hints at what would have been different if Lloyd had directed it himself. Highly recommended.
