My former Cambridge contemporary Simon Heffer, today a writer and journalist, put forward the theory that British filmmakers in the eighties often criticized what they called British Thatcher, Ealing's comedies intended for satire. ” Attlee Britain, "Britain, which emerged after the Labor victory in the general election of 1945. It is assumed that this theory is not intended to apply, say, to the" Good Hearts and Crowns "(that is, in any case, to the satire of the Edwardian upper classes) or to Ledkillers or Lavender Hill, both of which may contain a bit of satire, but are not of a political nature. However, it can be applied to most other films in this series, especially to Passport to Pimlico. <br /> <br /> Pimlico is or at least In the 1940s, it was mostly a working-class district of London, located on the North Bank of the Thames, about a mile from Victoria Station. It’s not entirely correct to say how often it is said that the film about Pimlico, "declaring itself independent" of Britain. What happens is that the ancient charter is born, proving that in the fifteenth century, the territory was handed over to King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy, which means that technically Pimlico is an independent state and has been around for almost five hundred years the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promises to adopt a special Act of Parliament to eliminate the anomaly, but until this law receives royal consent, the territory remains outside the United Kingdom, and British law does not apply. <br /> <br /> Since Pimlico is not subject to British law, the owner of a local pub is free to open his watch at his own discretion, and local store owners can sell anything they want to anyone, without restrictions under the laws. When other merchants begin to enter the area to sell their goods on the streets, the British authorities are horrified by what they consider to be legitimized black marketing, and close the territory to try to force the “Burgundians,” as the inhabitants of Pimlico renamed themselves, to surrender. <br /> <br /> Ealing's many comedies have as their central theme the idea of ​​how a small person takes over the system, or as an individual, as happens in A Man in a White Suit. or "The Lavender Hill Mob", or as part of a wider community, as happens in the "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The central theme of “Passports” is how ordinary men and women accept the bureaucracy and the rules imposed by the government, which seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in Britain in the 1940s. The special purpose of the film is the rating system. During the war, the system was accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against Nazism, but it became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to preserve it in peacetime. This was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which was overwhelmingly elected in 1945, and organizations such as the League of British Housewives were created to campaign for the abolition of rationing. I cannot agree with the reviewer, who stated that the main objectives of the satire of the film were “spivs” (black marketers), who play a relatively minor role in the battle, or the League of Housewives, who do not appear at all. Satire is very much aimed at bureaucrats, who are portrayed as either having a “rules for the sake of rules” mentality or a desire to take responsibility and avoid doing anything at all. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the film were to be made today, it would have another end with Pimlico remaining independent as the British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Indeed, I suspect that today this concept is likely to serve as the basis for a television sitcom, not a film). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were interested in patriotism and British identity, so the film ends up being reabsorbed by Pimlico in Britain. One of the most famous lines of the film is “We have always been English, and we will always be English, and just because we are English, we are defending our right to be Burgundians.” There is a sharp contrast between the rather heartless attitude of officials towards common sense, tolerance and the good mood of Cockney from Pimlico, and all of them are presented as typical British characteristics. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during the summer drought and the sultry heat, but in the last scene, after Pimlico returned to the UK, the temperature drops and it starts to rain. Global warming may have changed the situation a little, but for many years part of being British was the ability to hold faith, whatever the statistics say, that Britain had an abnormally humid climate. The ability to play a trick on this climate was no less important. <br /> <br /> Stanley Holloway has a good role in the role of Arthur Pemberton, a grocer and a small local politician who becomes the prime minister of free Pimlico, and a funny cameo from Margaret Rutherford in the role of a mad professor of history. Basically, however, this is enough for a movie about a small community that brings together, an example of an ensemble playing without real star performances, but with everyone who contributes to a great movie. It lacks the malice and malice of many more recent satirical films, but his wit and satire are no less effective for all this. It remains one of the funniest satyrs on bureaucracy ever made and, with the possible exception of Good Hearts and the Crownman, is my personal favorite among Ealing's comics. 10/10
