Get this movie, if at all possible. You will find Barbara Bach's really good work, wonderful cinematography of a stately (and incredibly clean) but eerie old house, and an unexpected virtuoso performance ?? "Invisible". I took a used copy of this film, because it was interesting for me to see more of Bach, whom I had just watched in “The Spy Who Loved Me”. I love really classically beautiful actresses and appreciate them even more if they can play a little. So: let's start with a beautiful fresh background. TV journalist Bach goes out with a guy and goes to cover the festival in the California city of Solvang, which celebrates its Swedish origin, arranging a big national holiday. She takes with her cameraman, which turns out to be her sister and another partner. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and if you know which celebrities each of these ladies are married with, it’s ridiculous to watch Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) go down the street with sisterly quarrels.)) case ?? Dissatisfied, Bach pursues her after Solvang, as he has not finished arguing with her. There is still a lot of feeling between them, but she does not want to look at how he no longer breaks because of her football career. Ladies arrive in Solvang to complete an assignment for their station, but they discover that their booking has been transferred to someone else. (Maybe to the Bach guy, because think about it? Where will he stay?). The girls ask, but there is simply no place to go. Mistakenly trying to penetrate the old hotel, which now serves only as a museum, they are interested in the owner of Mr. Keller (the late Sydney Lassick), who decides to become a gentleman and settle them in his house, insisting that his wife be happy to receive them. Oh no! The next thing we know, Keller calls his wife in a whisper, warning her about the arrival of this company and threatening that she should play along. The problem is in paradise! Ladies tend to settle down and return to Solvang to take pictures and interview Swedes, but one of the girls does not feel well. Bach and Lamm leave her behind, wondering about Mrs. Keller (played by the heartbreaking beauty Lelia Goldoni), who looks like she lost her best friend. Speaking of which ?? under the weather, Vicki takes off her clothes and gets into a good whirlpool, not realizing that Keller sneaked into her room to inspect the keyhole. She hears him, thinks he came to deliver the laundry, and shouts thanks to her. Lassik did a great job in this scene, expressing the sufferings of a fat old peeping tom that didn’t have a long enough look. After he left, poor Vicky falls into bed to take a nap, but is pulled out of her very quickly (in a really decent, frightening round of action) with something BIG, which obviously sneaked through the bars on the floor ?? Invisible! Then Lamm comes home (Bach finishes arguing with his beau) and cannot find anyone in the house. She tilts a plate of fruit in the kitchen, and on her hands and knees, to collect her, her hair and a fashionable scarf seductively swinging on a black grill on the floor ?? attracts the Invisible again! Well, at about the time when poor Lamm forces herself quietly in the kitchen, we recall Mr. Keller's past and we get a full story about what his sick, sadistic roots are and why his wife doesn’t smile much. Bach finally returns home and wants to know where her friends are. In the meantime, Lassik was informed about the afternoon slaughter by his weeping wife and decides that he cannot allow Bach to leave the premises in order to reveal the secret of his house. He seduces her into the basement, where the last act of Keller’s family tragedy finally opens up for all of us. <br /> <br /> I can't say enough for Stephen Furst, whom I have never seen before; it is obvious that he did his homework for this role, studying methods of communication and expression of the damaged brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in their own way, simply give the film a shine. And not only that, but the film ends with a satisfactory resolution. No stupid cheap tricks, dialogues wrapped in eyes, or pathetically cropped corners ... A real pleasure for your collection.
