It's true that Danny Steinman's “The Invisible” is a simplified horror thriller with a very predictable plot, without any special attempts at turns or surprises, with a literal description of every cliche put forth by the genre over the decades, but this does not necessarily make it a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this obscure, but nonetheless intense shock feature of the 80s, which mainly benefits from several cruel images and completely brilliant casting. Beautiful and ambitious journalist Jennifer Fast and her two equally attractive friends go to a small California town to shoot a documentary about the anniversary festival, but their hotel forgot to register their booking. In search of a place to rest, the trio encounters the overly friendly, but suspicious museum curator Ernest Keller, who invites the girls to stay in his remote rural mansion. One after another, the girls will learn that Keller and his extremely introverted and submissive sister Victoria hide a dark and deadly secret in their home. The Invisible can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverse combination of the horror classics Psycho and the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. The plot is a series of familiar themes that have become infamous and infinitely imitated by these two films, for example, twisted family secrets in the basement, voyeurism, insane inbred killers and very unappetizing handling of chickens. Nevertheless, I do not consider them negative remarks, because “The Invisible” is a completely unassuming and modestly disturbing thriller, which obviously never claimed the title of the greatest classic of horrors of the decade. Although the outcome of the plot is pretty clear rather quickly, director Steinmann tries to keep a secret, leaving the evil presence in the house “invisible,” as the title promised. The choice of actors and acting skills - this is what raises this sleeper above the level of mediocre. Sydney Lassik, immortalized since his role as the overly agitated psychiatric patient Charlie Cheswick in “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest” is truly the perfect choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His constant friendliness and almost naturally perverted appearance is exactly what the character needs. In addition, Stephen Furst, who ultimately transforms from invisible to visible, gives a terrific performance as "Junior". He looks and behaves like a real disabled person, and his attempts to get close to Jennifer in the basement are really unnerving. “Invisible” is a slow and predictable, but nonetheless powerful film of the early 80s, which lovers of exploitation of the 70s and generally strange things will surely please.
