Dolph Lundgren is back! Detention marks the first Dolphs film in almost 2 years, and this follows the deferred Hidden Agenda. This film still marks an improvement for Dolph compared to his cheap trilogy "Jill Rips", "Agent Red" and "Storm Catcher". However, this film is far below the standard of the Hidden Agenda, which was better in almost all respects. What this film has in his favor from Dolph’s previous release is a sense of cheerful fun. The film also has a rejuvenated Dolph in the lead role, and it's nice to see Dolph doing his own stunts again. <br /> <br /> The story of the film is a ridiculous and basic material for a B-film. The former military man is now a teacher, and on the last day of teaching, while in detention, he encounters bad guys from Slovakia who seized the school in order to use it as a cover for a major drug deal. The film has no originality, but in this type of film you need to experience a feeling of pleasure from all the cliches. If you take it too seriously, viewers will be little to rejoice. Fortunately, the filmmakers do not take the matter too seriously, and, despite all the fighting clichés you can think of and predictability, this film is so bad that it is a pleasant atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Where the film is shot Reducing costs - the use of a fairly decent budget. A budget of about 10 million was not well spent. It's all on the screen with lots of carnage and big explosions, but many skirmishes lack imagination. The opening action is good, but after that the good moments become more rare. There are some good points. For example, you have a car driving through school corridors, and a decent exchange of fire at the beginning, with a lot of damage. The rest of the shootout is quite mechanical, but a lot of things are happening on the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the cast. Hidden Agenda boasts the best actor Dolph has worked with in recent years. There was a good standard of actors for the DTV movie. This, however, has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the main bad guy has some kind of pleasant fun, because Alex Karsis plays him so cool and without a hint of any threat that you can laugh at pure anger. The teens of the play are really good, but they play such stamped characters. They all hate authority, each other and everyone have a bad attitude, and, of course, by the end they get important life lessons, but, as a rule, they are worthy, and Chris Collins, in particular, has sympathy. This movie is all about Dolpha, though. While this film is far from the best, it is far from the worst. This also marks a turning point in his career. He is now in good shape and will be in even better shape in his next film, Direct Action. Dolph looks enthusiastically here, he does all his stunts, and it's nice to see that he is playing a typical action movie (running from slow motion explosions, with one liner and handling large weapons) in a film similar to his older, albeit with less talent. and fantasy than clichéd films such as Army Of One. Nice to see what Dolph looks like under stress. His films of the past 8 or so years have seen Dolph looking a bit more tired and using double blows (although he still does all the fights himself), but the new streamlined Dolph seems to be suitable for this. <br /> <br /> In general, it is watchable, if only for cheese and Dolph in the simple action mode. There is not a single surprise, but it has a ridiculously inept look of charm. **
