A political documentary titled Why We Fight was recently published, which explores the notorious military-industrial complex and its influence on this country. It is believed that he is polemical and perceptive in terms of both the complex and the military fiasco in which we are now in Iraq. However, a much more famous series of films with the same title was filmed during the Second World War by Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although this series of seven films is considered a documentary and won an Oscar in this category, it is actually just an agitprop, more in the spirit of “Triumph of the Will” by Leni Reifenstal, whose scenes Capra uses for her own purposes. However, this fact does not mean that he does not have vital information that was not enough for subsequent generations of documentaries about the Second World War (for example, about how they praised the BBC "Peace in War"), and this does not mean that its value as a source is nonetheless valuable. They are skillfully made, and after the recent purchase of some used DVDs in the store at a discount, I had the opportunity to choose a free DVD with my purchase. I selected four Goodtimes DVD collections from the series. <br /> <br /> Rarely something free was so appreciated. Despite the fact that there are no additions to the DVD, and the quality of sound on prints varies, these films give an idea of ​​the minds of Americans two thirds of a century ago, when racism was pronounced (as in many classic pro-wars of Warner Brothers). cartoons of that era), and there was nothing wrong with a blatant distortion of facts. Seven films made between 1942 and 1945 are Prelude to War, Nazis beat, divide and rule, Battle for Britain, Battle for Russia, Battle for China, and War comes to America. ". <br /> <br /> In general, the film series is worth seeing, not only for obvious reasons, but also for the inconspicuous things that it reveals, such as using the plural for terms such as X million, when it comes to dollars, rather than the modern singular, or the most frequently used pattern in the entire series, the Japanese sword piercing the center of Manchuria. However, it also shows the difficulty of trying to apply past standards to current wars. The lesson of World War I (avoiding foreign intricacies) was not applicable to World War II, whose own lesson (acting early against dictatorships) was not applicable in the three main wars that America has fought since then: Korea, Vietnam or Iraq. The fact that much of this series balances the uncertainties of the time when it was made only underlines its historical value in today's information-filled times. This may not help you understand the truth of the lies and propaganda of today, but at least you will understand that you are not the first to be in such a difficult situation, and you will not be the last.
