This is a great entertaining action movie, in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action and a terrific performance by Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis is terrible as a villain! The story is very good, and I found that the children are mostly cute, plus Dolph Lundgren is just amazing in that! The action scenes are great, and it's almost like Die Hard, except that it unfolds at school! Plus Kata Dobo is very formidable and sexy, like a sidekick! The final is very exciting, and there are also some cool emotional moments in it! However, I just wanted him to have another villain, because Alex Karzis simply did not call him a villain too OTT, and ridiculous for my tastes. In my opinion, this should be above 4.1, as I thought it was a great action movie, and although the children were sometimes very stupid, they became very inventive as the film went on! Plus, the shootouts were pretty cool too. ! The ending is very funny, and the character Corey Sevier was my favorite student! Plus, Dolph still has it! This is a great entertaining action movie, in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action and a terrific performance from Lundgren! But Alex Karzis is terrible as a villain, but I highly recommend this one! The direction is very good! Sydney J. Fourier does a very good job here with excellent camera work, good angles and maintaining the film at a very fast pace! Here is some blood and violence. We get a lot of extremely bloody gunshot wounds, a knife in the head, bloody arrows, puncturing and other trifles. Acting fantastic! Dolph Lundgren, as always, is amazing and amazing, he is incredibly cute, he kicks this ass, as usual, he communicated well with children, had a stunning character, very charismatic, and he might not have shown great emotional rage, he was still damn cheerful , he is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis - a terrible god, like a villain, he, ridiculously, OTT, was boring and not threatening, he also irritated me to hell. Kata Dobo is very sexy, because she coped well with what she had to do, in my opinion, she was a real villain! Corey Sevier is funny, like Mick, he was my favorite student, and I really started to warm him up in the 2nd half, I really liked him! He had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willie), Chris Collins (Hogi), Mfo Koaho (JT), Daniel Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlie) - all learn well. Jennifer Baxter is very sweet and good as a bride. the rest of the cast does well. Overall, I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 of 5
