Jeopardy is a stressful, satisfying thriller, head and shoulders above B, but in reality it’s not the main production. He is considered an almost experimental film, as the studio that produced it, Metro, was desperately searching for new kinds of films, stars and directors to compete with the then new television. Director John Sturges was a newcomer, whose best years are ahead. He has just recently started making level A films and has already established himself as the most capable master. The stars Barbara Stanwick, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were at very different stages of their careers. The years of Stanvik's fame were behind her, and yet she could still carry the film, as she proves here. Barry Sullivan, like her husband, was one of a dozen or so leading men who began making films in the forties, who never achieved the success many hoped for. He was a good, discreet actor, balanced, but in a higher, not higher class, which made him excellent in professional roles. As a convict escaped, who is the only person around who can save Sullivan's life (he is trapped under the pier, and the stream rises), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This wonderful actor had the misfortune to get into a movie after Brando and Clift. He was a good actor in his own way, like any of them, but he lacked charisma. His deal with Stanwyk, which comes down to his demanding sex in exchange for saving her husband (only implied, as happens in 1953), creates an intriguing premise that, if it were a different kind of film, could raise all sorts of interesting questions. about the character of Stanwyk. Meeker is indeed a more exciting character than Sullivan; and in his scenes with him, Stanwick is more alive than with her husband and son. But, since this is a formal picture, and not Strindberg’s play, the probability that Stanvik will want to make an altercation, leaving aside the question of the embarrassment of her husband, remains unexplored. In this sense, the tide does not give the effect that could be desired, although the film remains tense and very exciting thanks to the excellent game, great shooting, almost everything in the open air and the excellent direction of the regrettably underestimated Mr.. Sturges.
