I disagree with one of the reviewers who compared this film with American International Pictures. Basil Dirdon made a terribly realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise in juvenile delinquency in post-war England (but without the sentimentality of "Blackboard Jungle"). The cinematography was excellent because it really captured the precariousness and isolation of the vast residential community. The manor looked like an old prison. Stanley Baker was excellent as a seasoned detective transferred to the juvenile ward - "Urgent, urgent - theft - five lozenges" !!!! He finds that he is the subject of many jokes. David McCallum showed that he was one of the best young British talents of the fifties. (He had a completely different role in Stanley Baker's other movie, Hell Drivers). His image of Johnny and his fanatical followers was very frightening. Ann Haywood was also very good as cynical Katie. I would not say that this was a romantic plot. <br /> <br /> Detective Jack Truman is investigating a series of arsons committed by someone called Firefly. Just as he finds evidence that could lead to a breakthrough, he is assigned to the juvenile affairs department — he is quite disgusted with what he considers an abusive police job. In the midst of all this, hell, he gets his first call - 6-year-old Murphy twins work as fraudsters in local shops on a stick !!! <br /> <br /> Taking the twins home, he meets their brother, the charismatic Johnny, and their embittered sister, Katie. He begins to understand how life in terrible residential neighborhoods can turn young children into criminals. As he becomes more family-related, he realizes that there is a close relationship between the fires of Johnny and the frightened Chinese youth working in the laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role, far from the horrors of Hammer) explains that when Johnny was younger, he saved some people from a burning building and was proclaimed a hero. He wanted to bring back a sense of importance and to be helpful and felt that he could light a fire. The school siege was lifted in a very real way, and the viewer felt the fear of the children - the teacher (thinking only of his own safety) runs away and locks them in a room with a frightened armed man !!!! <br /> <br /> I thought it was a really great film, in which they tried to show some of the social problems that Britain faced after the war. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
