This is a great little movie, it is very unique and creative, with some great plot twists and great performances! All the characters are great, and the story, albeit bizarre, exciting and very interesting, plus Nicole Kidman is just amazing in this! It’s very hard to describe this film because it’s really quite bizarre, it’s comedy / romance, and after a minute it turns into a thriller, but still it was very interesting, plus Nicole’s Russian accent was fantastic, and Chaplin and Kidman were extremely convincing good chemistry together, and I liked the performance of Vincent Cassel! Plus, some plot twists really took me by surprise! The ending was very sweet and unpredictable! Plus, this film is also underestimated! You will be sorry for Chaplin and the way he cheats, and I thought that all the characters are really cute, plus the final is especially good. This is Nicole's film, and she carries it with her incredibly sexy play! This is a great little movie, it is very unique and creative, with some great plot twists and great performances! I highly recommend this one! The direction is very good! Jez Butterworth does an excellent job with his work, perfectly removes the camera, removes sharp corners and keeps the film at a fast pace! Acting great! Nicole Kidman is amazingly gorgeous! And amazing, as always, she is incredibly sexy, very pleasant, she had one of the coolest accents, she added a lot of presence, had very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin and had a very mysterious character! She was awesome. (Kidman rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is great here, he is very pleasant, he had a cool character, he had very good chemistry with Kidman, the only thing I didn’t like was that he took out his anger at Kidman, although what she did was wrong, and I liked how he got his revenge in the end! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes, he was OTT, but he was very tense and sometimes rather creepy, this role was perfect for him. Mathieu Cassowitz is fine, but there was nothing special to do. The rest of the cast are fine. Overall, I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 of 5
