I highly recommend this movie! And I certainly will personally recommend this to my friends and family here and abroad! With anticipation, I just made a reservation online, I liked it so much! This is not until February / March 2008, but it will be worth the wait! But first go and see the movie if you can. Nothing beats Cinema-Experience for a movie! Insist your local cinema include it! Tonight I came to see “Sichd, Inaccessible Peak” here in London, and was very impressed. This is a miracle: a truly beautiful film in the Scottish Highlands: you will laugh, you will cry, you will move differently, you will be intrigued, and as the story is told in the story, you will be amazed by this revelation. <br /> <br /> This film is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but don’t let it distract you if you don’t speak Gaelic: I’m just starting, and my son hasn’t been there many people tonight, and it didn't spoil us that in any way! Superlatives are missing! The photo is gorgeous - there is no CGI here, and the film is all the better - you have a real photo here! The script is so skillfully and subtly written. A multi-layered plot intertwines the magical art of ancient storytellers. Music sometimes causes, sometimes it pursues, but always adds to the atmospheric atmosphere. And acting? ... contemplate this ... and the actors? ... they are real weavers of this delightful, but deep film, especially the two main actors, "Padruig Young" and "Padruig Senior" (True Bard, if ever there was!), Which both carried a very heavy load! And the direction? Well, watch out, Richard! What about the producer responsible for raising funds, hiring key employees and organizing distributors? The task is well done! I hope that you will ensure that the spread is spread among our communities abroad! And what about the Gaelic community? Will, that wouldn't have happened without you! We were told that this film was shot with a small budget, but you would not know about it, and I think it is quite possible, because, because they did not have enough money, they more than compensated for the wealth of the heart and the warmth and cooperation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> Heartily thank everyone who was interested in the creation and support of «Seachd» - Mòran taing! (Many thanks!) From Gaels to the World! From the world to the Gels!
