An incredible documentary enveloped all the mad chaos and suffering that loomed over New York on that fateful morning of September 11th. Intense, personal and completely immersive, 9/11 is perhaps the greatest documentary ever made by chance, which makes it even more attractive. Until this morning, cinematographers Gideon and Jules Naudet followed the New York fire brigade, concentrating specifically on one new recruit in a small fragment that they shot devoted to strict training to become a firefighter. In the morning, along with the team that was shooting another simple routine cleaning, Jules lifts the camera to the sky just in time to record one of the few famous images of the first plane huddled to the World Trade Center, and from there there was no simple documentary. more details. <br /> <br /> Viewers are told first-hand about what it was like to be in the epicenter and around it, as an amazing group of firefighters and one deeply confused operator are trying to cope with this disaster. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these automatically programmed heroes into the tower, while all their support collapses around them. A raw fear of the unknown, the looming end lurks with greater vitality than any contrived staging can ever comprehend when we look less and less we become audible and visible to those who are trapped inside. Almost as memorable is the outright seizure by the elder brother Gideon of the whole city in a crowd of larger and tangible fear than anything they had collectively observed. By the time we see the second tower collapse, and the operator is protecting himself from apocalyptic debris, we should almost wash off the dirt from the surprisingly close shots. <br /> <br /> It is obvious that filmmakers deserve only to be in the right place at the right time to document such an unusual event, although you can only admire the two brothers in their extraordinary adaptation to such an event; after a few desperate minutes, we see how they become like firefighters, which they document - only instead of saving lives, they knew that they had to save the footage, even if it cost them their own safety. <br /> <br /> After seeing 9/11 and seeing that it came out in 2002, I feel much more outraged at the recent issuance of Oliver Stone, a large budget center for international trade. Many people criticized the film for ignorantly narrowing the focus on those two survivors captured by the wreckage, and although I really liked the film because of the small and sentimental Hollywood focus that he brought, 9/11 practically makes his film completely obsolete. Not only will this extremely exciting material remain the only definitive collection of that day, but the sublime transfer of motifs halfway ensures that this documentary has all the heart and character necessary to never again make a sensation of the event.
