To summarize this documentary in a few words is almost impossible. Every cell of your body tells you that this does not happen, starting with the first installation of quick shots and ending with the last cleaning frame in Ground Zero, but each frame is real. The story was invented by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Naw-day") want to make a documentary about the firefighters in New York, starting with the "newcomer" from the academy and following him for a nine-month trial period to a full winged firefighter. Seeking help from his close friend, actor James Hanlon (36 years old), actor and fireman at Station 1, Engine 7, Naudets sifts Probiad at the academy and finds Tony Benetakos to focus most of their documentary. on. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes the subject of jokes and slowly learns all the subtleties of life at the station from members of this friendly family. Firefighters have prejudices about the "Probes". The fact is that they are either “White Clouds” or “Black Clouds”, which means that with the latter, all kinds of fires follow “Break”. The first means that very little fiery activity follows, but one day there will be the mother of all the lights. Tony is the White Cloud. After some initial growth pains, Tony collapses at the fire station, as if he were an experienced veterinarian. Then the unthinkable happens. <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001 begins with a clear blue sky and an early morning call to find out about an alleged gas leak near Wall Street. Since Jules has little experience with the camera, Gideon hands the camera over to his younger brother and tells him to go with Chef TK Pfeiffer. At about 8:42 pm, firefighters start using their gas detectors above the grille. Then the sudden roar of what seems to be a low-flying plane rushes past the stage, and when Jules rises, we see the first blow of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 crashes into the face of the North Tower of World Trade 1. Pfeifer orders his men to enter the fire truck, and they are sent to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the leader to the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naude to stay close to him. Once inside, the full impact of the growing catastrophe begins to manifest itself on the faces of people whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudette decides to leave the fire station and descend into the impact zone. Once there, he captures the hit of the second plane, United Airlines Flight 175, with 2 World Trade. He knows that Jules is with Chef Pfeiffer inside the towers. Watching and capturing the crowd’s reaction to the unimaginable, Gideon begins to tape growing fears in Lower Manhattan. In the first tower, Jules records the last look at the world, or their loved ones will see their sons, fathers, uncles, grandfathers, husbands, boys, friends, as one after another, each fireman carrying 60 pounds of equipment, will begin a long difficult climb. up to 80 stories to save the wounded and trapped. Jules also catches the last glimpse of Chief Pfeiffer from his brother Kevin when he leaves to fulfill his selfless duty. Also on the video captured the painful sound of falling bodies falling on the sidewalk from victims who decided to jump from the upper floors above the impact zones earlier than death at the hands of the flame and smoke. But Jules is respectful, never once did he capture a sensational moment ... a shot of money. His work is professional thanks to the baptism of fire. He also notices the wreckage falling from the tower two after the second plane hit it, and by order of the firemen to evacuate civilians from the building. Then Jules falls into the collapse of the south tower and the first official victim is taken: Father Michael Judd, chaplain of the fire station. Then, when Jules and Chief Pfeiffer make their way from the consequences of the fall of the second tower, the first tower begins to collapse. <br /> <br /> The result is a breathtaking, piercing inside view of Ground Zero, since Jules and Gideon work separately to document this day. Not knowing if anyone is alive, everyone is afraid of the worst. When every fireman arrives at the fire department, they greet each other with joyful hugs, returning back. And in an instant of overwhelming emotion Jules and Gideon are reunited. When Jules is crying on the shoulder of his brother, Gideon hugs his younger brother, and Hanlon puts the directors in the plot. There is one terrible moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with the former chief, is considered lost ... but returns to the abyss, this "Probi" manifested itself. <br /> <br /> Shown 9/11 is an amazing achievement in documentary films. It takes place with Hindenburg shots in the story show as it unfolds. Put on deserve praise for the skillful handling of the subject. In smaller hands, the trend would be sensational, but the Naudets shy away from their views on dignity and compassion. Hanlon, we feel his words as he guides viewers through the events of 9/11. Robert De Niro conducts the program in a gloomy, restrained manner. He never looks for a camera for his fame; rather, he sets out the scenes you are about to see. I also thank CBS for their courage on the air of this special issue. Punished for their attempt to capture ratings, they adjust their editing to the emotions of the relatives of those who died. This is a must see for everyone who needs to be reminded of what true heroism is. This is not about playing basketball or selling an album of songs with hate ... 9/11 about humanity at its best. Heroism in all its glory and at the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
