Super smooth entertainment with a star cast, an outstanding script and strong control over the approach of the 1950s. At that time, RKO produced dozens of classic noirs. But whatever the value of these dark downers, they reflected the mood of wartime, soon to give way to the sunny climates of the Eisenhower era. Few films of the end of the 40s are far from that cycle or more adapted to the coming consumer decade than this cheeky little comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an advertising agent on Madison Avenue, where, according to his little daughter, he sells things to people they don’t need, at prices that they can’t afford. He earns good money, but, like thousands of others, he is tired of living in a close urban "cave." So, with his wife, Mirna Loy, they go to the countryside of Connecticut for their dream home. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they get more than expected, and in a fun way. <br /> <br /> There is hardly a lifeless trait in the whole scenario. I do not know whether the writers of Panama and Frank Oscar, but they should have. Of course, humor revolves around all the problems that arise when city dwellers build a big house on rural land. Irritations accumulate almost as fast as a mortgage, all eccentric types hold a construction exhibition and deliver hard times to Grant. Of course, no one endures irritation or disappointment with humor than Grant, so this is just one good laugh after another, especially when the locked cabinet has its own hellish mind. However, oddly enough, the film does not seem to have a comedic star event. Instead, the laughter is spread so skillfully that they do not peak at any particular point. This is a true cinematic triumph for any era. <br /> <br /> Reaching 60 years later, we see how cleverly the ideas of the script are looking forward, not behind. With their house maid living, the Blandings may not be a typical American family, but this post-war migration from cramped cities to spacious suburbs was typical. And what could be more suggestive work for the future consumerism than Blandings as an "advertiser", whose task is to find more clever ways to sell more "ham". Most of all, however, is the sunny optimism of the film. Oh, of course, the feeling is sometimes interrupted, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon, if the Blandings just stick to their dreams, carries them to the end. Indeed, the lives of many people will improve during the coming burst, so I expect the film to respond deeply to the viewers of the day. It is this frivolous subtext, along with the enormous entertainment value, that makes this film a key comedic statement of the post-war period. <br /> <br /> So, if you haven’t seen it yet, catch it. next
