In connection with the beginning of the baby boomers in the years after the Second World War, an unprecedented exodus of Americans took place, moving from their city apartments to the suburbs, where they can fulfill their dreams of owning their own home. Directed by N.S. Potter, co-authored with Norman Panama and Melvin Frank (“White Christmas”), this light but surprisingly observant comedy of 1948 with a baseball gives a very good sense of that period. Of course, it helps to have a trio of experienced magicians ?? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and especially caustic Melvin Douglas ?? lead the trial with their natural appeal against the growing frustration of homeownership. Despite the fact that the film is already sixty years old, there is an eternal quality in Blanding’s dream and in the barriers that they face when it is achieved. Obviously, Hollywood thinks so, because it has been redone at least twice - first as Tom Hanks’s very physical comedy, 1986 “The Pit”, and again last year with the Ice Cube “We Are Done?”. One look at the HGTV program schedule will show you how the situations that are being explored here still resonate. <br /> <br /> The story begins with the fact that advertiser Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters hid in a bath with two bedrooms and one bath. Manhattan apartment. Instead of following the idea of ​​Muriel repairing the apartment for 7,000 dollars, Jim sees a photo of a house in Connecticut in a magazine and understands that it is there they must move. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and contrary to the advice of their lawyer and a friend of the family of Bill Cole, the Blandings decide to buy a dilapidated house that needs repairs. However, the foundation bends so strongly that it must be demolished in favor of the new. This prompts Blandings to push the architect to design the house so excessive that the second floor is twice the size of the first. Costs are rising with each new complication, a splash of character, and even an imaginary romantic triangle is imagined among Jim, Muriel and Bill. The priorities are finally settled, but not before funny episodes of farce and clever dialogue, which changes the not so blissful ignorance of new homeowners, appear. <br /> <br /> Thanks to his double doubles and impeccable delivery, Grant is infallible in this type of farce, and Jim Blandings embodies his more domesticated mid-career characters. In a role originally intended for Irene Dunn, Mirna Loy shows why she was Hollywood's perfect wife. She doesn't have many funny lines, but she combines her own special blend of volatility and quick-wittedness to make Muriel an attractive character on her own. Watch as she deftly maneuvers an overly pleasant house painter with her ridiculously original color palette. Melvin Douglas, as a proud, pipe smoking Bill ("Cole ?? Bill Cole"), shows his natural, calm elan as Grant's foil. Smaller roles are played by Harry Shannon's particularly memorable turns in the role of Mr. Tesander's laconic digger, Lauren Tuttle as an assistant to Jim Mary and Louise Beavers as the sweet servant of Blandings Gussie. An interesting vintage material is presented on the 2004 DVD, including two radio versions of the film — the first version of 1949, in which Grant and Dunn were eventually joined, and then the second version of 1950, connecting Grant with his then-wife, actress Betsy Drake. Also included is the most appropriate 1949 cartoon “House of Tomorrow”, giving us a funny tour of the futuristic dream house. Original theatrical trailers for ten classic films Grant complement additions.
