Keko Mask of Japanese Tomo Akiyama (1993) is a very nice thrash movie that is so interesting to watch! There are also some sequels, but I have not seen them, since these films are very rare. Some reissues will sometime be good, as I think many garbage lovers will like these films. The language in the cheeks tells of a very strict school in which teachers believe that torturing students to achieve discipline is normal, which, according to teachers, is the most important in education. The school is headed by an incredibly funny-looking (just look at the costume!) A wizard / anyone who is the principal, and this only adds politeness, which is never explained why he wears such a costume, since all other teachers are perfectly dressed. Well, the main thing in the film is his name, Keko Mask, a beautiful masked witch who always comes to save the girls and students who are being abused and tortured by the teachers! Yes, this superhero is one effective woman, as she kicks and fights evil teachers with a completely stupid soundtrack playing in the background. The most important thing, of course, is that she wears only a raincoat and a mask, and the rest of her body is naked! Her personality is never revealed in these films, as well as in the credits it says “Keko mask: unknown”, and the names of the actors are indicated! <br /> <br /> The funniest thing about this movie is how Keko Mask kills his enemies. She has a gorgeous, but deadly vagina! Yes, you read that right. She kills her victims, flying in the air in front of them, spreading her legs and allowing enemies to numbly enchant the view, after which she flies closer and snaps their necks with their legs! The most common last lines that the characters in this film say are: "I have never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace." This movie is fantastic !! <br /> <br /> There are also a few mockery of Japanese society, for example, his attitude to sex in films (Japanese censors optically blur / blur all pubic hair in any film), as well as some restrictions on school children (for example, girls and boys are not allowed to talk in this film, etc.) There is one wonderful scene in which one nerd sees a naked girl for the first time, who knows what a girl is and says, “Hey, no in a fog. This!” could keep from laughing during this scene, when I thought about this thought Japanese censors. Also, one character says at the end that he will return if Japan Films allows him to make a sequel. I am glad I allowed because I heard that the sequels are equally outrageous. One sequel must include the Blues Brothers (yes !) In it, and so on. D. <br /> <br /> This is rubbish in its most pleasant, funny, and also cleverest form, and therefore it is a little embarrassing that these films are so hard to find. It would definitely be more experience, if it were a little faster, and sometimes it got a little boring, but, fortunately, these segments s very few. This film should be seen to be completely believed in, because there are so many garbage elements in it, which I did not mention, and it would not even be necessary to tell them to everyone here. If you like trash movies and films made with a tongue on a very cheek, I think you will like this little gem, like me, and the director is definitely a genius in this area! 8/10 Perhaps the only film in which a shining vagina is deadly?
