I borrowed this film, despite its extremely low rating, because I wanted to see how the film crew manages to revive the presence of several worlds. In fact, they did not - at least it seems so. Some episodic episodes rather clumsily crashed into a film - that's all, most viewers think so. However, the surprise comes at the end, and, unfortunately, when, probably, the majority of viewers have already stopped this film. I was also surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film means “Journey to Death”. This is a spoiler. <br /> <br /> This film is about a young girl who goes Alone on this boat (for completely unclear reasons), you understand only in the last 5 minutes. When you start the film with the English name “Ghost Boat” in your head, you clearly think that the cameo of strange figures are “ghosts”. But in fact, this film is not like most other horror films, shot from a distant point of view of a writer-observer, who can almost at any time distinguish different levels of reality, as they say from the point of view of a young girl. We see her not one, but together with four friends, because she sees them. We do not see that she is alone. Thus, parallel worlds are not cameo images flashing in the flow of the image, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which the girl is located, and the world in which there are 4 friends. The invasion of the third world is probably a young man with medical skills who arrives briefly on a boat. <br /> <br /> I cannot get rid of the deep conviction that with this film the creators of the film “deceived” an audience of several thousand people, allowing them to believe that what they did is more or less a second-year cinematographer, working with the hastily "selected" pseudo-actors who met the night before the start of the shoot in the dump after at least twelve beers. How can you make a mistake! But in addition to this big surprise, which is only found out in the very last minutes, the subsequent end gives another surprise. The girl is rescued by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. When she recovered from the shock, she again visits the place in the harbor, where she climbed onto the boat with four friends. And here they are again! They are waving to her from a boat that has already taken off from the shore. She jumps into the water, arrives at the boat - and they are far away. Wonderfully beautiful. I remembered this a bit until the end of the poem of the writer-reformer: when I woke up, I saw death standing by my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again, he left.
