Frightened, but strictly second-class British glam rock band Strange Fruit falls apart in the late insane 70s. Individual members of the group go their own different ways and are awkwardly settled in a dull middle age in a dull and without incident of the 90s: the gloomy keyboard player Stephen Ree loses money and swears at his luck, vain, neurotic, pretentious lead singer Bill Nighy tries (and fails) Continuing an uneasy solo career, paranoid drummer Timothy Spall lives unattended on a remote farm, so he can avoid paying huge tax arrears, and the surly bassist Jimmy Neil sets shelter for life. The former loving fan, who became a patient, understanding, long-suffering manager Juliette Aubrey, again gathers the group for a rash, largely ineffective and cheerful, disastrous twenty-year round of nostalgic reunion in Europe. Our pretty ragged pile diligently, but awkwardly trying to light a flame that once burned quite brightly. The emaciated rich road builder Billy Connelly and the bold energetic young guitarist Hans Matheson invite to themselves a delightfully bumpy, troubled by problems, but still end up rewarded and enjoyable driving. <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Gibson shows extremely contagious respect and adoration as his friendly, especially humorous characters, and loud, sonorous, bright, bloated, scouring 70s rock in general, which gives this affectionate little tip an incredibly exciting sense of charm and tireless enthusiasm. The insightful, well-written script of Dick Clement and Jan La Frenai is also replete with precise dry wit and beautifully observed moments of joyful madness on the road, capturing a certain bitterly exciting and often noisy atmosphere that gives the picture itself irresistible light. Ashley Row's beautiful, elegant cinematography ensures that the film always looks quite visually luxurious, while perfectly catchy and groovy music copes with flawless rock and roll and aplomb. Kudos are also in all the awesome ideas that are brightly nailing the burnt soul and disfigured, but still furiously beating the heart of the past, its first-class untidy rock suit desperately trying to regain its former fleeting glory in one last attempt the great success of the time. In general, this radiant and touching gem is highly valued as one of the real gray-chemical sleeping delicacies of the 90s.
