In the voice from which the film begins, Huey (Billy Connolly), the road builder of the great 70s group “Strange Fruit,” said that the reason why lightning struck a rock festival to stop the “Strange Fruit” film set was that God is tired of the surplus of the 70s. Indeed, it was popular to deny that era of music and view punk as the desired antidote to it. Although I agree that the surplus was tedious (and also because of his woman-hating motives), and, like punk, I am still a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock, and this film is about the long and strange reunion of Strange Fruit. Affectionate tribute to those days. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons why the film works is to take care of people hiding behind the scenes. Brian Gibson directed “What love should do about it” about Tina Turner (while I had problems with the dramatic parts of the film, the music was very well crafted), writers Dick Clement and Jan Le Frene were co-authors of “Commitment” and were behind the music-oriented British television show OVER THE RAINBOW and the songs played by Strange Fruit were written by Alien's Bowl Jones (not to be confused with Mick Jones from The Clash), so this was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking about. about. In addition, the two actors are musicians themselves (about Bill Nye, whom I don’t know about, although the film attributes his singing to him, and he certainly looks like the lead singer of that era, while Jimmy Nail was in another British) . A telecast that was focused on music, although I forgot the name, and it was in EVITA), and others are convincing in that. And although, as I said, many groups of the 70s, such as the Strange Fruit, behaved poorly towards women, the same mistake is not repeated in the film (except for the woman who watches Timothy Spal); As a reunion manager, Juliet Aubrey is pretty good and plays a completely rounded character. <br /> <br /> All other actors are also good, with special praise for Stephen Rea, who copes well with a more dramatic role without sentimentality. There are a couple of plot points that do not work, but in general it is quite nice. Oh yeah, and the music is good too.
