Perhaps it would be a little mistaken to open the review, describing the film in terms of other films, but I think that this is the best way to give an approximate idea of ​​the place that “Elections” occupies in the arena of the gangster genre. He works somewhere in the middle between “The Godfather” and the Yakuza opus “Kinji Fukasaku” of the “Yakuza Paper” (“Fights without honor and humanity”), as he is both romantic and realistic, gloomy and sandy. But this is also a Johnny To film, and it carries the distinct touch of the author of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> Every two years, HK Triad elects a new boss. Only this time one of the candidates is not too pleased with the result, so he decides to take matters into his own hands to the dismay of the rest of the Triads and the police. This is a story in a nutshell, but be sure she has much more than that. As in The Yakuza Papers, there are a lot of intrigue, back-strikes, building and switching addictions (sometimes all that is required is a phone call in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen lately), which may not necessarily do for deep drama, but does for an interesting conspiracy and good conflict of nature. Fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in this aspect. Elections are not as action-oriented as one would expect; although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the glossy, glamorous version of Hollywood violence. It is dark and gloomy. The camera That remains in scenes of cruel treatment of people, revealing both humanity and the inhumanity of criminals and victims; After all, violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with the style of To, you should know what to expect. The pace is relatively slow and thoughtful. The cinematography is excellent, smoothed and dark equally, using dark shades (brown, dark green and orange), while smooth tracking frames add a lively quality to it. As a result, the elections occupy a peculiar place. This is not really a study of character, and it is not an action-oriented action movie. He explores the situation (elections and its consequences), but he does it in a stylish and realistic and romantic way (Triad ceremonies, in particular, an echo of the eastern godfather).
