It cannot be denied that Hak Se Wui (“Elections in English”) is a well-made and well-designed film. The film constantly uses numerous clever images, playing with modernity, but adhering to traditions. a theme that is played throughout the film, where John Wu’s Hong Kong films are filled with fighting and overwhelmed with explosive content, as seen in the movie “Hard Boiled” (1992), and when Hong Kong films calm themselves in the rhythms of storytelling from the “bad” 'point of view , they can sometimes stutter and just become simply unforgettable, a good example is the City on Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> “Elections” is a film that is remembered by the very fact of its unpredictable scene, spontaneous actions and violence, which are carried out in a realistic and tasteful (if that is the right word) way, as well as clever little “pieces” of filmmaking. This is difficult to determine while watching, but the elections are really built in the form of a three-stage structure: is there a first problem regarding real elections, and who did you vote for, who did you vote for ?? not everyone likes the decision, but what the uncles say goes. The second act is to extract the ancient baton from China, which should be present in the traditions during the inauguration, and the last third after the inauguration, and some characters put forward their own ideas about how the Triads should and can be used. Of course; Certain events and turns occur during each of the thirds, some are small and inconsequential, while some are much larger and more impressive. <br /> <br /> Elections do have some flaws, with the majority coming in the first third. Trying to kill time around elections that take only a few minutes was obviously a difficult task for writers and directors, and this manifests itself in many ways. I had a feeling that some scene had just started to go somewhere before it was interrupted by the police, and then everyone was arrested. This happens several times: a fight begins in a restaurant, but the police are there and everyone is arrested; a secret meeting about the baton between the Triads, but the police appear and everyone is arrested; some other Triads have a pre-election talk, but the police show up and guess what? You know. <br /> <br /> As soon as the film comes out of the rut that I thought about, he uses the holy baton as a plot device to make everyone move. The relay gives rise to several good fight scenes, such as chasing a truck after it has been connected, another motorcycle chase and a kung fu fight loaded with melee weapons on the street ?? the scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but, as I said, they are tasteful. Where the Election really hovers is the attention to these small details. When the Triads are in prison, the grids are covered with wire, which means that they are all animals in cages, as they behave outside in conflict. Another detail of attention to detail is how uncles toast use tea, not alcohol, towered over other head gangsters who drink champagne (Long Good Friday), and also refer to the Chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or celebrate. <br /> “Election” is a good film, structured enough to enjoy it, and a film with a fantastic stage setting, when you look at what is happening. Some of the interior settings and clothing, as well as style buckets, which are poured out, are amplified when searching and chasing a baton. The inauguration is similar to another short film that is fully and very well integrated into the film; hints at Chinese traditions in the process. I feel that the best scene is the final scene, as it sums up perfectly: two running characters catch fish and discuss the rules of the Triads, remaining realistic, unpredictable and cruel: with taste, of course.
