for a movie slasher, this movie is actually better than a lot in the genre. Yes, it is predictable, resident crazy work continues to kill fun, people die, yada yada yada. However, there are some positives to this movie. First, I really liked the mask that wore a nut. This is definitely creepy, to put it mildly, and perhaps unique (although I have not watched every movie ever made by slasher), the origin of the bad because of what I have not seen before, and how he finally reaches his goal is a new concept, as far as I know. I also really liked the weapon of choice used by Mr. Salo for most of the killings. The killings themselves are not as clear as most in the genre, but this is a small problem. The film does not take itself seriously, from which most slashers suffer. Oddly enough, while watching the movie I was reminded of the early "Friday, the 13th" films, which were perceived by themselves. Seriously. There are a few concerns about this film. In several scenes, the killer suddenly appears as a Strong resemblance to one of our horror icons. By this I mean his movements and his reaction to the shot, as well as the way he walked. More anxiety, however, the scene is very close to the end, where Mr. Madman bears more than a striking resemblance (in fact a complete ripping off) of another famous horror titan. And in the most recent scenes, we have our scumbag, again, looking like the first horror icon I mentioned. In fact, the last scene is almost complete Disruption from another icon in the slasher genre. these scenes were weak and unoriginal (obviously). By the way, the film goes to Australia, so if you love a chick with an Australian accent (like me), you will go to heaven. If not, how could it hit you. Another great thing about this movie: the beautiful Kylie Minogue (just don’t get too attached to her), there is one non-Australian accent kindly provided by Molly Ringwald. In general, there are more reasons to look than not. I enjoyed it and had fun. so I have to give Cut 8/10, which may seem too high to some.
