Twelve years ago, production stopped at the slash "Hot Blooded", as almost everyone on the set began to die. Now a couple of filmmakers have decided to finish the film, despite the fact that there are rumors that the film is cursed. Well, they are going to find out that some curses are real. <br /> <br /> When Scream came out, it seemed that every country wanted to cash in on its success, even Australia. The concept that was made to death today (a slasher film inside a slasher film) was relatively cool and original at the time. This film was released right before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (well, not in the US, but in Australia), so this was the first film with such a concept. When Urban Legends 2 came out, most of us were already sick of this concept, and since the film was not even good, the film fell through. Now, Cut is not the best slasher movie, nor is it trying to be. He knows that this is plagiarism, and they even played a girl who looked like a blonde performed by Neva Campbell, in the lead role. But instead of trying to add some new and original twists to the story, they decided to smooth out some of the 80s slashers, such as The Nightmare on Elm Street, and surprisingly, it really works. The killer is very creepy, and this mask is just a killer! And instead of scaring the audience to death, they created a very good and creepy atmosphere that keeps us in suspense throughout most of the film. The film has a couple of holes in the plot, which I could not completely ignore, and the final was the biggest hole in the film. Spoiler ahead; I mean, they burned a single copy of the film, so where the hell did they find the imprint they show in the final scene? There is no point in telling you. The end of the spoilers. In general, Cut is a rather creepy slasher with a silly story, but I think this is one of the best Scream robberies who have never made it big. I am surprised that this never had a sequel, but I think it just came out too late. <br /> <br /> Suspended Australian slasher with very little panic. Cut is still a pretty neat slasher film, and I’ll have to recommend it, although I find this story rather stupid, since it’s completely ridiculous.
