When I think of the most stupid pleasure-type movies, the first thing I think about is slasher films of the 80s. Really Bad Clicks A typical movie in which all that is needed for a script is two pieces of blood and a few pieces of nudity. <br /> <br /> Fast forward to the end of the 90s / early 00s. The slasher film was animated with 1996 Scream success. As in the 1980s, these films were stereotyped, disguising a lack of inspiration, denoting themselves as “parody pranks” of original slasher punches. From this recent mix of “parodies to the hips” neesslasher films, you should pay attention only to the low-budget one, directly to the video “Cut”. <br /> <br /> Like most other “new” Slisher films, “Cut” relies on the production of a slasher film, in this case the fictional 1985 film “Hot Blooded”, to comment on the genre. “Hot Blood” never finished production because of the killings of someone wearing the mask of the film’s killer, Skarman, a bald figure with a closed mouth and dark eyes without pupils. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students whose professor was involved in the production decided to go to the vaults, touch the original surviving actress and end the film. But every time the movie is shown or filmed, the Scarman returns and someone dies. Citing this slogan, will they finish the film before it ends? <br /> <br /> It all sounds very bad, and to some extent it is (really, is there such a thing as a good slash film?), There is no character development (the “new” director, as it turned out is the daughter of the original director of “Hot Blooded”, whose life was obviously ruined after canceling the production, it would be an ideal piece for the plot, but he is never mentioned again) and, like in all other slash films, there are too many bodies need to take care. The actors are not very good, even by the standards of live video, but most are having fun with their characters (and for those who do not, this is an unintended game of characters, since none of their characters in the film wanted to work on Hot Blood) especially to the one who was lucky enough to play Scarman. The climax of “Cut” does not have a big “exposure” of the killer's exposure, as in the films “Scream”. This is not a killing trick movie "Urban Legend". What he has is an original and interesting concept, which is diluted with the ending “so we can write a sequel if it sells well”. But it normal. <br /> <br /> By any reasonable standard, this terrible movie should be avoided, but it is this “quality” that makes it true to its roots in the slasher genre, and this is what makes it more enjoyable than any other unfriendly film.
