As in all the films of Angelopoulos, The Suspended Step of the Stork indirectly requires direct and direct participation from the viewer, which certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues are sparing, without monologues or exchanges that personify internal conflicts, doubts or feelings of the characters. The director prefers to keep the audience away from their own emotional reactions, and instead forces them to explore and study the characters' personalities for themselves. As a result, the action is understated and implicit, in contrast to the explicit and explicit. <br /> <br /> Action scenes are set between long intervals of contemplation when the viewer is asked to become a participant in order to participate as an actor, exploring his or her own psyche. As in the novel, where the drama is fully based on the author's work to create a template where imagination and / or reader experience flourish, Angelopoulos's drama rests on his images: his use of long frames, long duplicates, leisurely pace, sparing dialogues that have become his trademark inviting the viewer to get to know the film from his or her personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, attitudes, sounds and music, when he believes that words can lead us so far. <br /> <br /> Music, Angelopoulos' long-time ally, Eleni Karaindrou, provides more than just a discreet background, but is itself becoming a dramatic element of the story. Most of the film consists of external shots in subtle, muted tones, recorded in a dim winter light. Angelopoulos gives us a “different Greece”, different from Greece with tourist brochures, with an ethereal blue sky and emerald seas buried in eternal light. Here the sky is covered with gray, the air is cold and misty, and the sand of untouched beaches is replaced by trampled dirty snow on the streets of the village. The genius of Angelopoulos through the Arvanitis camera is shown throughout the film. <br /> <br /> “Sustained step of the stork” is primarily a political statement, aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century. He is deeply concerned about the meaning of “borders” and those who have fallen victim to the confusion between nations. In the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, waiting for the refugees, political or other, expelled by the rest of humanity. They may be stuck at the political frontier, but, unfortunately, they still carry with them and hold on to deeper tribal boundaries: the boundaries of languages, customs and races. Although Angelopoulos’s political views are well known, the film avoids any political debate about the causes of the plight of refugees. In this process, Angelopoulos forces us to reflect on the concepts of geographic, cultural, political and personal "borders." <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a twentieth century Greek historian, and he enjoys learning from Hellenic myths in his discussions. In this film, he crosses the border between Greek and Italian cultures, drawing on the unified Homeric and Dantes tradition of Odyssey's travels. Alexander - Telemachus, in search of the story of an aging Greek politics / Odyssey, who disappeared, which will never be heard. This politician, a brilliant speaker, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant career, to anonymously live in a refugee camp with the lowest of the lowest. He became a poet in exile, wondering how to change the world. Of course, the “politician” is not the father of Alexander, but the “politician” stands in front of Alexander, like the figure of his father / Odyssey. As in the case of Telemachus Homer, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be wrong to try to see in the film a retelling of Homer's Odyssey in a modern context. Angelopoulos draws Odyssey's journeys only as structuring and thematic elements for her film. In the final of Angelopoulos, the Odyssey looks more like Dante's Odyssey: he does not leave for Ithaca, but continues to “carry the suitcase.” And Alexander / Telemachus is "suspended" between returning home and a career or sending on a journey "somewhere else." He also says in a voice-over at the beginning of the film, paraphrasing a few lines from Dante's “Hellish”: “And don't forget that the time for travel has come again. The wind blows your eyes far. "<br /> <br /> Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, during the film a religious Greek Orthodox theme was presented in the form of judges in yellow costumes who managed to improve things for their fellows. also a Christ-like figure of “politics.” In the final scene, these people in yellow color once again demonstrate the influence of Byzantine iconography on Angelopoulos’s work. They look like “stylists”, religious figures found in the Orthodox tradition, lonely and passionate the people who occupied their home on the tops of the columns in the form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The film ends without permission as for the true personality of the character Mastroianni played. Angelopoulos does not give us any clues, and his wife’s statement “It’s not him” far from convincing and remains rather ambiguous. The important question of the film is not whether it is a disappeared politician or not, but that it can be a politician. But the film still ends on an optimistic note. While the wires stretched from the pole to the pole run only along the river, and thus communication across the border is still impossible, and it remains impenetrable, we note that this last scene is taken from the point of view across the river: the camera has crossed the border, and the reverse tracking shot invites Alexander and the viewer to proceed abroad. In this regard, Angelopoulos gives us hope that somehow some of the borders will eventually collapse.
