The dying Kung Fu master sends out his last student to keep track of what happened to the previous five students who were members of the banned Poison clan. He must see if they are acting for good, and if not, then stop him. The master also wants the apprentice to find another clan member who escaped with the clan money that the master wants to use forever. Earlier students were taught in different styles: the snake, centipede, scorpion, lizard, toad, while the last student was taught a little in each style. All students finish in the same city, looking for an old man with all the money, and soon everyone is struggling to get money. <br /> <br /> The classic martial arts movie has a name that even many non-fans know. I spoke with a couple of random fans, and this seems to be the film that was stuck in their head. This is a very good film, although I’m not quite sure why this film remains with people, when for my money there are other films that are better from Show’s studio (for example, “One Armed Swordsman” or the series “Brave Archer”). This is not to sell the film short, it is not so, since the film is structured as a mystery, our hero has no idea who he is, but the Poisons themselves know at best who are two of them. We have assigned the identity of four, but we still have to figure out who is actually the fifth. The film is also strange in that the martial arts film, with the exception of the sequence of training at the beginning and killing the old man and his family for money, actually does not require any action for 40 or 45 minutes. This is a bold move, but it pays off, as the plot and the performances hold your attention. (The film is also strange because this is the first martial arts film that I think I’ve ever seen where there are no women. I don’t think that anyone has a role to play, and I’m almost sure that no one it appears in the background. It doesn’t say anything, it’s just something that struck me.) It’s a good durable little movie that may not match the reputation it has in some circles, but it’s still a really good movie to curl up on the couch. br /> <br /> About 7 out of 10.
