By the end of the forties, the era of the comedy of the worms had ended, as the films moved in a different direction, comedic and otherwise. With the approach of television on the horizon, Hollywood will soon have a very difficult time. I wonder what happened to the films if television did not appear or its appearance on the stage was delayed by five or ten years? Mr. Blandings is building his dream home, which offers a special way of developing comedy. <br /> <br /> Advertiser Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, lives in a good, but too cramped apartment in New York. One day, he had a bright idea that it would be fun to realize his dream of building a house in the suburbs. Therefore, he buys some property in Connecticut and built it according to his exact specifications. Almost. If he knew about the troubles that he faced, he could change his mind. On the other hand, he may not have. You decide. This fragile premise produces a wonderful film, full of conflict between the middle-class dream of owning their own home and the often unpleasant reality of acquiring it. There is nothing easy in this life as Mr. Blandings learns; but one need not be unhappy just because things do not always go their own way. There is, after all, a long-term perspective. But Blandings asks himself every few minutes how long does it take? <br /> <br /> This movie is amazing. I believe that this is not a masterpiece in the tradition of Capra-McCary, but he is a worthy successor to their paintings of the thirties, and may have been the forerunner of future events, if the appearance of television did not change the cultural landscape so radically, many (WC) Fieldsian hard reality is periodically imposed, but not enough to leave an unpleasant taste. All the people in the film are very intelligent and well-off, but definitely from the professional top of the middle level, and not from the rich upper-class slacker. <br /> <br /> Leading players Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play Mr. and Mrs. Blandings perfectly; while Melvin Douglas is good as their pragmatic friend-lawyer, who often has to raise unpleasant topics, such as how the real world works. There is also a wonderful feeling that, due to the lack of a better term, one could call a romance about the suburb, which was in its infancy in the first post-war years, when you can see the forests and streams that attracted people to the country in the first place. These people most definitely fish from water in what was then mostly rural Connecticut. In a few short years, everything will change, as the mad dash to the suburbs will be in full swing, destroying forever the pastoral innocence that so many longed for in small towns that will soon be connected by highways, littered with bottles and cans, their expiration competing with something that can be found in the city.
