One of the most enjoyable aspects of Asian cinema (or, in fact, most of what is being done outside of these holy United States) is the resulting rearrangement. For example, in World War II, Japanese manga (comics) can be found in an endless variety of subjects, many of which are treated in a unique way. The same thing happens in the genre film industry; although, again, I mean movies shot outside the United States. (where we are just too "sophisticated" in our limitations to appreciate what is not about us or the United States). Will, for example, the American company support not one, but a series of films with the participation of a professional wrestler in a mask (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Our) or a real martial artist (Bruce Lee) ...? As for television: forget about it. Although I still love the KUNG FU series, in which the late David Carradine starred, I always felt that the Americanized version of Asian martial arts was — however nice to say — a little lacking. Until today, there was not a pay-per-view channel where Asian martial arts masters could be seen playing Asian martial arts masters in Asia. (There are a lot of soft core porn under the guise of entertaining shows, but the so-called action channel, for example, is still importing or producing True teleseries of martial arts.) Before Brother Cadfile investigated the killings on the BBC, there It was at least one a kung fu movie in which a group of martial arts masters more or less involved in the murder riddle participated: 5 DEAD VENOMS. This masterpiece of martial arts is in itself as fascinating as any other genre-fornicator (western, police show, etc.), and truly superb. Now it is available from Dragon Dynasty, and its prints are beautiful, and the Bey Logan DVD commentary is EXACTLY the intelligent, thoughtful analysis that these gems really deserve. If you're a fan of martial arts films, be happy: one of the greatest movie genres of all time (in particular, martial arts films from the 1970s and early 1980s) get a long overdue second life (and they highly appreciate the second look) on DVD.
