Despite all the hype, respect and recognition that this film receives from Kung Fu historians, it still clearly lacks a couple of critical areas: scenes of battles and actions. But I must say that the plot is probably the best and most original one I've ever seen in a martial arts movie. Without a doubt, The Five Deadly Poisons is not only a film that can be watched over and over; but I also have to say that after watching you feel that this could be even better. It somehow leaves you wanting something, you want more. Producer Chang Che perfectly fine-tunes the storyline for a potential masterpiece, but does not give us any more of the actions we want. The fighting styles in the film really capture the viewer (Centipede, Snake, Scorpio, Lizard, Toad), and they are shown, but the battles are noticeably short. The styles “Toad” and “Snake” are especially intriguing and should have been demonstrated much, much more, in fact “The Toad” is killed by the middle of the film. Interestingly, in this film the lack of constant action or fights leads to the creation of a magnificent plot, it is one of the few Kung Fu films where you are really interested in the plot line and take care of the result. This film has a dark and angry tone, and you are drawn into the atmosphere. Ominous weapons and tactics of torture are used throughout the film and add a sense of cinema. To start the film and introduce producer Chang Che, we went to a dirty dungeon. The scenes of the final battle, of course, are good, but they seem muffled, and somehow you expected more. Nevertheless, this film is one of the best in The Brothers Show, and it is quite pleasant. My overall impression of the film would have been as follows: the styles that the fighters used were simply shown to us, and not demonstrated in detail, sadly, but the director had goods for something extraordinary right at his fingertips and did not expand them, I can only be surprised that could be with this film, although it is still one of the best. 8 out of 10 on the scale.
