“In the world of old kung-fu movies, where pictures of revenge cost dozens of times, the film stood out very dearly - and even more to make it a favorite after all these years. Chan Chel's best film continues to influence the Hong Kong film industry on the themes of loyalty, fraternity and revenge that John Woo (who began his career in the HK film industry working on Chang) explored during the heyday of heroic bloodshed during the late 1980s, more modern films, such as "The Man Named the Hero", which features a character in a costume inspired by this film. The influence also extends to other areas, from music, such as Wu-Tang Clan, television commercials for Sprite and video games, such as Mortal Kombat. So what makes this movie so special? The plot - on the surface - is pretty simple. It concerns members of a fraudulent group known as the “Poison Clan,” who are looking for the treasure hidden in their cipher. All members of Lana possess unusual kung-fu abilities, denoted by their animal styles, or “poisons” (a lizard can climb walls, a scorpion deals a death blow, etc.). The bottom line is that since the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows who the others are. Thus, a simple plot becomes an almost unknown thriller. We are not talking about ordinary suspects here, but this is much higher than many other kung-fu films of that time. Presumably, “Golden Harvest” was not too pleased with Chang’s script — like most of his films, they felt that he was too dark and cruel — and they really wanted him to add a broad comic to it. Fortunately, Chung stuck to his weapon and stayed with his original script, which has since become one of the best films of its time, if not ever, ending an almost perfect dramatic arc and providing the perfect backbone for an extraordinary sequence of actions. <br /> <br /> But what really strengthens the film is the poisons themselves. Chang Che made a magical formula with the help of the cast - he acquired not only talented martial arts masters (whose movements, competing without wires or other special effects, are disgraced by most modern martial arts masters), but also by great actors. The formula turned out to be so popular that Chan usually had one or more poisons in his later films. Returning to current issues, in most old-school films, the actors seem to be playing cardboard cutouts, but here the actors actually create characters. It seems that everyone has their favorite poison (mine is Philip Kwok, whom many call the rabid hard-boiled dog the lizard), and it is this personal connection with the characters that the Five Deadly Poisons generates that makes it a real classic of the genre . Even if you, as a rule, are not a fan of old school films, you need to check “Five Deadly Poisons”, if you have nothing to watch, where did modern films come from. ”
