Of all the kung-fu films made in the 70s and 80s, this film caused a real cult. With the exception of all the films that Bruce Lee starred in, this film has passed the test of time and thanks to a unique story. An aging Kung Fu master tells his latest student, Yang Tie (Sheng Chan) about the five students he taught in the past. All five were masked, and no one saw each other’s faces, and they were all trained differently. Their specialty in Kung Fu is the name they adopted as Lizard, Serpent, Centipede, Toad and Scorpio. The master called them the Venomous Clan, and he does not know what happened to them, so he wants Ti to find them and help those who do good, to stop others who are evil. An old man who was once a member of the Poison Clan, has a card where he hid a lot of money, and he seems to be the target. Tieh doesn't know what they look like, so he has to mingle in society and try to figure out who they are. Tieh discovered that Snake is Hung Wen Tun (Pai Wei) and together with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu), Centipede, they kill the family to find the map. The map was found by a mysterious person who turns out to be a Scorpion, but he knows who knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Xing (Philip Kwok) is investigating the killings with his partner Ma Cho (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend named Lee Ho (Mengawo), who is Toad, and they know about each other. The snake bribes local officials to commit Lee Ho's murders, and while he is in prison, he is tortured and killed. When Sin finds out, he teams up with Tieh and together they fight Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This film was made by Czech Chang, and he was a very special director when it came to these films. Chang was not your director of the kung fu mill, and his films always had a special quality for them. While most martial arts films deal with revenge, Chang did not use this as a central theme. Although revenge occurs later in this story, this film is more complex than this one. Five people are trained in one master in different ways and in masks. Then they are all in one area and do not know who the other is. The unique story makes this film different from everyone else, and most of the Changs stories were in a class all by themselves. I would definitely not put him in the same league as War with the Dragon, because Bruce Lee was a world icon, and the martial arts that he demonstrated looked more authentic. There are still some impossible feats in this film, such as clinging to walls and a revolution in the air, but this film is not necessarily about fighting scenes. This is more about intrigue stories and characters that are involved. This alone distinguishes it from all other Kung Fu films. Very well done with a unique story.
