This is undoubtedly one of the best Kung Fu movies, and perhaps one of the best movies ever. ... He has a great puzzle-like plot with many intrigues and expectations. This film is full of games and cat-and-mouse lies where people hide their identity and their nature. The characters in this film live and breathe much more than the usual characters of a kung fu movie. All of them are interesting and irresistible, and the film well gives them scenes showing their individuality and desires. <br /> <br /> Scenes of fights are played out like little stories, and many of them are very original and exciting. It has cool training sequences and martial arts skills that are so amazing that they come into the realm of fantasy. There are 5 venomous clan members, each with their own style that imitates a particular poisonous animal skill. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch, and you can see the methods they use in training used during the film ... When this happens, the director uses a quick transition to the training scene to draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by musical changes and sound effects, and it all works great. <br /> <br /> This film is very original about how it relates to death. Director Chang Che was obviously very concerned that the film does not trivialize death. This makes some scenes in the film much more effective. We really don't care when people get killed in this movie. This is because the camera lingers on the horror of death, even when the bad guys are killed. Some of the episodes in this film are really terrible. When the characters go in search of revenge, you really feel their anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, this is also a funny movie. It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There is a bad dubbing, the characters are ready to fight in an instant. Some of the sound effects are funny, and sometimes the behavior of the characters is incredibly unrealistic ... all this only adds to the greatness of the film. <br /> <br /> And let's not forget that this director was a visual stylist much more gifted than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this film carefully, you will notice that technical mastery is demonstrated masterly. Everything goes so fast (due to the quick cut-out style and quick movements of the camera of the genre) that it is easy to lose sight of how beautiful the film really is. The lighting and composition are sometimes impressive. Working with the camera and the movement are extremely complex, along with very interesting fast editing ... In scenes that, for example, depict tension and intrigue, imagine that Hitchcock moves about twice as fast. Chang Che was a true master and artist who knew his genre and could create important material while working within it. He doesn’t rattle a kung-fu genre with a boat, but in a subtle way his skills permeate every scene and every frame, and they significantly improve the quality of work. He is an important director who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is a real pack of Kung Fu movies that can be found at all levels. This art is rubbish, it moves emotionally, and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but it does not allow this moral to interfere with doing good deeds. I recommend it to everyone, whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
