When it first came out, this work of the Meisel brothers was highly criticized and even recognized as exploitation. Fortunately, now this is proclaimed a masterpiece of documentary films, especially now that society has been subjected to real exploitation in what television is about television, and the poor evolution of most direct cinema. I must say that this is not really a direct cinema, but rather a cinematic story. The difference between them is very small, but basically it is the fact that in this documentary film we feel the presence of the Meisel brothers, and they interact with the characters they shoot. It also makes it clear that this is not exploitation. Meisels were allowed inside the house, and they are included in what is a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric household. Both Edith and Eddie just like the idea of ​​filming. <br /> <br /> It would be a shame if only the voice of God's narration and superficial interviews were shown. Here we are given a complete portrait of madness at home, madness, which seems to go well with both Edie and her mother Edith. Their home is a mess, trash and animals everywhere, faded colors and furniture throughout the house, and constant fights that are constant interactions of reality. These two people have lived with each other all their lives and do not fight in front of the camera, because they want attention, but because they cannot help talking to each other in this way. They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings, this is not necessary. In the end, despite the fact that they blame each other for their lives, they really deeply love each other. Edie says that she does not want her mother to die because she loves her very much, and Edith says that she does not want Edie to leave her because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the film is that, regardless of age, two women can not be girls. They can not be one singer and another dancer. Show off all your artistic skills in front of the camera. When Eddie rhetorically asks David Macel "Where have you been all my life?" She is really very happy that she can finally show the whole world and her wonderful dancer skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and charm that one would never see again, as only Meysels and a few others could have done.
