Cypher is a thoughtful story about industrial espionage that arose in America in the near future. Although not thematically complex, this film offers many different points of view about personal loyalty, ruthlessness and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent, this film also tries to present modern corporate groups and companies as indifferent to the risks that their contract employees take on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rather mediocre salary, Morgan Sullivan. (Jeremy Northham), who appeals to the Digicorp group to work undercover. After the initial briefing with Digicorp security chief, Sullivan is given a new identity card (Jack Terby) and is sent to a business conference to record the various representatives on the marketing strategies of each of their respective companies. After successfully completing his first assignment, Sullivan / Chekli is sent to further missions to receive information of the same type as previously collected. However, in one of his “business trips” he accidentally ran into a woman named Rita Foster (Liu), whom he had met during his previous assignment, and from there things went hand in hand. The consequences of the devilish conspiracy involving the Digicorp spy program are beginning to manifest, and Sullivan is forced to hide deeply from one of Digicorp's main competitors, thus becoming a double agent involved in intense rivalry between the two companies. <br /> <br /> ((SPOILERS END HERE)) <br /> <br /> What I liked most about this film was the effective use of lighting and shadows in many scenes. Bright lighting was used mainly in the home / home, while many shadows and dark colors were used for settings that include deception and concealment. I was also very impressed with Jeremy Northam. I didn't see him too often in the lead role, and the fact that he was playing a frustrated married man right from Wisconsin was brilliant. Personally, I think that he is one of the many under-involved actors in the industry who were not given more complex roles. Lucy Liu was also incredible in her role and gave the film a real cloak and dagger. In addition, the rest of the support staff did an excellent job, but my only complaint was that some characters could be studied more to make the plot and closure a bit more difficult. For example, I would really like to see what would happen if Jack Terbie had a closer relationship with his second “wife”. In general, this is a cleverly designed story about cloaks and daggers, which makes you fully aware of personal and professional loyalty and whether you can trust anyone from the entire film. This film with a smart and stylish soundtrack and excellent camera work gives a scary look at how corporations can work in the near future. I am surprised that I have never watched this “hidden gem” before. This is a brilliant, not too complicated spy thriller, and therefore I give it 9 out of 10.
