It’s actually good that Sean Connery retired in the role of James Bond, as I’m sure he won’t be able to keep up with the espionage business, where fast cars have been replaced by high-tech brainwashing technologies, and great women are considered to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a rather inventive sci-fi thriller, which often causes a feeling of fright and claustrophobia, despite the fact that it is incredibly implausible. You know the trend in these types of films: nothing is what it seems, and only when you think that you have found a tangled plot, do the writers necessarily insert a new twist that confuses everyone again. The events at Cypher supposedly take place in the most famous regions of the computer world, where large companies actually do little, except to try to steal thunder from each other. Digisoft literally spends millions of people brainwashing and provides them with a new identity to enable them to penetrate the spies in their biggest competitor, Sunways. Sunways, on the other hand, is constantly trying to expose Digisoft rats and recruit them as double spies again. Between all this unprofitable business is Morgan Sullivan; the seemingly colorless thirty-year-old employee whom Sebastian Rux (spy) chose to trick the secret policies of OBAH companies. Believe me, it's really not as difficult as it seems, and the director Vincenzo Natalie (the dude from "Tube") tries not to rush to introduce all important and less important characters. The first half of the film is rather reminiscent of John Franckenheimer's sadly underestimated “Seconds” ?? Rock Hudson starring ?? because it also deals with the erasure of identities and a radical change in your former way of life. Even the scenery seems to come out straight from a 60s movie, with lots of empty white rooms and creepy corridors that seem endless. There are also many excellent actions and expectations, especially when Morgan soberly experiences how the Digisoft team checks the results of their brainwashing methods during the boring conventions. The middle part of the film is a little delayed, mainly due to the fact that you already understand that all this is only developing in the direction of misleading plot twists, and I was hoping for a somewhat darker image of the not-so-distant future. Jeremy Northam played well, and charming Lucy Liu is convincingly mysterious, like a sly lady who seems to be on his side. The choice of a regular director David Hewlett plays the most memorable role of auxiliary engineer Suways Virgil S. Dunn. “Cypher” is well made and adrenaline rush Sci-Fi entertainment, it is strongly recommended to people who fully love from time to time to use their mental abilities.
