Cypher is a smart, effective and creepy movie that delivers. His good premise is well presented, and its content delivered efficiently, but also in accordance with the requirements of the genre. Although you can immediately call the film science fiction, there is a little more in it. He has the obvious features of science fiction, but the film is more like a noir / detective story than anything else that really adds to the plot. <br /> <br /> In general, the film unfolds as if it were some kind of nightmare; thus creating and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure about what is happening, we are never sure why certain things actually happen, and we are not quite sure about certain people, like in a dream? is ambiguity prevailing over all of us ?? the hero is on, and I have not seen it happen this way in the film before, in the Brazilian film Terry Gilliam. Following the previously described eerie, Cypher is an element of horror, as well as detective, noir and science fiction, giving the feeling that there is something for everyone, and he integrates his elements well. <br /> <br /> There is also a spy feeling for a film that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery surrounding almost everyone is disturbing, to say the least, and I find the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), who should be like a femme fatale, can be seen as a lesser threat to everything that happens around the hero: people who seem to be friends, in fact, not such people who say that they help, actually use, and those who seem to be quite harmless, in fact, more deadly than they look. Despite the fact that many things are reversed, they twist the plot several times and follow orders that make them think that the world will end if they are not fulfilled; the only thing that seems the most dangerous, is it some kind of romantic relationship or connection with the character Lucy Liu ?? and she tries to help (!) The film supports the feeling of two parties fighting the espionage war, spying and supporting each other against their co-workers and opponents. It all looks like a mini cold war; something that resembles the United States and the United States in the heyday of their war of words, and it really draws, given the black, dull, often littered CGI screen, to which I was glued. <br /> <br /> What was also a rather interesting and pleasant addition was that in some American states an insert for travel was made, similar to computer microchips, when our hero flies to the specified destinations and back? The important thing is that the more he acts according to Foster’s own motivation and Foster’s own motivation, this sequence disappears because he breaks away from the computerized, repetitive, controlled life that he is told to live and forks. <br /> <br /> Cyper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good movie. To say that it is similar to the first Jason Born film, made only in a science fiction genre, does not allow him to relax, but you can see the similarities; despite the fact that both were released in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, there is a feeling in this film that there is something for everyone in this film, and if you look beyond a rather disappointing ending that several people can successfully predict, you will enjoy this film.
