This science fiction film, sponsored by Filmfour, is definitely worth seeing. While it takes a huge influence from the Manchurian Candidate and does not offer anything new or original wise conspiracy; it is crafted with a marginal skill that seems fresh and inventive, despite the fact that it is basically a re-release of an earlier film. It's nice to know that similar films are still being made (even if they don't get broad releases), and Cypher is refreshing for that reason. The plot revolves and unfolds, which gives it an element of paranoia, and also serves to keep the audience on the edge of their place, trying to figure out the meaning of the Cypher's secret. The plot follows Morgan Sullivan; a bored suburban who decides to get a job in Digicorp, in which he listens to the speeches of several competing companies and records them for reasons unknown to him. However, his work is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young lady, known as Rita ... <br /> <br /> This film has many bright white backgrounds that give it a very surreal shade and go well with its apocalyptic images. of the future. This gives the film a very strange look that distinguishes it from most other films of the same type, and the only real partner is Kubrick's Clockwork Orange. The plot is also very effective and impedes character development in favor of a more stylish - and more exciting - plot development. You never know where you are, with a plot that makes it even more intriguing. The acting game is pretty good with an unknown composition supporting the team of stars; Jeremy Northam and Lucy Louis. Northam is very much looking at the quiet and dreary person in the center of the fairy tale and copes well with his role. Lucy Louis is an actress who has a resume that doesn’t quite match her talent, but she looks at her, which simply corresponds to this film. <br /> <br /> Cypher is far from perfect, since some of the sequences are illogical and may at times be contradictory; but in general, if you want an inventive recent sci-fi film; Cypher is the way to go.
