This is a great sci-fi low-budget film from iconic filmmaker Vincenzo Natali. The film is played as a cross between Philip K Dick and Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the film takes on the unique feeling that you have not seen anything. The film is great shot, in this I love cinema, it is fresh and original. The plot reveals themes similar to films such as Total Recall, Dark City, and the Matrix, and its main science fiction material. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban resident who is sick of his life, and he decided to get a job as a company spy for a large technology corporation Digicorp. First, he meets with a recruiting officer who takes Sullivan on board and instructs him about what he should do. This mainly involves attending conferences of competing companies and recording them through a satellite transmission device disguised as a pen. It also means that he must take another person and keep it secret from his wife. After his first job becomes weird, his habits change, his personality begins to differ, and he suffers from neck pains and headaches, as well as nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (plays the intriguingly performed role of Lucy Liu), to whom he instantly attracts himself. However, when he goes to his next job and sees her again, she reveals himself to be an agent who shows that his work is not exactly as it seems. Later he learns that he and the rest of the conference are working on Digicorp. All conferences are a cover so that company people can brainwash their spies. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Terby, was given the drug antidote Digicorps, and the rest of the spies at the last conference are immersed in what looks like a death sleep, while the speakers are buzzing (the speakers send all the attendants to sleep through messages.) Suddenly, the lights in the rooms go out, and workers in Digicorp illuminate the eyes of everyone present to make sure they are not conscious, and then in a rather dreadful situation they bring headphones for each member who sends messages to the brain and e brains precipitators in the belief that they are someone else. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and creates personalities and lives for these people, destroying their own existence. Sullivan must now pretend that he fully believes that he is now Jack Terby. Digicorp want to steal information from their competitors Samways, and they want their own puppets to do it, now they effectively control what these spies are doing, with the exception of Sullivan. When Samveys grabbed Sullivan and found that he was not really brainwashed, they decided to use him as a pawn to spy on Digicorp, to make Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp sent Thursday to them so that he worked at Samways and worked on the system until he was in a situation to download important information about a company that could close a company. Samvais understands that they put him in prison and decides that they will play along with Digicorp and allow Thursday to enter their data banks, but they will give Digicorp a tricky disc that will destroy their system. The plot begins to spin and turn, as both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. He is stuck in the middle, and Rita Foster is a mystery when he tries to understand why she is helping him. When a mysterious third party comes in, who, as it turned out, Foster works, Sullivan must decide whether to go to this freelance agent who can guarantee him new life and security, or stay in one of the companies in which he works. All the tension rises to a staggering climax, as it seems that everyone wants to get rid of him as soon as his usefulness expires. The cast is great. Northham is gorgeous, and the subtlety of his performance is superb. He brings a great visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell a story, and we see big subtle changes when his character changes from Sullivan to Thursday. Lucy Liu is just incredibly sexy, and her presence makes the film more dynamic because it seems like a strange actor, but it works because of this fact. The rest of the cast are also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natalie, whose previous film was the cult classic sci-fi film "The Cube", has a real visual sense. He walks beautifully through the film and looks great. For a low budget movie, it has some imaginative visual effects, and although CGI is not very good, it will never be too central to negatively affect the movie. The film really brings the feelings of The Matrix and other wonderful science fiction films, it is there with them. The plot sometimes gets too confusing, but, to tell the truth, it helps in such a film, where the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch is obvious. In the film you are constantly reflecting on what is happening, and sincerely surprised how it happens. This is generally an obvious iconic classic, and I see that it is incredibly popular when it comes out in the states. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
