Was it based on a comic? Video game? Figure from 3 year old? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this film that can be taken seriously; no characters, no dialogues, no plot, no action. Nothing. We have high-tech international terrorists / criminals who bicker like preschool children, Stallone’s resistance to icy weather, the dialogues are so stupid that sometimes they are almost funny, and so on. Even the codename bad guys use is stupid ("tango-tango"). A film that entertains through some waiting, good action sequences, and a good snowy mountainous setting. Oh yes: and unintentional humor. <br /> <br /> The film begins with the really bad and unconvincing banter of gays between our lucky people and the happy characters who are clearly experiencing a “wave”. Then comes the sweat-causing emergency rescue unit, which should make anyone with height-fear problems want to pull their hair out. And then we have another bad dialogue, and after that some more wonderful actions. This is the rhythm of the film in two words. <br /> <br /> Stallone's melodramatic exchange with Turner, when they meet after a long time, is so soapy, so banal, so fake and so bad that it makes any self-respecting viewer laugh. Shortly after this show of horrific dialogues, we witnessed an impressive and excellent aircraft capture. All the action - one big absurdity, but this is crazy fun at its best. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, the airplane scene is really the highlight of the film. After landing, our master criminals are looking for a guide and end up with Stallone and Rucker. They send Stallone for the first thing for money, but somehow they do everything to make it harder for him to get it; they take off most of his clothes (so that he can freeze to death) and do not give him the necessary equipment (so that he can fall). THESE GANGSTERS WANT THEIR MONEY RECEIVED OR NOT ??? Very stupid. Obviously, they do not trust Stallone, but they certainly know that they can always blackmail him, using Rucker as a hostage. However, our gangsters make it difficult for Stallone to climb, if not for some logical reason, at least to show us how evil they really are - so that there is no doubt about it. And for those who can still doubt how evil the bad guys are, they outplay, boast and giggle in a really vicious manner. Are everyone convinced? Good. You better be. Otherwise, the writers will arrange a mass execution of twenty students, just to make sure that the evil of the bad guys is very clear to everyone. <br /> <br /> An old man who flies by helicopter ... How the hell did he fall into the trap? First, he must have been warned by the head of MTV about the criminals, and secondly, he must have heard the voices of Stallone and Rucker on the radios. There is a whole bunch of idiotic verbal exchanges, and Lithgow has the dubious honor of getting the most stupid lines. "Get off my back!" Lithgow: "I did not even begin to climb on your back." Or Lithgow Stallone: ​​“We had a deal, but now we only have each other!” And as for the gang of the killers of Lytgow: it seems that these guys never want to kill immediately. They are very creative in this; they philosophize, pretend to play football with your body and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone co-authored this thing. I have no idea what drugs he took when he did this. I would not like to think that the script is so bad because of the low I.Q.
