Good horror movies from France are quite rare, and it's pretty easy to understand why! Whenever a talented young director releases a stunning new film, he immediately afterwards emigrates to glorious Hollywood to direct a great budget remake of another classic film! How can France create a solid reputation for horror when their geeks leave the country after one movie? “Haute Tension” was a fantastic film, and he brought a one-way ticket to director Alexander Ayu (one way?) To the States to remake “The hills have eyes” (I can add that he did it terribly). Eric Valletta’s long-awaited debut "Maléfique" was also a very promising and exciting horror film, and he is already heading to Hollywood to film a remake of the legendary hit Takashi Miike "One Missed Call". So, you have this, two very gifted Frenchmen who are unlikely to ever make another film in their homeland. “Maléfique” is a simple but effective chiller that requires some patience because of its slow launch, but as soon as the plot develops properly, it offers a lot of atmospheric tension and some amazing special effects. The film is almost fully unfolded in one place and represents only four characters. We are in a ruined French prison cell with four passengers. The newcomer is a businessman convicted of fraud, elderly and “wise” prisoners sadistically killed his wife, and then a crazy transvestite and mentally retarded boy to complete the strange four. They find an ancient magazine in the wall of their cell, owned by a sick killer in the 1920s, who specialized in rituals of black magic and supernatural escape techniques. Four prisoners are starting to prepare their own escape plan, using the book's fancy formulas, only to understand that occultism is something you should not get involved with? Eric Valette spends time on the oceans of character drawings of the four main characters, which sometimes leads to redundant and tedious plots, but its reasons for this become clear in a terrible climax when the book suddenly turns out to be a kind of "Wizard." device. “Maléfique” is a dark movie in which there is a lot of sadness of claustrophobia and a few distorted details about human behavior. Watch it before some rich American production company decides to remake it with four beautiful teenage actors in unconvincing roles of cruel criminals.
