Over the past couple of years, the French horror cinema has experienced some excitement when great movies, such as Inside and Switchblade Romance, took the stage. Maléfique preceded the revival a bit, but stands head and shoulders above most modern horror films and is certainly one of the best French horror films ever made! Maléfique was obviously shot with a small budget, but this is offset by the originality of the film much more than one, and this, in turn, is complemented by the excellent script and acting skills that ensure the victory of the film. The plot focuses on two main ideas; Prison and black magic. The main character is a man named Carrer, who was sent to prison for fraud. He is placed in a cell with three others; quietly insane Lassalle, bodybuilding Marcus and his retarded boyfriend Daisy. Having stayed in the cell for a bit, they stumbled upon a shelter in the wall where the old diary is located. Having translated some of this material, they soon realize his magical abilities and realize that they can use it to break through prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting topic, and I'm actually quite surprised that there are no more films based on it, because it has so many possibilities. It is fair to say that Maléfique is doing everything possible, because, despite all its limitations, the film never feels restrained and it manages to develop well. Director Eric Valette creates a great atmosphere for the film; the fact that much of this takes place inside the central prison cell ensures that the film seems very claustrophobic, and it greatly helps the prisoners who want to use magic to get out of the cell - it is very easy to get behind them! It is often said that the unknown is what really scares people, and this film proves that, as the director guarantees that we can never know exactly what is around the corner, and this helps to ensure that Maléfique really does get pretty scary! The film is remembered for many reasons outside the central plot; all the characters are very interesting in their own way, and the fact that the book itself almost acquires its own character is very well done. Anyone who is worried that the film will not come to an end will not be disappointed either, since the final makes sense and can be quite terrifying! All in all, Maléfique is a really great horror movie and one of the best in a decade - STRONGLY recommended viewing!
