This film is about four criminals locked up in prison who want to escape from their cell, hoping that a mysterious black magic book written by a former prisoner around 1920 is called Danvers, who wanted to use spells to keep his skin young. <br /> The criminal tactics of doing business (hot keys) Carrera (Geralda LaRoche) led him to imprisonment with three same-sex cellmates ... transgender cattle Marcus (Clovis Kornilyak), Marcus Packetti's love toy (Dmitry Rato) who eats items that he touches (and is in prison for eating his six-month-old sister) and obeys his order, as if he were his mother, and the scientist Lassalle (Philip Laudenbach) does not read or eat breakfast (the last time he was killing his wife at this time of day). The film follows Carrere when he reads from a book, trying to understand its meaning, hoping to find a way out of his prison. Carrer loves his child, and for some time believes that his wife will pull him out early on bail. When she betrays him, Carrer begins to slowly seethe with hatred and longs to see and keep her beloved son. Carrera’s harshest critic is Marcus, who tends to be completely feminine, but still leans towards several masculine qualities, such as training and leaking. He speaks harshly and uses his muscles as a type of fear tactics, although deep down there is a world of vulnerability. The market is completely under the control of Marcus and behaves like a dog in front of his master ... there is even a disturbing scene where Puckett breastfeeds Marcus! Lassalle is a mystery that opens up for us to slowly understand his ulterior motives and what lies in his possibly sinister brain. Completely intellectual and possessing possible secrets from others, Lassalle is in fact the one who supports the motivation to discover the secrets of the book. Soon, those who pose no threat to the book are looking for their “true” escape, not so much from the cage of the four walls, as from the camera that imprisons their true desires. After a certain murder, the book is thrown out of the room with a very interesting character who enters the movie with a video camera, as if he is a new inhabitant ... who is this person and how does he understand the whole power of the book he is throwing out, and even better how to use it? Constant in this film is that each of the prisoners, who are often seen everywhere, looks out of his window into a world that is out of reach. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I got the chance to watch this movie. It plays out like a monkey's paw, the characters get what they want, but the price must be reached. There is blood in the film, amazing moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is primarily a plot based on a plot. The mountain is the product of what the book frees. One member of the group twists the limbs while he is suspended in the air, while the terrible act of disclosure shows the carnage left after the desire of one person. We see the fate of Danver at the end, with a magnificent sequence of special effects regarding the melting of the baby. Fate Lassalle is a master sequence of effects. I will say that Maléfique, under the direction of Eric Valletta, always kept my attention, and, being such an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a single place, in a prison cell), it never seems to drag, pull. I guess this is evidence of interesting actors and exciting features, not to mention an exciting story that uses supernatural to control them.
