If you are one of those who are happy to learn such mysterious names as “The Book of the Dead”, “The Book of Eibon” or “The Necronomicon”, then you should feel at home with the film “Malefica”, which also has occult books. one who is able to change the fate of all participants. Discovered by four French prisoners in the same cell, a terrible object was placed on the wall there by Danvers, a serial killer who was imprisoned in the 1920s; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and black art before he suddenly disappeared. The authors of the book are Carrer (Gerale Laroche), the waste of a company led by his wife Lassalle (Philippe Loudenbach), who aspires to be a woman, but at the same time, physique fulfills an escape plan, a semi-reasonable package (Dimitri Rataud) who once ate his younger Marcus’s sister and “librarian” (Clovis Cornillac), allegedly insane from reading, who killed his wife. Reminding the viewer of the equally bizarre, busty man from Meat Loaf to the Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins with the dominant member of the quartet, especially protecting the infantile Packett. However, with the advent of the book and the overwhelming need to decipher its dangerous content, Markus becomes more and more important. Initially confident in early release on bail, meanwhile, Carrer takes a little more interest in academic interests than academic interest. Suddenly, he also needs the option of an urgent escape, and, as experiments with prisoners show, the book of Danvers begins to reveal some of his terrifying abilities ... <br /> <br /> Forming mostly inside the prison cell and between four or five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic atmosphere that is completely appropriate for its subject (as well as the limited budget of the filmmakers). Only at the beginning, and then at the end, can we leave the confines of the chamber, the necessary openings, which serve only to emphasize the doomed, closed nature of the proceedings elsewhere. More than anything, this is a movie that you are trapped as victims of your criminal past or occult events happening now. “I'm going to escape,” says Karrer at the beginning of the film, and most of all he wants him to return to his wife and son. Will he do it at a terrible price, and the film’s great irony is that the final form of “escape” may not be the one that a person could imagine. <br /> <br /> With all its budgetary constraints, it is the merit of the new director Eric Valletta that his film was as successful as he was. As critics have noted, this is a film with strong Freudian overtones — for example, the characteristic lassal mammary glands and breastfeeding adults; the image of the vagina, which comes to life and develops the eye; an adult who dissolves back into the fetus; Original Placenta Fetish Danvers; a dark cell as a primitive womb, from which it is expected to “deliver”, etc. With such a large number of interesting aspects in the script, Vallett is hardly mistaken, and he manages to create a truly alarming atmosphere from the fact that when a person comes to this is just a question of four guys, four beds, one folding table and a book. There is a genuine, growing, Lovecraftian freesson, when men invoke indescribable darkness from its pages, while one or two points - the aforementioned flickering vagina or what eventually happens to Past, are unpleasantly remembered. Many of the dark events in Malefic are deliberate, rejecting the rapid cuts in many Hollywood productions: a video culture approach that often brings a frightened look in favor of fast action and blood. Perhaps this is especially European style, as you can recall a similar, measured approach to the shocking hallucination used in films such as Verkhovan's Fourth Man (1983) - a film that, incidentally, also shares a particularly unpleasant image based around a dropped eye. /> <br /> With a good outcome of 1.85: 1, Malefik benefits from excellent results, and, if at least for this viewer, the conclusion was not as explicable as it could be, the path to the final shot was worth it. Coming so soon after the equally well-received Haute Tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that good horror films reappear from the French industry, after what seemed like the only decent product came from Asia
