Hal Hartley’s influence in Adrienne Shelley’s film “I'll Take You There” is not explicit, but is clearly related to his work (Shelley starred in two Hartley films). Not only does her film show a very tough story, but hyper-style and extreme characters in a strange way convey human emotions in a very real light. Although this film is not ironic in general (thank God), the small and subtle ironies that permeate the piece hint at the bitter truths in love and loss. With beautiful cinematography and a soundtrack right from the seventies, “I will see you there” - a great indie film that does not sink to postmodern irony when faced with the troubles of love and the reality of human emotions. <Br /> <br /> The film begins with the life of Bill falling apart. Not only did he sell his best friend Ray a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose left him to join Ray in a retreat. All washed up, Bill wallows in his own darkness and doom, until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrienne Shelley) gives him all sorts of surprises: a book of self-help and a “date” with an injured brother. <br /> <br /> The unwelcome Bill tries to refuse, but the sudden appearance of Bernice at his door leaves him no choice. Without a doubt, the initially superficial behavior of Bernice and the ridiculous hairstyle detract from his ability to “bounce off” with her. However, her pseudo-hippie qualities annoy him so much that he attacks her on their first date. And Bernice is so traumatized by his derogatory remarks that she joins him, imposing herself on him. For what purpose we do not know ... except, perhaps, the fact that she is crazy. (And who can play a psycho better than Ellie Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Conscious that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice offers her a car, but on condition that he takes her somewhere first. On the way, she continues to keep Bill captive with his own pistol (no less than a Pinkerton detective). Bill and Bernice are on their way to Ray's village house and Rose ... with, of course, several stops along the way.
