Maléfique is an example of how a horror film can only be effective with a well-executed plot and a big heart. Its composition has no recognizable names, it does not have a big budget, and it definitely lacks visual effects; but it compensates for all this with an intelligent and well-written script, an effective cast, and a director's vision, which is more focused on telling the story than on creating cheap thrills. Eric Valette may not be very well known yet, but with Maléfique, the debut in the feature film, he proves that he is at the level of contemporaries, such as Zhonet, Hans or Aja. <br /> <br /> The film is a story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with completely different origins, but with one sole purpose: to get out. Carrer (Gérale Laroche) goes to prison after convicting him of fraud with millionaires; his cellmates, the cruel Marcus (Chlodwig Kornilyak), the intellectual Lassalle (Philip Laudenbach) and the mentally retarded Pacerette (Dmitry Rato) are all convicted of murder and give Carrera a cold reception. Their identities will collide when Carrer discovers an ancient book that details how a former prisoner escaped with black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexandre Charlot and Frank Magnier, “Maléfique” is an excellent blend of dark fantasy and horror in the way, very much like the story of Clive Barker. The strength of the film is how it forms the characters, they are all very complex and different personalities, and great tension and tension are due to their constant clash of personalities. The supernatural element of the story is very well developed and generally gives the film the sensation of reading a gothic novel. Although it is a film about four men trapped in a room, the film never becomes boring or tedious, and in fact the isolation of the group reinforces the feeling of mistrust, claustrophobia and especially paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Valette makes good use of the atmosphere, the mood and the cast to liven up the plot. Despite the obvious lack of budget, he created a great film that looks original, fresh and very attractive. His subtle and effective camera work helps to make the film dynamic, despite its only location, and the slow pace of the film unfolds excellently, creating a heavy atmosphere of isolation and not trusting the film that bases its plot. Very few special effects shows are very well done, and Valette trades quantity for quality in few but amazing blood scenes. <br /> <br /> Characters are what makes this film work, and the cast definitely deserves some credit. Gerall Laroche is magnificent, like Carrer, at first glance an innocent man, but hiding a bleak past. Philip Laudenbach and Dmitry Rato are also very effective, especially Rato in his very demanding role. Nevertheless, it is Hlodvig Kornilyak, who steals the show with his playing as Marcus, a cruel and agitated man who deeply wants to be only himself. Characters are superbly developed, and the cast makes the most of them. <br /> <br /> The film is awesome, but not without flaws. Of course, the most infamous is its low budget. Some of the CGI effects are a bit bad compared to the effective make-up and prosthetics used in other scenes, however, this is never too bad for him. Probably the bad thing about Maléfique is that by the end it seems to be losing steam when it focuses on supernatural black magic and not characters, which is not so bad, but the end may seem weak from this point of view. . view. <br /> <br /> In any case, Maléfique is another one of those great horror films that have recently come out of France and that deserves more recognition. Valletta is definitely a talent to follow, since this modest (albeit complex) story of the supernatural is enough for his abilities. Personally, this film is a new favorite. 8/10
