In addition to several titles and a new film about Sherlock Holmes, I think I watched all the films that Guy Richie made. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan, and the Revolver is one of the main reasons why. This film is very different from Richie’s approach when you look at it in comparison with Lock, Stoke ... and Dodge. “Revolver” sets us up on a kind of psychological thriller, because the gambling swindler is dominated by many enemies he did not expect, and a walk with a guide for redemption, in which he did not know what he needed. Along with the fact that Andre Benjamin from the well-known band OutKast demonstrates his acting skills, other outstanding actors are Ray Liotta, who plays the manic Mr. D / Machu, and Mark Strong, who plays Sorter, the killer. <br /> <br /> After sending in the prison of the tyrannical casino owner, Macha Jake uses his time alone to sharpen the conspiracy to humiliate Macha and force him to repay him the seven years he spent. When he wins a card game and collects a decent amount from Maki, Jake is on the verge of death when he falls, and he is diagnosed with an incurable disease, which has only three days to live. However, the usurers' team has the answer and a ticket to life - only if he gives them all the money he has and agrees to work for them, all in a ruse, to knock off Mach and show Jake how dangerous he is to himself. Along with the fact that there is a loom in the air and a pair of hare sharks who spend the field day with their money, Jake also has to deal with a blow struck by him, which represents Sorter, the killer under the control of Machi. The depth of this story comes when Jake realizes that some of the accomplices with whom he spent time alone may well be a team of moneylenders to take him for all that he has, having developed all the annoying events that Jake seems to find in your experience. way in However, faced with this reality, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake how distorted he is from loneliness, having only the company of his mind and his ego, and makes their actual existence elusive even for Jake. The film unfolds into a demeaning process for both Jake and Mackie, as they both come to grips with their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The film’s style is first-rate because you get a dark sense of the underworld and the characters it includes. Although there are a lot of nods in Richie's previous films, there is still its own presence in the dialogue, on the film sets and in the experimental gangster genre. It is also a great trip to the humility and recognition of when you can easily allow your ego or pre-concept to hide your ability to do what you want, or overcome what you have to. The characters in this film are well worked out, all sides are clarified, and, according to Richie's fashion, they are all connected with some kind of behind the scenes, which makes a breakthrough into everyone’s affairs. I could and would like to continue about this film and its unique nuances, but I don’t want to take too much away if you haven’t seen it yet. <br /> <br /> This may take a few minutes. sits to go through all the complex layers, but this is a great movie and you need to see it. If you are lucky and you have not seen a diluted release in the US, see if you can get the original British version, as it will be an excellent subject for discussion among friends when you try to guess your opinion. I saw it with my team around the beginning of 2006, and we are still discussing it with the small things we picked up today. He received his cult status, and this is deservedly like a film in which Richie came out of the box and slightly violated his standard. <br /> <br /> Outstanding line: “Fear or read me, but please think that I am special. We share the addiction. We are drug addicts of approval. "
