I recommend that families, if possible, show this only to older children. Some things in this film may be too disturbing for the little ones. Now this is not the case, let me explain about this film. This is actually a documentary about a male fox, who initially defends his territory and is looking for a mate. Starting with a magnificent sunrise and music, is breathtaking. You'd better immerse yourself in as much of the landscape as possible, he will get it later. They gave names to the fox and the fox, but I cannot remember that they are for people like me. He fights with this invading man to win her love. Later they create a den and a fox. gives birth to four adorable cubs, one of whom is blind. There are many happy and playful moments showing the fox family, but tragedy and failure happen too soon. The first victim is a blind puppy who comes too close to the maximum. Tide and laundering. The second victim is a mother who deceives the dead while stealing chickens. The chicken hangs on a pole. She unknowingly goes into a foot trap. Trying to escape, she tears off part of her leg, causing her to bleed to death. The rest of the fox family is forced to watch her die under a tree. The male is now a lonely dad, forced to take on the role of mom and dad. He alone must teach them the skills they need to live. Later it turns out that this is not enough when two of the puppies that have already grown meet an ugly fate. your own; due to the negligence and cruelty of a person. I will not spoil an unexpected ending for you, but it shows that the farmer and his dogs are close on their tail. And this is a well-deserved end, after the public and the fox family. I wanted to say that I saw it when it first appeared in the early 1980s, when we had a thing called Showbiz Cable. I was only 4 years old when I saw it, but I could never understand why they didn’t let me know I know why, after I secretly watched it when it happened on Disney when I was 9. I I felt emotionally shocked to see all this ongoing evil. I was moved to tears. But as dark and ugly as it was, it serves a purpose. Let people know what is happening with these and other animal species, and why they are endangered. This documentary wanted to convey a message about this disappearing form, and I hoped that it worked. It's not fake, like Disney's films about real life, they don't teach why animals are dying out. The invasion of land, the killing of the main prey of foxes and the senseless killing of these beautiful animals, which led to the fact that they were endangered. I would like them to appear in the continuation of this film (Glacier Fox 2005), to see if they will be treated better. be about a fox puppy named Teresa and her brothers and sisters growing up. This film also partly reflects what sometimes happens to human families, especially when one of the parents dies suddenly. The surviving parent assumes the role of both and tries to teach important life lessons. It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives are destroyed. Or they themselves become victims of tragedy. The best thing about the soundtrack and music that I've ever heard.
