Well ... so far this film was intended both by critics and by posters (although, playing the role of the devil's advocate, you could assume that critics are often people who did not do this for themselves as directors, and advertising posters are people who did not do this for themselves as critics), so I wanted to sit in the corner with Guy with a magic sponge, to perhaps reach a couple of people who decided not to watch the movie based on how everyone is looking down their collective endorsement in this . <br /> <br /> The biggest shortcoming of the film in obtaining broad support is how unexpectedly complex it is. It has been repeatedly described as making a film "inaccessible" to the viewer. The chronology of the film is relatively non-linear, and the characters are used not only as a means of narration, but also as a means to show us subtle (or not very subtle) hints of bias that we attach to things when we put them in memory, i.e. Ray Liotta's character waving a pistol with the words "fear me" is portrayed as tragically pathetic (from Statham's POV) or interrogation and bold (from Liotta's POV). This is just one example of Richie’s much more mature approach that he applied to filmmaking with Revolver, we have a storyline that is rather archetypical (a strong but silent sandy antihero comes out of prison with a bill to settle, but unintentionally draws into the world of corruption ... I mean, here the numbers are the numbering of films, guys, right up to the vague poetic choice of diction and voice-overs, but Guy took this concept to make a number of extremely philosophical and complex moments. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where Jason Statham’s character faces a car. This unambiguous sequence might have been released from the film and would have no meaning for the story ... but Richie concludes how such unlikely events, such as receiving a phone call, can change life and death. <Br /> <br /> So, the last act of the film is astonishing, I would take pss if I said that I hadn’t spent the last 20 minutes or so of that film going on a "uh ... wtf?" ... but this is the worst reason to ignore a work of art. It’s too easy to dislike something because it's hard for you to understand. And even easier to say: "Well, it seems that no one else understood this, so this must be a real shit of the film!" In my humble opinion, Revolver is a stylish, complex and mature work of modern art that should be perceived in the same way as the work of the Saatchi brothers. If we choose this opportunity to all say together: “Oh, damn it, I wanted a film about a bunch of bleeding“ cockney gangsters in confusion! “Guy Ritchie is a tit!” Then the day will come when filmmakers will be allowed to do only what small, crappy people expect from them. The fact that Guy made a name for himself with funny, daring coquettes does not mean that he cannot be deep without being "pretentious." Funny people can be thoughtful too.
