For Harry Mitchell, life is going well, he is a former major of the air force (plus, I think, a considerable pension), who earns money on a patent he developed (alloying titanium and steel using an explosive process, creating a super-metal fit for NASA), and his wife, for more than twenty years, has kept herself in a pretty good nickname. He has a nice little notebook in LA. I like to see the visions of the consumer dreams of the 80s, and you get a nice piece here: a restored silver Jag (E-type Roadster Series 1) for him and a magnificent old dollhouse for her (and also for me). Sure, other trinkets and toys for boys). There should always be more, although not so? So, Harry allowed himself to be embroiled in some romantic machinations (you are as old as the woman you feel). As in many noir films, one mistake in a life without blemishes leads to an arc downward for Harry. <br /> <br /> Three blackmailers rush at him. It is here that great actors are important to me, playing very believable roles. Bobby Shay (played by Clarence Williams III) is a black ex-con man capable of performing incredible psychopathic acts to escape prison and punish double crossers. He recalls Pluto, the wicked former black psychopath from the famous neo-noir Carl Franklin, “One Wrong Movement” (1992). I believe that there is a similar motivation. Both men are fed up with this man, and almost everyone, as a last resort. Robert Trebor plays Leo Franks, a thick lily with live lilies, which runs the salon of naked bodies, where men can take pictures of nude models for half an hour at $ 25, and for an hour at $ 50 (someone else is not happy about the lack of a discount?). It's over his head, and it's great to watch Trebor play when Leo begins to feel fever, a believable breakdown. John Glover wins as Alan Raimy, who is the brain of the plot, is actually a brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and turns into a criminal life from pure sociopathic apathy. He is a sexy sadist and does several particularly unpleasant things during the film, including what I think is rather implied rape (pay attention to his reading from the RAP sheet, easily skip it, and read between the lines for the motel scene using "Slim"). <br /> <br /> As in the One False Move, although not exclusively, I think that the real effect of the film is unusual scenes of violence. <br /> <br /> So far so good, but I think that there is a real problem with the film. Harry Mitchell was once told that he had a "spinning tit." My problem is that Harry Mitchell is playing Roy Shader. The main characters of Roy Shader never lose, they are confident and smooth, but not annoying. I feel asked to believe that his character is in danger, the film relies on this because of the dramatic tension; However, I did not believe it. For me, it's like asking to believe that Sandra Bullock's character will eventually sleep alone at the end of the romantic drama, or Stephen Segal's character will be killed by the villains (in fact, it happened in one movie, but it was done intentionally for the impact value ). Roy Shader is also not convinced as an adulterer, you do not feel any discontent towards him at all, his character is covered with teflon. <br /> <br /> It also looked like a movie that cut itself. At 110 minutes, he still feels underdeveloped: Harry's wife, Ann Margaret, is largely a cardboard cutout, a continuation of Harry, her long history as a politician running for office receives little attention. The effect that deals on Harry's marriage is not properly communicated. This may be the problem of Frankenheimer, he is not known for the character development. I never felt that Harry was dealing with anything more than a frankly annoying and erroneous tax claim from the IRS. <br /> <br /> In this film, there is a good sloppy and brutal content of the noir, but I feel that in the excellent grid, casting Harry could be done better (disrespect for the great Roy Shader). The film seemed short, even with a long running time, and I think it might take a little longer. <br /> <br /> But you really can't forget the meanness, like Harry’s deliciously perverted scene photographing Doreen in a nudi showroom.
