Now I have read some negative reviews about this show on this site, and frankly, I am shocked. If someone thinks that the Soprano is not Television, then, I fear, I do not know what the world has come to. Let me tell you something. I started watching many TV shows such as Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all these shows have lost touch after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refuse to watch, because the companies took 2 brilliant ideas and cut them out, making more than one season. Then we have the Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only television series I have ever watched, where I was delighted for the whole season and, more importantly, for all its episodes. There is no department in which this show does not succeed. Acting is nothing more than excellent. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors, and I feel that his game is absolutely amazing in every episode, after I heard that HBO wants Ray Liotta to play Tony, I felt that it would be the best choice, however after watching the first few episodes, I knew that HBO did a great job in the role of James in the role of Tony. The raw emotion he shows is excellent. Then we have everyone else, Edie Falco, Michael Imperoli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianez (whom I remembered as Johnny Ola in The Godfather, part 2) and two of my favorite characters, Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Polie, Walnuts Gulteri Silvio Dante, All these actors play in the best quality, and all give a great game in each episode. Then we have a story, never before have I been so absorbed in the show T.V. History is nothing short of excellent. Each episode is great, and the score of this show is fantastic. I feel that Soprano is one show that I can watch again and again, and I will never be bored. It has everything: from cheerful humor to brutal violence, but, nevertheless, it will always be the best thing that will ever beautify television, and I urge anyone to find a real flaw in the show. Not just to say that this is too cruel, or they feel that Tony’s character is immoral, I mean, this is a mafia show at the end of the day, I don’t think the characters will be very honest or faithful to God, I beg everyone to see this show because, believe me, you will be hooked from the very first episode, I was, and I even have a few friends who at first refused to watch the show, hooked it. Believe me when I say that this show is a boon compared to the shit that comes on TV. After you watched the first season, you will inevitably agree with me when I say once again that this show dominates on television, but not on TV. the current or future will ever surpass the miracle that is the Soprano.
