Although the Soprano is another gift from the Godfather megahit and the sequels who dramatized and to some extent embellished the mafia, the Soprano takes a different tactic. Not dressed, cool thugs here with houses on Lake Tahoe and stakes at Vegas casinos — these guys are waste management gambs who do things that fall from trucks, topless bars, defensive money — in short about what it was mobs in the neighborhood. <br /> <br /> This series is dominated by vivid characters who do not restrain sexual and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) - the head of the crowd with his wife and two children, living in New Jersey, who suffers from panic attacks, trying to balance his biological family with the mafia. To get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees the psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi (Lorain Bracco), who is afraid of him and still attracts him at the same time. Tony's henchman - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Junior (mafia title head), his good friend Puss - are all fully revealed characters. <br /> <br /> As we learn, while passing the series there are enemies not only outside, but also from the inside, and one of these enemies is the painful but terrible mother Tony (Nancy Marchand), who convinces Junior that Tony is dangerous for him. Meanwhile, sister Tony Janice is looking for money at her mother’s house with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has problems with his mistress and wife (Edie Falco), who puts up with her a lot, because she loves him, while keeping in touch with the Catholic religion. “The church frowns at divorce,” she says to a woman, contemplating a split. “Let dad live with him,” is the answer. As for the problems of Tony’s mistress, his psychiatrist points out that Tony attracts demanding women, for whom nothing is ever enough, and asks him if this sounds familiar. Yes, it looks like his mother. <br /> <br /> I am of Italian descent, and yes, I’m tired of the fact that Italians are shown in a negative light, and everyone thinks that all Italians are bandits. And yet you can not but like this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, as noted, this is not a turkey pie and sweet potatoes - it's antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarol, and then the bird!) manicotti (manigot), etc. The only thing that is not Italian in Tony is that he does not have a finished basement, something unheard of in the rest of my family (except that my parents didn’t have it ). <br /> <br /> Among the outstanding heroes of this show are Gandolfini, a ruthless anti-depressant gangster, Falco, brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as exhausted Jennifer. But everything is fine. If you can accept violence and language, this is a great show, a relentless portrait of the mob life in New Jersey.
