Soprano is probably the most widely known series in the entire history, so naturally, my expectations exceeded all expectations, but the show exceeded them. I love the mafia and crime genre in the film, and I like to follow the exciting stories going on in these worlds, but it’s much more. More than 86 hours of material give history the opportunity not only to become one of the most exciting and unpredictable stories about the mafia and action films, but also to become a great family drama, a shocking study of characters, a funny comedy, a brilliant comedy, psychological expertise dealing with the nature of good and evil, and intelligent skillful collaboration of representative dreams and hallucinations is all in one. David Chase's epic series managed to achieve all of this and more, and cemented HBO, as the closest TV can achieve cinematic perfection, paving the way for a number of other TV shows to continue to hit the audience. <br /> <br /> Realism is present when necessary, but Chase's decisions to move away from him for effect in some cases for “sleep episodes” and the like only add more layers to the series. Chase - along with a strong writing team, including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, the future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire, respectively - turns New Jersey into a complex universe full of the greatest characters I've seen on TV. <Br /> <br /> James Gandolfini plays the role of Tony, one of the most revolutionary characters on television. Tony adheres to half the stereotypes of gangsters from pop culture, but he completely ignores the other half, as well as through family communication and therapy sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has significant chemistry that ensures that therapies always feel a completely different feeling to the rest of the show), we see almost every side of Tony Soprano and find out that he is more of an ordinary person than one would expect. <br /> <br /> Edi Falco is in line with the strength. Gandolfini’s role as Tony Carmel’s wife. From her mixed feelings about Tony's way of life, to her suspicions of murder, to her torment over Tony’s deception, to her own thoughts about infidelity, Carmela runs a gamut of emotions for 6 seasons, and Falco makes her the primary means for the audience, not are mafia spectators. have eyes in such a spoiled world. The scenes between Tony and Carmela represent one of the most heartbreaking and painfully realistic dramas ever seen on television. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is almost as phenomenal, and a wide range of characters have been casting the cast for all six seasons, somehow without any dismissal. Nancy Marchand entered the show as the imperious mother of Tony Libya, telling about the problems of Tony's personality and panic attacks. Familiarity with the ongoing complaints of Marchand is almost terrible, as it is so believable. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, a protégé of Tony, whose various unsuccessful decisions lead him along a road that is painful to watch, but brilliantly executed. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher’s girlfriend Adriana, and she is so benevolent and loves that her dark arc takes on the character when she is too keen on Christopher’s career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, presented as the perfect mafia stereotype and source of comics, but in the end he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters in the series, and no one plays real anger better than him. And this is just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Familiar faces such as Peter Bogdanovich, John Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Bert Young, and Eric Mangini appear throughout the show while names like Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt play the permanent roles of the main characters in the series. There are over 50 gorgeous characters with powerful arcs, and excitement and tension never subside on any of the various plots throughout the show. <br /> <br /> Comic elements and whole episodes filled with bright cheerfulness dilute the powerful dramatic intensity from the series, which is so multipurpose that for one reason or enough, loans from almost any episode left me somewhat puzzled. Sopranos is the most powerful and exciting series I've ever seen, and its highs are so astounding that I would have to call it my favorite show, despite the controversial minimums (which I disagree with most of). <br /> <br /> Whether you love or hate the end, or what you make of it, doesn’t matter: the discussion he created is an achievement in itself. The cult character of the entire series makes it an integral part of the history of television. In this show, everyone can love and admire a variety of elements, so if you want to see something else instead, do yourself a favor and grab it.
