I can't add a lot of positive reviews that have already been here - great acting, balanced writing, multi-faceted characters, a great anti-hero in Tony, wonderful comments on thousands of years of American life. The integrated use of psychiatry in combination with mother Tony’s problems is especially fresh and humorous. Several other characters add more depth — Hesh’s interesting story as a muscular outsider, Ralphi’s absolute irreconcilable depravity, Chris’s double desires in life, etc. <br /> <br /> I need to deal with some of the Critique, however, especially “he glorifies violence / belittles Italo-Americans "alone. Most authors and actors are Italian Americans, will they attack themselves? There are several positive Italian-American characters - Artie Bakko, chef, Dr. Melfi and her family, as well as Kuzmanos next to the Sopranos. Indeed, Dr. Melfi’s former husband notes in the first season that only a tiny minority of Italians-Americans have ever had connections to mobs (certainly less than the proportion of African Americans involved in the crime, I dare say). In both cases, poverty and lack of opportunity are the main reasons). <br /> <br /> Most characters do not choose the life they have; Family background or circumstances largely drive them into it. Outsiders (even those of Italian descent) who are trying to integrate into it usually meet sad goals - for example, Matthew and his friend in the second season. If you criticize this show, I believe Fraser made you want to become a psychiatrist, or did Will and Grace make you become a homosexual? Supposedly, you will not listen to rap, which discusses gangs, or r'n'b, which discusses licentiousness, or rock music, which discusses drugs (or any other combination)? People are not as stupid as some of you. <br /> <br /> However, not everything is so perfect. Many characters appeared only once, when according to all logic they should have been seen or at least mentioned in previous episodes — Trace, dancer, Meadow's girlfriend, Uncle Junior's girlfriend (presumably, for 20 years, until they broke up in the first season).
