Not only the plot lines in The Soprano attract viewers from all over the world, but I think (at least for me) that it returns viewers to action. (Even you, Gary, cannot dispute this statement). James Gandolfini, who plays the protagonist Tony Soprano, has become (in the opinion of this viewer) one of the “Hollywood elites” in terms of acting on the television series. I would not compare it with Robert De Niro or Al Pacino, or at least for now. He, however, does a hell of a job playing the role of Tony Soprano. Over the years since 1999, Gandolfini has grown as an actor (mainly due to his role in The Sopranos), which today is considered one of the best in the business. And it is not only him. The Soprano Clan is a great cast, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianez and the late Nancy Marchand, who played the terrible mother Tony. At the moment there is a show, it is considered a cult classic and rightfully so. The first two seasons were unusual. Brutal and rather terrible quite often, but, no doubt, unusually perfect. The third season was great, but did not quite match the deception of seasons 1 and 2. Season 4, which ended just before the new year, was the weakest season (or at least in my opinion, it was), Despite the dry spell, I still found him (season 4 Soprano) more interesting than most of his competitors, and that says a lot, because lately I have noticed a trend in good new television shows. Examples of this: Six Feet Under, The Shield, curb your enthusiasm and OZ (technically, this is not a new show, but completed the unforgettable final season this year). If you go back to my point of view, the fact that the show is better than all the competitions during a particularly bad year, however, is a real achievement on the part of the authors. "The Soprano Clan" is above all other television shows of its era, and its authors deserve great respect. In conclusion, I would like to say: “The Soprano Clan” is the real thing, guys. For the average mature viewer (17 years and older) who loves drama and does not mind mixing a little violence and profanity, you can check out the Clan Soprano if you have a chance. Believe me, it's worth it.
