This is a great example of a good, stupid movie. No, this is not high art anyway. Also, the script is not close to Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. BUT SO THAT! The Killer Tomatoes series (four films and the animated series) are mostly good-natured jokers who happily trampled down the territory that Zuckers ruled before they switched to making serious clicks. <br /> <br /> As the name implies The fourth part of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy is devoted to the Killer Tomatoes plot against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (the third time as John Astin) has a plan to rule France by means of an ancient prophecy about the return of the legitimate king of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to become a sports charmer and who, as it turned out, is the dead ring of the long-lost true king of France. Obviously, he also plays the aforementioned 11 K version, happily crossing the French language. <br /> <br /> Against them - the fearless fuzzy tomato (like the others, FT was presented in the second film and will become the main character of the cartoon) and his human allies. Mark Price, recently unemployed as a result of the completion of the FAMILY TIES series, plays a disguised version of himself, posing as "Michael J. Fox" to win the girl of his dreams. And Angela Visser is Marie's dream, happily bouncing between deadpan virgin sexuality and borderline psychosis. Oh, that the former Miss of the Netherlands had a great film career! Another returning member of Killer Tomatoes is Rick Rockwell (now best known as the hapless title “Who wants to marry a millionaire?”). Like one of the creators of John De Bello, Rockwell works in this series both in front of and behind the camera. <br /> <br /> What can you say about John De Bello? In fact, a little bit, except for the fact that he had an unusual vision, he managed to carry it out, and, having done that, he apparently fell into obscurity. John, if you ever see this, thank you for giving us the Killer Tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The script is strongly, but not disgusting, aware that this is just a film. Like RETURN OF THE KILLER TOMATOES, the action deviates from the set from time to time and turns into the center of the film crew. And Mark Price has a funny forum where you can complain about the lack of success compared to his former partner Michael J. Fox. This is the biggest budget of all Killer Tomatoes movies and is well-placed on the show. Well, the show then went on to Fox Kids as an animated series (which was also pretty clever), but the cartoons are just not the same.
