I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and I have this in my video collection, since this is my favorite. What interests me is how, when MIDNIGHT COWBOY came out in 1969, it was so shocking to the audience that it got an X rating. Of course, X meant maturity at that time. Since I was only two years old at the time of the film, I find it hard to imagine how shocked the audience was then. However, when I try to take into account that many of the topics covered in the film, including prostitution (the name itself was slang for a male prostitute); homosexuality; loneliness; Many people find it difficult to talk about physical (and to some extent emotional) substance abuse, and I can begin to understand that the viewers of this film recall its release. It is worth noting that in the 1970s MIDNIGHT COWBOY was downgraded to R level, and although it still has an R rating, some scenes can almost be rated PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> I want to talk briefly about the plot, although it is probably known to almost everyone who heard about the film. John Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck from Texas who decides that he can succeed as a male in New York, accompanying rich women. He imitates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers, wearing cowboy clothes, thinking it will impress women. Being rejected by all the women he encountered, he meets a nasty crook named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can earn all the money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe deceived and soon became homeless. However, Joe is faced with Ratso and invited to a dilapidated apartment. Without giving a lot more plot, I want to say that the rest of the film is about Joe and Ratso, who are trying to help each other in trying to fulfill their dreams. I.E. Joe does it like a gigolo, and Ratso goes to Florida, where, in his opinion, he can regain his health. <br /> <br /> I want to make a few comments about the movie itself. First of all, the acting is excellent, especially the leading one. Although the film is really very sad from beginning to end, there are a few classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that, although they should not be funny, seem funny to me. For example, there is a classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and John Voight walk along a city street, and a taxi almost runs across them. Dustin Hoffman knocks on a taxi and says, “Hey, I go here! I go here! ”I enjoy this scene because it’s so typical of New York where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene in which Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (John Voight) to a guy named O'Daniel. What is funny is that at first we think that O'Daniel is here to recruit a gigolo, and we can understand why Joe is so excited, but then we begin to understand that O'Daniel is nothing more than a religious psycho. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I like the scene in which Ratso and Joe argue in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy clothes attract only homosexuals, and Joe says in self-defense: “John Wayne! You tell me he's a fag! What I like is the delivery in this scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that although MIDNIGHT COUBA was installed in the late 1960s, a lot of this sounds true today. This is due to the fact that, over the past few years, the area around 42nd Street in New York has been cleared in the form of disnofification, homelessness is still as common here as it was 40 years ago. In addition, many people have unrealistic dreams about how they are going to succeed, only so that their dreams can be broken, as is the case with the character of John Voight. What impressed me about the character of John Voight is how he survived, and I felt that at the end of the film he had matured a lot and that Ratso (Dustin Hoffman's character) had a good influence on him. <Br /> <br /> In conclusion, I want to say that I propose to watch this film at least a couple of times, because so much is happening. For example, there are several episodes of memories and dreams that have become clearer to me after several views. In addition, what seems to me interesting is that in this film much remains of interpretation, for example, what actually happened to Joe Buck (John Voight's character) and people who were in his life in Texas. Even the finale, although I do not want to give it to those who have not watched the film, is rather open.
