John Schlesinger’s acidic, relentless and beautiful masterpiece is no less effective today than 35 years ago, when American life was even more disorienting. The film probably could not have been made at any other time in history, because at the end of the 1960s there were so many shocks: the final dissolution of the Great American West, the intensification of the Vietnam War and the clash of social ideals that were Astonishing. <br /> <br /> Midnight Cowboy is widely known as the only Oscar-winning film to be rated X, but much more behind its fame; it also exceeds the norm as a work of art. Although this film (from the novel by James Leo Herlihi) has a lot to say about the erosion of American life, it goes beyond the politics of the 60s, examining hidden bonds of friendship and touching on topics familiar to man in all ages. In fact, the two main characters are standard anti-heroes - men who have nothing to offer, but have something to tell about our world. <br /> <br /> The Midnight Cowboy’s initial trick is a 28-year-old. Joe Buck, a physically impressive Texas native, played by John Voight. In the first scenes, we’ll follow Joe’s bus ride to New York, where he plans to use one of his few genuine talents — the ability to give pleasure to women — and earn a living as a fraud. Upon his arrival, we learn that Joe is ridiculously naive about sex. Dressed in cowboy rags and proclaiming himself to be the “damn stallion,” the young Texan throws himself through his early tricks before entering into a partnership with Enrico Ratso Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly crook and petty thief from the Bronx. Ratso, short, thin and sluggish, proves Joe's little monetary help. They quickly run out of cash, and as life becomes hard in the winter months, Joe and Ratsoe are shaking in a condemned apartment building in Manhattan, barely having a dollar or square meal in their names. It is during this period that a strong friendship develops between them, when both men rely on each other to deal with huge differences. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, Joe recalls earlier years in Texas, including life with his grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who served as guardian; his agonizing relationship with Mad Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were attacked by city dwellers who wanted to break the love affair. For most of its time, Midnight Cowboy combines wild memories, dream sequences and psychedelic images that shed light on the main characters and also distort their background. For every moment of understanding that we receive from Joe and Ratso, more and more questions arise about their lives. Both men, no doubt, in tatters; they have no clear sense of direction, until Ratso fell ill with the disease, and Joe finally felt the goal of life. This revelation pushes the Midnight Cowboy to a conclusion that is very encouraging in a very dark story. <br /> <br /> Although Joe and Ratso really need luck, the leadership of John Schlesinger is clearly marked and uses the coarse atmosphere of the script of Waldo Salt, which allows Voith and Hoffman to flourish. Their interaction looks extremely natural, and the auxiliary cast, which includes Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and members of the Andy Warhol clique, offers herself as an integral part of the storyline. Voigt, Ruth White, and Jennifer Salt are flashbacks of flashbacks in the fight against lost time. <br /> <br /> Any young person interested in the psychedelic era is recommended to watch this film, thanks to the excellent cinematography of Adam Holeander (“The Boy Who Can Fly,” “Smoke”) and the montage of Hugh Robertson (“Mine”). Midnight Cowboy's visual effects work with the soundtrack (compiled by John Barry) as a unit, sometimes anticipating the music videos of the past two decades. Everybody's Talking main song is performed by Nilsson, who was actually used as a temporary track during the editing phase. A memorable harmonica theme is played by Gene 'Toots' Tielemans. <br /> <br /> Midnight Cowboy was released in the MGM / UA edition for collectors on two discs, which contains advanced features and comments. Also available is the 1998 edition DVD (used for this review), which offers dual widescreen and standard format with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound enhancement; subtitles in three languages ​​and subtitles; French dubbing; theatrical reissued trailer (not “original” as advertised); and an eight-page production booklet. Both DVDs contain a 25-year-old restored version of the film, demonstrating its original brilliance. Being worthy of three Oscars (best picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), Midnight Cowboy will definitely take its place in the list of immortal classics. br /> <br /> *** ½ of 4
