Midnight Cowboy starts with Drive In descending to the theater with the voice-over of the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight), singing in the shower. He sings a cowboy song, exactly what he wants. Joe takes his ridiculous life in Texas and moves to New York with a dream of lots of women and even more money. He dresses as the embodiment of a cowboy, but even his friends do not take him seriously in a cartoon-like manner. He begins his journey by bus to New York, and we can quickly see how Joe is weakened by his interaction with other passengers. This is primarily a story about Joe’s realization of the harsh realities of the real world. <br /> <br /> He begins as a very naive southerner, thinking that he can do it in New York only because of his appearance. He has no other reason to think otherwise, since they have been helpful in the past; we learn about it from the many memories that he has. At the beginning, the memories are filmed in such a way that they are portrayed as somewhat bizarre. They are foggy, and voices sound as if they come from a great distance, like they, they come from his past. However, as Joe plunges deeper and deeper into the reality of the harsh atmosphere of New York, we see more of his past, which is no longer bizarre, but sandy, shot in black and white with fast editing to portray the cruel nature of past events . This is especially noticeable in the memories that he and his girlfriend were attacked and raped. In one of these memories, we see a building being destroyed brick by brick. This reflects the way Joe himself falls apart; the naivety he once carried falls from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in poverty and hardly get food; Joe realizes that he cannot live by his appearance, that in New York there is a rough belly, which he could not imagine. His subconscious reflects how his real life unfolds. <br /> <br /> Ratso also serves as a mirror for Joe, but in the opposite direction; Ratso is Joe's foil. Joe is a handsome, strong man who for the most part has a good appearance. Ratso, on the other hand, from the very first time when we see him sitting next to Joe in a bar, we can say that he is opposite. It is low, dark and always covered with sweat. He understands how the world works, what he does not forgive, and sometimes, no matter how hard you try, you will fail; like his father. They live in one world, even in one apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The theme of alienation that characterizes this era is very obvious in this film. , Neither Joe nor Ratso do not fit into the surrounding culture. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to New York where he is still a very stranger. Ratso, who lives in the cold of New York, wants to move to sunny Florida, where, in his opinion, he can find a good life. Despite the fact that this is his ideal, in the fantasy that we receive from the point of view of Ratso, it is obvious that he knows that he will never fit into society. In this fantasy, he is attracted to people living around him, he is again a stranger, alienated from society. <br /> <br /> Not until the end the gap between Joe and Ratso begins to shrink. Joe resorts to violence; he takes on the mentality of this city to get the money to save Florida for himself and Ratso. On the way, we see Joe leaving the store without cowboy clothes, in which he never happens in the rest of the film. He is dressed like someone who looks like they are heading to Florida for a holiday. He dresses Ratso in the same way; he gets tired to fit into the new society into which they are entering, but it is useless. After Ratso’s death on the bus, their fellow travelers again consider them outsiders. Even in this new culture that they have entered into, they cannot escape the alienation with which they meet at every turn in this film. Despite Ratso’s death and Joe’s continued estrangement, the film ends with the hope that Joe will be able to gain his new knowledge of how the world works and create a better life than he would have been in New York. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film, reflecting the harsh realities of society and alienation, with star performances by Voight and Hoffman.
