Midnight Cowboy was never a good movie to begin with, but it's a classic. You know that this is a classic at the moment when its insistent thematic song “Everyone Speaks” begins to sound on the soundtrack (in fact, it is not written for the film) and how the camera introduces us to Joe Buck (naked and in the shower). We have seen John Voight before, but never noticed him, but when he tells us that he is a “damn strange stallion,” who doubts that? It was a great presentation, which had a cult star status, as well as a complete picture of the character, and if Voight had never done anything else, his performance would have been legendary. Since this is Voight, he was rarely disappointed on the screen; even a piece of ham, also cured, as his performance in this glorious nonsense "Anaconda", is a source of pleasure). <br /> <br /> The film became famous and notorious almost overnight. It was a pleasant crowd, (even with its sad ending), funny and sexy and recognizably “real”; (it was the end of the sixties, and all the characters sounded believable). It was also the first X rated film to receive an Oscar as the best picture of the year. Adapted (brilliantly) by Waldo Salt from the novel by James Leo Hurlihi, he was probably the first commercial American movie in the mainstream that touched on such topics as homosexuality and drug use. Every person is recognizable, warts and all that, and all are treated with sympathy. Joe Buck of Voight is an innocent overseas candidate who came to New York in search of happiness as a hustler (a profession that he considers glamorous, not dirty, he is a cross between a gigolo and a social worker). But when he himself is pushed by an untidy, wormy scammer named Ratzo Ratzo (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from the “Graduate” and he is a revelation), he realizes that perhaps the reality is a little different from the pipe - a dream. <br /> <br /> In essence, this is a love story between men (albeit a completely platonic one) between these two highly unlikely friends. Both are completely alone, both absolutely needy, each becomes the protector of the other (Voight with his physical prowess, Hoffman with his street wits). They are losers downstream from the mainstream, tolerant of their own characteristics and deviations of others. Although the "direct" Voight does not go beyond the homosexual meeting at the cinema on 42nd street with a boy, even more lonely than himself. (The entire film shows a strange "Christian" position). <br /> <br /> This is also superbly played. While Voight and Hoffman hold the screen everywhere, there are excellent vignettes from people like Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as from John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as different clients and enthusiastic, well-defined small character studies that seems to go beyond the action. in general, while director John Schlesinger gives the film a sense of a documentary, as well as a completely separate foreigner's view of the American belly without malice and without criticism. If you think, maybe this is a great movie after all.
