This is not exactly a timeless masterpiece, which you hope will be based on the fame he received, but the 1969 Midnight Cowboy is still a powerful showcase for the two young actors who only appeared at that time. Directed by John Schlesinger and screenwriter Waldo Salt, the film seems to be a product of its time, the late 1960s, when American films were particularly expressionist, but it is still fascinating because the story comes down to themes of solitude and connection that resonate regardless of what period. The cinematic influence of the film is still felt in the unspoken emotionality found in Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain. <br /> <br /> A tortuous story follows Joe Buck, a naive young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a hire for rich women. Full of energy, but not having any common sense, he fails, but does not want to yield to defeat, despite his dwindling finances. He meets a cynical, sickly petty thief named Ratso Rizzo, who first sees Joe as a light pawn. They become dependent on each other, and Rizzo begins to rule Joe. It comes to giddiness at a psychedelic drug-filled party, where Joe finally gets a paid client. Meanwhile, Rizzo is getting worse, and they go to Florida in search of a better life. This is not a story that everyone will like, in fact, some may still find it repulsive that the fraudster and the thief turn into pretty characters, but their difficulties seem painfully authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first role, John Voight, ideally, as he reveals Joe's thin paper and deepens sexual instability. Like Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully reveals his clean post-college image from The Graduate and plunges into personal degradation and flickering hope, which act like Joe's strangely compatible counterpoint. The honesty of their image is complemented by the Schlesinger film screening, which vividly reflects the squalor of the Times Square district of that time. The director also effectively inserts a montage of memories and fantasy episodes to fill the character's fragile souls. We must also pay tribute to Salt for the fact that he did not allow widespread cynicism to suppress the pathos of history. Other performances are just random for the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro as the woman Joe meets at the party, Sylvia Miles as the lush matron, John McGiver as the religious fanatic and Barnard Hughes as the lonely outside. . <br /> <br /> The 2006 DVD with two discs contains an intact print copy of the restoration of 1994 and an informative comment from producer Jerome Hellman, because unfortunately neither Schlesinger nor Salt still live. The second disc contains three amazing materials - a retrospective documentary “After Midnight: Reflections on the Classics 35 Years Later”, in which there are comments by Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and relevant archival materials such as the Voith screen test; “Contradiction and Recognition,” which examines the origin of the film’s initial “X” rating and the public’s reaction to the film; and a tribute to the director "Schlesinger Celebration."
