John Schlesinger's Midnight Cowboy is perhaps best known for being the only X rated film in the Academy's history that won an Oscar for the Best Picture. This is how I first learned about this, and, frankly, I did not expect much from the film. This does not mean that I thought it would be terrible, but for some reason I did not consider it a film that I would have liked to watch. This is one of the reasons why you should never trust your own instincts in such manners ?? A wonderful combination of star game, ambitious direction and memorable soundtrack (“Everyone speaks to me, I don’t hear a word of what they say”) makes this film one of the best explorations of life, naivety and friendship of all time released. <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (then newcomer John Voight), proudly dressed as a cowboy rodeo, travels from Texas to New York to look for a new life as a prostitute, male prostitute. However, women do not seem willing to pay money for their services, and Joe is faced with the problem of extreme poverty, as his stock of money begins to dry up. During these exploits, Joe meets with Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a painfully crippled cheater who initially tries to lure Joe out of all his money. When they realize that they are in the same position, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay, and, working together, they try (mostly unfairly) to make a living in the cold, sandy metropolis of New York. Joe convinced himself that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; however, his first such business venture ends up in the fact that he guilty pays a woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Although he may consider himself somewhat clever, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful limp and cough, always convinces himself that if he could only travel to the heat of Miami, somehow everything would be fine. This erroneous expectation that everything will become so easy reminds Lenny and George John Steinbeck's classic novel Mouse and Man. <br /> <br /> Shot mostly on the streets of New York, Midnight Cowboy “A deadly realistic view of life in slums. Watching the movie, we almost feel like a squalid, unheated residence of Ratso, inside, our joints are tense from aching winter cold. Acting, of course, contributes to this ultra-realism, and Voight and Hoffman masterfully portray two decadent remnants of modern society. Hoffman, in particular, is exceptional in his role (I walk here! I walk here! ”), He manages to stay away from being a typewriter after his so commendable debut in 1967 Graduate. Later, both stars were nominated for an Oscar for best male role (Sylvia Miles for a role that could not last more than five minutes) was also nominated for the role of an actor, although both eventually lost to John Wayne in the film Pravda. Grit ". Midnight Cowboy eventually won three Oscars in seven categories, including Best Picture, Best Director for Schlesinger, and Best Scriptwriter for Waldo Solta. <br /> <br /> Midnight Cowboy is mostly linearly narrated, although there are numerous memories that hint at Joe’s past. Instead of explicitly explaining what these short fragments really are, the audience is invited to think about it for themselves, and how these circumstances could lead Joe to the path he is now following. A terribly beautiful final scene leaves us with a glimmer of hope, but with a lot of uncertainty. Sandy, thought-provoking and extremely exciting, Midnight Cowboy is one for ages.
