Horror, perhaps, is one of two genres where logic does not always conquer imagination. We all know that killers like Freddie, Jason, Michael, and even Leatherface should not endure the pain they are experiencing, and still live to fight another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies really rise from the dead to pursue people and eat their brains. And let's hope that at least some people know that when you enter places like Fanhaus and old mansions, unspeakable crimes will not be committed against them. Here the imagination overcomes the fact. The horror and most of the films in general require us to suspend our disbelief for a couple of hours and just go with the flow. This is usually not a problem when I watch the bouncing balls being thrown downstairs in George C. Scott, or when I see an invisible force chasing the three amateur directors in the forest near Burketsville. But I have a problem with digestion (without wanting to regurgitate) when there is a killer in the film, similar to the one in this film. Failure to know who the killer would really be was a huge spoiler, and it would take away all the pleasure of watching it for yourself, but simply enough to say that I really enjoyed this movie right up to the final scene when the killer was revealed. There are too many events in the film to understand that the killer is who he is. But 90 minutes before this point, this is a well-made, tense, blood-soaked film shot by John Howe with skill and ability. If the film offered me another killer, I would really be delighted. This may sound like a completely silly reason to discredit the film, but believe me, anyone who has seen the film will almost certainly agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (beautifully played by Erin Flannery) recently moved to this small town in New England. Cordell is a recent widow, and it is unclear how his wife died. We see several episodes of memories, when a mysterious woman (one can only assume that this is his wife) lies on the ground during a heavy rain. Her face is bloody and her eyes are closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and how she relates to the story, but she’s still there. Cassevetes, it must be said, is strange, if not more. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems a little more than just his parents. There are several scenes that hint at incestuous possibilities. It is never realized, but it seems omnipotent, but somewhere right below the notorious carpet. Fortunately, the film never explores this element of the relationship, but it bothers you a little. <br /> <br /> Casevettes seems like a cross between porn actor John Leslie and the screen of big James Caan. He has a deceptive smile and a lively, commanding voice that makes you sit down and notice. But he also looks like he is going to get naked during a business lunch in every scene. He just has such a slippery, insincere, phlegmatic, difficult lifestyle. He never looks as if he can be trusted in this film. I think this is the merit of the writers, the director and Cassevetes himself. There was always something that bothered me about his character from the very beginning. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a great note: two lovers bathe in a local career. Nearby is an old fragile dressing room, and, as we can see, something or someone is watching them. When a young man disappears for a while to get something out of the truck, a young woman walks into the barn, just to play a trick. As soon as she is there, she is attacked. A young man rushes to the shed to find her, and he is pierced with a plank and a nail. Hough shrewdly puts us on the field to win when a young man enters. He frantically searches the room and notices that his potential lover is bleeding to death in the corner, and then, schmuck, the guy gets it. This is a very tense moment, and the film begins with the right note. <br /> <br /> A young man named Tim, who seems to have strange dreams about a faceless face, also enters the tangled wedding of the story. a woman who is tied up in a torture chamber surrounded by men with cloaks covering their faces. Tim seems to think that his dreams are somehow related to murder, because every time a murder occurs, he has a different dream. Throw a quiet and muddy grandmother, a pathetic woman reporter and a strong, but at the same time harsh local sheriff, and you have everything you need to create an imbroglion in the small town of Galen. In the film, more and more people die, but most of the time men are killed with prejudice, and women are raped. This is my first weak (and cautious) attempt to tell you that this is what left me unconvinced at the denouement. It just didn't hit the right chord. <br /> <br /> Incubus is a well-made film. This is intense, intense, and even most of the speeches are very well done. I was intrigued by Tim’s dreams, and I wanted to find out how important they are to history and, ultimately, to murder. But when you go through everything that was good in the film, you still have that pungent taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet ones. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10-- It could be nine. Very bad.
