If you ever have the opportunity to see Sandra Bernhard live, you better hurry, honey. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of her tour “Everything is bad and beautiful,” and I still can’t believe that I was in the front row and lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal show. She is now in New York with a show, and this coincides with the release of her amazing film "Without You, I Am Nothing." We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simon, but Sandra is still with us. Patty Smith is missing, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to stick her head out from time to time, but Sandra more than makes up for what Babs leaves. Well, I want to know about it, Miss Bernhard - a few of these influential artists and much more. I really wanted to promote this film because of its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (starting from Laura Niro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and the script that defines the decline, joy, sadness, ups and downs of the 70s. and the 80s. In my opinion, many (and I mean, MANY) comics took off, well, just stolen, so much from this show, if not from Sandra herself. I will not give names, but come on, people, you and I know who they are. You see, the fact is that Bernhard plays by his own rules. This film shows, like her live performances, that she is a performer who has stayed true to the old school of show business, and is also moving forward. Her performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs (in the time of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70s TV shows, intimate performances in the cabaret and concerts that remind everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians could not even touch where Sandra was coming from or going. So, a year ago I watched Sandra at the Theater of Silence, in complete fear and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that would mean something to me, hopefully something would mean to her. But I listen to my copy of “Give while it is not painful,” and I just thank her in prayer that she made me laugh, make me think, make me feel. You cannot deny the presence of this lady, and you certainly cannot deny a talent that simply rushes off the stage. She's still here, damn it, even after the release of "Without You, I Am Nothing," about 15 years ago. And by the way, it looks great. I know it firsthand when I was walking out of the theater, one of the spectators said to the other: “She is SO FUNNY ... and she still looks incredible !!! If you still can not see it live, watch this movie. As for me, I really hope that Sandra sees this. You meant a lot to me, helped me through difficult crazy times. If you can send me an email, please do it. If not, knowing that you still write it and I will continue to do it, enough for me. Come on, people, leave it for the lady !!!!
