In the trivia section for Pet Sematary, it is mentioned that George Romero (director of two stories about Stephen King, Creepshow and The Dark Half) was appointed director and then fired. Interestingly, he would bring to the film, because director Mary Lambert, although not a very bad director, does not really bring so much imagination into this adaptation of King’s novel, the script of which he wrote. There are, of course, very effective, grotesque-surrealistic scenes (mostly with the participation of Zelda’s sister, probably more shocks for the children if they see the film), and the role in some roles is completely flawless. But sometimes it seems that something is missing, some style that could correspond to an unmistakably king-like atmosphere, which in this case is as painful as possible, without incestuous cannibals rising from abandoned graves (who knows if he will keep it for his latest novel ...) <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, some of the actors are awesome, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, a little boy who became one of the cute little children on this side of the 80s horror movie to be a little monster (I say this as a compliment, of course, especially in scenes waving a certain scalpel). And there is a juicy supporting role for Fred Gwynn from Munster, who plays this old, secretive man with the right notes of uncertainty and doom in tone. And the applause goes to the person who did the makeup on Andrew Hubacek. But there are some other disadvantages, although in a different casting; Dale Midkiff is good, but not great, as the conflicted, anxious father, Creed, and his daughter Ellie playing an actress who simply does not work for me at all. <br /> <br /> In terms of setting up some stunning scenery, only a couple really stand out: a certain moment of thickening of the plot (not to spoil, this includes the great Ramones song), and the first visit to the family of pets (big), including the kind of mystical overtones that King had in Radiant. For the most part this is a very refined directorial work, although it could be made even darker to fit the script. If we think of this in logical terms (albeit in King terms), then this is indeed one of his most effective works of that period. But this does not add up as it should or should be. However, it makes an elegant little midnight movie.
