Luis Creed, a doctor from Chicago, is moving to a large house near a small town, as he is about to conduct classes at the University of Maine. Together with him, his wife Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as the cat Ellie, Church. Soon they met their new neighbor and an old man named Judd Crandall. Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel about the dangers of the highway that passes by their house (which big trucks constantly use), but also shows the Family a pet cemetery that is located next to their house. Judd begins to talk about the importance of a pet graveyard, but Rachel is against talking about death and spirituality with her children, as she has injuries from the death of her sister Zelda. <br /> <br /> During the first week, the family in the new house, Louis, already has dead people to deal with: Victor Pascoe, a student who was fatally injured in a car accident, personally refers to his dying words Louis although these two strangers. On the night after Pascoua's death, Louis is experiencing what he believes is a very vivid dream, in which he meets Pasco, who leads him to a pet graveyard and warns Louis not to “go outside, no matter how much you feel you need". The next morning, Louis wakes up in bed, convinced that this is just a dream until he finds his legs and sheets covered with dirt and pine needles. In any case, he rejects the dream. Many strange things start to happen, and Church, Ellie's cat, dies while walking on the highway. Louis is still concerned about how he is going to talk about the death of the Church with Ally, but Judd, sympathizing with him, Jude takes Louis to a pet graveyard, presumably to bury the Church. But instead of stopping, Jude leads Louis further on in a frightening journey to the “real cemetery”: an ancient burial ground that was once used by a mikmak (“... by the Indians ...”). There, Louis buries a cat on Jude's orders, and Jude says that the animals buried there have returned to life. And this is where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> Personally, I find this film very good. This is not the worst of all, but this is one of the best horror films I've watched. The way Gage dies is almost impossible to leave in memory, especially as a kid. It's cool to see Stephen King's cameo by the funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some mistakes in the scenario: how can a rich doctor with two young children live in a place where there is a dangerous highway near his house? How does Gage have no scratches or anything else after being hit by a truck? Why does Louis continue to resurrect every member of his family, knowing that they will all remain as monsters? Such things have no meaning, but I can understand that in all the horror scenarios there must be some kind of surreal ideas for work. <br /> <br /> The good thing I saw in this film is to talk about death with children, no matter what religion you have or if you are an atheist, and also that avoiding important things is nothing helps. Due to the fact that Louis was afraid to be honest with Ellie, confronted her and said that her cat would not return, the whole nightmare began.
