"Pet Cemetery" - an adaptation of the eponymous novel by Stephen King. The story follows Credo - an entirely American middle-class family who moves into a house in the village. The family consists of Louis and Rachel, their two young children, Ellie and their youngest son, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family met a strange, but friendly old man Jud, who lives across the road. One day he leads them along the old path to the forest, where a pet cemetery lies - filled with a huge number of animal graves. A little further lies the sacred Indian burial ground, which seems to have a strange power. When the family cat, Church, is killed, Louis finds it appropriate to bury him in the pet graveyard - and, oddly enough, the Church soon returns to life. But now there is something evil in him, he is no longer the cat he used to be. And when an accident takes the life of a young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately, he gets more than he expected. <br /> <br /> After reading Stephen According to King’s novel, I can say that the book is much better than the film. Not to say that the film is bad because it is not so - the book is slightly better. The real strength of this film lies in its history, whimsical, but extremely original, than King’s stories are commonly known. The script is very well adapted from the story, and although it is slightly different in some aspects, it is a pretty good page to screen conversion. Here and there are a few holes in the plot, but nothing special. In addition, this film is actually pretty scary, and he intends to do so. There are some really disturbing scenes in the film, and I must say that the episode of Sister Rachel Zelda’s memories is number one. Honestly, this is one of the most disgusting, disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not horrible and bloody, it's just disgusting. One thing is certain, this image will not leave your head in the near future. <br /> <br /> All the performances in this film were very good, and I really had no problems there. This film is actually on the side of the bloody, there are many unpleasant episodes to please all the bloody hounds, including the final shocker. I really liked how they finished the film, it was sharp and somewhat unconvincing, but it worked better, considering all the circumstances. <br /> <br /> In general, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror film, which I Recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or just fans of the genre as a whole. The story is the greatest value of the film, and it is also terrible. I would say one of the best adaptations of Stephen King. 7/10.
