Sometimes I get tired of reading reviews of some of Hitchcock’s lesser-known films, because almost everyone starts with someone saying that this film is grossly forgotten, or it’s Hitchcock’s hidden gem or real great Hitchcock, or some other common kind of if - only - people - will - look - this - they - will see - this - this - this - the great - Hitchcock's film is the same as - how - dizziness - north - northwest - psycho - rear - window - And so, at the same time, I would just like to say that if - only - people - will - look - this - they - will see - this - this - this is - excellent - Hitchcock's film - just like - very - like - dizziness - north - to north-west - psycho - back window - etc. <br /> <br /> Now that may be a little overrun, Ring is not even a stretch, even in the same league as any of these films, mentioned twice above, but compared to other films shot by Hitchcock in the late 1920s and early 1930s, I I really think that “The Ring” is one of the best photographed and executed films, mostly of all. As an almost new director, there are some amazing episodes from dreams and brilliant editing episodes that show why Hitchcock paid so much attention at the beginning of his career. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film begins, among other things, a very disturbing spectacle of an idiot-black circus (and I use an idiot definitively, as Stephen King often does) when he is thrown at him by eggs and fruit cool white people. I guess this only illustrates how incredibly different such circuses and people were then, but I think this is one of the most unpleasant sequences in any Hitchcock movie I've seen. <br /> <br /> The main attraction in the circus is the fighter claiming that he can shoot down any man in one round, but when he meets his duel, he is against a man who challenges his authority not only in the boxing ring, but and in the ring around the finger of his wife, Thus begins the interesting, if not very tense challenge to the love of one woman, who seems to be swinging from one man to another without effort and thoughtlessly. <br /> <br /> (Spoilers) There is, for example, a scene where her husband watches her from above, when she is taken home late at night, and she is persuaded back to the car just before entering the building to kiss her. This kiss is never explained, and there is also the fact that even at the end, when she is faithful to her husband or, at least, ultimately chooses him, they look into each other’s eyes, but do not actually kiss. <br /> The film is definitely a beautifully photographed picture, even more than a few of the films that Hitch produced in subsequent years. There is also a performance by Gordon Harker in the role of One Round Jack coach, who, with his stone face of expressionism, quite often reminds me of the brilliant Buster Keaton. Hitch leaves it ambiguous, but it is an excellent example of his early work.
