The ring was made from a single script that Hitchcock himself wrote, and, like many of his earlier paintings, deals with a love triangle. At first glance, this looks like a more cynical update of Cecil B. De Mille's moral comedies on the subject of infidelity, but more than that, this is Hitchcock's first truly competent picture. Even if he had not yet used the ideas and motives of disturbing thrillers, at least he was developing tools to create tension. <br /> <br /> Along with the study of the style of German expressionism, the rhythmic editing style of Sergei Eisenstein had an impact on Hitchcock. But here he keeps pace not only with corrections, but also with the content of the images. This is evident from the initial shots where the rotating fairground rides brilliantly set a smooth pace. And like Eisenstein, the editing style seems to offer sound ?? for example, with a flash of a fraction of a second bell that rang, we almost subconsciously hear the sound, because the image is so sharp. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, especially with silent films from the United States, that the Ring is not cluttered with too many title cards. As much as possible is transmitted through images, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to either read lips, or at least to conclude about the meaning of the main part of the characters' speech. And this is not done with the help of invented symbolism or revaluation, all this is done by getting the right angles and the right timing, especially when shooting from the point of view of the review, as well as some strong but subtle performances. Unfortunately, there are too many obvious expressionist techniques (especially double exposures), many of which were superfluous, but far fewer than in The Master. <br /> <br /> Let's make some worthy references for the above actors. First, the stunningly beautiful and very talented Carl Brisson in the title role. Despite his talent, at first I was a little embarrassed about why he got the role, because, frankly, he looks more like a ballet dancer than a boxer! But it only shows, as far as I know, as it turns out that Brisson was actually a professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. For his opponent is played by a competent Ian Hunter, who would continue his career in supporting roles until the 60s. The most demanding role in the "Ring" should be assigned to Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers. However, she is very good at this emotional, discreet performance, and it is a shame that her career never lasted into an era of sounds. Last but not least, the great Gordon Harker provides comic relief in what is probably his best role in history. <br /> <br /> The climate of the Battle of Ring is one of the most impressive moments of Hitchcock’s era of silence. Martin Scorsese may have been following the Ring when he led the battle scenes in Mad Bull, since his slogan for these scenes was “Stay in the Ring.” The fight in the “Ring” begins with fairly regular long shots, but when the action intensifies, Hitchcock throws us right into the center, with close-ups and point shots. Hitchcock’s goal has always been to attract his audience, and this was crucial in his later career, where the secret of his success was often to immerse the viewer into fear or paranoia of the character. <br /> <br /> The ring really deserves more recognition than the younger, but more famous The Lodger. This is a much more refined and professional work than the previous picture, and probably the best of all its quiet features.
