I kind of consider myself a Hidden Frontier # 1 fan because I am one of several fan groups who actually met most of these guys - well, of course, not counting conventions. I have been watching Hidden Frontier since 2001, and I must say that I am still impressed by what these guys have come up with. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is the brainchild of Rob Caves and his self-made studio, Areakt Pictures, which works from the back room of his home. Although it is not as “bizarre” as, say, the new travel series based on TOS (which some actors / writers from the original series sometimes get, such as Walter Koenig, aka Chekhov), Rob and the actors and The HF film crew managed to create a series worthy of replacing the terrible experiment that we called “The Enterprise”. The most controversial and successful arc story was the introduction of Star Trek’s first gay character, Measles Aster (which was introduced in the second season), and his quest to find his soulmate. Somewhere later in the series, he meets Jorian Zen, an Excelsior trill steering officer. In the latest storylines with these two characters (ATTENTION: BASIC SPOILER! Do not read if you haven't watched the show before this point!), Zen joins the exiled symbiote, which causes significant changes and some conflicts in his relationship with Astra. Although the future is unclear - since the last episode of “Beachhead” was shown to HF fans in a chat last night, I think that this relationship will continue, but only time will tell. <br /> <br /> Gene Roddenberry created Star Trek with the intention that the story be more about his characters, and not about bright space battles. Rob Caves created Hidden Frontier for the same reason - and this made this series as popular as he was. As mentioned in the previous comment, I would like to give it a rating above 10, but that will be enough. Although the next season will be the last - continuing the tradition of the seven season shows launched by Star Trek: The Next Generation - I’m willing to bet that we will hear a lot about Hidden Frontier after this final episode.
