As an admirer of the author John le Carré, I gradually made my way through his books and their adaptation. I found this adaptation of the 1987 Le Carr masterpiece in my local library and sat down to see it, thinking that I would know what to expect. I was surprised to find that my expectations exceeded all expectations in this mini-series, the perfect mix between a spy thriller and a human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan plays a magnificent role in the role of Magnus Pym, the ideal spy in the title. Continuing the long tradition of strong protagonists Le Carré, Pim is also possibly the best. Egan plays Pima (who actually contains many shades of the author le Carre) as a person who is forced to lie down and betray his whole life sometimes because of circumstances, and sometimes just to survive, as a result of which he became an "ideal spy." Egan plays Pima to perfection as a person who is always on the run, if not from others, then from himself. Eagan alone makes six hours or so the hours of this mini-series worthy of attention only because of his performance. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a fantastic cast. Ray McEnally gives one of his best ideas as Pima's fraudster, Rick's father, who (as Le Carré said) builds on the author's own father. Macallie plays a man who enters and exits Pym’s life and is one of those responsible for making Pym the “perfect spy”. In fact, if it had not been for a year after McAnnelli’s speech in “A Very British Coup”, this would have been the best performance in his, unfortunately, too short career. <br /> <br /> The rest of the support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard as his spy mentor to Rüdiger Weygang as young Pym's friend, who turned the controller to Jane Booker as Pym's wife, the cast is fantastic. Particular mention should be made of the three young actors who played the younger Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Hayley and Benedict Taylor) who set up a young man who will become the kind of person Peter Egan has played so well. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​of the miniseries are also strong. Adapting mini-series Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People has proven that these stories can only be told in the format of mini-series. Places other than English to those scattered throughout Eastern Europe and the United States, like the sets of Chris Edwards. Cinematography by Elmer Kossi adds an extra layer of realism to the world of miniseries. And yet the highlight of the mini-series really is the script. <br /> <br /> Scriptwriter Arthur Hopkraft did an excellent job with adapting the sixty-page novel. The novel was largely (at least in its earlier parts) autobiographical in that Pym's early life repeated most of John Le Carré’s life. The scenario for this mini-series is no exception, as it traces the development of Magnus Pym from a little boy to an "ideal spy." Not once has the miniseries deviated from its goal - to talk about the beautiful human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If someone wants proof that the spy thriller can be tense and exciting, without a single shootout, fist fight, or chase in the style of James Bond, this will be proof. Although the mini-series lasts more than six hours, he never wastes a minute, and so much the better for him. <br /> <br /> Although for some who do not have very short attention intervals, it may be too long, I must see. From the performances of Peter Egan and Ray Macanally to beautiful production values ​​and the excellent literary script “The Perfect Spy” is one of the best mini-series that you can see. This is a fascinating journey through the history of the Cold War, but that's not all. This is also a trip to what John Le Carré called the “secret path”: the path of a spy — a man who must lie and betray in order to survive. The same human drama as the spy thriller “The Perfect Spy” should not be missed.
