I have the entire Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD (fully restored editions), and I never get tired of watching them. My personal favorite is “Tarzan and his assistant,” entirely (well, almost completely) because of Maureen O'Sullivan’s costume and occasional flashes of her genitals under this leather flap hanging in front. Before someone says that A - it wasn't her or B - It's not quite what it looks like, let me say that I watched it many times in large zoom mode and believe me ... it is she And she is completely naked under this costume ... several times, especially during the attack of the lion at the end, careful viewing in slow motion and maximum zoom will show that she was shaved, except for a tiny shred of dark hair covering her labia .. There is no mistake. As for the swimming scene, which is a double body in a “leather” suit, yes, it is a double one, BUT it DOES NOT wear any “leather” costume or anything else ... again, the slow motion and maximum zoom show all those who wants to see it. Now, this contradiction, let's move on to the film itself ... I thought the script was really well thought out and carefully written ... The sequences of actions were just great, although this is obviously a stuntman riding a rhino, Weissmuller is actually fighting with a big male lion ... Using background images, which were the second material for units from Africa, goes very well with the studio and American locations, which sometimes makes it difficult to determine which one. Although don't complain too much, remember that 90% of ALL films are fake anyway, so just relax and enjoy the damn thing with a large bowl of popcorn, some cold beer and a fresh wad of smoke ... sexy and ready girlfriend / wife is also not aside ... laughs. Oh ... The last word on nudity ... at the very beginning, while the white hunters are talking to each other, keep an eye out for additional materials ... there are some good pictures of naked African girls (obviously, in place) behind them. One more thing, the film is not racist by the standards of the 1930s until the 1960s ... that's exactly what the people of color thought and portrayed. At that time, they did not even think about the mine, and the audience would not have taken their other images at that time in history. The safari actually used the natives with luggage on their heads ... and Tini’s character died a heroic death, trying to save the white hunters and Jane. In fact, it was only when Gene Autry treated Native Americans and people of color in their Westerns as real people that Hollywood began to understand that this was normal.
