Tarzan and his partner (1934) were the only Tarzan movie that I did not see when I was a child. It sounded boring. Now I saw it. I have seen a monkey man (1932) about a hundred times, and I have a copy on the disc. This is a wonderful movie. It is almost flawless. Tarzan and his assistant (1934), however, hesitate. It is not harmonious, and its parts, as a rule, live their own lives. The parts themselves are often very good, and the sequence of actions is excellent. Big budget dear. Tarzan himself plays the main role. Jane dominates. She developed and became such a sexy girl in the jungle that I tend to forget about criticism and sing praises to her instead. Well. She allowed her to be deceived by the shard, who stole a kiss from her, and then killed an elephant. She insists that Tarzan wear a bracelet that belonged to her father. Forever and ever. This thing split into pieces as soon as he went about his business in the jungle. Stupid? Later, someone found him in the river. Well, that should prove that Tarzan is dead. Some cheap drama. Worms, who are clearly interested in dead Tarzana, convince Jane that he is no more. She takes their words for granted and wants to be taken away (to England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how powerful Tarzan is, how hard it is to kill him. The caravan leaves and Jane goes. Again pothole. She could easily make a caravan for several hours or more to take a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband. She can be smart. She could dive to where the floating bracelet was found, check the banks for traces. She can start a fire in 15 seconds and swing in Liana. Finding traces should not be too difficult for Jane jungle. She could talk to monkeys and so on. If she returns home to England without doing this, she will become unhappy. Jane is smart, but the cheap drama confuses her. And why would she let the rapist kiss the hand: "I blame myself just like you." Perhaps this is a punishment for being a liar? Nonsense. Fight, slap and speak to Tarzan would be appropriate. Still. This film is far from bad, even if there are many potholes and sometimes deep ones. Just lean back and enjoy. For Tarzan and Jane.
