This magnificently directed fantasy is second in the popular and flawed Tarzan series, released by MGM. I believe that this is a first-class adventure for many reasons - beautiful photography, strong imaginative qualities, amazing cast, good locations with imitations of the jungle and a very exciting storyline. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, of a monosyllabic, unexplored genus, unlike Edgar Rice Burroughs; but he is honest, loyal, courageous and very courageous, and he needs to be during this narration. Like Jane Parker, his wife, who was Jane Porter in novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and alive, and also athletic, when the script demands such quality. The effect of lighting spacious and smart headsets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure, shot in the background MGM, which really works. Fairy Tale Mutir Escarpment is a remote region that allows Tarzan and Jane to live in peace; but in their idyll come people searching for them, emissaries of the civilization left by Jane and in which Tarzan cannot be comfortable to live. One of them is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who with her friend tempts her to return to civilization with him; dress and perfume interest her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan has to protect her from several wild animals, in scenes that look like the humanized king of a king. The group claims to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan sake of large game for the sake of Jane; but at some point the idea of ​​ivory and getting the state turns the minds of the expedition. Tarzan shot dead, left for death; and the group forces Jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow a dying elephant to the fabulous "cemetery of elephants." But they find an area guarded by a wild tribe, and attack lions. Tarzan rides an elephant, which he revived in time; in the most exciting scene filled with elephants, he rescues Jane and what remains of the expedition, which is returning home a little richer, but much wiser, as Jane continues her wild idyll with a new husband. The film was shot by master set-design Cedric Gibbons, and also quite beautiful. His work and coverage are the outstanding achievements of this entertaining and exciting film, which manages to seem real, despite all its Hollywood flaws from beginning to end. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavan is even better before and after he shows that he is completely bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry are very professionally completing a small cast. Unusual and well-implemented fantasy film with interesting situations and strong dialogues. Featured.
