“Tarzan and his assistant,” the second of Tarzan’s paintings by MGM, is released a year after the events of “The Monkey Man Monkey”. Tarzan and Jane live happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the freight forwarders in the first film) returns, this time accompanied by the less honorable Martin Arlington, in search of ivory from an elephant cemetery. Naturally, a variety of dangerous and exciting adventures take place along the way. <br /> <br /> The first film romanticized everything - jungle, adventure, romance itself, wild animals and even death. In the second film there is still a lot of romance and a lot of great action films, but the action is based on a more serious tone. Characters dare to ask questions such as: What if something happens to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she were alone in the middle of the jungle and she had to stand up for herself? Although it is likely that there are questions that real people will ask in this situation, it creates a certain gloom, which is not always as fun as the attitude of the original to the “caution to the wind” throwing. <br /> <br /> One of the most enjoyable aspects of this film is the growth that we see in the relationship of Tarzan and Jane. Tarzan still speaks very broken English, but he clearly learned a few new words from his friend. In addition, their love for each other really blossomed, and we feel that they really spent a year together in the jungle. <br /> <br /> Most people think that Tarzan and his assistant are superior to the original Tarzan the Monkey Man. Personally, I liked the first film a little better. The main reason is that the relationship between the team of Harry Holt and Martin Arlington not as pleasant as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original. Mr. Arlington's character could be a great villain in a movie, but he plays a hero too much of a movie. The movie can never decide whether we like it or hate it. (Also, I do not want anything but in one of the scenes where we must clearly hate him, Jane will never know about these events, so the final is not as happy as it could be.) However, all these opponents are relatively minor, and this is still a great movie. < br /> <br /> As in the first film, “Tarzan and his companion" have amazing action films, beautiful shots from the wild and one of the screens. The greatest romances of all time. If you liked the first film in the series, this is definitely continuation to see.
