With Iphigenia, Mihaly Kakoyannis is probably the first director who successfully brought to the screen the feeling of an ancient Greek theater. His own script, an adaptation of the tragedy of Euripides, was far from easy compared to the other two films of the trilogy, which he shot. The story was very thoroughly deconstructed from the Euripides version and placed in a logical, strictly chronological structure, better suited to modern cinematic story-telling methods. Kakoyanis also added some characters to his film that are not in the tragedy of Euripides: Odyssey, Kalhas and the army. This was done in order to clarify some of the provisions of Euripides regarding the war, the Church and the government. Finally, “The End of Iphigenia” by Kakoyanis is somewhat ambiguous compared to Euripides. ” <br /> <br /> The film was shot in Aulis. Giorgos Arvanitis, the director of photography, shows us a harsh but beautiful Greece, where, starting from Homer's time, it seems that time has stopped. He takes advantage of bodies, arid land, ruins, intense light and darkness. The sharpness of the landscape is especially suited to the souls of heroes. The camera uses the full range of available images, from very long, reinforcing the vastness and desolation of the landscape, as well as the human scale, to extreme close-ups, dissecting and exploring the soul of the characters tormented. In particular, the opening of the film, with a bold, accelerating shot trail along the line of boats pulled out to the shore, accompanied by an aerial view of many thousands of soldiers sluggishly standing on the beach, is a very effective means of reporting the amazing political and military actions of Agamemnon. a responsibility. <br /> <br /> Not a single word, except “exalted,” can describe the stunning performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irina Pappas (Clytemnestra) and Tatyana Papamosha (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Pope embody the greatness of the Greek tragedy. The character of Kazakos is extremely mundane, and his powerful gaze into the camera, more than his words, shows incredible anguish tearing at his soul. Irene Papas - the modern quintessence of classical Greek plays. In Iphigenia, she is terrible in her agony, and even more so for what we know will be her revenge. Tatiana Papamoska, in her first role on the screen, is outstanding in her portrayal of an innocent Iphigenia, which contrasts with the stern depiction of Kazakos of her father, Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Kakoyanis is faithful to Euripides in his view of other characters: Odysseus is a cunning, cunning politician, Achilles, vain, narcissist warrior, Menalai is selfish, obsessed with his honor, eager for revenge and restore his wife and property. <br /> Costumes and decorations are realistic: there is no Hollywood. The quarters of Agamemnon resemble a barn, he dresses, like the others, in utilitarian, simple handmade clothes. The royal caravan of Clytemnestria consists of roughly hewn wooden carts. <br /> <br /> The music is written by contemporary music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Evaluation of Theodorakis enhances the dramatic and cinematic development, reflects the psychological aspect of the tragedy and emphasizes its scope and relevance. <br /> <br /> This film and the story he tells offer a significant insight into the lost world of the ancient Greek thought that it was a crucible for most of our modern civilization. He teaches us a lot as individuals, as well as social and political beings. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism in comparison with the simple virtues of family and love and reflects on the vulnerable position of women in the world of men's violence. In his adaptation of the tragedy, Euripides Cacoyannis again addresses all these topics in a modern, clear and dramatic way. <br /> <br /> The relationships governing political frauds are clearly demonstrated: war corrupts and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither the individual nor the group can no longer function normally. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor was tarnished by the escape of his own wife with her lover, everyone else has his own personal motivation to go to war with Troy, which has nothing to do with Helen: lust for power (Agamemnon), greed (army, Odyssey ) or fame (Achilles). And in this sense, Helen became a weapon of the Trojan War. The war, devoid of all the Homeric charm and religious sanctions, was merely an imperialist undertaking, primarily caused by a desire for material gain, and everything else was a convenient excuse. <br /> <br /> Another conflict that emerged in the film is between church and state. Calchas, who represents the Church, feeling challenged to his priestly authority and wishing to destroy Agamemnon for insulting the goddess he serves, orders him to sacrifice his daughter. By accepting the sacrifice, the king approaches his moral destruction, but, by refusing, loses his power over the masses (his army), whom the religion brainwashes. Of course, for Agamemnon this is a game. The king must go along with the charade, regardless of whether he truly believes in gods or not, until he realizes it is too late that he lured himself into committing a mean murder. <br /> <br /> Is this a victim or a murder, and how can we tell the difference between them? By focusing on the violent and primitive horror of a human sacrifice — and, worst of all, the sacrifice of one’s own child — Euripides / Kakoyanis creates a drama that is both deeply political and painfully personal. It addresses the most complex and delicate ethical problem facing any society: the terrible conflict between the needs of man and society. However, in the case of Iphigenia, as in the biblical account of Abraham and Isaac, the father is asked to kill his own child with his own hand. What God will insist on such a payment? Can it be just or moral, even if it is inspired by God? Finally, is the sacrificial death of a daughter different from the death of all sons and daughters sent to war? This is a lot of deep questions raised by a two-hour film.
