Ruth Snyder - The murder of Judd Gray in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway play called Machinal. Moreover, it inspired James M. Kane to write two short novels with which everyone who actually reaches the point when they read this review would be familiar - “Double refund” and “The postman always calls twice.” Both became classics of noir in the films of the 1940s, and “Double Indemnity” was perhaps the most perfect work of noir in history. Cain captured some of the real elements of Snyder Gray’s story — Albert Gray’s old age and indifference, Ruth’s strong sexual attraction, Ruth’s and Judd’s passionate romance and complicity in murder, as well as this famous double-indemnity insurance clause. Missing elements included the fact that in fact it was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder was a respected newspaper editor. Numerous incompetent and unsuccessful attempts were also ignored in order to shorten the chase. <br /> <br /> Cain's double refund was perfectly filmed by Billy Wilder - let's ignore the ridiculous Stanvik wig as one of those interesting accidents in movie history! “The postman always calls twice,” but he was filmed three times, and the Italian version of the Ossession and the first film by Luchino Visconti were the first of the three versions. Before commenting on this, I recommend the 1946 Lana Turner version of Jon-Garfield as a whole and the five-minute version of Jack Nicholson-Jessica Lange in 1981 for a great sex scene on the dinner table. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as noisy as "The postman always calls twice." It has a strong neo-realistic look that makes it a great film, but many essential elements of the noir are missing. He has no discreet lighting and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not hard-boiled, and instead the film concentrates more on characterization. This is the longest version of the story that fits deep into the specifications. It's also much more sexy than Lana Turner's version. We have very obvious adulterous relationships, and Giovanna is obviously a nympho. A new character has been introduced into the plot - La Spagnola - with very obvious homosexual overtones. There is also a small, but very well played role for a dancer who earns money as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger study of the working class than the crime. The audience really feels a sense of poverty and dirt. The tramp is a complete tramp; his wife is not Lana Turner and may even have been married before the wedding. Her husband is an indecent capitalist — fat, rough, and arrogant. I think the casting was brilliant for this film. My only beef with a long time work. Everything is drawn out too long, and it would be more efficient if it were more economical. Nevertheless, fans of noir and realism will definitely like Ossessione, as well as me.
