Well, I heard from somewhere that Ossessione is the forerunner of the Italian cinema genre and my favorite “Jallo” ... but in fact, apart from the fact that it is a thriller made in Italy; two are irrelevant. In the sixties and seventies, Italian filmmakers gained a reputation as the robber of almost every American film produced. They did not do this here, but Ossessione follows almost the same story as the later American film “The Postman, Always Calling Twice,” not paying tribute to the author of the book, James M. Cain! Anyway, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a handsome drifter who stumbled upon a cafe where a woman named Giovanna Bragana works. He soon learns that she is married to Giuseppe; a big fat annoying man whom Giovanna cannot even touch her. He wants them to escape together, but she doesn't really like this idea. However, fate intervenes, and her plan to kill her husband is successful ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses its credibility to the author, whose story is based on him, he must have to say that director Lucino Visconti realizes the style of the film noir well, and in a sense I even prefer the atmosphere of this film to some big American noir-classics. History, as one would expect, is extremely strong, and Visconti manages to achieve good results from its composition. Visconti pulls the film a bit too much, however, and with a duration of almost 135 minutes, I felt that the story was too thin to justify such a duration. I almost feel guilty for having leveled all this criticism at Ossessione, since this is a good film, but this is not a “great” movie. The relationship between the two main characters is never properly explored, and it seems that the film seeks to distract us from this, and not to let us into the heads of the characters. There are not so many mysteries in the plot, since we almost always know what is happening, and we do not always focus on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it could be. However, it does make for an interesting viewing and is recommended for this reason ... although it is not as good as the 1946 version of the same classic James M. Cain.
