The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN in 1932 caused a sensation. It may be hard to believe 70 years later, but the film had the same impact as The Matrix or The Lord of the Rings, at a time when films and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became a real pop icon, the “noble savage” that every woman dreamed of, and every man wanted him to be like that. The only person dissatisfied with the situation was Edgar Rice Burrows, who, although he agreed to the creative freedom of MGM and enjoyed his impressive royalty checks, felt a “stupid” version of his character (without plans to let him Grow ') was wrong with his vision (he founded a production company and soon began making his own films ("Tarzan"). MGM, realizing the value of its newest "star", knew that the sequel must be even more spectacular than the original ... and TARZAN AND HIS MATE have set! <br /> <br /> The film had an interesting background story; Cedric Gibbons, the legendary art director of MGM, received a commitment from the studio to lead the sequel before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, despite the fact that he had never filmed before (the studio did not expect the impact of the film and did not think that the film "new" ... and they wanted their Oscar-winning head of the department to be pleased). Gibbons, a strikingly talented and creative visual artist, loved Hollywood's freedom to Code and decided that TARZAN AND HIS MOTHER “pushed the envelope” to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would frolic in nude swimming, and Jane would appear TOPLIS for most of the movie . Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death, in 1998, that although the twin was used for swimming, she trusted the studio and filmed a "couple of days" of filming without top ... but it became too much of a headache trying to put the plants and fruits to block her nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the film made in those days would have cost a fortune!), she really made a nude silhouette scene in a tent, flashed her breasts and completed her “swimming” and put on the corrected jungle costume, Otori has been extremely provocative, very thin, and open on the sides ... and the resulting scream would help to "create" Hays office and self-censorship, which will soon engulf the entire industry. <br /> <br /> MGM pulled Gibbons out of production (the “official” reason was his workload as art director), and veteran Jack Conway was listed as a new director to calm down critics ... although James S. McKay He actually made the film, as Conway was busy on 3 other projects, including VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The film included the best elements of the original (safari, killer tribes, Tarzan, fighting the jungle beasts to death to save Jane), and actually improved storytelling. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) from the first film returns to Africa for ivory from "The Cemetery of Elephants" and tries to seduce Jane to return to England with gifts from silk dresses, underwear and perfumes. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Kavan), a joker and an avid womanizer who scoffs Holt's knightly persecution of Jane, and pursues her as a potential "conquest" that can be obtained by any means (including killing Tarzan, if and when he can get off with hands remaining unnoticed). <br /> <br /> Tarzan barely tolerates his happy life with Jane and lowers his leg, refusing to let the hunters into the cemetery. Arlington finds his opportunity, having caught the Monkey alone, and shoots him, and then returns to the camp with a fabricated story of his death. Now, Jane has no reason to remain in the jungle, and she can send them to the cemetery before her long journey back to England, comforted by such sympathetic Arlington. But a wild tribe and heinous tortures are waiting for the group ... can Tarzan, whom his family of monkeys have brought back to him, recover in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> While the stock footage is again widely used by the racial stereotypes of the 30s, the gorillas are obviously actors in the costumes of monkeys, TARZAN AND HIS MALE reach a level of sophistication that is unsurpassed in any other film. Tarzan ", as well as sexuality, which even the blatantly erotic Tarzan of Bo Derek could not touch the DEFENSE MAN. Johnny Weissmuller was in excellent physical condition, Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful, and “Africa” never looked more romantic and dangerous. <br /> <br /> TARZAN AND HIS MOTHER have been a triumph (although it will be radically edited for many years) and remains a classic of the series to this day!
