This film is the robbery of the novel by James Kane "POSTMAN ALWAYS TWICE THE RINGS". Apparently, the director and producer never bothered to pay for the rights to this story - perhaps the fact that we were at the center of the battles with the Italians in World War II could explain their oblivion with fees! Despite this, the film is not really just an Italian version of a Hollywood film. In a sense, this is much better, but in others it is definitely not so. <br /> <br /> The three main characters in this film are really rather ugly people. In fact, male and female lovers are a bit unsightly. Male leadership is rather ordinary, with the exception of his abundant body hair (especially on the back and shoulders), and his love of a lady is, frankly, unattractive. They are very, very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the ill-fated husband is really very obese and loves to walk without a shirt - and his colleague in the American film Cecil Kellaway definitely looks better (and probably looks better than the other two Italians, in fact). And this unattractiveness, as a rule, is the reason why I actually preferred the Italian film - since I simply could not imagine a finely chosen “plate” like Lana Turner, who in the middle is not married to Kellaway — I am 100% sure that she would have dozens of the best deals! Considering that the Italian wife, frankly, could not have done much better, and this made the marriage really believable. <br /> <br /> The credibility of the Italian film stems from a rough approach to sex. The disinfected American film is trying to convince you that, although Turner and Garfield are killing Kellaway, in fact they never have sex! This is pretty stupid and completely unreal. In addition to the casual sexuality of the film, he also quite naturally demonstrates the seamy side of life - with lots of sweaty people, a strip of flies hanging over the kitchen table, and everyone seems to need a bath. <br /> The film is also developing quite rapidly compared to an overly long American film. And what you get for brevity is not all good. The film lacks the style and polishing of an American film - with more grainy frames, relatively poor orchestration and scenery. This is certainly not a pretty movie, but the style, similar to the neorealistic one, makes the film more realistic. But this can not compensate for the short path in the plot. Many of the plot elements in the later American version are either completely missing or obscured. And the final seems much less interesting than the American film - and it misses the whole dilemma of human nature when Turner and Garfield turn to each other like rats (the best part of the American film). <br /> <br /> So which movie is better? Well, a lot of it probably depends on you. As for me, the film “Warner Brothers” was just too sharp and too unrealistic (although many people like this style and may not like watching movies with subtitles), but it gave a great ending. And the Italian film was much, much more realistic - to a crappy finale that seemed too urgent. So none of these films are great, but I would rather give Italian. It is a pity that they could not combine the best elements of both films into one exceptional film.
