Today, viewers will likely watch a film similar to Osession, and will not think about how unprecedented it was at the time when it came out. The structure of the film really breaks away from the reckless Hollywood conventions, as well as from other major theatrical elements. It relies more on portraying reality in a very dark and sober light. Films of this kind - neorealist films - were created to reflect the darkness that was felt in the days after World War II. Ossessione solves some rather provocative problems that probably were not visible on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. In addition to a single shot of a crane and some musical unrest, the film’s aesthetics are very rough and sandy. : filmed on the spot, using natural light and, most likely, unpopular actors. All these elements helped to convey the problems studied in the film, and gave the following topic: "Negative karmic consequences will haunt those who intentionally act immorally." <br /> <br /> Two roles: Gino and Giovanna - polar opposites. And yet both carry the mentality: we are bored and we want to be entertained. Gino is a tramp; a lone traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored housewife, held together by familiar family constancy: she does not want to leave her home and husband, but would prefer to stay where she is, because it is safer. Gino's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle that Giovanna craves; the only difference is that she herself is too afraid to live like that, so she falls in love with Gino: he personifies everything she wants, but she lacks courage. She wants to live in a world free from the monotony of life with her obese husband - Gino - the perfect ticket to this world. The thing that happens between the two most likely left viewers back in the 40s is felt somewhat uneasy. I mean that films before the era of neo-realism have never shown such scandalous behavior on the screen before. At the very least, this was probably a bit disturbing. <br /> <br /> In combination with the theme, neo-realism style helps to show the negative consequences of adulterous behavior. Simply put, adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depressive and eventually dying lives. When Gino and Giovanna conspire with each other to “destroy” Giovanna's husband, Karma pursues them like a plague after the deed is committed. They return to their home: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as one would expect from a neorealist style). They are not happy; they are actually more depressed. They thought that by destroying Giovanna's husband, they would live happier, but they were deceived. The film ends with the death of Giovanna, in the karmic image of the death of her husband. I think this is a very pleasant ending for several reasons. That's why. <br /> <br /> They say a lot about whether evil should be displayed on the screen, and if so, to what extent. I think that depicting evil is very necessary if and only if the depicted evil is not glorified, but rather shows what negative consequences evil actions have. How does the subtext Ossession ask, is treason and murder evil? I think the film eagerly answers yes! The adultery between them shows how unhappy they are. Ironically, by the end of the film, when they seem to have healed from depression and notice that they warm themselves in each other’s arms in the car, the author of the film shows that their happiness is, in fact, the facade: the car falls off a cliff and the river, killing Giovanna; the police arrested Gino. I think the author wanted to say that, although people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, in the end karma will come back to haunt them. I agree. I think these two got what came to them because they were both incredibly selfish - they always wanted immediate satisfaction and did not want to endure difficult times. This became especially clear after the first signs of difficulties that Gino and Giovanna encounter in their relationship: he cannot withstand the pressure of life in the shadow of Giovanna's husband, so he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. This is typical of an insatiable, hedonistic person. <br /> <br /> In general, the film seemed very risky for its time. The audience, however, was ready to watch such a film because of the sobriety brought by the war. These prewar, happy films were no longer believed. Cinema viewers were ready to see and view complex films with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were confused in the so-called “sin”, because it was a reflection of their own life problems. Ossessione, therefore, acts as an excellent catalyst for where the future of the film is heading. That is, it can be said that the many works of naturalism that we see today were influenced by the neorealist cinema movement.
