When people nowadays hear about the drama of the 1940s, they tend to create a distance of irony, claiming that this is another tearful person with great stars at the head of tragic, melancholic roles. This opinion, however, does not resemble neorealist films, in particular, this film directed by Count Lucino Visconti. OSSESSIONE, as its debut, was once censored, and once valued as an almost realistic masterpiece, is still loved by some people and sharply criticized by others. The controversial opinions about the film that have appeared over these 65 years, apparently, were caused by the content of the film itself, which is extremely controversial for both modern times and the past. At the same time, although the POSTMAN film ALWAYS HAPPENS according to the novel by James M. Kane, it is one of the most authentic adaptations when the director stays in his own style, look, his art. I saw the film twice, and the second viewing led me to a very detailed analysis, some of which I would like to describe below. <br /> <br /> Firstly, the Visconti film seems to affect all the psychology and actions that people can perform in life, in particular those that are absorbed in desire. These people make such tragic decisions, despite the terrible consequences that they have to face. Gino (Massimo Girotti), a “bear-shouldered traveler,” appears at the crossroads of the highway near Ferrara and enters the tavern. Although many people come there to eat, Gino gets something more - much more: the tireless desire of the beautiful Giovanna (Clara Kalamai) - a woman who has already married an elderly man who runs the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragan (Juan de Landa)). Her body and her song completely take possession of his mind, and from the moment of their first love the couple plans to get rid of the old obstacle and build a new life together ... However, people are connected with wrong actions in the face of desire? Is it possible to build love on murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does wanting lead to dangerous addiction or even possession? Such questions arise intensively while watching a movie, when the viewer, in essence, is given an idea of ​​the characters. “We should love each other affectionately,” Giovanna replies, seemingly healing a weeping conscience, but can the willing love justify and heal everything? “Isn't that what we both wanted,” says one spouse ... it happens that this is not the case. Therefore, the content of the film seems very dangerous, if not to analyze it with the mind and heart. However, it constantly makes you wonder. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that speaks to modern audiences: brilliant moments and amazing cinematography, which are combined with memorable episodes and visual power. This makes the modern viewer to understand that the film, shot almost 70 years ago, is absolutely interesting to watch. They range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical shots. Who can miss this moment in Ferrara, where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a kind of "Ragazza Perfetta" (beautiful girl), dancer Anita and buys her ice cream. His desires show him a completely different direction ... Is the audience indifferent at the first meeting of Gino-Giovanna? The first focus of the camera is on Giovanna's legs, apparently representing the carnal desire before the love Gino feels. The miracle of the shot is that Gino and Giovanna leave the investigation room, and their shadows, which draw our attention to their suspicious eyes. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, OSSESSIONE boasts outstanding performances from both the lead couple and the cast. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that the work in this film was one of the most difficult works he had ever done; however, therefore, an impeccable game is obtained. He portrays a bisexual man, torn by desires, who commits a crime, but cannot endure any of the objects that remind him of his sacrifice, which is a conscience. His bisexuality is indicated by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), whom he meets in very surprising circumstances on a train to Ancona. Clara Kalamai, played in this role after the outstanding Anna Magnani refused, is very well suited for this role, and we can say that there is real chemistry in the couple. They are both very convincing. In addition, I liked Juan De Lang in the role of Bragana: he portrays an old husband who does not love his wife and is still crazy about high art. At some of his most witty moments, he asks his wife to wash his back or stroll through the empty streets, singing his favorite opera songs after a kind of karaoke. <br /> <br /> In general, we, as modern viewers who are capable of a critical eye, should look at this film very objectively. This art, of course, thanks to the aforementioned aspects, is also a powerful story due to the contradictions it brings; yet, is it educational? Visconti was not Fellini, who said that he did not carry any message for mankind. In this case, his films will only be entertained (which, of course, is also not entirely Fellini’s style). Visconti always had something to convey. What did he want to say here? A film against a bad marriage? Or is it against the wrong actions of people absorbed in desire? The last shocking moments speak for themselves. Although you don’t need to go along with this concept, OSSESSIONE is a truly amazingly realistic film, one of the best in Visconti 8/10.
