Ossessione, poorly adapted (or, if he is so free or close to the version I saw in “The Postman, who always calls twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange” by James M. Cain, I can’t be sure), for the first time there’s no less prominent with mis-en-scene, music (both diet and non-diet) and acting. I did not know what to expect from Visconti in his approach to the material, after I saw La Terra Trema and saw how his political motives sometimes sneak up a little. But this drama is completely based on character and emotion, bordering on melodrama (however, without conventions that are tied to less), and with style on the best way to begin a cinematic movement, Visconti creates a debut in which they participate like any other neorealistic film. By the way, one can rightly say about neo-realism that he is the progenitor (along with "De Children" are watching us "), which will take shape after the war. Although love and romance are more important here than in some of the more well-known neorealist efforts, they are viewed in the naked way of telling stories and permeated with other familiar themes in neorealism (lower class, death). , despair). <br /> <br /> In addition to the story described on this site, the skill with which Visconti captures images and then superimposes them on objects (a scarf over Gino Costa’s profile). when in wine), shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many of the later scenes in the film (usually over Gian and Giovanna), and the feel of Italian streets in many external scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who will shoot some of the films of Rossellini and Fellini) help to imagine the appearance of the Asession, which usually approaches the character, and then stops to read so many emotions on their faces, their voices and manners, beautiful and ugly, sad dark and romantic. I think I just scratched the surface about how effective it was that the film itself pushed me forward, despite the fact that I was afraid of the future of two passages. The two main characters (Massimo Girotti and Clara Kalamai) depict all the irresistible, true and almost operatic emotions, and the key actors also have no attributes. <br /> <br /> This is a brilliant, crushing adaptation, and it points to a clear sign of what should have happened to Visconti in his career.
