Blimey! You could watch such a movie ten times and still enjoy its nuances. Absolutely incredible! If this was the debut film of Visconti, I would have thought what would happen if he gets better from film to film. The only thing I saw (at the time of writing this article) was “Death in Venice”, which was absolutely unbelievable: visually more dazzling than Ossessione (Obsession). One of the most beautiful films I've ever seen, but his story was not as exciting as Ossessione. If you click "Miscellaneous" on the links on this page, there will be footage from the movie on these sites. They will not truly pay tribute to the impressions of the film: such elegant camera movements, such a beautiful composition, such wonderful faces, such amazing characters, such a wonderful development story, the first film adapted from the James M. Cain film “The Postman Rings Twice. <br /> <br /> I cannot believe that this was done at 43, eight years before Brando had to present a realistic game of the world with the help of the Named Desire tram (1951). The actors in this may not have used the method of the method, that is, they may not really have felt everything directly (I know nothing about it) —but they are some of the best, most authentic and realistic acts before this date in the cinema. In addition, eight years before the Named Desire tram brought new erotica to the screen, Ossessione was amazingly sensual! The most sensual thing from the beginning of the movie! Yes, I am superb, but Ossessione was just awesome. <br /> <br /> The reason Ossessione did not affect the tram was that it was made in fascist Italy and banned by Mussolini, and re-cut in America. The American audience did not see him as full of glory until the age of 59, eight years after the tram. <br /> <br /> I will not talk about this anymore - I’m just writing to tell you that he is one of the best, most beautiful and exciting. Movies I've ever seen and tell you to go out and watch it! Like another reviewer, I'm going to buy it as soon as I find it!
