Watching “Ossessione” today - more than 6 decades later - is still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in the history of cinema and, in particular, about how Italian directors changed films forever (approximately from Ossessione and De Sica " I Bambini Ci ”). Guardano ", both of 1943, up to 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti makes a terrific directorial debut, taking (without accreditation) the story “The Postman Always Rings Twice” as a guide for developing his own themes. <br /> <br /> Even today we are amazed how ahead of our time. "Ossessione" was. Filmed in fascist Italy during World War II (think about it !!), he depicted scenes and themes that led to the film being immediately banned in cinemas - and the fact that he used the plot of a famous American novel and did not pay copyright didn’t help <br /> <br /> Ossessione reveals anxious wartime Italy (away from idealized Italy, depicted in the Telefoni Bianchi fascist films); but he is also very bold in his sexual frankness, with Gino without a shirt (Massimo Girotti, who is definitely preceded by Kowalski Brando in “The Desire on the Tram”), when Giovanna (Clara Kalamai), a married woman, goes to bed only 5 minutes after as they first meet. We are watching clumsy, undressing facts of Kalamai and subtle but undeniable homosexual hints between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo is a very attractive actor, his face is not much different from the face of Pierre Clementi, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945, at the age of 28 ). years!) ... In two words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as merciless as it was rarely, if ever, ever shown in Italian cinema. <br /> <br /> All copies of the Ossession were destroyed shortly after its discovery — it was called scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to keep the imprint, and when the film was reprinted after the war, most critics called it the neorealist leader who preceded “Roma CIttà Aperta” by Rossellini and “Sciuscià” by De Sica. Some other critics, perhaps more appropriately, saw in “Ossessione” the Italian analogue of the “poetic realism” of French cinema (remember that Visconti was an assistant to Renoir), especially in “Quay of Brumes” "And" Le Jour se Lève "M Arcel Carné, and Julien Duvivier "Pépé le Moko". <br /> <br /> While Ossessione can be neo-realistic in its visual language (depicting the war during the war in Italy during the war with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, scum, scammers, etc.), characters and themes were already definitely Viscontian. He was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters, social / political / sexual apartheid, decay of elites, than realistic, “everyday” characters and themes supported by DeSic and Rossellini. In Ossession we already find elements of drama and tragedy that later developed in many of his films, especially Senso (Visconti’s final departure from the aesthetics of neorealism) and Rocco and Suoi Fratelli ... Even in his own Neo Film -realist "La Terra Trema", he forces his fishermen to turn from everyday characters into mythological characters. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory of great artists whose work collection fits, analyzes and develops specific topics and problems again and again, from their first to the last opus, regardless of whether they can change setting, background or time - Visconti can play with the frame, but the themes and the essence of his art are, well, obsessively repetitive. “Ossessione” should not be missed: you will certainly be fascinated by this innovative, powerful film.
