Visconti's first feature, Ossessione, is an adaptation of James M. Cain's "The Postman, Always Calling Twice." Now, I'm not familiar with this book or other versions of the film, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Liberation (much more than I really am a fan of the cinematic version of Billy Wilder). The two novels seem very similar. Both are connected with unlawful love love, when an insatiable wife complains to a morally weak man that her husband is useless and means to her. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, who was very well played by Klara Kalamai, is not the embodiment of evil, like the wife in Double Indemnity, but she looks very spoiled. Her husband (the great performance of Juan de Landa) is a little cruel to her, but she amazes me, as if at least uncompromising with him. He is older and unattractive, so she is rather inconsistent. When Gino, a young, muscular man, appears, it takes her about five minutes to put him to bed. She is sweating, she wants to be with him forever, but she is stuck with her husband. They part first, but when they meet again, they (obviously, although it is intentionally vague) plan to kill the husband. They succeeded, and they return to the woman’s hometown to run the bar that her husband owned. Gino is not very enthusiastic about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the only thing he doesn’t want is to sit at one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship is quickly crumbling. Ossessione is a very complex movie with complex characters. It's always exciting, but too long. At two o'clock and twenty-two minutes I can’t understand how long this has been going on! This is partly due to the neorealistic stylistics that Visconti came up with in this film. In the end, it was the first film to receive this label. We see that many actions are extended, as it would be in real life, slowly to the next point of the plot. I have seen many Visconti films, and the only one I like more than this one is Rocco and his brothers (1960). Its direction is great as ever, the camera moves brilliantly, and editing is perfect. I also feel the need to point out the best performance of the film, Dhia Christiani, as a young (exotic) dancer and part-time Anita, whom Gino meets after he starts trying to break away from Giovanna. She is only five or six minutes in the film, and she has only a few lines. It's amazing how Visconti and Christiani can do this character in such a short time. She is absolutely heartbreaking. 9/10.
