There I was sitting alone in my apartment on Saturday evening with the choice of watching the CITIZEN X or Eurovision Song Contest, and for the benefit of the Americans reading this, I will explain that TESC is an annual event in which musicians from countries from all over Europe and in Asia Minor there is a song contest. At the end of the contest, countries vote to see which song was the best. This is a competition that is even less exciting than it seems, and maybe it will not be a shock when I say that singing and writing songs are not at the level of Lennon and McCartney. And I have to correct something in the first sentence of this review, because the word “Choice” is misleading, because, being a music lover, I was not going to watch TESC under any circumstances. <br /> <br /> So I sat down the credits I received for the “CITIZENS X”, expect a series of serial killers, but I would be misleading everyone, calling it that. This is evident in the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X whodunnit. The film points to the failures of communism: “Serial killer, comrade! This is the Soviet Union, serial killers can exist only in decadent imperialist capitalist systems. ” This farcical attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene where a clandestine policeman sits on a frozen train station, watching potential suspects, putting on a police jacket, because this is the only warm coat he has! And, of course, all suspects who are members of the Communist Party are released without questioning, which will affect the death toll. All this is very well done, because we are shown that this is the system of the Communist Party, which is on trial, but approximately two-thirds of the way through CITIZENS X we find ourselves in 1990, when communism is on its last legs, and police reform reforms have already been carried out. It is at this point that the film becomes rather uninteresting due to the lack of political overtones, and the film becomes a regular film with a hunt for people. But don't let that alienate you, CITIZEN X is a smart thriller, well-played by actors, especially Donald Sutherland as the father’s police chief. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, a few years ago I read something written by the famous criminologist Colin Wilson, in which he said something like the fact that serial killers allow themselves to be caught in the spotlight media, and I found myself almost sympathizing with party leaders who deny that there could be a serial killer in a serial killer. Soviet Union. After all media are controlled by the party, and anyone who is old enough to listen to Radio Moscow or read Pravda's English translations will know that the USSR only reported news such as potato harvest, coal mining and letters of thanks from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. For Soviet assistance. The concept of becoming a serial killer in the communist system is illogical. But I think that if a tree falls into a remote Siberian forest, it will still make a sound, although there will be no one around to hear it.
