I remember watching Andre Chikatillo’s case in the newspapers when I lived in South Africa. They had pictures of him sitting in a cage during prosecution in court. Not, as it turned out, to protect members of the court, but to protect it from the public. It was a fascinating, though painful, reading. I later learned that HBO made a film about this case, but it was made for American television. Shot out! Ironically, CITIZEN X received a limited cinematic release in South Africa. I moved to the local complex of Ster Kinekor and properly bought a ticket (I was alone; my girlfriend at that time was interested only in such as STEEL MAGNESIA and Fried GREEN TOMATOES). Blimey! What a brilliant movie. Why was this not released to a wider audience? If this were not done for television, it could get an Oscar nomination or 2. There is no way to spoil the final; who is the killer, never hiding from the viewers. Jeffrey Dehmann portrays a really terrible psycho. He is calm, depressed, considered a wife a failure, and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation from his superiors at work. In doing these terrible things, he feels strong, powerful. <br /> <br /> The struggle to catch him, no matter what, is a pathologist who Stephen Ria played well in one of his strongest performances. He must fight the pace of the Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources he has and (above all) the failure of his leadership to admit that there is even a serial killer in the USSR. The responsible general (Joss Ackland) says that serial killers are "a decadent, western phenomenon." Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help, but his help should be under the counter. Always great Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who violates the protocol and decides to help investigators in their search. This is the first case in Russian history, when the abbreviation is used to create the profile of a serial killer, still at large, and he has everything he can lose if his participation becomes public knowledge. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is brilliantly played, well written, and the music and editing only heighten the intensity and theme of the film. Excellent support from the terribly undervalued Imelda Staunton and the real sense of impending doom make CITIZEN X a movie worth seeing. It was too good for tv
