What makes the material Best Picture? Oscar got a lot of clubs to reward bloated glasses, which are badly aged, and ignore the "authors" who will be deified in the coming decades. It was not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Oscars are a choice made by the industry itself, and therefore, at least in the classical era, they tended to reward the greatest collaboration, the most sensational meetings of creative minds. <br /> <br /> Arthur By this point, the liberated detachment at MGM was called to Oscar-winning glory for several years; It was only a matter of time when Fried, with the support of his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and some of the best music stars in the business, would get the best picture. Fried may have done more to raise the status of the musical than anyone else, creating pictures that wove the story and the song, without losing the dynamic spectacle of the musicals of the 30s. The essence of the Freed musicals is that the lyrics, unlike the Hammerstein or Lerner songs, do not have to tell or even relate to the stories. It is important that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit into the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> The American in Paris was the first of the three Freed musicals (the other two are Singin 'in the Rain and The Band Wagon), which derived the existing classic numbers from their original context and made them work in a completely unrelated story. Words don't fit the plot, but the routines match the show. So, when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, he doesn't even have a girl yet, but the way it is done with the participation of French children is a great feature, and the cheerful melody and dance give the film a slight boost. it is needed at the moment. The American in Paris also uses the breaking rules allowed in this genre to add a bit of unconventional fantasy flights to tell a story, such as a series of dances that accompany the description of Leslie Caron's character. <br /> <br /> And what could be better for this project than Minnelli, the artist himself and the pianist? At that time, there really wasn’t anyone who could feel Technicolor better. While some directors saturate each scene with one color or fill the screen with conflicting shades, Minnelli's color schemes are tightly controlled, but never look forced. In the initial scenes, the tones are rather muffled, but not gray, and in particular there is no red. During the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Gubenthal in the cafe were presented a few more bright colors. Then, during the first musical number “By Strauss”, Minnelli gradually introduces red splashes ?? tablecloth, a bouquet of roses ?? until it ultimately dominates, as if the song had awakened the color scheme of the picture. For most songs, colors are as complex as people. However, in some numbers, such as “Tra-la-la,” he retains the same shades and instead opens up the space when the song swells and the characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> Achilles' The heel of an American in Paris is his story. Personally, I find the romantic corner especially unpleasant, playing like a last bang for the misogynist love stories that prevailed in the 30s; a stubborn, independent woman is rejected, while a meek, delicate girl pursues the hero's love. Even if you don’t mind it, it’s difficult to emotionally connect with the story, because she is constantly overshadowed by songs and dances. Compare this with “Singin 'in the Rain”, in which there are actually not so many great exercises or memorable scenery, like in “American in Paris”, but it has a winning story. "Singing in the rain" in 1952 was not noticed at the Oscars, but today it is considered a classic of the genre. But I think that people sometimes forget that cinema is a comprehensive form of visual entertainment, and not just a means to tell a story. The American in Paris is not deep, attractive, or twitching, but, like some DeMille picture that received the highest award next year, this is definitely a great show.
