The dazzling seventeen minute dance sequence of the 1928 George Gershwin orchestral play "An American in Paris" is an undisputed masterpiece. The choreography of Gene Kelly's precise and unmatched style, a vibrant combination of color, music and dance, still amazes when the work is divided into scenes inspired by select masters Dufy at the opening of the play Place de la Concorde, Manet in the flower market, Utrillo in Paris street , Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh at the exciting exhibit Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec for the Moulin Rouge, where Kelly wears her famous white jumpsuit. The 97 minutes that precede this final are not so exciting, although not all, but there are certain charms when watching the entire 1951 Oscar musical. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner portrayed a surprisingly complex but rather small romantic story centered on Jerry Mulligan, a former soldier who stayed in Paris after the end of World War II, trying to make a living as an artist. With his braggadosio style and sports dance style, Gene Kelly can be annoying and annoying as a screen personality, but he seems to find his art as a lighthearted Jerry. The plot of the love triangle focuses on the participation of Jerry with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed patron of the arts, but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. On the first date in a populous nightclub in Montmartre, Jerry falls in love without regret with Lisa, a young woman who turns out to be Henri's fiancée, professional artist and friend of Jerry's friend Adam, an unemployed concert pianist. Romantic complications begin before the inevitable ending, but not earlier than several classic Gershwin songs are performed. <br /> <br /> The best of them - the most imitated - a stunning romantic song and dance called “Our love is here to stay.” Artificial Seine River in a blue foggy mist with yellow fog lights. How Kelly and Leslie Caron surround each other, transcendentally, when they first approached each other, and then beautifully synchronized with the music leading to the final clinch. Few films so elegantly and succinctly show two people in love. “I Got Rhythm” and “S'Wonderful” illuminate Kelly’s agile dances and pleasant singing, while Embraceable You dances Caron impressively in a five-scene monograph in which Henri described “Lisa” Adam. Created to demonstrate the versatility of Caron, this sequence is similar to the one in “On the City”, where Vera-Ellen demonstrated her considerable dance skills when the character of sailor Kelly described his multifaceted vision of Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <Like Liz, nineteen-year-old Caron (in her first film) dances magnificently everywhere and copes with her role with an ignorant charm with her acting talent so as not to bloom for several years. Looking rather glamorous, Nina Foch is older than the manipulative Milo, and she manages to be cute enough for us to take care of her fate, while Oscar Levant is his sardonic me, like Adam. Performing the graceful play “I Will Build a Staircase to Heaven,” George Getari plays Henri so nice that you are sad that he will eventually lose a girl. This is not the best MGM multi-musical, but surely the magic in the movies is enough to make it worthwhile. The 2000 DVD contains a fairly intact print, but little else in terms of add-ons.
