Parsifal (1982) Starring Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Spurr, Edith Klever, Age Hoagland and the voices of Rainer Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schon, director Hans-Jürgen Siberberg. <br /> <br /> Straight from the German cinema school who preferred tons of symbolism and surrealism to Ingmar Bergmansky, released a 1982 film about Wagner's latest masterpiece, Parsifal, written in accordance with Holy Friday / Easter and the dedication of the Bayreuth Opera Theater. This film corresponds exactly to the musical score and plot, but the manner in which it was shot and performed is bold and avant-garde, and no other Parsifal takes the crown in his strange cinematography. Syberberg is known for controversial films. Prior to this film, he produced films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism, as well as a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his granddaughters. This film is perhaps disturbing in many aspects. Parsifal (played by Rayner Goldberg, but performed by Michael Kutter) - a man throughout the first part of the film, and then, after the charm of Kundry's kiss, turns into a woman. This element of the flexion of sex reflects the feminine / masculine / yin-yang nature of the quest for the Holy Grail, which serves all of humanity and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the stronghold of the pagan sorcerer Klingsor there are photographs of such ominously sinister figures as Hitler, Nietzsche, Cosima Wagner, and Wagner's mistress Matilda Vezendok. Flag Swaztik hanging outside the fortress. Parsifal travels in the 19th and 20th centuries throughout the film. Tempting flower girls in the nude. Kundry is portrayed as some beautiful, but spoiled, Mary Magdalene or Eve from the Book of Genesis (played by Edith Clover, but she sings beautifully mezzo-soprano Yvon Minton). Ultimately, this film is intended for fans of this type of strange Germanic / European symbolic metaphography and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history, and lovers of Wagner's opera. Indeed, the singing is great and irresistible. Rainer Goldberg's Parsifal is a focused and intense voice, but it lacks the depth and general grandeur of the great parsifals of the scene - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, René Collot and today's own Placido Domingo. Yvon Minton is a sensual, dramatic and exhilarating Kundry, well delving into his agonizing state. Although the production is certainly unorthodox and as nonaggnerovsky as possible (Wagner’s concept was a Christian ceremonial pomp with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark sorcerer, the transformation of darkness into light, and so on. Typical Wagner themes). It is still a nice feature film.
