I knew nothing about Chocolat before I viewed it. I didn't know anything about the story, the actors, the director, or anything about the history of the film. All I knew was a very famous French film. If I knew more, I probably would not look at the picture with an open heart. On paper, the premise does not seem interesting to me. If I knew what Chocolat was before, my interest in viewing would be limited. However, not knowing this story helped me enjoy it. Throughout the time, I had no idea where the story would go, what the heroes would do and what the final result would be. It was, if not more, an unpredictable film. Indeed, it could be as recounted in the memoirs. Telling a story in a flashback is often a risky move by the filmmakers. Since the main character is visible today, the audience knows that she will survive. Using the memories technique, director Claire Denis is able to provide viewers that a young girl enters into adulthood without any serious physical damage, giving the viewer the feeling that “Chocolate” is a story more about emotions than what is happening outside . A smaller director would have given France a haggard face screaming about a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a beautiful girl who looks good outside. <br /> <br /> It can be argued that Chocolat is more relevant to the mother of France, since she is given much more time to screen, although I believe that in the end, this concerns France. For me, what Chocolat really is is how a mother’s actions affect her daughter. It is about how the behavior of parents remains with their offspring. France is not destroyed by the actions of her mother in history, yet her mother’s actions clearly impressed France. If France had not influenced the mother’s actions, this aspect would have been inappropriate. <br /> <br /> For the film, which tells about two periods of time: past and present, “Chocolat” was very dynamic, there was no scene with excess fat. None of the scenes felt gratuitous or inappropriate. The film had a good rhythm, clear editing, leaving only what was necessary to tell a story. With a well-told story, solid montage and organized directing, Chocolat is one of the best French films I have seen. He was responsible for starting the career of Claire Denis and had a good reason: this is an incredible directorial debut.
