This is an amazing film to watch or show to young people. In addition to a very short nude scene, she gives an interesting insight into colonial rule in Africa, which you rarely find in other films. This is similar to OUT OF Africa, but without romantic fluff. The white French in Cameroon are charming, because it seems they don’t even consider the natives to be human. Whites are all bosses, and they expect black slavery without question. However, unlike real servants, you only hear once from one of the whites saying "thank you", and these people are not given any other relationship. Again and again, they are like pets or slaves, because people's feelings are never even counted. <br /> <br /> The central illustration of this thoughtlessness is the relationship between mother Amy and her servant Proteus. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together, and it’s quite normal that they may begin to have sexual feelings towards each other, a white woman never thinks about Prote or her feelings. A good example of this frivolousness can be that Prote laces up her dress, and it is obvious that he is very sexually upset about it. Apart from this relationship, while almost all whites completely forget that Africans are people, some have gone so far as to insult them and treat them like rubbish. <br /> <br /> The relationship between Prote and the little girl (who grew up at the beginning and end of the film) is also interesting. Although they are very close, sometimes it looks more like a toy or a pet, and the girl never plays with local children. <br /> <br /> There is one strange white character who seems to treat black better at times, but unfortunately his character is very contradictory and confused. At one moment he works hard with blacks or eats with them (something that other whites would never do), and the next moment he tries to beat Protea! I could only guess what motivated him - maybe he was just a jerk, or was crazy, or maybe he was a communist agitator trying to stir up blacks against whites (who knows!). In fact, with the exception of a few good scenes, this character looks pretty much wasted. <br /> <br /> Although I really enjoyed the understanding of this film, I would like it to be more than just a few fragments of this world. through the perspective of the child during one small period of her life. The context and what happened to rid the country of colonialism are never considered, and the film left me wanting more. The film seemed to start in the early 1980s (since she wears a Walkman style headset), and when the film goes back in time, it seems that it was installed around 1960 (more or less), but Anti-colonial violence was never mentioned 1950s or the independence of the nation in the early 1960s. I assume that some of this confusion may lie in the fact that the filmmakers screwed up and SHOULD make the beginning of the film earlier (for example, the 1970s) and make a woman remember her life in the early 1950s ... before political changes have taken place in the country. <br /> <br /> In addition to the missing context and confusion in time, it would be nice to use the prologue and epilogue, which showed that she is an adult woman traveling around the country. And I also appreciated the ending, as it was a pleasant surprise when you learned more about a good person who offers her a ride. But in general, it seems that something is missing - there is simply no solution or message, except to show that colonialism is thoughtless and cruel.
