Claire Denis's “Chocolate”, created in Cameroon in West Africa in the 1950s, is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant tonal poem that reflects the influence of dying colonialism on the young family in the last years of French rule. The theme is similar to the recent “Nowhere in Africa”, although films differ greatly in their scale and significance. The film is told in terms of the return of an adult to his home in a foreign country. Frans Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling in Cameroon, recalls her childhood when her father (François Cluzet) was a government official in French Cameroon, and she had a friendly friendship with the thoughtful servant of Protea (Isaah de Bankole). The essence of the film, however, revolves around the mother of France Amy (Julia Bosky) and her love / hate relationship with Prothe, boiling with unspeakable sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The household is divided into public and private premises. The white family rooms are closed and closed to everyone except for Prote, who works in the house, while the servants are forced to eat and take a shower under the open sky, exposing their naked bronze bodies to the looks of the white family. When her husband Marc (Francois Cluzet) leaves on business, it becomes clear that Amy and Protei are sexually attracted to each other, but the rules of society do not allow to openly admit it. In one of the sequences, she invites him into her bedroom to help her put on a dress, and they look at each other in the mirror with defiant melancholy in their eyes, knowing that any interaction is forbidden. <br /> <br /> Young France (Cecile Ducasse) also creates a connection with a servant, feeding him from his plate, while he shows her how there are crushed ants, and carries her on his shoulders in walks under the night sky. Despite their connection, the true nature of their relationship between the master and the servant becomes apparent when France orders Proteau to interrupt his conversation with the teacher and immediately take her home, and when Protheus stands next to her at the dinner table, waiting for her next team. When the plane loses its propeller and is forced to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move to the complex until a spare part is found. Every visitor demonstrates his contempt for Africans. One, the rich owner of a coffee plantation, brings the rest of the food from the kitchen to his black mistress, who is hiding in her room. The other, Luke (Jean-Claude Adeline), an arrogant white Frenchman, upsets the racial balance when he takes a shower outdoors, eats with servants and mocks Amy about her attraction to Protea, which leads her to a final emotional encounter with a servant. <br /> <br /> “Chocolat” is not entirely autobiographical, adapted to the director’s childhood memories, and he slowly walks and is mysterious, like a brooding isolation of the land on which he is shooting. Denis speaks about the consequences of colonialism, not preaching or romanticizing characters. There are no victims or oppressors here, there are no simplified good guys. Prote is a servant, but he is also a protector, as when he stands guard over the bed, where Amy and her daughter are sleeping to protect them from the frantic hyena. Sadly, Proteus is treated like a boy, not like a man, but Bankole gives his character such dignity and dignity that it reduces pain. Because of his pace of Western audiences, it may be necessary to put a lot of effort into fully appreciating the film, and Denis, according to Roger Ebert, “does not train our emotions.” The truth about chocolate lies in the gestures and attitudes that concern the silent aspirations of our heart.
