Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy transforms natural materials into ephemeral works of art, collecting stones into egg-shaped cairns, filling the coastal stone pools with fiery flowers and stitching thorns and twigs into intricate web designs. The original work and some photographs of his other works are hidden in the corner of the Southampton Art Gallery (not far from the place where I live), but although I found these works intriguing, I realized the miracle of Goldsworthy’s work only when I was lucky enough to watch the film “Rivers and tides. <br /> <br /> The film by Thomas Reidelchimer, accompanied by Fred Frith’s excellent instrumental soundtrack, enlivens Goldsworthy and his art, featuring the artist at work. The opening scene captures it, merging the icicle fragments into a snake-like thread on top of the stump. Working with his teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy creates a beautiful, ephemeral work. Soon this delicate sculpture burned down in the bright sunlight of Nova Scotia. This scene is one of the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and ingenuity of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both successes and failures, capturing the frustration of parts that are destroyed before they are completed, as well as the glory of those who shine, even if only for a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself gives the story, slowly but thoughtfully talking about the themes of his work. He makes it clear that he needs to work with nature, to be alone in it and to deepen his understanding of this, trying to work with natural materials, even when they seem to work against him. Sometimes he is down to earth and with a sense of humor; in other cases, he fights for words to express his purpose? something that is quite understandable when you first witnessed his amazing work. "Rivers and tides" in the title are becoming more relevant as we see how natural materials pass through the hands of the artist, moving from one form to another. Capturing the creation and dissolution of Goldworth's work itself is an astounding work of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with various materials and covers the territory of North America and Europe, the presentation of works of art one after another. the other in this film is tedious; it gave me the same feeling of fatigue that I have when I spend too long in an art gallery and struggle to accept something new. A short period of time during which we get to know Andy's family and hometown is all that upsets his long line of work. Nonetheless, Reidelschieimer does an excellent job with a photo of Goldsworthy and his creations, placing them in a wider environment, from winding Canadian rivers to rainy Scottish slopes. Oddly enough, the film ends with Goldsworth, who throws a handful of earth and snow into the sky. Fleeting patterns appear from dust particles, even when they are dispersed in the air; This is the purest expression of beauty that can be found in the work of this wonderful artist.
