I admit that during the first 20 minutes of this film I was not completely sure that I was going to look through it all. Like many other people, I was pretty bored and I waited with impatience for an hour and a half while this guy was biting icicles and gluing them together. However, if you sit on the creation of his first work long enough to see the finished product, you will get an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the film is. I really think it is sad that so many people found it incredibly boring or a repetition of the ideas of other artists. <br /> <br /> “Rivers and Tides” is a quiet exploration of some of the works of art and methods of Andy Goldsworthy, which makes its art entirely out of things in nature, usually resulting in objects that will be absorbed by nature in the usual way. Entropy process. It is slow and unattractive, but I think most of the film is to show that the art of Goldsworth does not need any accompaniment to be appreciated. I even heard people complain that he always speaks throughout the entire film, instead of letting nature and his works speak for themselves, which I simply consider insane. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many people complain about CDs with texts written inside them. Many musicians also think that their music should mean that the listener wants it to mean that the musician does not show the exact lyrics, I think I’m just the person who thinks that I would like to know what the artist was trying to perform. perform with his or her artwork. I can still accept it as I want, even if I know what it was supposed to do. I understand that I do not want to hear him speak through the film. In the end, he loses his train of thought and is not able to explain some of his work more than once, but if you do not want Goldsworthy to talk about his work while watching a movie, do not hesitate to turn off the sound. It’s like not reading the lyrics if you don’t want to know what the musician sings and prefer to interpret the words themselves. <br /> <br /> I think that the work of Andy Goldsworthy, which I didn’t even suspect, existed before I watched this film, is incredibly impressive, and I am glad that this film was made so that to demonstrate. Indeed, since his work is usually not one of those that can be transferred to the studio, photography is the only means other than the film that can express it, and I really appreciate the opportunity to see the work that is included in his art and way that only things are used from nature. Regardless of whether you appreciate certain aspects of the presentation of this film, Goldsworthy’s work moves so much that it doesn’t notice it, because the film is not a star, but Goldsworthy’s art. And considering the absence of any music or even the smallest special effects and the slow nature of the film, it seems to me that the director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows this.
