Zero-day has a goal, and this is not just entertainment, this is a message about his specialized subject school shootings. Scheduling the lives of two friends, Andre and Cal, leading to an attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> Although the film began quite modestly, in an impromptu announcement of the impending amateur-style teen attack, brief meetings with the boys' families followed. Soon we get down to business with the boys, showing us their collection of weapons, their fetish love for them, their sprawling sporadic narcissistic fantasies, and even in the scandalous scene about how to make bombs. <br /> <br /> So what is the film trying to say? What really motivates these to be killers soon. It seems hard to pinpoint. They, of course, do not look like cold-blooded psychopaths, but they are planning an act of cruelty. This brings me to what I consider to be a genius on day zero. Cal and Andre constantly talk about how they are on a different level, how much they are taller than all of us, and how they "leave us all behind." Like the Columbian assassins, they really feel superior. Like Nietzsche's sentiments, Cal and Andre's value system seem to have been born out of rejecting their society. Nevertheless, we are given only glimpses of this, for example, an expression of hatred of a popular athlete. So where is the motivation? What I feel is that Kochchio portrayed two people who are desperately trying to make a statement of superiority with a gesture of their power, but who do not have a reasonable place for this. Consequently, they turn to massacres and the species that will attract more attention to them than they could imagine. That is why, apparently, partly school shooters are capable of doing cruel acts, despite the fact that they come from good stable loving families. Murder is part of the fantasy, Cal and Andre are completely immersed in their fantasies, they almost do not see the reality of their actions. They turn fantasy into tragedy. <br /> <br /> Secondly, in this film, the development of the characters and the unique dependence of Cal and Andre on each other are of particular concern. Andre throughout the film is clearly the leader of two, Cal's embrace of his behavior and clothes seem somewhat forced. Andre is worried, Andre is tense and serious. He completely avoids others, with the exception of his family, he is meticulous and accurate in everything he does, and for some time he turns out to be the main engine in the plot to attack the school. And yet he is pleasant in his own way, he does not accept youthful nonsense, and in part we feel compelled to agree with him, however, these moments are destroyed by Andre’s passing gestures towards us, the audience, who treat us as confidants and to the potential victim. Cal, on the other hand, seems more relaxed than Andre, more receptive to reality. Yet it dominates in its own way. We have a lot of personal introspection moments with Cal's video diary, scenes where he is alone and separate from Andre. Cal seems to be struggling with his personal demons and using their plan to drive himself out of them. Andre is jealous that Cal is going to prom with an old friend, he wants Cal to himself. Cal reassures Andre and cheers him up. It seems that for the first time in his life Andre found a man who believes in him and admires him; he cannot lose him. While Cal found someone who offered him a way out. <br /> <br /> Cinema is certainly gaining momentum and improving as it approaches its dismal end. Cal comes to graduation in high school. Suddenly, the movie star becomes shy and withdrawn, completely at ease with his peers. However, we tend to feel more connected with Cal than with the noisy and obscene crowd screaming obscenity while they drink a lot in their limo. Their episode is too common and recognizable. We don’t want to treat them when it's over, and Cal will be back with Andre, who is silently preparing one of his final videos, and we like the characters feeling safe again in the fantasy world they created. We feel that we avoid the masses like them. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is gorgeous. In the final video, Andre and Cal are arming themselves in their car just a few minutes before the attack. This is too real and really creates a sense of impending doom. Fortunately, we know Cal and Andre and we understand that they are going to do it, with some painful passion, we also enjoy the catharsis of films. <br /> <br /> The massacre shot in CCTV mode is sometimes shocking, and although it was certainly the perfect choice to portray a slaughterhouse, if we were going for it, it is not without flaws. Most importantly, this is a sudden radical change in our perceptions of Cal and Andre, when they look at them in this man, they suddenly become violent murderers whom we knew they would, but refused to admit that they would. This is violence and reality, our heroes have become monsters, and the reality of their fantasies is a terrible tragedy that costs them everything. <br /> <br /> In the final scene, a group of teenagers shooting themselves, burning crosses, erected for Andre and Cal with disgust recall that they perpetuated. Having become acquainted with Andre and Cal, we can only feel almost upset that they actually left forever and that, of course, they did not win anything. <br /> <br /> Zero day is something to see for anyone interested in these violent media activities. This is a study of character that is worth experiencing.
