As always, controversial films like this have mixed reviews. You either love it or hate it, and not everyone will like this movie. This shows the perspective of the killers, and I personally believe that it is important to consider. You can hate them, you can argue that you understand them and feel that you can communicate, but no matter what this film makes you think about school filming from a different point of view. <br /> <br /> The film was shot entirely using a hand-held camera, which I think works quite well, as it makes it more realistic. It is said completely from the point of view of the murderers, from their “missions” to family walks, and they all lead a big day of “zero day” when they plan a slaughter in their school. “Zero Day” does not give answers, but only gives an idea of ​​the life of two concerned young guys and allows viewers to decide for themselves. Our feelings towards boys are mixed between sympathy and hatred, but we still don’t understand why two simple young boys would do such a thing. It is shown that they are surprisingly normal, typical teenage boys leading ordinary life, and if we didn’t know what they were planning, we wouldn’t expect anything (during the whole film clearly show that no one else knows about their plan) < br /> <br /> The acting is very good, considering that the two actors are completely unknown. We can only hope to see more work from both of them in the future. Despite the fact that this is a fictional film, it is impossible not to notice the obvious similarities with Colombina. Calvin and Andre are very similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold (not so much in their views as in their manner). As a person who researched Columbine so much, I could see a resemblance, and it was almost certainly based on it. <br /> <br /> The actual slaughterhouse is shown using surveillance cameras at the school and is one of the worst things I've ever seen. I was completely shocked to see this, and this feeling that remains for some time. It is very realistic and well made and very difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> In general, Zero Day is a great movie, and I think everyone should at least watch it. In the past, we always simply called the killers "psychopaths" and assumed that they were either biologically related to the catastrophe, or had the influence of the media, but as the "zero day" shows, sometimes the motives are deeper, and we can never truly understand why tragedies like school skirmishes happen until we see it from the point of view of murderers.
