The unborn tells the story of a married couple named Virginia (Brooke Adams) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga), who have been trying to get pregnant for the last five years, since Virginia has had two miscarriages, and they desperately need a baby. They turn to Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after some of his friends recommend him. Dr. Meyerling says he can help them have a baby. Dr. Meyerling works in Virginia, and it is soon confirmed that the operation was successful and Virginia is pregnant. At first, everything seems perfect, and Marshall could not be happier, but their ideal life does not last long, as Virginia has problems, she becomes capricious and behaves completely out of sorts, and Beth (Jane Cameron), another woman, which passed the procedure of Dr. Meyerling, who claims that Mayerling actually uses his patients for his sinister purposes and is in fact a shameful genetic researcher. Virginia begins to doubt that it grows inside her ... <br /> <br /> Producer and director Rodman Flender. I actually thought that “The Unborn” was a worthy horror / thriller (this is definitely NOT a sci-fi film, like IMDb you would have believed) that I was pleasantly surprised. Scenario Henry Dominic tries to be different, and at least you need to count on it. The unborn is more a psychological horror than cheap fears and bad special effects, it has a rather clever story that works and plays on basic human fears. It proceeds at a fair pace, although it is not exactly a packed action film by any means. The climax was good and seemed like an appropriate way to complete everything, and the warnings about messing with genetics today seem even more relevant than it was then, perhaps, Flender knew something that the rest of us did not know. On the other hand, it lacks some elements of exploitation, and the film is based on a dialogue-based film, mostly aimed at one person, so sometimes it can get a little boring. Also, I have to mention that on Erat it was that grinning black dwarf skateboard about anything ?! <br /> <br /> Directed by Flender copes with his work, “Unborn” is not the most stylish or visually interesting film in the entire history. done, but it's good enough. The atmosphere is good, and there is a bit of stress, because what Virginia has inside her and Dr. Meierling's sinister plans are not fully revealed until the very last moment. Unfortunately, blood and blood almost does not exist, which in some ways brings the film, because in retrospect nothing really unforgettable happens, “Unborn” relies on good story-telling, and that’s good, but after a week I doubt that I’ll remember too much about it. " br /> <br /> Technically, the film is okay, I think that the Unborn had a rather low budget, but it is well done, even if it is a bit boring and easily forgotten. The baby creature is actually a decent special effect and has a rather realistic face movement. The acting is good, and it was one of the first acting posts assigned to Friends star (1994 - 2004) Lisa Kudrow, I have to be honest, I don’t like Friends, and I don’t even know who she was in that, so I can’t say how she did it. <br /> <br /> “The Unborn” is a good horror / thriller that deserves to be known and seen more widely, it’s much better than a lot of inexpensive things that litter the shelves of video stores. If you are a horror fan and are looking for something a little different, something smarter and evocative than usual, then I think you could have done a lot worse than Unborn. Following the blunt sequel to the film “The Unborn II” (1994), which I watched right after that, check out my review, if you like ..
