There are two great ways to enjoy this quickly written, original TV show (“The Godfather” for The X-Files, Buffy, etc.); like a monster show (it scared the hell out of me when I was a kid!), or like a well-written / acting kid / movie numbering. Works on both levels. Perhaps in recent years, precariousness was resolved (it was made in the mid-1970s), but I was pleasantly surprised when I discovered the show again (via DVD) that I really like MORE for the last reasons. The late Darren McGavin, I.S. Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, tenacious, crumpled journalist / monster hunter who, in pursuit of history, always finds a supernatural angle of view; to great pain because of the overwrought put on boss Kolchak Tony Vincenzo (with great exhaustion from the world by then deceased, great Simon Auckland; you can almost feel the pain from his budding ulcers!). The interaction between these characters is crisp and witty (very much like Spock from STAR TREK and McCoy, only more sour!). For two pilot television films and a one-season TV show, Kolchak battled vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government plots, aliens and ancient legends (sounds like the entire 9-year run of the X-Files! In ONE season!). And Kolchak did it first! As for cool, partly whistling, the main music of composer Gil Mella ... well, X-Files creator Chris Carter calls the main title theme of X-Files Mike Snow a "tribute". Both themes work well; leave it at that. And unlike many modern horror / sci-fi shows, most of the MOTTLES monsters are shown in the shadows and in quick cuts (effectively and sometimes fortunately; some of them do not withstand modern testing; but some still DO). Modern horror shows take note: less is more! One of the few drawbacks of the show (and this small one) is the excessive use of sunny, Californian terrain, turning into the windy city of Chicago. NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; inevitable for a modest budget, show based on LA And some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what is (now) viewed as a cliché (the feminine reporter, Ron Updike, has always been used for comic relief; the cute, elderly woman / soviet commentator Emily). But they all have their moments to shine (LIKE a lot of supporting television characters since then, cliche or not!). KOLCHAK is an eternal show that serves as a model for many followers. And Karl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for horror TV shows (REAL Agent Mulder's dad). And as a footnote, I tried to watch several episodes of the new “rethinking” of the show. This is a X-Files clone (copy of a copy?). And bad in this. Karl Kolchak is now a rather sentimental model, 30 with something (boring Stuart Townsend plays boringly). And giving him a Scully type partner is also a bad idea; it undermines Kolchak as the lonely crusader Don Quixote! A KOLCHAK AND Vincenzo MUST? Where is the voltage? Interaction? The fact that they decided to hang KOLCHAK's name on this burped bit o 'shit is a vivid example of how NOT to do a remake: take your favorite cult series, scrape everything unique in it, deplete it of all symbols and colors (but save the name! You need this cult credit!) and voila! Instant rehash! He gets an “F” in “Re-Imaginings 101”! This new version deserved an ax! Stick with a short-lived, but classic original. It really gets better with age.
