A couple of years ago I purchased (and enjoyed) the MGM dual-function DVD for two of Kolchak’s films: NIGHT STALKER (1971) and NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the universal series of subsequent TV series came out, I intended to buy it immediately, but rumors about playback problems with terrible DVD-18 prevented me from adding it to my collection; I recently placed an online order, which consisted of many discount universal box sets, and decided to purchase KOLCHAK 3-Discer. <br /> <br /> Having seen it now, I can say with confidence that I have not done so. I don’t regret that I bought this favorite (if short-lived) crime / horror series: it can follow a standardized formula - the stubborn and resourceful newsman Karl Kolchak, played wonderfully by Darren McGavin, everyone likes in his behavior (agitated editor Simon Auckland, long-suffering colleagues, different authoritarian figures, many monsters and villains), faces the inevitable (and, as a rule, supernatural) threat alone, but, in the end, is forced to keep its history in secret - but winning (further thanks I have an impressive lineup of guest stars and notable backstage captions, which makes the series very fun. <br /> <br /> However, the quality varies from one episode to another, and modest budgets provided them with specific results and makeup effects, which sometimes leave much to be desired (for example, the werewolf in the record of the same name and the stupid alligator being in the last part) - not to mention the fact that they were limited to 50-minute programs and intended for family consumption to download, rather exclude the simplified and eznuyu transmission it is often intriguing psychological and metaphysical themes (in the case of a werewolf, then again, he had never seen, someone bites, but a bit silly, he is forced to just throw people around)! <br /> <br /> While the hero’s cynical narrative does a lot to draw him into bizarre scenes, in every episode there is a healthy dose of comedic relief (often, but not exclusively, revolving around McGavin’s relationship with Oakland or calling out reporter Jack Grinnage) - not to mention the sensible setting (the setting, for the most part, Chicago) and uncertainty. To make the trip even more enjoyable, have a cheerful account of Gil Mella and Jerry Fielding. <br /> <br /> For the record, the monsters that Kolchak met (but did not always win) throughout the series: the revived Jack the Ripper, many cults (voodoo, Native American, Aztec), aliens, vampire, werewolf (bypasses him familiar concept when this episode is fully installed on a cruise ship!), Double, Satanist, swamp creature, mass of electricity, robot, monkey, witch, headless motorcyclist, succubus, knight armor, claiming their deadly life (episode with, perhaps, the best actor second plan) in which john diener games A gloomy police captain, Hans Conrida and Robert Ehhardt), Elena Troy (!) And a crocodile. Some of the actors (except those who play Kolchak's colleagues) return in the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as officers of the law), John Fiedler (as an astute assistant morgue) and Richard Kiel as two different sworn enemies of the hero . If I were forced to choose the best (or most entertaining) episodes, I would be leaning toward HORROR IN HEIGHTS (starring Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofer in the lead role) and the aforementioned "NIGHT KILLS" - while, as the weakest, I I would choose WEREWOLF (for reasons that I have already explained) and CHOPPER (based on a story invented by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there are no additions in the set: it would be nice to see how many concepts discussed in KOLCHAK: NIGHT STALKER are discussed, and also about where the TV was at the time of its broadcast, or even denoted its lasting influence. about the seemingly endless run of today's popular sci-fi series. In fact, Kolchak himself - in a much younger and supposedly gloomy form - returned in the awakening of 2005; This version is available in my local DVD rental ... but for various reasons, I'm not sure I want to check it out so soon after the classic 1974-5!
