ATTENTION: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not quite - keep reading). Ahhhh, there are so many reasons to become completely dependent on this gem, that I will have no place to list them all. The opening credits create a playful scene with kitsch frames of cartoons from the late 1950s; the charming theme of “Peres' Prez” Prado mambo, which seems strangely uncredited (but its grunts are infallible and no one else has made them); and with familiar acting names, including Katie Najimi a whole year before she starred in Sister Acts 1 and 2, as well as Teri Hatcher from Superman TV. <br /> <br /> Each scene is riddled with petty injustice that has befallen different actors, actresses and producers in daytime television. To look beyond the careers of these people is just a reason for an old-fashioned, tasty farce. Robert Harling wrote this exuberant deception, which sounds like a MAD magazine issue, but feels like a gift to us in the audience. Some of the shaded characters are a little vague, but everyone is fascinated by high jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), who has won many years of awards, nicknamed "America's Beloved". The daytime Emmy Award introduces Celeste’s "The Sun Also Sets." Despite all the vain fears, Celeste wins again. She is very glad, because it is always “such a real thrill”: “Adam, have you watched? I won! Well, well ... ”The reason for the absence of Adam soon becomes an excuse for the whole plot, and we immediately set off on a journey with the neuroses of Celeste. She is crying, screaming and wringing her hands, although the rest of the film, while her Tawny chest of drawers (Katie Najimi, constantly wandering around Celeste, invisible from Celeste's paranoia mist), indulges the taste of Tammy Fei Baker, for whom Tawney was really specifically hired. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen it all before. She is the lead author of the show, and she and Celeste have been excellent networks supporting each other for 15 years. Therefore, when Celeste goes mad, Rosie offers to remove her from the show for six months: "We just say that Maggie went to visit the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to Los Angeles." “Well, then some other lama, Fernando Lamas, come on!” Such a sparkling line must be rather insulting to the still-living beefsteak artist Lorenzo Lamas, son of the aforementioned Fernando Lamas (d. 1982). <br /> <br /> Those who can remember the teacher of economics (Ben Stein) on Ferris Buller Off Day (1986), as he appealingly calls the list (“Bueller. Bueller. Bueller”), will get a secret pleasure after seeing him again as a prosaic writer. Another well-disguised cast member is Harry Marshall (in real life, Mr. Happy Days and Penny's brother), who "pay $ 1.2 million for making team decisions" on the TV series "The Sun also" - he says that he definitely likes "cheerful and cheap. " “; and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Fay Sharon, who is a "bitch." <br /> <br /> Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) - “Yummy with a Spoon” (and by the way) Dinner Theater The actor is now rescued from his hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr.) and returned to the same show, which he received 20 years ago. Of course, this presents some logical problems for current screenwriters, because his character, Rod Randall, should have been beheaded all these years ago. Somehow, they solve logical difficulties, and Jeffrey Anderson moves away from the Chu-Chu. <br /> <br /> Celeste can now only get worse, and her trick of crossing the bridge through Washington no longer helps. At first, her hands tremble when she tries to apply mascara, but she soon turns into a stalker. Unfortunately, she cannot get rid of Jeffrey Anderson so easily. Jeffrey promised to develop his one-man play about Hamlet, and he wants to make the producer fulfill this promise. “I’m not going back to Florida, no!”, Says Jeffrey. “You are trying to play Willy Lohman in front of a bunch of old fart who eat meatloaf!” And indeed, seeing Jeffrey’s lifestyle in the theater at dinner among all accidents and accidents is fun. Returning to Florida in his thick suit, Willy Lohmann in his room, Jeffrey Anderson was annoyed when he was called to the stage as "Mr. Lohman." He was forced to shoe any cockroaches, crawling on TV, shoes and use pliers instead of a broken analog channel switch. Now he turns out to be a tasty surgeon, dating Lori Craven, a new show intrigue; so he is not leaving. <br /> <br /> Beautiful Elizabeth Shu (as Laurie) completes an amazing acting ensemble that copes well with the work of those who know stereotypes too well. But, of course, the path to true love never went smoothly. Montana Moorhead (Katie Moriarty) is looking forward to when her star rises, and desperately needs some kind of advertising. <br /> <br /> Will she finally succeed in her plans? Is Celeste calming her nerves, or will she kill Tawney first? Is the producer gonna get Mr. Fluffy? -You just have to look * the second half * of this extremely sweet, farcical-evil rebellion. <br /> <br /> And you really need to believe how short-sighted Jeffrey reads his lines without glasses live from TelePrompter. If you are not in the seams with a loud laugh in the stomach and tears flowing down your face, do not hesitate to demand your money back for a rental video. Soapdish (1991) is a gem that cannot be missed and that you will need to see again and again, because not often a film can show so many fun lines. This is a very well thought out humor, almost all of it in writing. Draw with Blazing Saddles (1974) for loud apoplexy, although otherwise it does not look like. Watch it and cry. Happy source of someone's addiction to video. 10 out of 10.
