I have loved KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER ever since I saw him on the night he was held on September 13, 1974. I liked the monsters that seemed scary at the time, and the cool music of Gil Mella (hey, where are the guys, the soundtrack?) I often thought about what makes this show work for me so completely, and finally came to the conclusion that the reason why it lasts when many others do not do it is one simple, important element that almost no one else has a terrible show, and this is the main character that most people can relate to Everyday life. When Karl Kolchak Darren McGavin begins to detect strange situations, he reacts like most people. He finds them strange, and when he approaches danger, he is afraid, even if he knows that he must move forward to try to defeat the threat that is shown in this episode. Rarely is he brave enough to withstand some kind of supernatural power. He usually sets a trap and hides or is waiting in the wings to see if he is working. Sometimes he seems so surprised that he managed to defeat the enemy, as we do. In one of the episodes, he goes in search of a monster down the drain, but when he first sees him, he runs to get out of there, but reluctantly falls into the trap that he has to go back and protect himself. He is heroic, because he is ready to do what most of us probably will not do, but this does not mean that he most likely would have been done by someone else instead of him. He is an ordinary guy, does work, tries to earn money, not a monster hunter. He just enjoys things related to the supernatural, in which he is interested, but he does not want to be hurt or killed more than any of us. If his plan to defeat the creature did not work, you will often see him running after his life to get away from him, which of course I would do in this situation. This is why I often watched the show culminate in my childhood. Kolchak was pleasant, and you didn’t care what happened to him. You were afraid for him and for other characters too. The producers and writers obviously knew that anyone could create a monster costume, scary music and shoot a disturbing scene, but all this is in vain if you do not care about the characters. Darren McGavin said that the reason the show only lasted a season was because he was tired of the monster of the week show and decided not to continue. I can tell you that I mourned when this show was canceled when I was a child, but as an adult I understand why this could not continue in this formula for a very long time. I still like 20 episodes and two films, in which McGavin starred in the role of awkward, resolute and vigorous, but kind-hearted reporter INS, known as Karl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that anyone who makes a show or movie will ever really understand why I loved the show. These are not monsters, darkly lit scenery, eerie music or stupid guest stars, although they are all vital components. The secret of his success right in the title - "Kolchak: Night Stalker." Without the sweet, clumsy Karl Kolchak McGavein, who will not root for him and take care of him, he will not become a Night Stalker.
