The Bill Crane film, more rare than the rare “slasher”, certainly does not follow the standard rules of the stem and slash, which have become so important to his colleagues. This time a frightening person uses grenades and small arms, as well as a huge amount of melee weapons; - a sin that is practically unacceptable in most works after Halloween. But still acquaintances are enough to prevent fans of slashers from checking out the rule book, and the plot never deviates too far from the path you had expected. Just as surprisingly decent 555 Wally Koz seemed to be assembled with the help of various members of his family, the Mirage seemed to be co-production from the director's relatives. Looking through the loans, I noticed numerous “Crains” listed in key positions throughout the construction of this feature. But, despite the fairly good distribution throughout the world, the film could not impress on both sides of the Atlantic, and now it has become largely a ghost of the VHS market. However, it only made it more attractive to me, and so I strained my resources to track a copy ?? <br /> <br /> All this happens in the middle of the dessert, which, as I am sure you will agree, is perhaps the most exciting place. With that said, however, I have to admit that, of course, there will be no chance that any curious laws of John K. will suddenly appear. Four undeniably beautiful young men head in the sand on the night of debauchery and pranks that always seems to rub deadly maniacs the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet funny hippies of the new century (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) in a shift camp amid the dune-like desert. Greg's older brother Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his pleasant girlfriend Bambi (Laura Albert) appear shortly to join the contenders in the search for an early grave. Kyle met with Chris before his younger brother allowed himself to steal his grip ?? something that Kyle doesn't seem to want to forget too much. Sounds like a motive for the slaughter? Well, what did you expect? Soon, an invisible person driving a tinted glass truck joins the assembly with a unique set of tricks up its sleeve. Will any of the children survive and continue? <br /> <br /> I'm having trouble finding any information about this feature. I don't even know, director Bill Crane, is he William Crane? the man behind Midnight fear and Blakula among others. The mirage definitely does not appear in his official filmography, so your guess is as good as mine. Judging by the credible work behind the camera, I must say that it is hard for me to believe that this is the debut of a man who has no experience in the cinema. The film is stylishly photographed with the magnificent work of DP Michael Crane, and the director boasts a reliable talent for creating tension when necessary. The ex-film of R. Christopher Biggs with a creative imagination is created and disgusting, and grateful to the sleepy head in the BBFC, which inexplicably allowed it to pass through UNCUT on usually 18 strict ratings. The murder couple is really terrible. One guy is buried in the neck in the sand, and then faced with a grenade face to face, and the other is literally legless after being defeated in a battle with a chain and pickup! There is also black humor, which, of course, is unintentional. We spend most of the film, seeing only the boots of the killer, when he gets out of the car and pursues the youth. But when it seemed to him that he was very much like Keanu Reeves near Bill and Ted's Fake Journey, I did not know what to expect. Fortunately, Crane knows exactly how to keep things creepy, and the showdowns are particularly vile, as the psycho mocks Chris sadistically. <br /> <br /> Surprisingly there are some surprisingly good performances from an extremely inexperienced actor. Divine Jennifer McAllister copes well with the role of the heroine and B.G. Steers portrays his rock delusion with finesse. The casting director wisely chose some of the most beautiful women ever killed in a slash cinema, and this, fortunately, is not at the expense of this potential. The soundtrack works well for creating an inconsolable atmosphere of isolation, which the director, who was supposed to sign and support Hollywood bumps, gently copes. Watch out for the superb sequence of nightmare that truly makes horror movies at its most bizarre. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late entry in the cycle, which was somewhat unfortunate to miss the boom year among the elite slashers. If you think this was done only with a seven-person train and a pickup truck, you have to say that they did a damn good job. The shortcomings are numerous, but never detract from the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you are probably more likely to find liquid gold in your coffee mug than ever to look for a copy. If you see it covered in dust on the top shelf of your local video store, then be sure to pick it up. Featured.
