It must have been hands down, hats, one of the loudest comedies ever made. Starting with animated beats, pop-up bubbles, entering the Daytime Awards, the usual fake fuss erupted by stars on the red carpet, rehearsed and poorly played thank-you speech, poisonous comments made by jealous colleagues and actor's producer. Under fake smiles. Now it is only in the first few minutes. Then all hell breaks out, and he becomes more and more crazy and ridiculous. Funny in a good way, no, do it in a great way. For the first time I saw the charming Teri Hatcher. Although I may not be a follower of Desperate Housewives, she herself is always in sight - the same goes for Lois and Clark. Not a big follower, but if I come across an episode, I’ll watch it. Robert Downey Jr. makes a great turn, like slimy, sly, snakey, angry, sycophantic David Seaton Barnes, the producer who will send his right eye to see Celeste Talbert from Sally Field leaving the show, at least to finally get it with Montana Murkhadi from Katie Moriarty. <br /> <br /> In this film, Moriarty absolutely shines, as wherever she appeared. Here, all she needs to do is scream "I hate you, I hate you, you crepe!" or wickedly smile at one of my co-conspirators — anti-Celeste — and she makes me ride down the aisles. Yes, Katie Moriarty is a very gifted actress and a damn comedienne actress. Sally Field gratefully departs from the usual 70-mm “Lifetime Tragedy of the Week” films, and we are reminded why she is what she is today, starting in a comedy that is not afraid of anything. Her subsequent years of drama hid her sense of humor, but, like a caterpillar in a cocoon, the brilliant comedy in which she flourished was glad to see her as merry as she was. The thing about dramatic actors and actresses is that you see them in such difficult, serious roles that you associate them with their character, and you cannot believe it when you see that they are finally having fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How lucky that the producers dropped Carrie Fisher at least for the famous cameo. She does not understand what kind of presence she carries on the screen. She takes a role that in the hands of a lesser actress could easily be forgotten, but she owns the character, and it looks like she wrote it herself. <br /> <br /> How lucky is Elizabeth Shu to get thrown in the middle of it all! At that time she was not known to many. The Nanny adventures were pretty nice (yes, they dragged me to an evening show for which I had to pay the full price), but she didn't get my attention — a lot. But here she makes the most of her character - the star's niece, who falls in love with the former co-star and the star's lover, who, of course, turns out to be the father of her niece, and the star turns out to be the mother of a poor girl. <br /> <br /> I will stop there - I feel that I have practically written a book about this brilliant humorous comedy, or at least a short story. If you saw this, then remember. If not, you missed the real classic, but not quite. The DVD is made from material that will last at least 25 years, and this film is timeless, so what the hell.
