Some of the best films that are classified as “comedies” are actually blurred between comedy and drama. The Graduate and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, which were also made in the late 1960s, are excellent examples. Are these comedies with dramatic overtones or dramas with a lot of humor? In many ways, the “Strange Couple” falls into the same category of comedies, but at the same time is very dramatic and deeply supported by human nature. Much of what happens can be funny to the audience, but the characters don't laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the rather carefree 1970s TV show, the original “Strange Couple” is not just about a neat guy. and a dirty guy who is forced to live together because of his marital status. In fact, we are talking about two opposites, which must understand why their marriages broke up, and how their harmful idiosyncrasies manifest themselves outside of marriage. The neatness characteristic of Felix Ungar (well played by Jack Lemon) and the irregularity characteristic of Oscar Madison (Walter Mattau) are only the beginning and somewhat superficial. As the story unfolds, we find that these people have much more than just tidiness and confusion. <br /> <br /> In short, the story is actually about Felix Ungar, who is facing impending divorce from his wife Frances. , with whom we never meet, but it is an important character throughout history. On the threshold of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: to the apartment of Oscar Madison, where a group of poker friends meets so often. We learn that Ungar is not only a member of this “poker club”, but the group knows what is happening to him and tries his best to help. Madison believes that the best way to help Ungar is to allow him to move in with him until his suicidal tendencies disappear. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison, he doesn’t know what he’s getting involved in. Madison is a carefree, heedless, but rather irresponsible slug whose fridge was last cleaned, probably when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to grab moldy cheese and stick it between two pieces of bread, and then drop the contents of the bag of chips on the table. On the other hand, he enjoys drinking and women, in a word, having a good time. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not only completely different, he is diametrically opposed. He is not only an obsessed man who finds more pleasure in disinfecting an apartment than he meets with women, but he knows more than most women about cooking and nutrition. At some point, he calls his ex-wife not to talk about reconciliation, but to get her meatloaf recipe. At another moment, Ungar was going to spend the rest of the evening slicing cabbage for coleslaw. When Madison seems unimpressed, Ungar finally admits that he did it only for his roommate, because he does not tolerate coleslaw. Who is this guy? But he has another attractive feature: Felix is ​​also a hypochondriac. He takes possession of his health to such an extent that he makes strange sounds in public places, claiming that he helps his sinuses. It seems that he has all the health conditions in the book. And if they were reconciled, Felix probably would have them. Ultimately, he is too immersed in himself. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, there are references to marriage. One day, when Madison tries to convince Ungar to move, he says: “What do you want, an engagement ring?” But you never know, he knows that this is not a neat guy who cannot cope with a dirty guy, but vice versa. Their friendship turns into a random hellish relationship. And the climax comes when Oscar invites two single British sisters to meet with comedic and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies of its kind ever written and not to be missed, with Walter Mattau and Jack Lemon's superb performances in roles that are difficult to imagine better played by anyone else. Unfortunately, the writing of this caliber, unfortunately, is absent in most comedies made today.
