In the original film “Strange Couple” there are some great comics. The whole world seems to know the story of the neurotic, ugly Felix Angara and the funny, otherwise naughty, Oscar Madison. This set of mismatched roommates has created one of the most successful television series of all time, as well as countless, not so good, imitations. <br /> <br /> In the film “Strange Couple” there are some great jokes about Oscar’s apartment and his careless habits. He says, "Who wants food?" One of his poker friends asks, "What do you have?" Oscar says, "I got brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." "What is brown?" This is either a completely new cheese, or very old meat! "I also like the Oscar fridge report:" It didn’t work for two weeks, I saw milk standing there that wasn’t even in the bottle! That Oscar Madison Walter Mattau is a joy to see on screen. He is almost as good as the version of Jack Klugman in the series. <br /> <br /> The problem with the film is Felix Ungar Jack Lemmon. very, honest effort over the role. The problem is that he makes Felix SO depressing and depressed that he becomes more annoying than comical. The performance of Tony Randall in the series brought the character of Felix’s humor, cordiality and sensitivity, which is missing in the image of Lemmon. Felix Unger Toni, obviously, can annoy some time. However, in the series this is due to specific situations where irritation was necessary in the storyline. Felix Ungar Jack (note the other writing) in the film seems never to be happy, fun or inter esting. The film “Felix Ungar” is a roommate who constantly drives you along the wall. <br /> <br /> There are still wonderful moments in the film that stand the test of time, the “famous” meatloaf fight is one of the greatest scenes ever! One of the other great examples of Felix's “little notes” on the Oscar pillow will be remembered forever. However, there are some darker sides, where Oscar goes beyond, His "crying" near the end after shouting out Felix and the scene involving Felix "Lingvini" dinner (although lit up with a funny line) seem more depressing than comical. <br /> There may not have been enough time to see the bright sides of these characters who made the series so memorable in the film. The beginning of 20 minutes is very boring. The same problem arises with the conversation of Felix with the sisters of Pijon. The end of the film is predictable and too. Very little care or compassion for each of them from the other. As a result, the dark side of the film leads to depression and anger, not comedy, unless you watch the magnificent scenes described above. It seems that the monotonous character of Jack Lemmon from the movie Felix confuses the film, and does not strengthen or perceive the comedy between the characters. <br /> <br /> In order to make the “Strange Couple” of the 1970s, it was necessary to make the series “Odd couple” the best way to be. The original film is still very good. However, the show is much better.
