At the opening of "Strange Couple" there is something to offer more than in most films. Felix Unger (the monogram of the poor man even curses him) is registered at the New York hotel. The cleaning lady says: "Good night." “Goodbye,” he replies. In his room, he empties his pockets, then struggles to remove his wedding ring in order to carefully place the objects in an envelope addressed to his wife and beloved children. When will the viewer finally collect it? aha, is he going to disconnect himself ?? do we watch his struggle to open the window ?? oh no, is he going to jump ?? The poor guy hurts his lower back. Is that all you need to know about Felix Unger ?? his wife left him, he is an obsessive cleaner and hypochondriac. And all in one scene. Is this the special genius of the comedy Neil Simon ?? it's about the situation and character. There are some obvious physical jokes ?? no kicks in the groin, no cheap jokes ?? just funny characters in uncomfortable situations. And, of course, he is a master of manipulating the expectations of the audience. Starting from the era of swingers, imagine that I was thinking about a date on the scene when Felix begins to lament over the breakup of his marriage with the girls who his roommate Oscar tried so hard to get into his apartment. He blows, right? Think again. Girls love his sensitivity, his ability to cry in front of them. They invite him back to their place, as his meatloaf burned down, because Oscar did not pay enough attention to it. He's like Flynn, right? Oh, yes, but he does not want to go with the girls, because he feels vulnerable. Quality goods. And this is done even more with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes a wonderful eight-room apartment suite. You have Jack Lemmon and Walter Mattau's pompous bag for Chrissakes, why spoil everything? The visual style reminded me of Breakfast in Tiffany, in which a great effect is made of great depth of field and the interaction between different plans of action. Particularly memorable is the scene in which Felix, fleeing from Oscar, closes the section only to understand that the section does not cover the direction from which the Oscar comes. You will get a real idea of ​​the layout of the apartment and, therefore, of the proximity of the two divorced. The bottom line is, are these two really married? each other. Thus, observations about family life, which can be ignored in the usual romantic comedy, become even more acute, as they are two guys.
