I don’t think I’ve really ever given Walter Mattau proper comedic performances. Of course, he was brilliant in many carefree roles, but I believe that I always referred his success to the stinginess and ruthlessness of his characters, a rough contrast with the vivid personality of his frequent film mate Jack Lemmon and, I suppose, the natural continuation of his early works in dramatic scenes. Watching Gene Sachs "Strange Couple" (1968), taken from the popular play by Neil Simon, suddenly realized that Mattaw himself was absolutely funny! Initially, he seemed to the audience dirty, rude and generally unattractive, his Oscar Madison finally managed to penetrate into our hearts, the culmination of which was the ingenious recognition of emotions that Mattaw pulls out in not quite his own voice. At the same time, although he plays the role of a comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is, of course, completely flawless; In fact, the film rightfully belongs to both actors, who never failed to illuminate the movie screen on their own, not to mention working together. <br /> <br /> Recalling Billy Wilder’s Flat (1960) script. this Neil Simon comedy is built around a rather painful room. An obsessive house cleaner, Felix Unger (Lemmon), whom his 12-year-old wife had just evicted, tries to commit suicide, but uselessly rejects this idea after tearing down his back, trying to open a hotel window. Dejected, he arrives at the house of a good friend of Oscar (Mattau), a diluted saliva, who lives alone on a diet of potato chips and green sandwiches (which may contain either very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to stay, but soon he is struck by the choosy personality of his friend and the constant demand for absolute cleanliness. The couple forms an unusual marriage, Felix assumes the role of a effeminate and constantly nagging wife, and Oscar - a sloppy, disrespectful husband who always comes home later than he should. This marriage hardly lasts three weeks, and by the end we can fully sympathize with Felix's ex-wife, who remains invisible. <br /> <br /> “Strange couple” is an amazing comedy, most of all because he has a lot of heart. Despite all their controversies, it is obvious that the two roommates have a lot of affection for each other, especially touchingly observable, when Felix tries to start a violent tirade instead ?? possible by negligence ?? ending with informing Oscar about how he “tops”. Four poker buddies (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haynes) also constantly offend each other because of some obscure annoyance, but one cannot deny that they have the best intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him, theoretically it sounded fine, but perhaps ignoring was not the correct solution to Felix’s dark feelings of inadequacy and inconsistency. Unlike some comedies based on popular stage plays {I was recently disappointed with Wilder’s “Seven Years' Itch” (1955)}, this film does not just strike with the same chord, and the relationship between the two hosts gradually develops, thanks to tears, laughter and a lot of disagreement.
