I received this film from a cousin in Norway and had to convert it from Norwegian to American using copied video. Comparing this film (1948) with “Heroes of Telemark” (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (“Fight for Heavy Water”) plays the saboteurs themselves, playing their respective roles, although the actors also played the roles of saboteurs, considering their life in Norway’s fight for freedom in later campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian, French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> What was impressive about this course of history was what led to the fight. French scientists were interested in obtaining about two hundred kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to return to France for laboratory studies of its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in obtaining heavy water to create a secret weapon. The French were concerned that the Nazis could take the lead by launching the invasion of Norway, and with the help of secret codes their man carefully escaped Nazi spies during his trip to Oslo, where he received heavy water and returned without interference. He was watched by two spies when he boarded an airliner, but they did not see him jump from the other side, where he crossed the asphalt to another plane nearby, where his cargo was waiting for him. This cunning trick worked, using the airliner as bait, which the Nazis subsequently overthrew in Hamburg. <br /> <br /> However, during the invasion of Norway on the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazis seized the Norsk-Hydro and the Norwegian underground and British intelligence in London had to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad offered his services to eleven young Norwegians; the Lastochka and Gunnerside groups, which successfully sabotage the production of heavy water in Vemork. This was shown in detail on how they actually performed the operation, including the flood of the ferry after the Nazis left Norsk Hydro to deliver heavy water to rail cars in Berlin. <br /> <br /> The quality of the film was honest, although there were many intergrowths in it. I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in the history of the Second World War.
