It sounds a little embarrassing to call a film about war and a shocking Holocaust, since many of us know too well the horrors that war and violence carry. Using the adjective “shocking”, I’m not going to mean that I’m surprised at the things that are told in this film, or that I didn’t know about them before, I’m just very impressed with how this movie shows how crazy and incomprehensible to kill each other friend, both with the "cause" and without it. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film is devoted to the successful participation of Hannah in the resistance of Hungary. Marushka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this performance due to inconsistent directing, but still her acting is quite solid, and she has a huge charisma. She played very well, like Hannah, and immediately we liked. Of course, her very beautiful appearance helps, but this has nothing to do with the fact that she is just a good actress who plays a good role. <br /> <br /> There are still some controversies in the Hannah war. I sometimes understand that the director of the idea, Menachem Golan (often despised for “The Murder of Gianni Versace”), was in a hurry and had to actually allow a few more takes on the stage. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he shot this impressive and thought-provoking film, and since I am very positive about it, I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic. It tells about the sufferings of Hannah (beware of the terrible image of Donald Plesins of the cruel and sardonic captain Roshi) and demonstrates intensely the injustice and horror that accompany hatred, violence and war. I get Hannah’s War, especially in the second half, as a strong anti-war film, and for that alone the Golan deserves praise. This is also the second half, in which Marushka Detmer’s talent manifests itself, creating a character who enters the history of cinema as one of the most talkative, powerful and tragic in history. It’s also nice to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and acting style always remind me of Romy Schneider, who - if she were alive and abandoned - would have made the same effective contribution to Hannah’s war. <br /> <br /> The tragic impact of the second half and the desperate tension that sometimes gives way to encouraging prospects and good news lead to a series of final scenes that show something so unexpected, so touching and poetic in its tragedy that it hit me like a bomb and left me in tears. And when I once again realized that this was not even an invention, all this really happened, I found myself crying even more. The image of Hannah, depicted by Marushka Demers, will forever remain in my memory.
