This film attracts a lot of attention, but usually it is based on a bad looking and covered / dressed version of the film that played on American television, and was also released to death on VHS and DVD, such as Alpha, Unicorn, etc. The film is never was a theatrical release in the states, although it was filmed by the Avco embassy in 1973. In Spain, at the time when nudity was involved, the filmmakers shot two versions: one with clothes and the other without. The completely uncut English-language export font was called WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS and seems to have been released for home videos only in Sweden back in the 80s. It can be found on Ebay and likes and is highly recommended. I guess Avco cut the film for an R release that never happened. In 1974, it was released for television by Avco under the name FURY OF THE WOLFMAN, and a dressed version was used for this television print. After 12 years, FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appears on a home video on the Charter label. This version seems to be what Avco was going to release back in '73. This is an open version, with some nudity, which will never pass on TV or in the movie PG. On the Charter’s tape there are several nude scenes that are dressed in television print (the source of all these dollar dudov and VHS editions). But a comparison with a completely uncircumcised WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS shows that 2 scenes are cut out in this version! (Spoilers in the next paragraph) The scene where Ilona rips Waldermar against a wall and whips him after he turns into a werewolf is not completed. Once in submission, she begins to take off her clothes and begins to make love with a werewolf !!! The werewolf reacts positively to these sexual machinations. This scene is certainly considered one of the most unusual in the history of horror films and is a crazy pleasure. This is not graphics, but the implied bestiality was too much for the American audience, or rather the MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Valdemar and cannot take possession of him, hence her whole plan - to control Valdemar's wife and involve her in the novel. She wanted to destroy his marriage, and she achieves this while Valdemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately, it returns a werewolf, but that does not slow it down. If she cannot physically have him as a man, she loves him enough to have sex with him like a werewolf. It also helps to explain the later scene, where the werewolf goes to bed with the woman, whom he sees undressing before going to bed, looking into her window. This scene is presented without a nude in a cover version and really does not make sense. In the uncut version, it seems that Ilona’s attachment brought the werewolf into an excited state and needs to be released, so he raped the first woman he could after escaping. Another episode is Valdemar’s full scene in bed with Karen, and they see her naked. A very similar bedroom scene was cut from the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS VAMPIRE WOMAN). The film does have its problems, though, for sure. The director was drunk, poor werewolf interception, brutal overlap in English, the inclusion of episodes from Waldemar’s first film Mark from the Wolf, known as Frankenstein’s Bloody Terror, and the grotesque abuse of the music of this film everywhere, etc. The original widescreen format and uncut (i.e. WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS) is one of the wildest and outrageous in the series of werewolves of Daninsky, with a storyline unparalleled in everything except the kitchen sink approach. The cut / clad pan and scanned full-screen copies of this film offer no advantages, and, unfortunately, almost everyone who commented on the film saw this version. The film is copyright 1970, and I’m sure that the release date for 1972 on IMDb is incorrect. The film precedes WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) on the show and was certainly released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPING / FURY OF THE WOLFMAN dovetail directly at the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, offering concrete evidence of this. Unfortunately, the full version of this may never get a decent release. The ideal release would be an uncut English version, but in Spanish with English subtitles. English dubbing badly hurts the film. But any Spanish version will reflect the covered version shown in Spain in the Franco era, where nudity was verboten.
