Someday someone is going to write an essay comparing Paul's The Rage of the Wolf by Paul Our with the great Spanish surrealist films L'age D'or and Un Chien Andelou. Our film is a masterpiece of delirium from start to finish. Dali and Bunuel probably enjoyed it, and they ate from the bottom of their hearts, watching someone do it with such obvious ease that they had to wrestle with their head to tear themselves away. <br /> <br /> The film lacks a cohesive structure, although it has a plot that moves from A to B to C. Something ridiculous because of “Professor Walterman” - his name, keep in mind - that was bitten by a monster Yeti during the expedition to Tibet and since then has not changed, of course. One of his jealous colleagues, the mad daughter of the famous Dr. Wolfstein, knows about his condition and tells him that his wife cheated on him. But this is a setup for a distorted scientific experiment to unleash his inner beast. <br /> <br /> Walterman breaks out, turns into a werewolf, kills several people, is killed by electric current, dies, is buried, not buried, taken to a castle filled with circus monsters, connected to various machines, embedded with various electronic effects, injected with powerful elixirs, chained, turning into a werewolf, his woman in an evening dress with high Nazi fetish boots beats him, he escapes, helps a pretty woman doctor to find a way out of the castle, fights off circus monsters with th battle-ax, eventually turns back into a werewolf and has to fight to the death against the embodiment of female werewolf changing his wife. The lady in Nazi boots shoots him with silver bullets from a Luger pistol, they die together, and the pretty doctor leaves in the morning with a grumbling reporter who did nothing. "Look! What a beautiful day!" <br /> <br /> La furia del Hombre Lobo was written by Paul Ours in a hurry. The first director, Enrique Egiles, was fired and replaced by Jose Maria Zabals, a drunkard who was sadly drunk throughout the production. He was often unable to work (although he found time to instruct his 14-year-old nephew to make some changes to the script), and Ours eventually directed most of the film without a loan. Zabaltsa really gathered enough to shoot some of the fighting scenes from one of our previous films, The Sign of the Wolf. The scenes were, fortunately, good enough to be used twice, even if the costumes were different, and helped determine the lead time after Zabaltsa refused to get out of bed to finish the film. Postproduction was a nightmare. No one knew who was doing the editing, the money ran out, the workshop press disappeared for a while, and then the manager arrived at the preview for the film distributor to see how Zabalza was urinating into the ditch in front of the theater. He was too drunk to find a toilet, but at least he got to the curb. <br /> <br /> But the movie somehow works, if you allow it. This is the key to those atavistic memories of dark castles, vaulted catacombs, chains, whips, gloomy swamps. Fans of such things will find it hypnotically watchable, even if the story as a whole does not make much sense due to the intermittent interruption of performance. In one scene, torrential rain and a wolf howls with a lightning; in the next picture, his bone has dried and he howls in the full moon. Then it rains again. And yet you do not look at it as an oversight. It is like a dream unfolding, where contradictions are possible, the opposites are the same, and the consequence causes causes; First, the wolfman picks up the power cable and screams, and then the cable starts to sparkle from the electricity. People say that his low budget harms overall performance - I say that the film would be inaccessible for viewing if they had more pennies. It is a miracle to do something out of nothing, and this is not because of what it could have, but because of what it does. It is easy to laugh at such things and even easier to give them up. The trick is to see through chaos, or rather, to view chaos as part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Our Paul died last week at the age of 75. He suffered from pancreatic cancer. A year or more, he worked on film projects until the last days, but he died in Madrid, Spain, with his family, undergoing chemotherapy. His rich, diverse, and surprisingly long career is the legacy of people stubbornly pursue his artistic vision in the face of universal core disinterest. And yet, in each of us, there is an eleven-year-old child who will watch his films, like The Rage of the Wolf, delighted. Even people who do not like Euro Horror will find something in this film that can be surprised, at least for a couple of minutes in several places. You can find it for free in Archive. Org or even buy it on DVD for nickel. It costs much, much more. <br /> <br /> It's funny, but Nashi was horrified to learn that many others, like me, consider this perverted, sick, insane little movie to be a classic, if not outspoken masterpiece of cinematic dementia. The problems he encountered during production, and the mess in the film that was left after, were perhaps too personal artistic disappointment that Nashi could not forgive. I would never dare to forgive him for him, but I will say this: I would prefer to watch The Wolf Rage in the most meager, cropped and humiliated full-screen public print than ever, despite the domineering, nasty stuff in this or any weekend where you can meet with the cinema "Swine Flu." <br /> <br /> This month the world has lost a great artist. Watch his films and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
