Violent farce in the world of glamorous daytime soap operas! This movie is hilarious! Admittedly, you should have a taste for movies with a scream, hysterical dialogue, excessive play and melodramatic plot twists. But if you do, you will get one hell of a pleasure. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, the daytime television queen of suffering. Celeste's easy life turns into turmoil with the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elizabeth Shue), her long-lost niece, and, at the same time, Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - magnificent as always), Celeste's longtime lover. But Celeste was hiding a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Laurie and Jeffrey might just reveal it. Add to the devilish Montana Moorhead (wonderful Katie Moriarty, completely "a great woman with testosterone in a free mode"), who is struggling to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey Jr.), a soap producer who conspires with Montana to destroy Celeste; and Rose Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg), screenwriter and the only real confidant of Celeste, and a lot of plotting and general chaos await you. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies like this are hard to do (does anyone remember Mixed Nuts?), but when done well, it can be damn funny! The main ingredient needed for any good comedy is the selection of experienced professionals who know that the funniest things often do not say, but see in expression or look. Field, Klein, Goldberg and everyone else work so well together and, obviously, have a great time, that their energy and enthusiasm can hardly be carried away. Shu is obviously the weakest link here, but it attracts attention only because it is surrounded by Field, Klein and others. Moriarty - outstanding in the spectacular villainous role, forcing you to think about the hottest devilish dominatrix you have ever seen !! There are also many familiar faces that you will recognize in small (but, nevertheless, very funny) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Harry Marshall, Katie Najimi and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman maintains a fast tempo, and the historical plot moves to a big finish. Mention should also be made of the script by Robert Harling, carefully designed for the production of a soap opera in a soap opera. The dialogue boils with magnificent lines, brilliantly put forward actors (I would argue that many of these things were improvised). <br /> <br /> Listen, if you want to see a bunch of professionals doing what they do best and having a great time, do it in your hands. If not for something else, it will cheer you up and make you laugh!
