I saw it at the premiere and looked at the IFC again. This is a great story from a multitude of possible stories of immigrant farmers who came to Hawaii to work on sugar plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of this migration; My parents were born on the plantation of Kohala (Big Island) during the filming of the film. I moved to the Big Island more than a year ago, having lived for more than 30 years in California. I was surprised to see that many of the former lands for reed growing are still untapped, and wild reeds continue to grow years after the closure of the plantations. I heard a lot of stories from my aunt and uncle who were children growing up on the plantation. This film helps to portray such stories and memories. This story is a historical document rather than a romantic plot. This leaves me to shake my head to read the review, like ccthemovieman. Some people just don't get it. <br /> <br /> I don’t remember that Yuki Kudo had a major role with which she did an incredible job. I recall her great performances in the Jim Jarmusch film "Mystery Train" and in the Australian film, which starred with Russell Crowe "Heaven's Burning". Tamlin Tomita did a great job on her pidgin English, especially for those who did not grow up on the islands. I forgot that Toshiro Mifune had a cameo as a movie narrator. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an uncredited, non-talking role as one of the plantation workers during the pay-pay scene. <br /> <br /> I was saddened to learn that the director and co-author of the film, Kayo Hatta, died as a result of accidental drowning in 2005. <br /> <br /> There are two other wonderful foreign films that reflect this experience of the reed plantation: "Gaijin" about immigrant workers in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same time period; and Sugar Cane Alley, on the experience of growing cane in Africa. The latter is still available, but unfortunately, “Gaijin” has not been shown for a long time. Another great film about America’s early Asian experience, when immigrants were more like slaves, was “A Thousand Gold Coins.” This was due to the participation of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, which starred Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
