I read with great interest the only comment available on this film before my performance, and first I would like to say that I understand the point of view of the previous user who commented on this film very well: if you look from an Israeli point of view, I can very well imagine that this film raises very sensitive issues and that the smallest details can be of great importance to the viewer, who is more or less directly concerned about the events depicted in this film. I would like to say that “Distortion” was shown at the Geneva Film Festival in November 2005 (the “Cinéma tout écran” festival), where he received an audience award (“Prix du public” in French). As for me, I liked the work of the “nervous camera” of Mr. Buzaglo, who, in my opinion, very well portrayed the atmosphere of extreme tension and anxiety in the film, and I think that most Swiss viewers appreciated this in the movies. This view, however, may seem completely "alien" to the Israeli audience, but not so surprising when it comes to Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country that has never been subjected to any terrorist attacks. Therefore, it is not surprising that viewers in Geneva rated this film with a much more “detached” perspective. I would also like to quote what Mr. Buzaglo said when he gave an interview to the Geneva newspaper (I translate from French): “After 50 years of living here and after all this violence, we can ask ourselves whether we can still be normal . Sometimes we think it will be easier to commit suicide than to go on living. We are like characters in my film, "on the edge of the edge." This is the reason why a private detective who is somehow a “voyeur” is the happiest character in the film because he makes a living from the system, he takes advantage of this situation. ” The main thing that I and the Swiss public, in my opinion, pointed out in this film, and that we did not pay attention to some discrepancies in relation to the characters in the film, which the previous reviewer pointed out with great accuracy and humor. So, to summarize, another country = another point of view, but I think this is somehow great, because it convinces me of what influences the future of cinema, that is, that it is never exposed to the “unique” of formatted way of thinking.
