Distortion is an alarming, haunting film about life imitating art, and art reflecting life. Chaim Buzaglo, the film's director, plays the role of Chaim Buzaglo, an artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright who finds inspiration in his suspicions about his girlfriend's documentary. As an Arab suicide bomber disguised in a skullcap and an American T-shirt, wanders around the landscape in search of his goal and his nerves, Haim talks about the life of his girlfriend, shooting his documentary, and talks about himself and his actors during rehearsals. But the bomber had already hit, and Haim left the restaurant a few minutes earlier. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is crystal clear, comprehensive and exciting, brilliant commentary on the “distortion” of everyday Israeli life, where the political intertwines with the personal, where everyone lives “on the edge” and people never know whether they play the main roles in their own lives or are simply irreplaceable players in the dramatic narration of someone else. <br /> <br /> Buzaglo plays with the idea that each person brilliantly plays a role in an alien production. We are always voyeurs, seeing that a fictional director sees illegally, but also what the “real” director decides to reveal. To remind us that these glimpses are privacy violations, Buzaglo leads us to the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes the bedroom leads to the street and to the roof) and repeatedly displays its views on a TV screen, video or security screens. Actors play the role of actors who represent the "real" characters that the actors play. Of course, each of the actors is a star of his or her own production, only vaguely aware of his diminished role in the personal films of his fellow actors. The detective hired by the playwright becomes the character of the play. An actor hired for the role of a detective, searches for a detective for "tips" on how to play the role, gets on the detective film with supervision, and they attend the acting party as their real "me." <br /> <Despite this multiplicity of views, one cannot be mistaken in the clear lines of this narrative: the playwright is looking for a subject, the bomber is looking for a target, and the detective is chasing the director. There is no difficulty in finding the ultimate goal of Buzaglo, an energetic and powerless Israel, fully aware of the imminent danger, but unable to take meaningful actions. Israel - Buzaglo, a powerless fictional playwright, cannibalizing his life for the sake of his play. Israel is also a bankrupt entrepreneur soldier who is the subject of a documentary film by a director, deceptive actors and actresses, and a cuckold husband. All of them are Israel, because they are all helpless, caught in inaction or purposeless actions, as the bomber scans the terrain in search of its best goal. All that the characters can do is said to be another explosion, to have sex and keep a “tally” for the victims. <br /> <br /> At the end of this play in the film in the film there is a personal triumph, an excuse, perhaps revenge. But the audience will remain rooting for the State of Israel, even if they are full of admiration for Buzaglo’s unforgettable view of the plight of the nation in telling the story of an individual.
