This is perhaps the best director of the film Haim Buzaglo, made so far. An experienced television director, well trained to tell stories and direct his actors in long epics, he tried to grasp the essence of the particular psychological situation in which the Israelis live, although under constant threat of terror, leading to "distorted" lives. Each character tries to live his life, to observe and control the other, while other characters watch and control him and, basically, constant pressure from political and historical forces that are beyond his control. Some people call it fate, but in this film, fate has a very specific idea. <br /> <br /> In the “Distortion” there is no obvious political statement. Characters never discuss politics, even at the level of saying “bastards!” When they hear that a new terrorist attack is taking place. Their reaction to events is to localize the attack and count the victims using official terminology and media terms for the dead and wounded. They actually do not live, but survive in the borrowed time, are happy that they survived one bomb, and wait for the next one to happen. It seems that personal, social, professional life works, but it is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The main character, played by the director, is a playwright, whose personal and creative midlife crisis is aggravated by the pressure of events and the fact that he was lucky to leave the site of the terrorist attack a few minutes before the bombing. He hires a private investigator to keep track of his girlfriend, an investigative reporter on television, whom he suspects the plot of her next show picks up - another disastrous man, a former military man whose business and family life is crumbling due to events. He begins to write a play that copies reality and brings it to the stage, in the theater, on the stage of a film that resembles Hamlet, and also at Sinekdoche, New York. It’s not that I dare to suspect Charlie Kaufman looking over Buzaglo’s shoulder, he certainly doesn’t need it, but the screen of the Israeli director brilliantly anticipated the later film (and the first director Kaufman). As in the American cinema, the actors play real people and begin to interact with them in the melange of “reality meets on the stage - there is reality”, in which there is never enough logic, at least, artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Buzaglo sends its actors using ordinary talent to trust them and gives them the freedom to live in situations rather than act on them. His style is much more free here than in his television series, and the effects of “distortion”, although borrowed from American horror films, work quite well in everything. The ending seemed to me a bit rhetorical and sharply unsatisfactory, but the shadow of a suicide killer stalking the movie and the whole situation in the time cycle will also follow the audience when he remembers this movie.
