- A very beautiful red-haired woman waiting for her plane meets a charming young man with whom she communicates. When they get on a plane and sit next to each other, the young man Jack becomes deadly, threatening Lisa to either change the room in which the politician and his wife remain, or die her father. Now look what happens when you go by bus, this does not happen in the first class. <br /> <br /> - In addition to the conflict that occurs during the flight, the other thing with which this movie is sharing is "Flightplan" is just unbelievable * if it is a word * of history. The point is to get the main character to change the politician's room so that he can be killed, which is a pretty plausible plan, but will it not be easier for Jack to find someone who understands computers and get him to hack into the hotel system? Today, teenagers can do something with computers, so I'm sure it would be easier for him to simply force someone to change him with a computer, instead of spying on Lisa and making her have trouble. she gets into the movie. <br /> <br /> - Another thing that seemed strange to me was that no one on the plan heard any of the things they were talking about. They talked about a very small plane, and since their voices were rising from time to time, it seems to me that other passengers should have heard something. But I am 100% sure that I read too much. The film should be as realistic as the episode "24", so such difficulties can not cause confusion. Despite all my complaints, this is still a very funny movie that does its job. This is not exactly the type that requires closing your brain, but at the same time, great intelligence is not required for complete enjoyment. <br /> <br /> - I would love to sit here in my comfortable chair and enthusiastically about the brilliant action in the film, but in fact I can not. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Killian Murphy, and I like Brian Cox, but they don't really stretch their acting muscles here. In fact, this is not a big problem, as this is not the film in which the studios hope to receive many awards, and the acting is not at all terrible, just not great. Wes Craven is not the first to come to mind when you think about a film like this, but he does a very good job, given the time they had to shoot the film and the insufficient depth of the script. It was definitely a huge improvement compared to the disappointing “Damned”, and no matter how much I like that he does something else with this film, I still would like him to return to what he did in the past - these are big horror films that have been talking about decades since its release. <br /> <br /> - One good thing about the movie that I really appreciated was how short the movie was. It is great to sit and watch a good three-hour film from time to time, but at the moment it looks like every movie that comes out seems too long, while this film just feels like the right length. Not too long and not too short. They do not waste time trying to develop characters too much, because they know that this is not the movie, and thus made a very good short film. Being a huge fan of film music, I have to say that the best part of the film is Marco Beltrami’s incredibly cool score. It is very nice to see Beltrami moving from writing predictable things to great music, which he now performs. I am really cool techno / orchestral stuff that he does for the main titles. I wish I could find a soundtrack anywhere, I would really like to listen to the headlines any time I want, instead of inserting a DVD, when I want to hear them. <br /> <br /> In general, this is good for what it is, and although it is far from a great movie, you should still consider a small entertainment hour and a half.
