Red Eye starts in Texas, where hotel administrator Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is going to take the last red eye flight back to Miami, where she lives and works. While waiting for her plane, Lisa meets a handsome and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy), and they both seem to knock him off his feet, then when they get on a plane, they discover that, by coincidence, they are sitting next to each other. As soon as the plane takes off, and they are in the air, Jackson tells who he really is, and that their seemingly random encounter was not an accident, Jackson says that he works for someone who wants to kill National Security Secretary Charles Keith ( Jack Scalia) And they need her to change his rooms at the hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel and have her father killed ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Wes Craven, who may be better known for his horror films like The Last House on the Left (1972), " A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), Snakes and Rainbows (1989), People Under the Stairs (1991) and the Cry for Teenagers trilogy, a short, sharp and fast-paced little thriller such as Red Eye. a big departure from the movie, which usually makes Craven. Carl Ellsworth's screenplay is an amazingly exciting thriller, which I must admit, I really liked, just over 85 minutes in length, it is a very fast moving, economical and straightforward movie of its kind, which is almost entirely focused on one tense, trained the plot, and not go in different directions with a large number of scenes. Some may like this approach, like me, and some will not, but I think that it attracts you to the action much more, because it goes tight and fast without slowing down the film and gives you the opportunity to relax. I really liked the plot for Red Eye, of course, such a film will always have one or two dubious moments from the point of view of the plot, but, damn it, this is a film created for entertainment, and for me this is what he did. I really liked the two main characters, Lisa looks very cute, while Jackson Rippner (an obvious game named after the infamous Victorian serial killer Jack the Ripper) is a slimy villain with a cold, respectively: “I just do my job like a mindset. Another advantage is that I didn’t think that someone behaved too stupidly, everyone actually seemed like people, and the films are played out relatively plausibly. I liked it a lot, and this is one of the best recent films by Craven. <br /> <br /> Craven turns into a good tense, tense, trained and fast-paced thriller with an attractive cast, a good fighter and an exciting plot. He, of course, does not hang around, and as soon as he begins the action and tension, which he never weakens, the most effective part of the film is far and away - when Rippner holds Lisa hostage on an airplane, and as soon as the film switches to the fathers of Miami and Lisa House is getting a bit more chore, but it's still good. Particular mention should be made of Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely gorgeous in this; I could probably see Red Eye again just because she looks stunning in her. Those who see the name Wes Craven, attached to the Red Eye, expect the horror film to think again, because there is no horror at all (despite the fact that IMDb lists Horror as the Red Eye genre). I'm not sure about the final, on the one hand, it was nice to see a live villain for change, which goes against traditional expectations, but it would be more pleasant to see Lisa somehow kill him. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks obviously gave Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44,000,000, but cut it to $ 25,000,000, although it is still a very good movie with brilliant production value. Actually filmed in Los Angeles and Florida in California. The film was supposedly written with the participation of husband and wife Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn, intended for the main roles, but in the end the creators chose the younger ones. As I have already said, Rachel McAdams is a real sweetie for the eyes, she is very good at this and worth watching the movie herself. Oh, and she does a good job too. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a very fast-paced, trained little thriller filled with tension that I really liked, I didn’t think I would enjoy it as much as I did. And I'm glad I decided to watch it. It definitely gets recommendations from me, and Rachel McAdams is really the hottest thing about it ...
