During a night flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be an assassin who demands help in killing a businessman, otherwise her own father will die. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a terrific thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The package is similar to a cell and phone booth, but Red Eye is better than both of these films. Almost everything in Red Eye is above average, including tension, actions and direction. Most of the movie takes place on the plane, but that doesn't slow down the movie. The film is very fast and exciting, without slow and boring spots. Wes Craven does a really good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on the thrill, he focuses on the story and characters. The film has some troubling moments, but this is not what the film is really about. I also like the way Wes Craven focuses on other passengers, and the small details that become important later. Red Eye really shows off your storytelling skills. <br /> <br /> Red Eye also works well thanks to its young and talented performance. Rachel McAdams gives a very attractive job, and her character is hard to hate. You can even end up cheering for her out loud. Cillian Murphy gives a very creepy and effective performance as a villain. The way he initially acts charmingly, and then becomes crazy, is especially impressive. Supporting actors are also pretty good, including Brain Cox and Jama Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very stylish, and it has this terrible atmosphere. The settlement works well, as there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape. In general, the tone of the film is constantly creepy. The script is not as strong as anything else. There are several unrealistic moments that can distract the viewer. Most of them didn't bother me, but only a few left me to shake my head. In addition, the end is disappointing. This is not a bad ending, just a very simple one, and a different approach would be better. Since the film focuses on the characters, there are really no screams, perhaps just a few jumps. If you expect a horror movie, then disappoint. After all, Red Eye is an exciting thriller, and this is one of the best movies of the summer. Rating 8/10
