Scream was Wes Craven's latest worthy thriller. Since then, there has been nothing but an unbearable band of Hollywood trash barely enough for a blockbuster, including disappointment at the continuation of Creek. Perhaps the genius and mastery of the film sucked all the energy and creativity out of it, so that when it was time for dinner, he had nothing to serve us, except for his own soul. Finally, after who knows how many bad movies later, he gives us a delightful, ruthless, exciting, frightening exciting thriller with “Red Eye”. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams again demonstrates a pleasant performance, playing the role of a hotel manager who has an unfortunate connection with an important political figure and a permanent member of her hotel. Then she meets at Jackson Ripner airport (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beond), with whom she learns a little better after the delayed flight and the breeze breeze. What she does not know, he already knows her. And he also knows her father, whom she will never see again, if she cannot cooperate and meet Jackson's demands — use her connections to set up her hotel regularly for murder. <br /> <br /> You probably think about it. This is nothing but your everyday thriller with predictability and chase. Although it is a good old-fashioned thriller, that's its beauty. No special effects. No cheap makeup. Just classic suspense. You feel despair and regret from every decision that McAdams has to make, and you actually take care of her, encouraging her with every move she makes to find a way out of her claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> As always, she performs an entertaining and convincing performance. It is either her sweet face, or her strange ability to cry wholeheartedly, but you always seem to sympathize with her if her role demands it. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, looks naturally creepy, so even if the trailer didn’t reveal it, his final transition from the charming stranger to the merciless donkey is not so surprising. Perhaps it would be far more strange to see such a good guy as Tobey Maguire turn into an evil ruthless madman. However, Killian Murphy, after his real identity was established, played a role so firmly that you really would like him to die, or at least get a kick in the ass. <br /> <br /> Don't forget about this feature. There are many moments of squeal of the chalkboard and jumpers in the heart, which will keep your eyes on the screen, and not on your watch, as in recent photographs of Craven. If not for you, do it at all times when you see that your girlfriend, boyfriend, or someone with popcorn jumps and clings to you. Wes finally gets it right. In addition to the trademark prowess in tension, Red Eye is not deprived of its humor, since replacing Cynthia McAdams at the front desk fumbles to keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that Red Eye did not disappoint. Instead, you will enjoy the way McAdams will show another incredibly talented performance, Murphy will look more terrible by the minute, and Craven will create a classic traditional thriller. The flight, which was postponed and would have been the beginning of Craven's rebirth, arrived just after Creek.
