"Intervention" helped me get rid of bad habits and recovery. I am an elderly father of two children. I am quite functional in my personal and professional life. However, I have pain from the past, when I use addictions to calm, and problems that I gradually recover from. When these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me improve my life and my relationship with my family. <br /> <br /> The show, unlike many others, is digging into the past of a drug addict and revealing events that probably caused their addiction. Many of us suffer because it’s too scary to come back and do, as Alice Miller says, “discovering and accepting the truth in the individual and unique story of our childhood”. The show deserves great praise for the fact that, at least, this process has begun. This digging is painful and difficult, but worth it. Such a great coverage of addiction - fictional and not fictional - seems to ignore the underlying problems. It is often assumed that an addict just one day started to jump up or something else for fun, or for pleasure, or for his own interest, and now they can't stop. Not so: addictions are associated with killing pain. I can relate to various events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common themes and amazing exceptions. Many addicts suffer from abuse. Some children simply do not respond well to a divorce. To those who believe that addiction is an overreaction to difficulties, I would say that different people react differently. While some children do well with the divorce, others, such as Christie in the series, "fall in a heap on the floor," and their lives change forever as a result of this event. <br /> <br /> For example, yesterday's consultant said that Pretty Young Andrea is seeking confirmation from men. She undresses for a 75-year-old neighbor and allows men to mock her. Sounds familiar? The series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motives and make changes in our lives. Often those of us who have the least problems suffer the most. As the saying goes, even a clock with a stop works twice a day, but a slow clock can go unnoticed for a long time, until they make your life miserable. <br /> <br /> Producers: Thank you for showing to dig in the past for future events. In addition, the graphics, format and thematic music are great. <br /> <br /> For addicts: thanks for your courage to share. Whether you helped yourself or not, you helped me.
