I like this show, but the format requires some work. First, good attributes. I love how this show will lead us through the daily life of the addict, because the producers know how to make the addict show us how badly they let their lives become. This is followed by an intervention, followed by an outcome. Intervention does not embellish things, and sometimes the result (often short-term due to lack of time between filming and broadcasting) is a negative result. This makes positive results even better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like about the show is the quality of the camera. Taking into account the fact that these operators are forced to shrink anywhere and have no advantages over shooting scenes, the picture is surprisingly good and stable. These are actually better scenarios, such as Shield, where the picture is so bad that it can cause nausea. <br /> <br /> Now bad. The episode will sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed during the show. You will be involved in the story of one addict, and then suddenly find yourself in the story of another. Immerse yourself in this story, and suddenly you return to the first drug addict ... or not? By now you may have forgotten what occasion the persons who are currently on the screen are related to. This constant switching between addicts really becomes destructive during the scenes of intervention, because the show even mixes up two completely unrelated interventions! Once I heard a marketing bs. The reason for such a bad design: "The show can become so intense that switching to another addict allows the viewer to absorb what they are watching in time." Oh please. It is clear that the reason for this is that they have two cases that are not large enough for an hour-long show, so they mix the two together. Mixing them instead of giving them a block every half hour, as they should, it makes the viewer watch the entire movie (and commercials) if they are interested in one case, but not the other. <br /> <br /> I used to find these “mixed” episodes so annoying that I ordered my TiVo to only record episodes containing one addict, but then it became easier to simply record all of them.
