SECRET KELLOV is an amazing first animation function that will blind your eye and make your heart beat. The shortcomings of the limited budget of the film and sometimes limited animation are more than compensated for by the visual poetry of the story of the young Brendan's heroic desire to become the main enlightener in the dark ages. Historically, it was at the end of the 8th century, when the centers of Irish training were crowded with Vikings. The Vikings appear here as crude antagonists, equivalent in the northern seas of the plundered Huns and Mongols further east. The film’s narrative, which is more like a parable, centers around the conflict between Brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his illuminations during darkness, and his stern uncle, the abbot, who seeks to protect the city of Kells and his nephew with the oncoming wall as a barrier against the Scandinavians. The Abbot ignores the value of Brendan's art in its pursuit of security. This is an external conflict of the film. Brendan’s inner conflict is to find a hidden eye of creative insight that will allow him to complete the most complex picture in the Book of Kells. This eye is guarded by the Dragon Ouroboros, which destroys from the inside those who are not suitable for this quest as precisely as the Vikings will be killed from the outside (This is the same story as I divulge!) <br /> <br /> What I really like about this film is a creative understanding by its creators of some of the greatest works of art that have survived in the West 1,200 years ago. Symbols are stylized in flat abstract forms, defined by a line, as in the original Book of Kells. (Particular attention should be paid to the monk Aidan's domestic cat, defined in several lines, but purely - and even magically metamorphic to the cat.) The range of emotions that Brendan and other animated characters convey, considering their economy of abstract design, is a tribute to the excellent artistry of the director and his animators. The decorative frames on the edge of the picture change, complementing the dramatic impact of this scene, and this feature of the illuminations from the dark ages brings to the amazing lively life in the secret of kell. Of course, historical dramas usually tell us more about our own times than the times that these dramas are trying to portray. Nevertheless, by introducing archetypical elements into this story, the authors and director of SECRET KELLOV convey an overwhelming sense of the long-lived life in Ireland, which seems psychologically true, no matter how much the script differs from pedantic historical facts, (The UN enlighteners group serving as a scam club in SECRET OF KELLES, is historically unlikely, but they are all well thought out, individual characters who do a lot to convey the universal appeal of this quintessence Irish history.) Animation has always seemed to me the best way to better understand the visual art of different times and cultures. The excellent artistic direction of this film clearly derives from its historical visual source, but was also cleverly adapted to the requirements of the animated narrative; if animation existed in the dark ages, then SECRET OF KELLS would be like that! Finally, the search for Brendan’s hero in this film is the artist’s constant desire to convey a spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Not being a preacher, or even especially a Christian, this film confirms Jesus’s dictum that “Man does not live by bread alone.”) In my opinion, the most inspiring film about the creative process of visual artists is Andrei Tarkovsky’s Andrei Rublev film about the great Russian icon painter XV at. SECRET KELLOV expresses almost the same sense of mystery and delight about the visual search for the artist and the creative process. This, of course, is not as deep as Andrei Rublev, but, damn, this is a cartoon! (And the one that will appeal to both young and old.) I think that this film will withstand multiple viewing well: this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is in its own way a modest and life-affirming image - a classic.
