By 1945, and after a whole series of solid propaganda materials, Errol Flynn’s influence on box office in the USA began to decrease, so despite the increasing burden of diminishing appearance, he began a series of films related to this genre that had previously made his name: fraud. The first one was really good - ADVENTURES OF DON JUAN (1948) - but it also turned out to be his last big-budget vehicle in Hollywood with stars. He spent the remaining days of sword possession, roaming all over Europe: in England for KIM (1950), MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and DARK AVENGER (1955), in France for THE ADVENTURES of CAPTAIN FABIAN (1951) and Italy for the interrupted HISTORY OF WILLIAM TELLA ( 1953) and the little-known CROSSED SWORD (1954). Nevertheless, Hollywood last time called him to the old sea routes - albeit for a modest budgetary universal picture, and not for the film A of Warner Brothers, to which he was used when he was at the peak ... <br /> <br > However, Technicolor's glorious cinema leaps from the screen here, and, while the more grown-up and flabby Flynn may look like the pale shadow of his former self, his redhead leading lady Maureen O'Hara spends the field day as a tomboy who deep down, she longs for romance and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was still a few years away from his excellent vehicles, which play the main role, so here he is usually considered a villain - Pirate Captain Rok Brasiliano, a role that he gladly attacks. LIKE BLACK SHIELD (1954) - the preview of which preceded it - AGAINST ALL FLAGS returns me to my cherished children's days of constant TV viewing, when vintage Hollywood films were on the order of the day on both local and nearby Italian Channels. <br /> <br /> As far as I know, this may have been the very first pirate film that I’ve ever seen, and I fear the thought of today's generation of young people, presumably believing that the CARIBBEAN TRILOGY is excessively bloated - this is what constitutes a piano! As I said earlier, “AGAINST ALL FLAGS” may not be the best pirate yarn ever presented on the screen, but this is still a solid example of this prolific genre. At present, the love persistence of a child Indian princess (Alice Kelly) towards her pirate kidnapper Flynn may seem terribly stupid, but the rest is despite the fact that she clearly does not scale the heights of the Sea of ​​Hawk (1940) and BLACK SWAN (1942), if to mention the best sea adventures of their stars, - lively and reasonable. By the way, the film will later be remade to Royal Pirate (1967) with Doug McClure! <br /> <br /> In spite of everything, the unprecedented box office success of this unappetizing modern franchise most likely prompted reluctant film studios to shake off their catalogs and release them on DVD and, in fact, release on DVD. “AGAINST ALL FLAGS” was the only gem in the poorly designed “Pirates of the Golden Age” film collection from Universal, which also consisted of an obscure scale, like “GIRL BUKKANIER” (1950; with Yvonne De Carlo), “DUL CROSSBON” (1951 ; with Donald O'Connor) and YANKEE BUCCANEER (1952; with Jeff Chandler)! Value for money is possible, but so far I have only received Errol Flynn's film from other sources; However, if the mood strikes me in the future, I might want to lay hands on similar sea adventures, such as Edward Dzmitryk's “Mutiny” (1952), the aforementioned “Yankee Buchaner” and “Pirates of Tortugi” (1961).
