While watching this film, I was disappointed and distracted, and by the end I wanted to give the film a clear 4 or 5. I thought the animation was random and ubiquitous, and there was too much going on. Even my doctor could not keep up. It was like a little acid trip. Everything looked flat, there was no measurement. There were so many shapes, lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the movie halfway and break my burned copy of this movie. But after I finished watching it, I went online to read the movie, and I should have studied this movie a bit before watching it. <br /> <br /> The Secret of Kells is loosely based on a true story about the original Book of Kells. The little boy, Brendan, is commissioned to write new pages in what is considered the greatest book ever written. This book will contain information that will help "turn darkness into light." Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind huge stone walls. Occurring in the 8th century Uncle Brendan, Abbot of Kells, is trying to build a wall to keep the Vikings out. Uncle Brendan insists that he help complete the wall, but the traveler and keeper of the "book" secretly teaches Brendan to hone his skills in illustration and convinces him to complete the "book" and execute her word. <br /> <As long as I watched the movie, I thought I missed something, because I really didn’t understand what was going on. I thought I was missing part of Irish history. A simple Google search taught me everything I needed to know about the original Book of Kells. After reading many articles, my opinion about the film has changed a lot. <br /> <br /> The Book of Kells is a copied version of the first few books of the New Testament, translated into Latin by Gaelic monks in Ireland in the 8th century. Along with paleographic and enclosed font, the book is also beautifully illustrated in insular art, a type of early art known for its intricacy, complexity, and miniature illustrations. Most of the art in the Book of Kells is depicted as much art was at that time, flat and dimensional was questioned without perspective. But what distinguishes the Book of Kells from other early works of art is the use of many colors. <br /> <br /> Kells's secret is very colorful. Initially, I thought the animation was flat and boring. It reminded me a lot of Samurai Jack cartoons, which also had a flat and “amine” look. When I learned about the artistic styles of the Book of Kells, it became apparent that many of the styles from the book were emulated in the film. There are lines and twists and various forms that inhabit the mind of Brendan. Whenever he enters his imagination, round shapes that resemble the sun, screws, watches and wheels begin to fill the screen. The edges of the screen are framed by moving triangles or circles. Transitions are filled with color and Celtic knots. From trees to the floor, many things in this world are covered with shapes or patterns. <br /> <br /> The Secret of Kells is a fun little history lesson with a little adventure and a little adventure. Stupidity is added to interest people (maybe just children). I think that, in general, “The Secret of Kells” should be revealed as a half-art, half film on history. Despite the fact that it looks like an animation using Adobe Illustrator, this is a very beautiful film. But, based on the 20 films presented to Oscar, I did not think it was worth being nominated for the role of Maria and Max. <br /> <br /> ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
