There is a theory of time, according to which all moments that have ever existed and will exist, really exist right now. It's too much to wrap your head, but perhaps a little comforting for those who would like to return to a simpler time and place. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), it was twenty-five years ago, mid-1930s, when her youth and glamor had the greatest promise. For my part, if I could travel in time, I would return in the 1950s when I grew up. Maybe in a place like Willoughby, but this is another episode. <br /> <br /> One thing that will not be so special in 1959 is to deal with all of these clunky mechanisms to watch the Twilight Zone episode. How many clips do you think it will take to catalog the entire series and then find the specific story you want to watch? I suggest that you should consider trade-offs, convenience and simplicity, have it right now or take the time to clean up the exact place where the story begins. CD recording has its advantages. <br /> <br /> I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling would write a story that resembled Sunset Boulevard so much. The mirror of Ida Lupino’s character depicted Norma Desmond too close to be considered an original concept. Martin Balsam portrays a very similar character to Erich von Stroheim, a husband who became a butler, whose loyalty is beyond doubt. Where the story diverges is due to the way Danny (Balsam) and Sully (Ted de Corsia) challenge Barbara Jean to find out the reality and clear the web that paralyzes its existence. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for us, the audience, Ida Lupino had no doubt that they had to shoot roles that were “not big but good showcase”. It’s a real pleasure to watch any episode of the Twilight Zone and see who appears from the past days. Sometimes you get a deuce, like you have here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes left their mark before the show began, and sometimes after. In combination with the stories that the program has prepared, it is not surprising that they still manage to have so much fun today.
