After the audience hit three completely different episodes at once, Serling continued to introduce viewers into the “Twilight Zone” in a very strange way, designating one of the biggest producers of the series as the fourth episode. The “Sixteen mm Shrine” is one of the most misunderstood episodes, which tells about the inability of an aging film star to cope with the changing time and introduce a supernatural element only in the last minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is at first confused, but subsequent views show that it is a very cool and beautifully written story. <br /> <br /> Both leaders, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam as her frustrated but caring agent, shine in their speeches. The main problem with the episode is that the supposedly 25-year-old video of the actress is inconclusive. Lupino looks the same when playing young Trent, how she plays when Trent plays middle-aged, and this greatly reduces the tragedy of the situation. Fortunately, Lupino removes his socks, convincing us in his despair to return to the past. The situation in which the majority can sympathize, and yet Trent is far from sympathetic in nature. She is a prima donna who thinks little about the feelings of the people around her, such as the catastrophically withered partner, whom she tactlessly humiliates, because he reminds her of how long her glory days had been. It is therefore somewhat surprising that she was rewarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see the huge projection screen, and in the first moments when Trent frightens his maid, coming out from behind the screen, he deftly outweighs her. However, at the beginning it is not clear whether getting sucked into the projector will be a reward or a stern lesson to appreciate what we have and live at the moment. It turns out that Trent is allowed to return to the past she had dreamed of, testifying to how strong the desired thinking of people can be. <br /> <br /> “The Temple of Sixteen Millimeters” gets better with each viewing. The combination of first-class writing and acting skills creates a short piece of tremendous power that reflects the nature of people aspiring to the past, even if we can never return. Except for the twilight zone.
