Thief in the Nights is an excellent fictional story about the weeks leading up to RAPTURE and the weeks following this key event. <br /> <br /> I fully enjoyed both the production and content values ​​of this independent Christian film. <br /> <br /> PRODUCTION VALUES. Hey, this is an independent film on a limited budget, so, yes, it will look a little silly (if your standard is the Hollywood A-List tariff). But, compared to other independent films, this film is quite acceptable. More important than the acting style, costumes and music, is the story itself. Is the story convincing? Do dramatic moments work? Does the trajectory of history build to satisfactory climax? The answer to all these questions is an unconditional "yes." As a note, really important technical things - continuity, sound, lighting - are in order. The viewer can watch the show, without being distracted by careless skill. <br /> <br /> CONTENT VALUE. The movie message is superb. When you think about how many ideas the filmmaker has developed in a short period of 69 minutes, you begin to appreciate his skill. It represents the message of salvation, the consequences of disbelief, the danger of retreat from the faith, the truth of rapture and the threat of the dominant satanic government in the world with flash, imagination and - most importantly for the gospel film - Biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker is a good storyteller. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) he shows us through the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for us. This is achieved at the site where the zoo is bitten by a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only cure is the blood of a person who is invulnerable to snake venom. Poison is like sin; healing is like the blood of Christ spilled on the cross. (2) The director also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has different characters explaining the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. Thus, the filmmaker uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. <br /> <br /> As an additional note, the fact that the film created by evangelical Christians actually contains a dialogue and scenes that convey a clearly outlined message. salvation, as expressed in explicitly evangelical Christian language, imagery, and theology, is also quite acceptable. To criticize this film for being clearly Christian is absurd; this is similar to the criticism of Nike advertising for promoting sportswear. What else would the creators of evangelical Christian films have done if it were not for the film that speaks of their case? In addition, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that an unbeliever will remain in a godless world is, once again, quite acceptable. The filmmaker makes great use of the dramatic potential of this idea. How should I know? I heard about Thief in the Night from a woman who saw the show back in 1974; he still lived in her memory thirty years later. How many films can you say about this? All around, very pleasant, thought-provoking show. I plan to show this to my teenage group in church.
