Elvira The Mistress of Darkness (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Green, William Morgan Sheptere, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress Mac Neil, Damita Joe Freeman, Mario Selcen, Jenkins, Tress Mac Neil, Damita Joe Freeman, Mario Seltens, Johns Freeman, Mario Flash Jenkins, Tress McNeill, Damita Joe Freeman, Mario Celacaster, Philip Rubenstein , Sharon Hayes, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Hayden, Frank Collison, Lynn Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Yves Smith, Role Bond, Tony Berrier, Alan Dyums, Timm Hill, Reed Scott, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, Mistress of the Dark, was a television icon of the 80s, which she had her own cable show. She accepted and presented classic American horror films, many of which were polite, and at the same time gave her jokes and humorous remarks. Actress Cassandra Peterson has rode this success to this day. In 1988, she released her first film. Playing herself, she stuck, arranging monster shows, but craves her own show in Las Vegas and earns a lot of money. Her agent Manny proves disappointing. Soon she inherited the mansion from a dead relative, a dog and a recipe book. She comes to claim her inheritance in a small town in Nevada — she was on her way to Vegas and lost her way — and soon it will cause anxiety in a calm community. An outspoken conservative woman from the Paria Chastity Council (Edie McClurg) soon sees her as a threat to the decency and values ​​of a small town. Her voluptuous figure and charming personality soon attracted the youth of the city. She falls in love with Bob Redding (Daniel Green), the city master / carpenter, but before they can flourish any real relationship, she finds herself in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), a creepy old man who must also inherit a part of Elvira’s relative, is in fact a century-old witch who has a personal vendetta against Aunt Elvira and Elvira herself. He knows that the so-called “recipe book” is actually a book of powerful magic, a force that he wants to get for himself. He plans to destroy Elvira, forcing the city to burn her at the stake. How will Elvira get out of this? The film had no real success at the box office, attracting a crowd of mostly young viewers familiar with the Elvira show by cable. In truth, this is a funny and enjoyable movie. The script is chalk, full of all sorts of jokes, bad, good, sexual hints, visual jokes and general politeness, that is, a fun last scene in which Elvira finally arranged her own strip show in Vegas. This film is a cult classic, designed for fans of Elvira. You might not enjoy this movie otherwise. This is also a look at the "pop" culture of the 80s. Elvira was the same icon of the 80s as Alpha, Vicki Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
