From the very beginning of her career in the 70s and in many of the turbulent 80s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) turned into a modest icon and a true cult figure in the world of horror films and bad monsters. While Mrs. Peterson played various supporting roles in films covering a wide variety of genres, it was her television character Elvira who brought her the greatest fame. Part of her charm ?? and respect from fans ?? It lies in the fact that she never turned away from the horror genre that made her famous (unlike many other famous actors and actresses who love to distance themselves from their “early” work). I only saw fragments of her television appearances, but her cameo in Gultown’s recent song Mistress of Darkness really inspired me to check out more of her things. It was already clear to me long before this music video: over the years, Elvira herself became a force of influence by the mid-80s. <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after the films, like “Fright Night” and “TerrorVision” included in her television work a tribute and falsification, in the end it happened: “Elvira, Master of Darkness”, film. Now, I saw a trailer for it already in the days of the rental of VHS, but it took me until last week to finally see the actual film. A few years ago, I was able to watch “Elvira's Haunted Hills” (made in 2001), but for some reason it didn’t impress me much. Was it really that easy to forget, or should I give it another watch? In fact, I really want to revise it now, since this first Elvira film from the 88th year really convinced me. Although it may be partly responsible for the creation of this film by Sam Egan and John Paragon for their contributions to the script, there really is no way to deny this: Cassandra Peterson understands comedy perfectly (she also co-wrote the script). <br /> <br /> When Elvira finds out that she is one of the beneficiaries of a great aunt (whom she had never heard of before), she sees this as a long cherished opportunity to start her own show in Las Vegas. To seize her rightfully inherited money, she goes to the quiet town of New England. But the anxious citizens of Falwell are waiting for pleasure. In less than a short time, she manages to shock and insult all the noteworthy residents of a conservative town with her (often unintentionally) provocative behavior. Worse, her legacy is not what she expected: a worn-out mansion, a cookbook, and a poodle. But what she doesn’t know, and her wicked uncle Vincent Albot, knows that her great-aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes to come up with the most hellish dark forces you can imagine. And if you have not turned off the film by the time Elvira has prepared her first dish from the book of recipes, then you can be sure that you will miss this trip with a smile on your face. <Br /> <br /> It’s amazing how the script with fake jokes, witty one-liners, movie links, internal jokes and a cheerful taste of taste can also tell a coherent story. Just, of course, but connected. While other films that rely to a large extent on situations like gags often force you to completely break away from the story (for example, Naked Guns films), this film does not exist. In the 1980s, a lot of horror comedies were produced, but in reality not much worked. Not to mention the terrible deception, which at some point will not go off the rails ("Killer Party", although I am grateful for the fact that he completely obsessed during the final) or became too tiresome too quickly ("Saturday the 14th" ). Although “Elvira” is more comedy than horror, it does not lose track of what it does and constantly accumulates to a moderately grotesque finale, culminating in a supernatural clash on Falwell’s streets between newborn witch Elvira and the evil uncle wizard Talbot, including a real honest witch hunt and his own moment of burning Elvira. <br /> <br /> I tell you that there is no power in hell to make this movie unfunny. One of the first giggles I received was during the opening credits, when the name of Daniel Green appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes, I learned his name (and then his stupid macho). How can you not forget Daniel Green, seeing ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you have not yet seen Atomic Cyborg, then excuse me, but you cannot laugh with his face in it. And note: I never could have imagined that Elvira looked so cool, ignorantly leaving the gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made this shot better.
