“Why did they make them so big? Why didn't they just give money to the poor? ”The question about the cathedrals was asked by a student, Mr. Harvey, during a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. “This is a good question,” he replied. "Partly to inspire them - to make them look with reverence." I'm not sure that cathedrals have such an impact on everyone, but this film has definitely influenced me. It was awesome! <br /> <br /> This did not start. For a time, it seemed like nothing more than a description of a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. If you've ever been to a school trip anywhere, that's basically how it is. You have a group of mostly disinterested children, just happy that they don’t go to school for one day, the bus driver they drive crazy and some teachers who are desperately trying to keep everything under control. Being there, doing it, getting a t-shirt was my first reaction. I thought that in the end it would be a typical story of a teacher who could inspire a group of disinterested students. To yawn! But it turns out a lot more! Timothy Spall was great, as Mr. Harvey is a gloomy, unsmiling teacher with a strange passion for cathedrals. During the film, his story slowly comes out and becomes the center of the story. We also meet some of the problematic students - especially Helen, who was also brilliantly played by Natalie Press, who is addicted to suicide. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but it includes some strong reflections on religious themes. When colleague Harvey Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says: “I don’t care what someone believes if they don’t try to impose it on someone else,” Harvey says, “this is not tolerance, but indifference! - what actually (in my opinion) often means religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between different characters, and the final scene of the film was brilliant. When Harvey climbs back onto the bus, director Suzanne White slowly turns the camera up, so the last shot is just from the sky - in response to Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to make people look in fear. The cathedral reaches its goal. We look at the universe with awe, looking for something more than ourselves, but we decide to define it. This is a very powerful and very inspirational film. 9/10
