Match 1: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit tag team match. Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started the tag team match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, both opponents must pass the tables to get the victory. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up at an early stage, knocking in turn, first at Spike and then at Bubba Ray. The German superuser from Benoit to Bubba took away the spirit of Brother Dudley. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee restrained him while Benoit and Guerrero piled on him in the corner. When Benoit stomped on Bubba, Guerrero laid the table outside. Spike crashed into the ring and jumped through the top rope on Guerrero outside! Recovering and taking care of Spike, Guerrero put the table in a ring and helped Wolverine set it. Then the tandem tuned in to a double superplex with an average rope that would have let Bubba across the table, but Spike turned the table over just before his brother collapsed! Guerrero and Benoit put another table in the corner and tried to pass through it the Irish Knut Spike, but Bubba broke in and blocked his brother. Bubba caught fire and raised both opponents in the rear body drops! Bubba slapped Guerrero, and Spike trampled Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba kept Benoit in fear, so that Spike flew into Wassup! Headbutt! Shortly thereafter, Benoit locked Spike on the Crossface, but the match continued even after Spike left the game. Bubba came to the rescue of his brother and managed to put Benoit on the table. Bubba jumped off the middle rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba crashing into the forest! But since his opponents did not force him to pass through the table, Bubbe was allowed to remain in the match. The first man was eliminated shortly afterwards when Spike led Eddie across the table with Dudley Daug from the ring apron to the street! Benoit put Spike at the table a few seconds later to level the score. Within a few seconds, Bubba nailed the Bubba bomb, which led Benoit through the table and won the victory! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley. <br /> <br /> Match 2 Heavyweight Championship. Jamie Noble vs. Billy Kidman. Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who brought Nidia to the ring, at the Heavyweight Championship. Noble and Kidman locked themselves and fell into the ring, but rushed back inside and grabbed some more. When Kidman ripped off all the Noble moves, Noble fled the ring, where Nidia gave him some support. The fight spread beyond the ring, and Noble threw his girlfriend at the opponent. Kidman threw Nidia aside, but was knocked down with a modified barbell. Noble continued to attack Kidman’s wounded arm back into the ring. Kidman's injured injury hampered his crime, but he continued to fight hard. Noble tried to kill Kidman with a powerful bomb, but his opponent answered him face to face. Kidman went to finish things with the Shooting Star Press, but Noble stopped the attempt. Kidman went to the Falling Star Press again, but this time Noble just fell out of the way. Shortly thereafter, Noble threw Kidman into a powerful bomb and got the right for him to keep his WWE heavyweight championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs. Jeff Hardy William Regal next time defeated Jeff Hardy in an attempt to win back the European Championship. Jeff catapulted Regal through the top rope, then took it off with a racket from the ring apron. Returning to the ring, Jeff struck Whisper in the wind to knock Regal into the loop. Jeff went after Swanton's bomb, but Regal raised his knees to hit Jeff with a crushing shot. Jeff was able to surprise Regal with a fast reel, and he got a chance to keep the European Championship! Regal started crying when he saw Hardy celebrating his way back down the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho - John Cena Chris Jericho promised to end John Cena’s career in their match on the “Revenge”, which was held next. Jericho tried to teach Cine a lesson when their match began with the fact that he muffled him to the mat. Jericho continued to knock Sean around the ring until his audacity overcame him. Being on the top rope, Jericho began to show the boat and allowed the Seine to grab him for the superplex! Sina followed him with an inclination of the whirlwind, but was with a nasty punch in the stomach. The recruit recovered and hit his stomach in the stomach, but could not drive off Y2J. Jericho moved to Lyonso, but Sina dodged the movement. Jericho nailed the bulldog and then connected to Lionsault, but did not go to cover. He forced Sean to his feet so that he could put up the walls of Jericho. Sina had other ideas: to change the course in an attempt to pin and get 1-2-3! Jericho went berserk after the match. Winner: John Cena. <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Championships RVD against Brok Lesnar as a result of disqualification. Another big win and Mr. Pew-View got entangled in the intercontinental championship on the line. Brock grabbed the name from the referee and for a moment slung over his shoulder, looking at the RVD. The swiftness of Van Dam brought Brock to her senses very early. The big man rolled out of the ring and knocked the steel steps out of frustration. Brock pulled himself together and began to take responsibility. With Paul Heyman shining in the ring, Brock threw the RVD onto the hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to overcome the RVD, easily throwing it through the top rope. RVD landed painfully on his back, then he had to suffer from the fact that his spine broke on the steps of the steel ring. The fight returned to the ring with Brock, squeezing the RVD around the ribs. RVD broke away and soon leveled Brock with a blow to the temple. RVD followed with Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to throw out after double counting. The fight looked as if it would end soon when the RVD took part in the “Five-Star Frog Splash”. Brock, nevertheless, raised Van Dama on his shoulder and went to the F-5, but RVD turned Brock into DDT and followed the Frog Splash! He went for a pin, but Heiman pulled the ref from the ring! The judge immediately called for disqualification and soon exchanged blows with Heiman! After that, the RVD jumped at Brock from the top rope, and then threatened to hit Van Terminator! Heiman grabbed the leg of the RVD, and Brock picked up the champion and this time connected the F-5 to a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs. Big Show Booker T faced the Big Show one on one. The show resisted the blows and blows of Booker T and slapped Booker into the corner. Being thrown from the ring, Booker raised a chair near the ring, but the Big Show hit him in the face of the Booker. Booker tried to get back into the game by suppressing the "Show" with a camera cable near the ring. Booker smashed a TV monitor from the position of Spanish speakers in Shaw's skull, and then struck a knife that struck both men across the table! Booker crawled back into the ring, and the Big Show staggered after a moment. Shaw grabbed Booker by the throat, but was met with a weak blow and a blow to the face. Booker climbed onto the top rope and nailed his leg to get a pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Announcement: Triple H entered the ring to the thunderous applause, as fans hoped to find out where The Game would eventually fight. Before he could say anything, Eric Bischoff stopped the "Game" to apologize for participating in his personal business. If Triple H signed a contract with RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never come into play again. Bischoff said he spent the last two years on the network in Hollywood. He said that everyone is looking for the next WWE Superstar breakthrough, and they all talked about Triple H. Bischoff guaranteed that if Triple H signs a contract with RAW, he will get the best opportunities on his way. Stephanie McMahon went out to give her own pitch. She said that because of her personal history with Triple H, they both know each other very well. She said that two of them were once unstoppable, and they could be again. Bischoff cut her off and begged her to stop. Stephanie quoted that Triple H once told her how Bischoff said that Triple H does not have talent and charisma. Bischoff said that he was young at the time and did not know what he had, but he still has much more experience than Stephanie. The two continued to quarrel back and forth until Triple H came up with his microphone. The game says that it will be easy to say "screw up" one of them. Triple H went to shake Bischoff's hand, but pulled it out. He said that he would prefer to go with the devil he knows, and not with the one he does not know. Before he could go further, Sean Michaels came out to shake things up. KBC said that the last thing he wanted to do was cause some problems. He did not want to interfere, but he remembered the promise to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said that there is no one in the world with whom Triple H is better friends. HBK ordered his friend to present them together again, turning Bischoff's life into a real hell. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. Then he turned and hugged HBK, formalizing his move to RAW! Triple H and KBC left, and Bischoff gloated over his victory. Bischoff said that the difference between them is that he has testicles, but she does not. Stephanie hit Bischoff on the head and left! <br /> <br /> Match 7: team tag championship Christian and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and Edge The match began with loud chants of “USA” and with Hogan pushing Christian through the ropes and out of the ring. Canadians took over from there. But Edge hit Christian in the head and put a face on Storm to deliver the mark to Hogan. Hogan started the Hulk and soon caught Christian with a big boot and lowered leg! Storm broke the score, and Christian threw Hogan from the ring, where Storm hit the icon. Soon after, Edge spoke out against both opponents. He threw them both into corner lanyards, but missed a spear on Strom and hit the referee hard instead. Edge nailed DDT, but the ref could not and could not count. The trial went down and knocked down Hogan, then he edged Edge with his boot. Storm tried to get a pin, but Edge kicked out after two. Riksihi ran to reflect the Trial, allowing Edge to recover and save Storm. Christian, however, distracted the referee, and Y2J rushed to the Edge with the Tag team championship! The storm rolled over and got a chance to win the title! Winners and new team champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: Undisputed WWE triple threat championship. Rock v Kurt Angle and The Undertaker. The three most successful WWE superstars lined up against each other in a triple-threat match, and an undisputed championship remained in sight. Tucker and Rock came face to face with Kurt Angle, pleading for some attention. He attracted attention in the form of two other men knocked down. Shortly thereafter, Tucker broke out of the ring, and Scala quarreled with Angle. Angle gave a series of suplexes that killed Roca, but Great answered DDT, who managed two accounts. The fight continued outside the ring when Tucker came to life, chained to his clothes and smacked Rock repeatedly. Tucker and Rock returned to the ring in the ring, and Tucker threw a stone with a blow to the sidewalk to get two bills. The rock bounced off, grabbed Tucker by the throat and choked him! Angle broke a pin attempt that would probably give Scale a name. Stone avenged by closing the ankle on the castle of Kurt Angle. Angle completely changed the course, and the Rock reached the bottom of the National Champion. Soon, Scala got rid of the corner and struck the People's Elbow at the Undertaker. Engle tried to take advantage by turning off the Great outside the ring and covering Tucker, who knocked out after two counts. Outside the ring, Rock took a swig from the nearest water bottle and poured the liquid into Tucker's face to blind the champion. Tucker did not remain disabled for long, and he managed to defeat Roca and draw his attention to Angle. Tucker landed guillotine foot on the corner, putting on the ring apron. Rock got up just in time to break a pin attempt at Kurt Angle. Tucker pinned Roca with DDT and set him up for choking. Angle tried to sneak up on the steel chair, but Tucker picked up this tomfoolery and knocked him out of his hands. The referee was caught in the ensuing fire and did not see how Angle struck Tucker stupidly with a steel chair. Angle covered Tucker when Rock lay on the floor, but the Dead Man somehow raised his shoulder. Angle tried to pin Rock, but he also kicked out. Rock got up and landed a corner in a sniper! Angle looked as if he was going to knock, but Tucker drove Rock out of submission. Tucker picked up Rock and broke it with the Last Trip. While the Dead Man covered him up for victory, Engle ran in and took Tucker to his ankle lock! The Undertaker went crazy with pain, but managed to resist. He picked up Angle for the last trip, but Engle put on the triangular flap! Looks like Tucker is about to faint, but Stone broke Angle's grasp only to catch himself in the lock on his ankle. Rock came out of the hold and watched Tucker Chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit Rock Bottom, but Tucker refused to go down and kicked out. Angle turned Tucker into the Angle Helmet, but the Great Rock reached the bottom and was pinned down! Winner and new champion of WWE: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ At last a decent PPV has appeared! Recently, PPVs were not very good, but this one was a winner. I give this PPV A- <br /> <br />
