Many people know what it is like when a loved one is lost. The feeling of pain, grief and sadness can be unbearable. However, sometimes the memories they leave evoke the saddest emotions. This theme is beautifully portrayed in the short film Tulip, directed by award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffs. Described in the film “about both memories and love,” this triumphant 15-minute film is skillfully permeated with a thread of sensitivity and sentimentality. <br /> <br /> “Tulip” is a beautifully made, moving and heartbreaking story about how a man reconciled with the loss of his wife because of the relationship he shares with a very special animal, “tulip”. The film opens with a rising dawn, the chirping of birds and a vast landscape, bringing a sense of rustic harmony throughout the film. Soft music sounds, noting the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She wears a flowered dress and an apron with a sun hat on her head. She gently strokes Tulip, caressing her ears and patting her back. The decor of the house is impressive, and the attention to detail deserves praise (a vase with tulips visible on the bench), reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth as she puts milk in a bucket. They pour milk and coffee together, a sign of companionship and teamwork. Not a word has been said, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and tender; they paint the perfect picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. The tragic passage of Ruth deeply affects the Will. An effective car-fading scene underlines Will’s isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral day. Soon he becomes depressed and forgets about his surroundings when everything seems hopeless and lost. At the moment of Will’s despair, the Tulip becomes a symbol of Ruth, Will’s genuine connection with his late wife. It is thanks to Tulip Will learns to cope with the absence of Ruth and overcome heart-breaking feelings of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each of the characters is realistic and convincingly depicted, especially part of Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell returns the character to life through personal investment. The recent loss of his own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is effectively reflected in his action. Each sag of his shoulder and a frown on his forehead make the viewer strongly empathize with the character. Character Ruth is perfectly performed by Jean Bane. Although Ruth does not say a single word throughout the film, her sweet personality and love relationship with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give adorable acts in supporting roles like friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add subtle humor to the bittersweet story. <br /> <br /> Anecdote from Griffts childhood, a story of loss and discovery is wonderfully captured in Tulip. Perfectly shot and superbly played, this film will surely make you blur your eyes, win a victory or feel the urge to drink a cup of milk.
