I read several reviews of this television film, which stated that the film has been dragging on for too long and that it is mostly sensational entertainment. I agree that maybe the film will last too long (2x30 would be enough ...), but I certainly don’t think this is a sensation of the subject. Jim Jones' extensive energy drive and slow degradation to mental illness, paranoia, and drug abuse are never considered in a voyeuristic manner. The film takes time to show how Jones recruited followers (the character of Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif stands out in this matter) and also observes a strange shift in the perception of reality by Jones. It is amazing when an egalitarian, left-wing and compassionate preacher becomes such a destructive and cruel dictator. Perhaps the film doesn’t reveal Jones ’motives enough, which sometimes can make the whole test a bit superficial (maybe it’s connected with censorship ...), but the effect of Powers Booth’s hypnosis makes it all come true. I'm not familiar with the details of Jim Jones’s real life, but Booth is sure that he makes the monster he plays believable and real. The film features many powerful scenes, including Jones's sermons, a meeting with the Divine father (wonderful James Earl Jones), a visit by Congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty) to a camp in Guyana and, of course, a suicide scene. Watching this is rather gloomy, and in these last moments Booth is quite a team. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the unexpectedly skeptical followers, like Veronica Cartwright (as Jones's wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when it comes time to drink a killer potion. The relative calmness of the end of this scene, the elegant direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural surroundings - all this makes these images completely impossible to erase them from the head. Anxious reflection on the nature of man and his weaknesses. Worth a look, at least to remember one of the truly terrifying events of the 20th century. Do not let this happen again. How, ironically, the inscription in the camp of Jim Jones: "Those who do not know the past are obliged to repeat it."
