The most successful comic films usually depend on the presence of villains who are bigger than life, ready to jump off the screen and strangle you alive with a smile or a crazy line or two dialogues. This was in Bim Batman Tim Burton, as in the (even more grotesque) Sin City. With producer / director / star Dick Tracy, Warren Beatty piles up villains until he becomes part of the structure. As a frantic respect for the gangster paintings of the 1930s - only this time is intended for children, in contrast to the darker Bonnie and Clyde. Dick Tracy is joyfully filled with archetypes and vivid primary colors, where criminals wear submachine guns and form on their faces to form their personality. Villains such as The Stooge, Shoulders, Lips, The Brow, Mumbles, Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave his characters names corresponding to their profiles, and gave his hero a jaw capable of cutting glass. The film is a continuation of the spectacles, which are perfectly perceived seriously. <br /> <br /> If at that time films such as Batman and (underestimated) Ninja Turtles Mutants were a darker portrayal of reality in Dick Tracy's comics, more of an old school. This is the story of policemen and scammers, or, rather, policeman, detective Tracy, who is trying to ruin the Big Boy (Al Pacino, in that, perhaps, his BIGGEST statement to date, and in a sense makes sense for his grandiose style) but without such luck. There is also a small child, whose name is simply Baby (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings more mischief into this baby than one might imagine), and Tracy's love interest in Tess. And there is a nightclub “Dama” (Madonna, who probably does not give any great acting performance, but perhaps this is perfect for this role, and she sings beautifully when she is approached), which will not give testimony, if Tracy does not recognize feelings that he does not feel. not for her. Then there is the confusing deal with the murder of Tracy, and the mysterious masked figure with a hoarse voice. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, as if filming Howard Hawks’s movie in the form of a surge of visual effects and big explosions, Dick Tracy adds the comedy “wink and nod” and a syrup-like act on a high stack of pancakes. It is amazing to look at this world, which was created in such a way that attracts them by the fact that if they were made today, they would simply be an intermediary of computers (that is, the City of Sins, which can be compared with the Beatty film). We drive through this world in big jumbo shots, and then add a storyline, or whatever it may be, in large installation installations with camera angles that seem to appear from those small oblique panels in old comics. I was almost reminded of the Cotton Club during these episodes, as history, music, details, and a few BIG shots and shots make a long way to uncover what needs to be said that is really no more than necessary. And there are a lot of catchy dialogues from the script (one of my favorites: “the enemy of my enemy is my enemy,” plus any references from Pacino to other numbers in quotes). <br /> <br /> Returning to this, seeing him at the cinema for the first time (and remembering only small pieces), Dick Tracy is an extremely cool fantasy. He is full of good humor for children, and with some pretty good actions in the square without some of the more sinister intentions of his cousin comic films (ie PG-13 fare), and for adults his central cast made with panache and solid feeling for unconvincing . Even Dustin Hoffman hides this, and he barely utters an audible word!
