The opening credits give a brilliant, atmospheric image of escapist entertainment, which is full of little nods at the comics. All the good guys are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the film is filled with familiar characters, actors, covered with terrible makeup, to understand their features. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, as Dick Tracy, is an absolute tough guy, a straight man, an incorruptible, usually calm, always a better fighter than the other guy, and rarely one who puts the limit of legality. Al Pacino, while Big Boy Caprice steals every scene, in which he acts as a hunchbacked gangster in some unnamed metropolis of gangsters of the 1930s. Maddon plays the man she is likely to play best, Breath Mahoney, the nightclub singer and the femme fatale with her own little program. Glynn Hadley - tough, tough and independent girl Tracy. And there is the Kid, the funny little street boy who accepts Tracy, who models himself after his surrogate father and rescues Tracy when the detective accepted his fate when he was blown up. <br /> <br /> Supporting players Who is who from the characters of the actors. Charles Durning - Chief of Police. Dick Van Dyke is a district attorney who is bribed by the Big Boy fools to keep him on the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous move, like Mumbles, a snitch whose dialect is so indecisive that the cops can't figure out what to say to him. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the competing gangsters, Big Boy forms a special commitment to create a network of crime that spreads throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin - 88 keys, pianist for the Breathless show. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, the former benefactor of the Breath, until the Big Boy gives him the Bath. James Caan wears relatively little makeup in his speech as the only gangster who disagrees with the grand plan of the Big Boy. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross - big fighters, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> In this film, all the seeds of the comic have been preserved, as well as full of bright colors. Almost all the costumes are made in blue and green, yellow and red. All the colors of the rainbow can be found in this film, and then some! The matte pictures that are used truly understand this world as two-dimensional, acting only in three-dimensional scenery. Humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills his character's shoes like no other character he played before or after. Big Boy is kind of crazy and a bit pathetic to himself. He is an eccentric little man who prides himself on quoting our Founding Fathers and comparing himself with great political leaders. A person with a plan is always looking for the smartest way to do business.
