I recently watched Spirit and I really liked it, I saw it about 4 times on HBO and buy a DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that “The Point of Disappearance” is just another car chase movie, and “Thelma and Louise” is just another movie. Although the conclusions from these films are darker, I feel that the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important, and that usually someone wants to take them away from you. Another common feature of these films is the caring, thoughtful types of "guardian angels" that help the main characters overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> In another review here it is mentioned how this film is related to the theme of a civilization that invaded an alien world. The main. All you have to do is look around the open areas around us to see it. <br /> <br /> I thought the animation and the story were amazing, the animators really made the horses look, act and move naturally, the Emotions of the spirit were very clear as the story progressed (yes, I know they are a little humanizing horses, this is fiction). In a couple of action scenes, you feel caught in a flood of rapids and heat from a forest fire. In other quieter scenes (which are most of the time), you can enjoy the background. One of the most important things that makes history really work is not to follow the path of talking, singing animals. It would have taken away the power of history. Instead, the flow of the story is told by the random narration of the protagonist, a further beat is added by a fantastic soundtrack. Another advantage is that they were not afraid to give this story a bit of a dark side (which really made this movie watchable for me). This is not common throughout the film, though, and the withdrawal is suitable and uplifting without being full. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate horses will really love this film, but I think it's a little more than a movie horse. I don't think it would be a good film to take children if they were brought up on the insane fare that is offered today. But if they are thoughtful, able to cope with such fascinating stories as "The Lord of the Rings" and "Black Beauty", they will likely like this movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old, and I still love these things.
