For some time at the end of the 19th century, somewhere in the American West, several cowboys who needed money were sent to hunt for buffalo. The leader of the group believes that there are too many buffaloes for the hunt to have any influence, but a more experienced hunter saw how quickly a population could die, and he is not sure about that. By showing a herd of buffaloes living in South Dakota and showing a film about a real hunt (the introduction to the film explains this as a necessary thinning of the herd), the film does an excellent job of presenting us the plight of the buffalo and its impact on Native Americans without any , preach about it. <br /> <br /> However, the real story is about a dysfunctional family created by a small group set up for hunting. Father Charlie's father, a cruel man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", an experienced hunter who is tired of killing, but needs work after losing livestock. A half-Indian boy who hates the fact that he looks completely Caucasian takes on the role of a foster son. Grandfather (and moral compass) - buffalo alcoholic; Charlie's “wife” is an Indian woman whose companions he killed after he stole his horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie is by far the most interesting figure. He is angry and insulting to everyone around him, but at the same time, he knows that they are the only family and friends that he has. He expects the abducted Indian women to hate him and then accept him, but he does not know how to react when she refuses to do so. First, he is the one who rallied the family, but he was also destined to end up destroying her. <br /> <br /> All this is very similar to the classic “Red River”, which also has a kind of family, torn apart by an increasingly cruel and alienated father. As expected, this film suffers from a comparison. The plot is not so focused on the development of characters and family dynamics, and in this direction, not all scenes work to achieve this common goal. From the start, Charlie is so unattractive that we never have reason to worry about what happens to him or his family. On the positive side, however, the message surrounding the slaughter of buffalo adds an extra dimension to the film, and its conclusion far surpasses the Hollywood finale, which was attached to the end of Red River. As a result, “The Last Hunt” is an interesting and fascinating film, which was very well made, but it does not reach as far as what should be considered a classic one.
