Scarface is one of the brightest gangster films of the 80s. The first thing you notice when you watch this movie is that it screams at you, “made in 1983”. Costumes, musical score and soundtrack, hairstyles - do not be mistaken about this, this is a film about the crime of the 80s, and although it should have been terribly outdated, this did not happen. This is still an excellent movie. Although the music of Giorgio Moroder is obsolete, it still complements the story of Tony Montana well thanks to the magnificent script of Oliver Stone and Brian De Palma's first-class directing, one of two films he made with Pacino (the other being Carlito's fantastic way). All De Palma trademarks are here; strong language, graphic violence (more on this later), stylish excesses, such as grand scenery and, of course, stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the film, and I mean it literally. He is the dominant star of this film. His performance is beyond praise; this is one of those films in which Pacino speaks not so much words as screams, this time with an excellent Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino, and he does it fantastically. Only he could go so far and still leave the film with his tactical honesty. While some may complain that he is screaming about his lines and about an excessive excess of all this, this is an excessive film. Take a look at the production design of Tony's house, look at the violence in this film. The chainsaw incident is absolutely cruel, and there is blood everywhere. At the end of the shooting, the bodies fall at a speed that looks more like Schwarzenegger and Stallone in Rambo movies. Take a look at the amount of coke that is displayed in the film, so the performance of Pacino, I think, is perfect for the film. He is supported by actors who are more like expressing their views in a more controlled way. Stephen Bower, in particular, as Manny, Tony's best friend, stands out from the support team. His performance is so controlled and quiet in De Niro kind of way it is amazing how he ended up doing straight to soft porn videos. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds glamor, Robert Loggia adds scales, as usual, and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio debuts as Sister Tony. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is more than just a movie about superfluous. There is more to this than drugs, violence, attacks with a chainsaw and a big fly. This is a film about the dark side of the American dream. In many ways, this puts him in line with the thematic films of the Godfather. Tony discovers he comes to America, gets it all, lives the American dream and then loses it all in a violent way, and by saying that he loses it all, I mean that he loses it all. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire collapses, literally, around him, and to top it all off, they kill him in his own mansion, bullets tear him apart. <br /> <br /> Without a doubt, Scarface is one of the key films of the early 80s. Of course, there are no subtleties of The Godfather films in it, but this is still a wonderful film that is worth watching again and again.
