I had the honor of watching Scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35 mm font in honor of the 20th anniversary of the release of films. It was great to see it on the big screen, since most of it is lost on TVs, and the overall generosity of this project cannot be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a remake of the classic ragged tale about the depth of hell: Al Pacino as Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this version, Tony arrives in America during a wave of immigration of Cuban people in the late 1970s, early 1980s. Tony and his comrades quickly receive green cards, dismissing a politician in the Tent City and after a short stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony begins his horrific way to complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this film have been played so skillfully that it’s so nice to watch them that I have forgotten a little about this film over the past twenty years. Robert Loggia, as the patron of Tony, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is corrupted by the fact that he is too trusting, and, as Tony quickly understands, is soft. Omar Suarez, the right hand of Lopez, is depicted by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus). Suarez is the ultimate toad and will do everything for Frank; as if he has no mind of his own. Tony quickly sees this, and he constantly battles with Suarez, but in reality he sees only a minor problem in him to get on the way to the top. The character who always comes back to me as a player is so beautiful is Mel Bernstein, a defiantly corrupt drug detective in Miami, played by Harris Yulin (Training Day). Mel, without guilt, extorts large sums of money from all sides of the pharmaceutical industry. He plays Tony with Frank until he catches up with him in the scene, which marks the way out of the movie Frank and Mel. It is invaluable to hear Frank ask Mel to intervene, since Tony is going to kill him, only to hear Mel answer, "This is your tree, Frank, you are sitting in it." This is from the man Frank was paying for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony’s rise is rapid, and his speed and intensity correspond to his rapid fall and burn. After the departure of Frank and the taking of his wife and business, Tony's greed takes over, and he seems to never be satiated. When Tony plunges deeper into the world of drugs, greed and inability to trust, he eventually kills his best friend and his sister, who fell in love and got married. This all sets the end in which Tony's mix is ​​stormed by the army from his supplier, who feels betrayed, because Tony will not withstand the political assassination that was ordered. All this forms a compassionate moment when Tony refused to be an accomplice in the murder, in which the wife and children of the victim would be involved. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is an excellent depiction of the 1980s excess and cocaine culture. DePalma copes with all this in one of the most dynamic three-hour films. Violence is extremely clear and contains several scenes that will forever remain in the mind of any viewer, especially the terrible chainsaw he saw, two shots to the head at close range and the whole bloody fight, the final film. It is a highly recommended stylistically made film that is not for squeamish people, or for those who need upbeat endings and potential sequels; DePalma let it all fly right here.
