“Classic is something everyone wants to read, but no one wants to read. The classic is that everyone praises, but nobody reads. ” Mark Twain <br /> <br /> “Classic” is a word used to describe Scarface, a 1983 Brian DePalma film about luxury, dedication, greed, and danger in a Florida drug business. People and critics (and rappers in this regard) regard this film as "epic gangster classics" or "epigom of gangster films." When is it anything but. He is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a terrific film that deserves praise from all over, but not all the praise that it receives from today's audience, and therefore the subtleties that it so sharply emphasizes, are passed by the general public. <br /> <br /> First of all, the film tells about a Cuban refugee who in the past wanted to get away from communism and find happiness. Simply? Yes. But the layers of De Palma's directorial genius and the wonderful story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, he really wrote a really good one here) play on all this. All the characters are looking for salvation, because escape is a natural element that is seen by everyone in the film. Each character can offer something that makes him attractive to anyone who can appreciate this movie. They are intertwined in the world of mysticism and money, but all of this has a price, as they all learn. Each character thinks that he has more chances in life, and in true dramatic irony he is getting worse. “Tragedy” will be the best word to describe this film. All those who praise the film for its use of drugs, for violence, for dialogue, completely lost sight of. There is nothing really positive in the film, except for the positive expectations of the characters from themselves. And that is why the film works so well. The destruction of the entire film serves to convey the idea of ​​the film, and not to look cool or attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make films for cult gangsters or brainless action movie fans. <br /> <br /> Next the film is an adult drama. This is not a "gangster movie." He has a share of the action, but the action is very carefully drafted, so this makes sense. This is not "Aliens" - an example of a big stupid action movie, and most viewers perceive this film as a big stupid action film about drugs and shooting people. Funny. Bullshit. If this film is about it, then how bad it is. Not promoting it. <br /> <br /> As the saying goes, the film is really great. It has great cinematography that draws you into the story. He has a very dramatic assessment (in the true style of Giorgio Moroder), which can simply cause a chill or tears. The film is quite long, but it's a story, and every moment matters. The game is awesome. Al Pacino - enough said. He can fulfill any role for which he expects, and this was no exception. Cute boy Stephen Bower, like Manny. I didn’t think too much about him in other films he made, but he really makes you love him when he comes under the direction of Maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is Elvira’s real gem. Breaking out of her heel a kind of embarrassment in "Lubricant 2", she got her ticket to ride, performing an impeccable statement of beauty, which is more than it seems at first glance. But the three real diamonds in this diamond are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio in the role of Tony Gina’s sister, who, when she smiles or cries, we see her soul and her fresh lifestyle and see how it gets worse; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, the drug lord who runs deeper than the river, and Shenar portrays him like this; and Miriam Colom as the torn mother of Tony and Gina. These three are digging the film as deep as possible. <br /> <br /> This reviewer found out one thing that was important when viewing Scarface for the first time. Always go into the movie unsuspecting. All the hype and talk about this film can not prepare you for what you really see. Only De Palma's knowledge (like me) can even give you an idea of ​​what this film holds. So do not pay attention to shitty rap, ignore the senseless supporters of violence and set yourself a glass of Bailey on the rocks, and treat yourself to an emotional viewing of a great movie, a real "Scar".
