In 1983, director Brian De Palma intended to make a film about the rise and fall of the American gangster and what he did - with the help of Oliver Stone's amazing script and some flawless work of an outstanding actor. The result is “Scarface” with Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980, when Castro opened a harbor in Mariela, Cuba, to allow Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. At that time, 125,000 people left Cuba for the sake of greener freedom pastures in America, and most of them were honest, hardworking people, grateful for the opportunity. But not all. Among the “Marielitos” who rushed to Florida, approximately 25,000 had criminal records and were nothing more than the garbage of the Cuban prisons — criminals who were considered to be ransom, from which Castro simply wanted to get rid of. And they also viewed America as a country of opportunity, although Al Capone considered Chicago fifty years ago. And one of the most ambitious was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known to his colleagues as "Karakortada." Scarface. <br /> <br /> Now that he was free from the yoke of communism under which he grew up, Montana wanted what he felt to come to him, and he wanted it now; and from the moment he got off the boat in Florida, he was determined to get it all. Wealth and power - it was a dream of Montana, and he would have done what he did best, starting with a favor for a man living in Miami called Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez seems to have had a brother in Cuba who met an untimely end at the hands of one of Castro's idiots, a man who, having outlived his usefulness for Castro, was temporarily discarded and is currently contained in Little Havana, "Together with Montana and all Cubans who are near the boats, where they expected their documents from the government, which will affect their transition into their new life. And soon Montana ensures that Lopez's brother is avenged, and this sets the stage for his own entry into the underworld of America. <br /> <br /> Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, Montana and his friend Manny (Stephen Bower), released from the camp, receive the return for the service and sends them to work. At one time, Capone may have used bootlegging as a means by which he could thrust his coffers with illegal gain, but Lopez has a modern equivalent, and he is even more profitable: cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his wing and inspires life to him, but as soon as he feels it, Montana will not be satisfied with any crumbs that Lopez considers necessary to throw him, and he will choose a course that will lead him to where he wants to be : on the top. With a cold-blooded iron will, Montana decides that she will do everything possible to get there, no matter how much it will cost. but before it ends, he will understand the price for his dream and pay it; but not for long, maybe he will find out what it means to be a Man. And he will also find out if it was worth it or not. <br /> <br /> Pazino plays with Montana in step with De Palma's vision and does it beautifully. From the accent on which he acts (which he carefully examined to make sure he understood correctly - and he did it), to body language and attitude, he understood everything, and this makes Montana convincing and very real. What he brings to the role is a nuance and style, as few actors can do (De Niro would be one). This is definitely not a character who sympathizes in any way, and there is nothing about Montana that you can readily treat on a personal level; but Pacino’s presence on the screen is so strong that it makes him a completely addictive character, although it’s hard to be emotionally connected with him. This is just a dynamic, memorable performance. <br /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer also demonstrates a solid role in the role that set her on the path to fame. Like Elvira, a woman who becomes an integral part of Montana’s dream, Pfeiffer is subtle and understated, giving a sense of something happening under her, affecting a rather cold and distant outer face. She, like Pacino, definitely makes her presence known, as she rather glides across the screen with stoic, mysterious and sultry behavior. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (mother of Montana), F. Murray Abraham (Lobster), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). The excellent predecessor of the more recent and well-known “Movements” and “Shots”, as well as the presence of a climate scene reminiscent of Pekingapa's “Wild Bouquet,” De Palma's “Scarface”, originally criticized, has since been quoted by critics. by many as the ultimate American gangster saga. Most of the violence is implied, not graphic, but this film still has a margin of realism, which many may find somewhat disturbing. But if you stay with this, at the end there is a lesson to learn. And, like many lessons in life, the most valuable are often the hardest to take at that time. But the reward is always worth it, and this is so with this film. I rate it 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
