Those who staged this performance so low probably never saw George Balanchine’s famous production live on stage, or allowed their contempt for the star cast of Macaulay Culkin to influence their judgment. The ballet of Atlanta was lucky to become the first ballet troupe from the 1960s to the 1980s, which was allowed to stage this performance, except for the New York ballet, and I saw him live several times on stage. I can assure readers that the film is a fairly accurate reproduction of this production, and that using a child with limited dance abilities in the lead role is not a cheap trick designed to demonstrate Kalkin; it was Balanchine’s idea of ​​using the child in this role, as well as his idea of ​​using the child as Marie. "Heavy" dance left by adults in this story. <br /> <br /> This is a deliberately made film; in a sense, it resembles Lawrence Olivier's Othello. Just like in this film, the sets of stage production were increased to the size of the film’s sound stage, but did not become less artificial, and the ballet was directly photographed with careful close-ups and without distracting “music videos” quick cuts. Shown in 1986 overpriced version of Maurice Sendak -Carroll Ballard. There are only two false steps in this 1993 film. One of them is the addition of distracting and completely unnecessary sound effects (mouse squeaks, children whispering “magic!” To Drosselmeier, etc.). These sound effects never sound in any of the productions of The Nutcracker, and they were offered as a cheap concession simply to appease inexperienced viewers who might not enjoy watching a ballet on film. <br /> <br /> Another false step is the makeup of the Nutcracker Macaulay Culkin, which looks completely ridiculous. When he is on the screen as the Nutcracker, instead of wearing a huge mask (as is always done when the play “Balanchine” is performed on stage), Culkin is in fact a toy - he wears what looks like a bald hat, as well as a white wig, mustache and beard. He also has a slightly raised face, and the worst aspect of his makeup is that it is still a recognizable face, transformed in an amateur way in the manner of Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr in The Wizard of Oz. (although the result of the make-up of this film worked amazingly, but this one did not). And the comparison with the "Baryshnikov" Nutcracker in * his * statement shows how amazingly creative the Baryshnikov mask with the Nutcracker was - the "jaws" actually seemed to move whenever Baryshnikov tilted his head back. <br /> <br /> The dance itself by Macaulay Calkin The version is excellent, of course, except for Kalkin himself, whose dance, as I said, should not be spectacular at all. (The Sugar Plum Fairy and Her Cavalier are outstanding dance roles in The Nutcracker Balanchine.) The colors of the film, however, can be a little brighter, as this is a fantasy. The choreography is also brilliant, and its adaptation is so precise that it includes an episode with additional music from Tchaikovsky's ballet Sleeping Beauty - when Marie comes down, falls asleep on the couch and dreams that Drosselmeyer “fix” a “broken Nutcracker” (this sequence, of course , was never included in the original ballet of Tchaikovsky - this is the only sequence in this performance, in which there is music from a work different from Nutcracker). <br /> <br /> Those who missed this film, or those who despise (or hate it), should give it a chance, despite two major flaws. This is much better than it seems when someone first hears that Kalkin is in it.
