This third theatrical production, directed by a production director who never ceases to amaze, inspire or directly shock, is a strange, nostalgic, carefully thought-out film about a naive American in Germany. after the end of the second world war. An American named Leo does not fully understand what he is doing there. He came to take part in the reconstruction of the country, because, in his opinion, it’s time for Germany to show charity. Regardless of how it sounds, he is not a Nazi sympathizer, or even like a pro-German one, just confused. His uncle, who works on the railroad, arranges for Leo to work as a helmsman in a sleeping car, and he is more and more immersed in the whirlpool of German horrors and mysteries of 1945. <br /> <br /> This progress begins when Leo, played by a rather memorablely calm but tireless actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets the sultry heiress on the train, played by Barbara Sukova, an actress with a nobleness on the surface, but with internal energy. She seduces him and then takes him home to meet her family, who owns a company that produces trains. These were the trains that brought the Jews to death during the war, but now they have a vague daily schedule, and this woman's uncle Kessler is positioning itself as another of those good Germans who simply did their jobs. There is also Udo Kier, a terrific actor who impressed me in Von Trier’s shocking second film Epidemic, although here he is just a decoration. <br /> <br /> Another guest in the house is Eddie Constantin, a quiet actor of strength, playing a gloomy American intelligence officer. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, although all this is completely confusing to Leo. Americans for decades were considered credulous scars from their element, but few were more carelessly concerned than Leo, who returns to his work on what gradually looks like his own train of death. <br /> <br /> The story is told in a deliberately inconsistent manner by the Danish film director Lars von Trier, whose anchor is in exciting film editing and cinematography. He takes a black and white and color image, uses double exposure, optical effects and trick photos, forcing actors to interact with frames projected in the opposite direction, he puts his characters in a richly shaded visceral world, so that they sometimes feel like insects trapped between the glass for our more accurate survey. <br /> <br /> This surrealist work awarded the Grand Jury is allegorical, but perhaps in a different tone for each viewer. I interpret it as a film about the last steps of Nazism, symbolized by the train, and the ethical responsibility of Americans and others, who were too late to save the martyrs of these trains and camps, where they distributed their convicted goods. During the film's time period, and the Nazi state, and such a meaning for the train, are dead, but like decapitated chickens, they continue to shake their reflexes. <br /> <br /> Characters, music, dialogues, and conspiracy are deliberately stupid and almost satirically secure from the noir film conventions. The most exciting moments in the film are completely cinematic. Two trains stop back and forth, Barr on one and Sukova on the other. An underwater shot of expanding blood. An unusually expressive sequence of what it looks like to drown. And the most metaphysical impact of all is the anesthetic rail of railways, since the voice of Max von Sidow convinces us to return with him to Europe and abandon our personal restraint.
