For some reason, this film never appeared in the original language in my neck (despite the fact that he owns the British cable channel TCM, which broadcasts dozens of MGM games every week). It is even more insulting that this is still M.I.A. on dvd ?? even from the recently announced Warners Box Set of Western Classics Collection (which includes 3 more Robert Taylor genres); maybe they keep it for a possible “Signature Collection” dedicated to this steadfast MGM supporter, which may appear next year just in time for the 40th anniversary of his death ?? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film gives him the rare villainous role of an egoist-westerner with fanatical hatred for the Indians, who prefer to use their workshop accuracy, earning easy money on buffalo hunts; The introductory statement offers alarming statistics that the population of this species has declined from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As an employee, does Taylor select former trade specialist Stuart Granger ?? To this end, he rallies the alcoholic, the drunken leg of Lloyd Nolan (who constantly scoffs at the angry and vindictive Taylor) and the teen half-breed of Russ Tamblin. As expected, the company's relationship is fragile ?? recalls that in the center of "Naked Spur" Anthony Mann (1953), another dull MGM Western. The film, in fact, skillfully approximates the taste and strength of Mann’s work in this area (despite the fact that the writer / director Brooks was the first of a few such excursions, but in the aggregate he demonstrated an amazing variety); here also the narrative adds a female presence (Debra Paget, also a half-breed) to be challenged between two tumultuous leads ?? and Granger, like James Stewart from Naked Spur, reluctantly returns to his job (his repentance that he has to kill buffaloes for the sake of simple sport and profit is effectively implemented). <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers, seeing Taylor take a Paget for himself ?? She boldly, but coldly endures his approach, secretly craving Granger ?? and lets out his disappointment at the locals at the bar, while drunk! Taylor himself did not remain unscathed after the transaction: like the protagonist of The Treasure of Sierra Madre (1948), he becomes insecure and jealous of his partners, especially with regard to rare ones ?? and therefore precious ?? the skin of the white buffalo, which they caught; at some point he even goes mad with a buffalo (as Nolan predicted), mistaken, having taken the roar of thunder by the hooves of the approaching mass of the sight! The hunting scenes themselves are impressive ?? buffaloes tread on the spot, falling to the ground upon impact, an endless series of catches of the day and carcasses, which subsequently flood the meadows. Thus, the atypical, but memorable outcome of the film is rightly known: Winter is in full swing, now paranoid Taylor, bloodthirsty Grainger, is waiting outside the cave (in which the last and Paget have found refuge) to shoot him; When Granger shows up the next morning, does he discover that Taylor is hunched over? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> By the way, my father owned a copy of this original novel (Milton Lotte) from the time of its initial release: in fact, he collected a huge number of such publications ?? Is this practice still in vogue after all ?? where the book is reprinted to promote its cinematic adaptation. Also for the record, Taylor and Granger? who works very well here with each other ?? already united (as hunters for native whales!) in the nautical adventure "ALL BROTHERS WERE VALIANTS" (1953), which, oddly enough, is just as difficult to see (in fact, especially since it wasn’t even shown by Italian television over the years) !!
