William Castle is known among horror fans as director of the B-rank of the 1950s and 60s. His tricks, his cost-cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary. It is therefore not surprising that someone (Jeffrey Schwartz, who has made countless documentaries) finally took the time to devote a documentary to his greatness. Such is "Spin Tingler: the story of William's castle." <br /> <br /> I had a general idea of ​​who Castle was, after watching some of his films over the years. I did not know anything about her personal life, his goals and ambitions. This film really revived the man and gave me a more complete appreciation of his devotion to the art of filmmaking and his contribution to the horror genre. The film portrays Castle as rival to Alfred Hitchcock, where Hitch is an artist who receives praise, while Castle is a carnival that receives iconic fame, but much less respect. He is an icon for all second-rate directors, so it is not surprising that John Waters is prominent here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have significant roles.) <br /> <br /> His tricks were what promoted his fame, and the documentary struggles to explain them, which is crucial for those who are too young to remember. The rudimentary three-dimensional picture “13 ghosts” (see Separate review), buzzer on the seat for “Tingler” (see Separate review), money back guarantees for “Murder” ... watching these films is now outside the theater, we can judge their content (which I personally still like), but we cannot fully appreciate what the audience once felt. <br /> <br /> The highlight of the film is Castle's transition from a cult director to a Hollywood producer. Having bought the rights to "Baby Rosemary's", he found himself in a very special place for negotiations on the release of the film. Hoping to direct, he is pushed aside by the producer to make room for the new director Roman Polanski. Although at first he is disappointed, this is one of the best opportunities of his life - an extremely successful film and a work in which he is excellent. Who can better control the wallet of the wild artist Polanski than a closed castle? This was to be his main achievement, although, unfortunately, the film is more often associated with Polanski than with Castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of his years ends, and his daughter and niece give us personal reflections. Apparently, everyone seems to have nothing but praise for this person. Somewhere along the way he probably upset one or two people, but you will never know about it from this movie. And I found that the find is a celebration of the life of Bill Castle, and not “E! True Hollywood Story. Fans of the genre would be nice to get a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I would personally recommend picking up a collection of William Castle, in which there is not only this one, but also Castle's eight films, with many special features. Even this documentary comes with audio commentary, so you can hear how Castle personally influenced Schwartz, and daughter Casla Terry talks about her experience with various films and remakes. This is almost a completely new movie.
