Richard Brooks' The Last Hunt was a movie star that Stuart Granger could not even mention. did he even rip the vintage movie poster when he submitted it for signature in the following years ?? but then the director escaped with his wife, so this is understandable. For someone else, this is one of the best adult westerns of the 50s, and he is ahead of his time in relation to the environment for years. <br /> <br /> In many ways, he plays almost like a continuation of one of Westerns Anthony Mann, who see their heroes reaching out for their redemption, beating and shouting at him at every turn. Here, the legendary buffalo hunter Granger had already seen the light, but after the buffalo’s stampede cost him his flocks of cattle in a fit of poetic justice, he was dragged back into the dark by the staunch and proudly racist shooter Robert Taylor, justifying it by saying I already have a conscience. I can have money too. ” Raised by the Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he is causing to the endangered buffaloes on the verge of extinction, and gradually he becomes almost as engrossed in self-hatred as Taylor is in hate. When do two men fall out for Debra Page squash squash? the only survivor of a group of indians killing taylor ?? and the white skin of a buffalo, which is invaluable to hunters and Indians for completely different reasons, an autopsy becomes inevitable, although the result is certainly not that. <br /> <br /> Taylor is definitely ironic casting ?? it was Granger who abandoned many of the epic roles that MGM had developed for him in films such as Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, which gave Taylor the 50s after many years of decline. The color of his hair may not be convincing, but his behavior makes him, a petty and cruel man so absorbed in hatred that he does not carry a weapon, a weapon wears it. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but he makes a good quiet hero in Jimmy Stewart's sample, trying to keep his newfound decency and align his actions with his convictions before finally getting a chance to correct the situation. The half-blood skinner of Russ Tamblin and one-legged old-timer Lloyd Nolan also give as much as they get, but the real star is the scenario: tightly built with a perfect eye and hearing for the character ?? not to mention the Stanley Kubrick ending, borrowed for The Shine? it balances historical revisionism with entertaining drama, never selling a single short one. New French DVD at no extra charge, but boasts a transfer of 2.35: 1 with an English soundtrack.
