Although I usually do not go to such insanely hot fares like this, I accidentally caught the 1994 version of ANGELS IN OUTFELD (AitO) cable on Saturday morning as soon as it started. As a fan of Adrien Brody, I was curious to see what Brodie was when he was 21 years old (I think 20 years old when he shot him) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling, a service infielder for California Angels (original 1951 , the baseball team for good luck was the Pittsburgh Pirates. The name change is a nice touch as it turns the name into a pun. I decided to give the film a chance, and it turned out to be a fairly painless, even kindly experience, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweetness and excitement based on baseball. Also my 7 year old daughter liked the effects of the angel! :-) Directed by a frequent associate of Mike Nesmit William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), the adopted child, who prays very hard after his negligent dad (convincingly sloppy Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically says that they will again be a family as soon as the last California angels win the pennant. Soon Roger begins to see the real angels in the games of the Angels, led by Christopher Lloyd, whose usual crazy, eccentric disrespect does not allow AitO to fall permanently into the Schmalz zone. Sly manager George Knox (Danny Glover in an exhausting, irritated world of mode) is a tough sale, but as soon as the team starts to win, he believes that Roger's angels will see him, and soon Knox has Roger and his pretty boyfriend and another adopted child JP (charming Milton Davis Jr.) on every Angels game for good luck. Knox even begins to muffle his own temperamental bursts and profanity, both to pacify the angels and for the sake of the children, which leads to ridiculous moments when he begins to dress the judge in his usual way, but begins to edit himself as he goes forward, as a result predictable obstacles, such as the nasty sports commentator Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders) trying to get Knox into trouble because of the angle of an angel. Of course, in the end everything works well for our heroes, but they are damn friendly, you do not mind! :-) Childish-faced Brody has some good lines (I especially like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the National Anthem on a ball game), as well as a pretty piece where a pretty blonde angel massages his shoulders before he leaves. before the bat. Brody is not AitO’s only future star: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neil McDonough, and, of course, the young Gordon-Levitt starred in one of the main roles in the 3 nd film “ROCK FROM THE SUN” on television, but also in films like 10 THINGS. I hate you. Always funny winners Taylor Negron and Oscar (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson provide decent support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie suitable for children and look at some famous young actors before they become stars, AitO '94 will cope with it perfectly.
