Coming right on the heels of Match Point (2005), a fine if a few of the most-repetitive piece of “serious Woody,” scoop gives new hope to small, but hard-headed groups of Allen's followers (among which I have numbered myself) that the master once again found his form . A series of disappointing efforts culminating in the melancholy Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the embarrassing Anything Else (2003), which seriously doubted that another first-comedy Woody comedy, with or without his own participation as an actor, was on the cards. Fortunately, the cards turn out to be a Tarot deck, which serves smart Maguffin Scop and gives an optimistic reading for the future of Woody Allen's comedy. <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging, Woody’s self-reproduction - unfortunately, one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years is inspired self-parody and finally a modest admission that he can no longer play a romantic role with women young enough to be his daughters or granddaughters. In The Scoop, Allen shrewdly assigns himself to the role of Sid Waterman, an aging wizard with cheap tricks and a tired director who, like Woody himself, brought his act to London, where the audience - if not more receptive - is at least more polite. Like Calvero Chaplin in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman gives Allen the opportunity to put on a slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has deteriorated and whose audience is no longer large or appreciative. Moreover, because they seem characteristic, Allen's ticks and prolonged stuttering here distract less than ever. <br /> <br /> Waterman's character also works great on the plot. His fake magic body dissolving box becomes an ironically plausible place to visit Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), the infamous criminal journalist and recent victim of cardiac arrest. Presented on the ferry going to the River Styx, Strombel repeatedly jumps off the ship, because he simply cannot rest in eternity without informing a single last scoop about the identity of the notorious Tarot Killer. Unfortunately, his initial return from the dead leads him to Waterman's magic show, and the only channel for his hot role is Sondra Pransky, a journalism student (Scarlett Johansson), who was called from the audience as a comic ass for The Climatic Cunning of the Magician. Sondra enthusiastically uses the journalistic opportunity and draws reluctant Waterman into the investigation to play the role of her millionaire father. As shown in the book Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and the crazy game between her and Allen is very funny - especially since she never threatens to become a prelude to the novel. <br /> <br /> Scop's serial murderous plot involving the horrendous murders of prostitutes and the main suspect aristocrat, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is without a doubt the predictable result of Allen's long creative leave to the ubiquitous sights and knowledge of Jack the Ripper of London. Yet other aspects of Scoop (as at Match Point) also stem from Woody’s late life with English culture. Its class structure, manners, idiom, clothing, architecture and, yes, special driving habits give Woody fresh new material for screaming observations of people's behavior, as well as keen social satire. When, for example, Sondra tries to play with Peter Lyman in a posh private club, Waterman notes that "from his point of view, we are filth." Fans of tightly-reserved British social manners confronting the insistent Jewish plebeians in the Borscht belt also generate a lot of humor. And, of course, there is Waterman's fun way out in the “Smart Car”, which he cannot remember when driving along the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's humor in The Scoop includes large doses of jokes that take the form of sly hints at cinema and literary sources, as well as, increasingly, references to his own filmography. In addition to the ubiquitous references to Jack the Ripper, for example, the soundtrack for the film is dominated by the arrangement of Grieg, “Hall of the Mountain King”, obsessively whistled by Hans Beckert from M, the first masterpiece of the genre of serial killers. The posthumous gathering of journalists who discuss the exploits of the recently deceased Joe Strombel, clearly mimics the opening of Broadway by Danny Rose (1984). References to Harry's Deconstruction (1997) include using Death as a character (along with his unusual voice and costume), using Mandelbaum as a character name, and also mentioning Adair University (Harry's alma mater and Sondra’s location). now a student). Moreover, the systematic use of Greek mythology on the river cruise of the underworld to Hades recalls the use of the Greek gods and choir in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> As far as quotations are concerned, Allen’s scripts are less reliant on one line than they did in their careers before, but Scoop does provide at least a couple of memorable ones. To a question about his religion, Waterman replies: "I was born in Jewish beliefs, but later I accepted narcissism." And Sondra breaks away from this drop in detection by the criminal Waterman: "If we collect our heads, you will hear a dull noise." In general, Scoop is by far the most pleasant Woody Allen comedy in the last ten years.
