First of all, let me comment that the audience loved it from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East have led people to accept such an attitude: “I came for a comedy, and I’m going to enjoy George”. but for some reason, everyone really seemed like a comedy. The last few times, when Woody tried to make a direct comedy (“Little Scammers of Time”, “The Curse of the Jade Scorpion”, “The Hollywood Finale”), I felt that the one-liners felt tense and a bit outdated. I remember once thinking: "It would be funny in the early sixties." Going into this film, I was afraid that Woody would become deaf, but in this his comic feelings were in perfect condition. Admittedly, there were many of my acquaintances with the AARP card at the screening, but there were also many 20-year-olds and 30-year-olds, and they all seemed to understand this and sometimes stopped laughing in the stomach in addition to numerous laughter, laughter and the like . In many cases, people laughed so loudly at the transfer that you missed the next line. <br /> <br /> Woden dragged thematically over familiar land. As I suspected from the trailer, there were many mysteries of Manhattan Murder in this film, but on the other hand, there was more to it than Oedipus Shipwrecks (New York Stories), Alice and even a small tribute to Broadway Danny Rose in the beginning. <br /> <br /> Even with Woody in the film, Scarlett, like Sondra, was at times a confidant of Woody, but her character was far from neabbish, which, say, Will Ferrell gave us in Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Brano’s attempt on celebrity. Instead of archetypal tics and quirks, Sondra is nervous directly from a family story, which she shares early. In many cases, the “family business” leads her to Malapropism, which we receive as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-suits. Since we are all in jest, we cannot help but laugh. But laughter comes not from the recognition of Woody, but from character. To a large extent, unlike Farrell, Branau, Cusack, or even Mia Farrow before her, Scarlett does not need to use Woody's voice to trigger the role of Woody. Thus, we do not find ourselves cut off from the narrative, as Woody’s voice suddenly emerges from a foreign face. <br /> <br /> As my friend commented on the exit, Sid, the character that Woody plays, is a minor role, but more in the spotlight than I had hoped. However, this time, Woody seems to have written a character who really fits his current person. Unlike his hero Ed Dobel in “Anything Else” or his blind director in the “Hollywood Finale,” this time the character is quite appropriate. Perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in the story. In the elevated circles in which they find themselves, he jumps out of the water even more than Scarlett, who is accustomed to great comedic effects everywhere. Sid is an apt, wandering wizard, playing for a small audience, but the fact that he is from a different era is in front of us and in the center of our pleasure. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? What about Jan (Suarengen) McShane? I liked both of them to the extent that they are used in the play. I especially liked the short but effective McShane turns. Jackman is charming with the ease of “old money” that was so often portrayed in films 50 years ago. (Echo class from Purple Rose from Cairo?) <br /> <br /> And what did I think? The short answer, perhaps his best rectilinear comedy since Bullet over Broadway 1994, is less stylized than the Mighty Aphrodite. Less caustic than Harry's Deconstruction. Less forced than Little Time Scammers or Hollywood Finals. Woody finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
