Hello from the dark again. Remember everything "What happened to Woody Allen?" jokes? Even Mr. Allen ridiculed fans who wanted him to continue making the same "funny" movies. Like any great artist, Mr. Allen's craft developed over the years, and he lost some admirers, at the same time selecting others. Last year's matchpoint masterpiece showed that it is still as relevant and insightful as it was in the days of Annie Hall and Manhattan. What impressed us most, fans over the age of 40, is that Mr. New York himself seems to be in love with his native country. Apparently he really likes England !! During the filming of "Matchpoint", Mr. Allen fell in love with Scarlett Johansson and her real life spirit and sense of humor. This attraction prompted him to write his best comedy in recent years. Scarlett, risking overexposure, you have to pay tribute to not just shooting films that throw her into some glamorous light. She is not afraid to look and behave like a real person. In the film “Scoop”, she shows off some real comedic videos on the screen and in many scenes gives a real highlight to the straight man Mr. Allen. Of course, whenever Mr. Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he will get more than his share in the liners and social comments - which is good, because few people do it better. <br /> <br /> Very good support work from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman gives some insight into why many of us considered him the best choice to replace Brosnan as a new Bond. As with most Allen films, the star is the script, not the actors. Although Scarlett does an excellent job with the task and is a good contrast to the polished Allen and Jackman, this crackle causes a dialogue ... especially the banter between Allen and Scarlett. If you are not a big Woody fan, do not be afraid. He really limits his on-screen time, and he is very effective, with the exception of two or three short scenes that seem almost irrelevant. Another tradition of Woodman is a sparkling background music, and Scoop is no exception ... especially the Strauss composition. <br /> <br /> Scoop is a good mix between Annie Hall and the best of Marx’s brothers. Cary Grant's films or comedies. Yes, this is a comedy for adults, but in fact she is very cute ... especially for a serial killer and a talking ghost comedy !!
