I was lucky to get a free pass to the preview of “Scoop” last night. A full house in the theater, and when the film ended, applause sounded. I didn’t talk to anyone who didn’t like Scoop, although the two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and embarrassedly shivered for most of the movie. They were an exception, because everyone else, including me, really enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" - the mysterious story of the murder. A young journalism student involuntarily maneuvers by forces beyond her control in an attempt to catch a serial killer at large. A lot of jokes happen when she becomes a partner of a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a frisky and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> “Scoop” is not a bad addition to the Woody Allen filmography. This is not his best job, but it is a very pleasant and carefree noise. I would say that it is quite suitable for being an ordinary Woody Allen film, right in the middle of the package. If you're a Woody Allen fan, you'll probably like it. If you are indifferent to his work, then the "Scoop" may be enough to interest you more. I don’t think that someone who doesn’t like his style of filming and acting skills will change his mind. Woody plays the same type of neurotic character we are used to, although in this film he is dangerously close to forced and excessive. Fans of Woody Allen, although they can annoy those who may want him to hurry up and just spit out the words, know what to expect. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, very good performances, although I found myself missing Ian McShane, who is excellent and almost never filmed. Hugh Jackman is great as a charming nobleman, and I think Woody Allen has found a new permanent star to work for Scarlett Johansson. I think that with “Match Point” this is their second pair, and she is simply magic with the material that Woody gives her. May be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad I watched the movie and definitely recommend it. More sophisticated comedy than movies like "Scary Movie 4", so if your comedy brand is the last, not the first, Scoop is probably not for you. If, on the other hand, you like lightweight class, refinement and fun, Scoop is for you. Probably not a Woody Allen film that I would introduce to a newcomer, but everyone else should try.
