Scoop is also the name of the novel by Evelyn Waugh in the late thirties, and the new Woody Allen film, although set today, has nostalgic charm and simplicity. He doesn’t have the depth of characteristics, intense speeches, indecision or the shocking final blow of Allen’s penultimate attempt “Match Point” (which many, including the reviewer, claim to be a strong return to form), but Scoop is very similar to Allen’s Last Exit in the center of attention of English aristocrats, luxury London apartments, murders and disclosures. This time, Woody leaves behind a mysterious murder genre and returns to comedy, while he himself reappears on the screen as an amiable vaudeville, a magician named Sid Waterman, the stage nickname Great Splendini, with whom he opposes the research of some snobs - I used to be in Jewish persuasion, but when I got older, I turned to narcissism. "After the revelation in the middle of the standard Splendini dematerialization act with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky), an audience volunteer, an inappropriate couple The dead ace of an English journalist is picking up one of the latest top stories. On the edge of Styx, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) just met the shadow of the secretary of one son, Lord Lyman, who said that she was poisoned and told him that the charming aristocratic son - Founder Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was the assassin of the Tarot Card. London serial killer. Sondra and Sid immediately become a pair of amateur lovers. With Sidr's ruthless wit and stunning beauty of Sondra, they quickly make their way through the cream of the London aristocracy. <br /> <br /> Woody does not caress his young heroine, as in Match Point, Johansson again - as in the past. Moreover, this time Scarlett is not an ambitious sex sweat and a potential movie star. She suddenly turned into a fooled, spectacled, but still pretty student. Sid and Sondra have no flirting, which is a great relief. They simply unite, more or less politely, to fulfill Strombel's wishes, making friends with Liman and watching him in order to understand his guilt. With minimal protests, Sid agrees to play the role of Sondra’s father. Sondra, who captivated Peter, pretending to be drowning in his club pool, re-christened herself Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, that is, Woody, continues to harbor himself by doing card tricks, but he entertains them with widows and beats his husbands to poker, spewing non-stop lines and all the time supporting, obviously, with the success that he has in oil and precious metals, as he said he is "jade". <br /> <br /> This is all that can be said, or all that can be said, without spoiling the story, revealing its outcome. At first, Allen’s decision to make Johansson an awkward, naive, frank and poorly dressed college student seems not just unkind, but absolutely bad. But Johansson, who has the courage and recklessness in the role of an actress, miraculously copes with this, he is helped by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress look desired, if he wants her. The film actually creates a sense of relationship to fill its limited circle of characters: Sid and Sondra are friendly fighting, while Peter and Sondra have a plausible appeal, although it is artificial and spoiled (she eventually goes to bed with the suspected killer of a maniac). <br /> <br /> What is a bit annoying is that Allen is drooling again because of English wealth and class, the fact that his Brooklyn origin seems to have left him, despite his celebrity, overwhelming desire behind. Jackman is an impressive guy, glamorous and dashing. His parents were English. But can this sports musical comedic star, who grew up in Australia (Wolverine "X-Men"), really become an aristocrat? Perhaps only in films (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> This is not such a strong film as "Match Point", but to say that it is a loss, as some viewers do, is completely wrong. It has no more depth than a half-hour radio show or a TV show, but Woody's jokes are much funnier and more original than in any similar case with the media, and sometimes they show a return to the old wit and ingenuity. It doesn't matter if the film is stupid or stupid when it distracts for summer fun. On a hot day, you don't want a heavy meal. All this is delightfully reminiscent of a time when comedy films were really easy escapist entertainment, without crude jokes or pompous effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics want to tell you that this is a return to the recession of Allen, which preceded Match Point. Do not believe them. He doesn't try too hard. Why should he? He may be 70, but in words he is still light on his feet. And his body is also moving pretty fast.
