I really didn’t watch this show so often when I was a kid, but the first episode I remember was ever seen is the episode when Kimmy Gibble had pierced Stephanie’s ears. when I started high school in 2000. I had problems throughout high school, and I would not do it. but I always watched those saved by the bell, but this show really reminded me of the problems I encountered at school and rarely showed the children of their parents. Saved by the call well, but not a good family show. A few days after I graduated from high school in 2004. I switched the TV to the family channel, and day after day I was into a full house. I could even press the info button and see the year when it came out, and I would remember what I was doing during this time period. The episode was supposed to start, and it was called "birthday blues", and to this day it is the favorite episode, it is sad, with a happy ending, and you see Kimmy Gibbler just as she does not act in other episodes, she actually shows its serious side. I have seasons 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 on DVD, and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I wanted them to have some kind of documentary and some comments from the actors. I don’t know why some people hate this show because you don’t see trash and violence in this show. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you, because you may have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but a full house, in my opinion, is a family living in heaven where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so cool Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is good-natured and always in a good mood. when i was a kid i looked like jesse and he was the first actor on tv as a guy who is so obsessed with hair. somehow we can say that the DJ is a girl from California. I really like the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler, because she always makes me smile and adorns my day when I look at her. and Stephanie is so cool. It's also hard for me to distinguish the Olsen twins. I want my children to watch it once. but full house is my favorite show number one, and teenage witch Sabrina is my favorite game number two. One day, before I die, I would really like to personally meet with all the full house actors. The first 3 seasons are pretty boring, but they start to get better in the 4th season. I just wanted them to spend the ninth season. they stopped doing a full house in 1995, and in the fall of 1996 Sabrina, a teenage witch (a similar family show), came out, but a full house is a very loving show, and they have their good and bad times, and yes, I understand if you are a wild trashy person, you will hate this show, but this show is for happiness, and it is also a moral show. I would also like to say that the first 3 seasons are good children's shows, but in season 4 and season 5, DJ and Stephanie become teenagers. In addition, I noticed that not only in a full house, but also in many shows, they never talk about problems in the world and politics, such as when a full house was aired during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the Oklahoma City bombing. in 1995, they never mention anything about it. also Steve was my favorite DJ's boyfriend, those with Viper and Nelson were not very interesting. but season 5 and 6 I think are the best. I just wanted them to spend the ninth season, because it left a big question mark in my head, because in the last last minute episode, the DJ gets a surprise and goes to her graduation with her ex-boyfriend Steve, I was always surprised if they came back together . and I liked how, in recent seasons, the DJ has always been in charge, and Stephanie always wanted to do something bold, like in the episode "Stephanie's Wild Ride"
