Thanks to Jymn Magon for making the 2 best Disney cartoons ever. This show has greatly improved over the years. As a child I didn’t like it, because I thought it was the robbery of the Ducktales, which was my favorite Disney at the time (for example, Grandmoffromero). Then, however, it was good, but not wonderful. But after reading the reviews, I decided to give him another chance, bought a DVD set and watched the entire pilot on the very first day, and was very pleasantly surprised. This is still my favorite episode, although the show justified it. And by the end of the first disc, I knew that this would be the best player. <br /> <br /> Characters are so complex and charming. My favorite is to be a wildcat. He is absolutely funny and sweet to boot. My next favorite is Balu, the best pilot on the show. I can understand why ol Jimn created the show around him. Then this is Keith Cloudkiker. He and Balu have the best relationship in the series. After that, Louis. Jim Cummings coped well with the role of the original voice. After him, Rebecca. She made me laugh quite hard, and I believe that she and Balu eventually get married. And finally (for the characters) Molly. Although she's my least favorite, I still like her. I think she is a very cute character (much better than Webby from Ducktales). And the villains were very original. Don Carnage and his air pirates always haunt me, Kahn is cold and ruthless, and the fembrians are always, at least, amusing. <br /> <br /> As mentioned earlier, the stories range from funny ones (“There is no waiting time”). Bear, Romance of Red Chimp) is nothing more than a touch (The Old Man & the Seaduck, Paradise Lost), fun, fun and exciting adventures (In search of ancient mistakes and my favorite movie For Who the Bell Klangs). These are just some of my favorite episodes. Anyway, Talespin is the best Disney, except Gummy Bears. Some reasons for this? GB had a decent amount of my favorite character (Cubbi), while TS lacked a Wildcat. But in the end Talespin remains a classic. BOTTOM LINE - 10/10 6th best cartoon ever.
