If you are viewing this show for the first time, you may wonder if you are in an alternate reality. Colorful and creative characters? Interesting dialogue? Plots that seem to have some depth, even creating an atmosphere of uncertainty and drama at times? I mean, this is a syndicated baby show, right? This is the same place that brought trees to children such as Pokemon, Pepper Ann, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and VR Troopers (note that three of the above names are rough Japanese exports, kindly provided by Fox and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you just try some of the quality dishes that were available to children in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period are Transformers, Garfield and Friends, Captain Power and C.O.P.S. (the cartoon is NOT to be confused with live shows on Fox). In addition to these striking examples, Disney also returned to the syndicated programs for children, inventing a model range called “The Disney Afternal”. In addition to the bewildered show called Gummy Bears, early shows such as The Dark Wing Duck, Duck Tales and Rescue Chip-n-Dale Rangers inspired Disney animation teams that also released theatrical classics such as The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Rescuers Down, and The Great Mouse Detective. But over all these wonders shines TaleSpin. The Robbery and Lightning premiere was a two-hour exciting ride, and won an Emmy. To my great pleasure, the rest of the episodes were at the level of the premiere promise. <br /> <br /> Although I like plots and dialogues, I think that for me the biggest attraction is the characters. There is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still error prone; Keith Cloudkicker, full of pre-teenage fear and optimism; Louis, with his loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most interesting engineer since Scotty on the original Star Trek; Molly Cunningham, cute and witty, but with a certain depth, which most of the children's characters do not have, and, of course, Balu is in the center of all this, which I would call a sloppy version of James Bond. This is because whenever problems arise, Balu saves the day with his smoother, fastest Sea Duck (read: Aston Martin James Bond). Of course, in every great show there must be great villains, and TaleSpin is also not disappointing here. From the megalomania of the entrepreneur Shere Kahn to the vanity and always failing air pirate Don Carnage to the gay and inept Soviet fembrists. The animation is good, the music is suitable, and the episodes (for me) are the best of what children's programs have ever offered. Great fun for the whole family!
