This film is about Joseph Smith, about what he stood for and what the LDS church believes in. With all the current media coverage of some fugitives, they confused the LDS Church with the FLDS Church and the criminal fugitive, Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not affiliated with the LDS Church, but international media asked for comments about Jeffs from the LDS church. Jeffs is not mentioned at all in the film, but I think it is ironic that this film, with all its points of view about Joseph, also indicates that at this time there are few people in the media world of the FLDS church and its leader. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and gorgeous. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeffs and Joseph are depicted in Joseph's humanity, acceptance and love. Jeffs’s views and opinions are very different from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church, and this is evident in this film. Jeffs thinks of "Negroes" as devils. Joseph Smith knew that they were children of God, and gave his wife’s beloved horse to an African American (former slave) to buy his son’s freedom. It is shown that Joseph does housework for his wife, Emma, ​​and is criticized by a member of the Church until Joseph tells him that a man can lose his wife in the next life if she decides not to stay with her husband, and housework is a way to help and cherish your wife. Jeffs put one of his polygamist wives on his knees in front of a class full of students, grabbing her braid and twisting painfully until she knelt down. Finally, Joseph was involved in law enforcement and always sought help from the government. Jeffs points a finger at the government and constantly runs away. <br /> <br /> I liked this film, and if you know little about Joseph Smith and what the LDS church believes in, then this film is worth seeing. And if you confused the LDS Church with the FLDS Church, then you really need to collect your act. We are no different from those who believe in Jesus Christ, the holiness of marriage and family, as well as being patriotic towards our homeland and country. We are all different, just as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we stand for. This film is trying to portray it, but in the life of Joseph there is so much that you cannot describe a simple two-hour film. It was a really great show.
