Somewhere at the bottom of the movie studio stairs you can find companies like UFOs, Troma, and below them is the Seduction cinema. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a video production company that specializes in lesbian, erotic, not hardcore erotica. films. She has developed a very dedicated fan base that buys every new title as they are released, but unfortunately the company is too closely tied to the frequent star Misty Munde. I say sadly, because the recent interest in the mainstream and its appearance on the “Masters of Horror” show forced her to chart a little more than the efforts of S.C with a zero budget, which forces the company to look for a new personality. But in the olden days they released this film in a very grateful world. <br /> <br /> Gorgeous Misty Munda is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of the absent father. At school, she meets her ridiculously hot roommate, in which she plays Ruby Larokka, who immediately puts on her, but the director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In the typical S.C style, the film stops every ten minutes for an extended sex scene, but unlike most of their efforts, it has a somewhat interesting story and a couple of good performances. Miss Larokka seems to have a great time as a sexy predator who views Misty as a tasty meal, and Darian Kane looks like a welcome (albeit brief) view of Satan. This is exactly the film that Jess Franco would have started in the 70s (although there is no hardcore sex in this film that Franco always wanted to give up for foreign sales), and it would be advisable for fans of this crazy man to give this film. Let's go to. <br /> <br /> As a long-time zero-budget movie fan (and Troma fan), I came across Seduction movies in their mock movies (Playmate of the apes, who want to become an erotic billionaire), but I actually prefer my more original works. You either see the past with a low budget and sometimes a weak acting game, or focus on these things and just hate all these films. For me, the most obvious thing that unites these budget-free films is a real sense of fun. These low-budget companies can create their own unique style, which gives the viewer something very different from the soft, by the number, efforts of the studio, which load multiplexes. <br /> <br /> If you have never seen the seduction. A movie or this one, or the Sin Sisters (with the participation of both Mundae sisters) is a great choice to start. This is a fun, fast-paced film (although the frequent external footage from the school is a bit out of date), and the DVD is fully loaded with additional material, including a ton of previews of the company's other offerings, a great scene and some others. deleted scenes, including alternate discovery. I recommend that you transfer the bonus feature of the disc, the first film of the director, since it is rather weak and does not deserve special attention.
