This cruel, often cruel western in the tradition of Pekingpa / Leone was suddenly led by Andrew W. McLaughlin, whose previous westerns (especially those who starred in the role of John Wayne) were mostly in the mode of John Ford. It is surprisingly traditional (good guys / bad guys) and incredibly modern. <br /> <br /> Heston portrays the former captain of the Arizona Territorial Police, who has already retired for a year, having handed over the law enforcement reins of government to the reform sheriff (Michael Parks) and found ways to get the law to take effect on cars, telegraphs, phones railway in the early years of the 20th century. But he soon faces a threat from his past - a half-breed criminal (Coburn), whom he removed more than ten years ago for robbing a train, which killed four guards. In the ensuing firefight, Coburn's wife was killed; and so Coburn is eager for revenge. This includes the abduction and, ultimately, the rape of the daughter of Heston (Hershey) by him and his gang. The result is a brutal and brutal persecution of the mountains and deserts of southern Arizona. <br /> <br /> LAST TIGHT MEN, based on Brian Garfield's novel “Gun Down,” are violent in many places, including the clashes between Heston and Coburn, and the rap scene involving Hershey and two members of the Coburn gang (Quade, Paull ) is probably as dubious as the similar scenes in STRAW DOGS and DELIVERANCE. But this does not greatly distract from the psychological approach of the film to the Western genre. McLaglen is capable of dealing with a bloody history on a large scale, and Heston’s performance as an aging lawyer was probably the best he ever gave in any of his films of the 1970s. Coburn makes especially cold-blooded heavyweight, and Parks, and Chris Mitchum (as Hershey’s supposed husband) also make good turns. The music here is taken from Jerry Goldsmith's scores to 100 RIFLES and the 1966 STAGECOACH remake, but it still works here. <br /> <br /> Wisely filmed entirely on location in southeastern Arizona and uses the Old Tucson set, THE LAST HARD MEN are to be released soon Fox on VHS and / or DVD. This is a western that deserves nothing less.
