I was lucky to see this without prior advertising. I was surprised by the flexibility of the ghost in my head the next day and the day after that. I watched it 3-4 times, and every time I appreciate it even more. The decor is gorgeous, the city at dusk has beautiful lighting effects, swampy long shots, and the house itself is overgrown with moss. The protagonist is so pleasant and good-natured that he is easily sympathized with. To a person who complained that there wasn’t enough spark in this film, I would say that it’s because this whole fight against the ghost is being fought by this one person. This is a rather slow film with an unusual amount of time spent before and after a ghost attack, on the development of your character in the family and at work. Discussion of spoilers / <br /> <br /> I especially liked the turning point when he returns to the main city and meets the person who helps him and talks about how to see the ghost. He describes the Woman in Black, and then at the end of the conversation he says that he is returning, because in the end, what harm did she do to him? The other person says: “You can't come back ... alone!” And lends the hero his dog. A cute little dog offers a small respite from the comic relief: it penetrates the house and even into the locked room. <br /> <br /> Many random ghost appearances scared me very much. A woman appears in the middle of a shot at the church, showing that she is not afraid of the church, and she is also not shy and not tied to the house. This is all at the very beginning. Another incredibly memorable scene was with the children behind the church fence, who were watching the funeral. When the camera turns to the right, the woman is visible in the background among the tombstones. An elderly man does not even look at it, but the children all scream and scoff at it. Crreeepy ... Usually ghosts hide in the shadows, pursuing certain places or people. As already mentioned, the malice and wrath of the ghost scare, and I feel that the attacks and the final were perfect and fully justified. The finale emphasized the fact that the hero made a serious mistake by returning to the house. Or perhaps he was marked in spite of everything, saving a gypsy. The guy who plays the hotel manager is so believable and does a really good job with his role. I told my friends about how much I liked this film, and it is gratifying to see others feel the same. I can see how people do not quite see the same masterpiece, especially if they entered it with a big publicity hype. <br /> <br /> I think that the other person summed up when he said that this film had exhausted the question of whether Ghosts can cause physical harm to a person. Like this ... I plan to watch it again tonight, and then "Changeling," ahhh, yes. What other movies to recommend? <br /> <br /> Thank you,
