New York, 1953 One hot night, four famous figures will come together. Professor (Albert Einstein) came to New York to give a speech that he has, Senator (Joes McCarthy) behind him. Later that night an unexpected visitor awaits him; famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to discuss the theory of relativity. Soon, her husband, playing the ball (Joe DiMaggio), appears in the hotel room, begging to sort out their crumbling relationship. Memories of childhood, important events, the perceived consequences of their actions creep in to show how these people cope with despair and hidden fear waiting to erupt. <br /> <br /> Now this is one of a kind! “Minor,” adapted to the play by Terry Johnson (who also wrote the film script), is a strange, bizarre, seductive and completely curious fictional pop cultural trick in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This inspired and cerebral experimental work can be based on its origin, because it seems theatrical, and most of the action takes place against the backdrop of the hotel and in one main suite. Appearance cramps only strengthened the dull and smoky atmosphere of New York. However, these restrictions cannot contain fruitful and bold ideas, which Horn manages to randomly select visually and through meaningful material. The way he reflects on philosophical journeys and interpretations of their heroes' representations (which suggest celebrities without needing to call them), stimulates in a spiritual sense, when memories come to the present, and visions show their fears of realization, which, depending on what you see is either beautiful or pursuing us. There is much food for thought and clues in the verbally innovative (although sometimes awkward) scenarios, with the main focus on the current situation, but the memories give us personal cosmetics (sex, power, enlightenment and fame) of what those who are, and how much burden it can be there, already demanding life. Of course, the story may lead to nothing, and it may feel fragmented, but the dreamy atmosphere and reasonable arrangement smooth out these folds and ensure that it will never become frivolous. Peter Hannan's sensually smooth photograph and the stunningly oozing Stanley Myers soundtrack blend harmoniously into Roag’s stylistically submissive and well-established style of direction. He gives the impression that he is working with something large and large-scale, but otherwise it is not, and a small little universe is created. Vintage costumes and locations of that period are quite successful. What made the film for me should have been an impressive act, which it boasted of the top four. The cheerful, stunning gorgeous attractiveness of the pin-up-style sexual actress Theresa Russell is a growing image that definitely held the film along with Michael Emil's really excellent and charming performance as a professor. Tony Curtis amazingly plays the role of a senator hunting witches, and Gary Busey in a stoic gravelly manner is good as a baseball player. In secondary but amusing support roles are Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> Memorable, fresh and energetic fragment of metaphysics, united by four different extremes. Some may find it pretentiously strange and too talkative, but this one made me plunge into my own little unique world to worry too much about its shortcomings.
