My name is Julia Ross - an exciting 1945 thriller from Joseph H. Lewis, possibly one of the best directors of Hollywood films about noir. This 65-minute gothic oddity from Columbia Pictures came after Lewis's long apprenticeship as an assistant to a succession of poor westerns, East Side Kids comedies, horror melodramas (including Bela Lugosi’s incredibly strange shock “INVISIBLE GHOST”) and the standard product of Studio B (SECRETS CODES, BOMBES ABOUT BURMA, FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, and so on. D.) - this all pretty well set the stage for what was to come from the incredibly talented and inventive Mr. Lewis. My name, Julia Ross (as well as BLACK NIGHT of the following year) presented a director who mastered a rare and delicate art telling a dark and insightful story quickly and efficiently on the most modest budgets. Lewis's later productions, such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure, continued to rely on deft, clear camera work and effective low-key lighting. And very modest resources. <br /> <br /> MY NAME - JULIA ROSS is probably more obliged to the tradition of the British mysteries (it takes place in a studio tied to a studio in England) than to ordinary films about noir and attributes. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take a seat in the home of an elderly woman (Dame Mei Vitti). Two days after her arrival, she wakes up from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and, oddly enough, with a completely new personality - that is, with the elderly woman's daughter-in-law. Having said that she was the victim of a nervous breakdown, she struggled to understand the complete and seemingly hopeless nature of her predicament. But soon she begins to put together the strange and disturbing truth behind this dark secret that her “husband” (always threatening George Macridi) most likely killed his real wife and that she was deceived by forcing him to take part in the terrible and sinister scheme. Much of what sets this generally humble story apart is the indelible touches that Lewis brings to production, marking him as the first of his really serious attempts to become a director.
