I've always been a big fan of Nicholas Roag, and Walk is one of my favorite films. This is the film version of the Rogs stage play, and although most of the film takes place in a hotel room, it still has a cinematic flash. A unique story tells about the famous actress (Teresa Russell), who, after heavy nights over the film in 1954, goes to the hotel to visit the famous professor (Michael Emile), and they talk together in his hotel room. After a while, she wants to go to bed with him, but when they start to undress, her husband knocks on the door. Her husband is a famous former baseball player (Gary Busey), and he wants to know what's going on. Three of them in a hotel room talk about what is happening and what awaits them in the future. Meanwhile, a well-known senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to take the professor’s papers if he does not testify at the hearing. Theresa Russell is simply superb, and although she doesn’t try to impersonate herself as Marilyn Monroe, she does a wonderful job exuding phobias and nuances that Monroe is very well known for. The film shows that she is not only a woman on the verge of a mental disorder, but also a physical disorder. She talks about the impossibility of having children, and at some point in the film she miscarries. You can convincingly prove that this is the best performance of Russell, and I probably would not argue. The film is interesting because it shows a lot of memories, because the characters continue to talk about one thing, and in the memories we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also gives a good solid job, and it reminds me of the strong personality he gives off on the screen. Emil as a professor is a character who has a lot more things in his head than we thought. The last scene in this film is a demonstration of his dark side! One of the highlights of the film for me is his short conversation with the lifter (Will Sampson from The Cuckoo's Nest), and they discuss what the Cherokee Indians think at all times. But, of course, the famous scene in this film, where Russell demonstrates Emil, as she understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The professor is delighted with her demonstration, and so are we! Russell and Rug are married in real life, and they do a wonderful job when they collaborate, and this is probably their best film together. Good performances and very interesting directorial work make this film interesting and challenging.
