If you are a fan of gothic horror, then you are absolutely guaranteed that you LOVE this amazing Italian film of the 60s “The Castle of Blood”. We are actually talking about eerie creaking doors, eerie portraits that seem to be moving, spontaneously dying candles, although from under the heavy wooden chamber doors there is no wind and smoke. Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style, this masterful work of gothic filmmaking is one of the best in the world; only one tiny league under the landmarks, such as Black Sunday, Three Faces of Fear and The Curse of a Weeping Woman. Outstanding directors duo Sergio Corbucci (“The Great Silence”, “Django”) and Antonio Margheriti (“Apocalypse Cannibal”, “Killer Fish”) have succeeded in all areas, including the powerful plot (the one that really causes a nightmare), ultra sinister landscapes and filming locations, stylish black and white photography, amazing music and a brilliant collection of talented performers. Barbara Steele, the asterisk of the aforementioned Black Sunday and the number one Italian goth muse, again shines brightly as a spiritually tortured character, and she is literally surrounded by beautiful companions. One of them, Silvano Tranquilly, even gives a fairly authoritative image of the author Edgar Allan Poe. In this story, he and another rich visitor to the village tavern are challenging the cruel young journalist to take a painful bet. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? he will survive, having spent one night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, he will receive an amazing reward of $ 10 and an interview with Pau. Needless to say, the test is much more dangerous than it seems, even for someone like Alan Foster, who does not believe in ghosts and vampires. The night begins magnificently for him, as he even meets with the stunningly beautiful woman of his dreams, but gradually he learns that Blackwood Castle is a hell of a place where the ghosts of previously deceased visitors fell into the trap for all eternity. I don't know about you, but this is seriously one of my favorite horror films of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti was clearly proud of this film, because after a couple of years he redid it into Web Spider Web. In this film there were several trump cards, such as the cast, no less than Klaus Kinsky in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but in general this original is much superior to it. The “blood castle” literally oozes with the atmosphere and maintains a completely disturbing atmosphere. This is truly one of the rare films that can make the hair on your arms and the back of your neck grow with fear if you watch them in the right circumstances. Watch it late at night, preferably in solitude and in a room lit by candles, and you get an idea of ​​the true definition of horror.
