In the 1960s, many really wonderful and original horror films were released in Italy - and this is definitely one of them! The first thing you'll notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the film. Filmed in beautiful black and white, and thanks to the use of lighting by the director Antonio Margheriti; the film looks almost like a German expressionist horror film. This, combined with a horror storyline, ensures that Dance Macabre is a film that truly captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not harm things - and the good news continues, as in this film she gets the opportunity to strain her acting muscles more than in the films that made her famous. The plot is very aware of the time in which it was released, and therefore includes the great Edgar Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood, that he cannot spend the whole night in the eerie old castle of the latter. All those who spent the night there, died ... and our hero is going to meet with previous players! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror films have no special attention to each frame, and as a result there is nothing special in the genre. So nice to see this movie. Many of the pictures here are incredibly beautiful - from the female side of the couple, wearing only a transparent skirt, to my personal favorite - a shot of smoke penetrating from under the door. This is my first Antonio Margheriti film, and even after watching just that; it is obvious that he was one of the main Italian directors. Also interesting is the fact that the script was co-written with another Italian great figure; Creator Django Sergio Corbucci. The plot may at times be too tortuous, but there is always enough atmosphere at hand so that the film never gets boring - and the fact that it always intrigues, even when the plot slows down, guarantees the same thing. The way Danse Macabre uses the haunted house theme is well done and original, and helps make the story as creepy as possible. In general, fans of Italian and / or cult cinema will not want to miss this little gem!
