I originally saw this film as a child at the old Rialto Theater as part of the Saturday morning triple bill, which also featured Vincent Price's Last Man on Earth and Mario Bava's The Nightmare Castle. I had nightmares about bloodthirsty ghosts for a week after that! Although then I did not know, all three films will be classics of the genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three films scared me, it was the Castle of Blood that had the most profound impact. <br /> <br /> This was the first one to score. I did not even see him from the very beginning, since we were late for the movie and missed the first 20 minutes of the film. This is a lot to skip, since the edited print lasted only 79 minutes (unedited - 87 minutes). But despite this, the gloomy eerie atmosphere (combined with ruined castles, mist-wrapped cemeteries, shadows and cobwebs), the gothic set, a strong effect and tension (especially in the last 20 minutes) scared me of the tombs and made an indelible impression. It took me years to finally get a copy of the film for my collection. Since it was a French-Italian import, it was not a film that appeared on a late show in Winnipeg. I could not remember the title (I remember, I did not see the beginning of the film and was scared to madness), and, even worse, the film was released under literally a dozen different movie titles (aka Danz Macabre) “Coffin with horror”, “Castle of Terror "," A Long Night of Terror ", etc.) And the working title" Castle of Blood "in the US / UK was very general, similar to dozens of other" b "horror and suspense films, which makes it illusory. But thanks to the internet and perseverance, I finally found it! What a pleasure to finally see the film completely after so many years! It may not have had such an obvious emotional impact, as it was when I was a boy, but, as haunted movies go in houses, it stands up well and compares favorably with similar cult films of the time, such as “Ghosts”, “ Innocent. or Black Sunday. The film is an excellent early effort by Italian director Antonio Margheriti. It depicts the icon of the 60s scream Queen Barbara Steele, as well as the well-written script Sergio Corbucci about the skeptical writer (Georges Riviera), who, according to bet, holds A night in a haunted house and, unaware, becomes part of the annual ghost story. Hypnotic Steele is well perceived as a ghostly love interest - like Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus and Margaret Robs in the role of Julia. <br /> <br /> Many of Margariti’s techniques for creating a creepy movie atmosphere (cobwebs, creaking doors, fog, etc.) seem like modern cliches to the audience, but they work much more efficiently in black and white than ever in modern color. use the account of the body and special effects, the film creates a panic in the old manner, relying on a good story, stylish direction, excellent setting, interesting camera work and strong acting qualities. Margarita does amazing work by taking these elements and creating the film’s uncertainty, as the awful paranormal mystery of the house is gradually revealed to the unwitting writer. <br /> <br /> The film is not without flaws. The tempo is delayed at the beginning of the film (ironically, those 20 minutes that I initially missed). This is probably exacerbated by attempts by Synapse films to restore the original length of the film. Although fans are more likely to appreciate the chance to see the film restored - in terms of introduction, this could be a hindrance than help. English voice so just passable, and in the restored scenes, the language changes from English to French (with English subtitles), which certainly will annoy some viewers. <br /> <br /> However, Synapse Films deserves praise for print quality. Obviously, some efforts were made to its restoration and deservedly. <br /> <br /> I really liked the film, and I highly recommend it to lovers of the films of the Italian Gothic of the 60s or anyone who loves a good ghost story. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
