"Danza Macabra" by Antonio Margheriti aka. The Bloody Castle of 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly memorable masterpiece of Italian gothic horror, and also after Mario Bava’s La Maschera Del Demonio (Black Sunday) in 1960 and Roger Korman’s The Pits and Pendulum of 1961. (starring the great Vincent Price) is another attraction that brought the wonderful Barbara Steele to her more than deserved fame as the most important female icon of horror in cinema history. But not only the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele, one of my favorite actresses of all time, the script for Danza Makabra was co-authored by none other than the cinematic genius of Sergio Corbucci, who led such brilliant milestones in the style of spaghetti in the western Jango (1966) and the Great Silence (1968). Directed by Antonio Margheriti - one of the best Italians in this field (immediately after Mario Bava), one of the masters of the gothic horror of all time, and "The Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Hardly any other film works so brilliantly, creating an incredibly exciting, but wonderful atmosphere, as is the case with this creepy masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When in the gloomy London tavern he meets the famous writer of brilliant creepy stories by Edgar Allen Po, the young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts a bet from a nobleman that he cannot spend the night in his haunted castle at night on the eve of all souls. As Foster enters the eerie castle, mysterious things begin to happen. However, after a while he meets a charming resident of the castle, stunningly beautiful Elizabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). However, the mysterious events so far have been only a premonition of the horrors borne by the castle, however ... <br /> <br /> The castle’s eerie atmosphere alone would be enough to create a gloomy mood, excellent black and white cinematography and Reese’s excellent assessment. Ortolani create an incredibly ghostly atmosphere that cannot be compared. The beautiful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I just can't find enough words to compliment this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to combine delightful beauty with the supernatural, as is the case with Steele, and no actress can ever. In addition to Steele, there is another amazing beauty in the film, Margaret Robsam, and she also does an excellent job. The performance of George Riviera in the role of Alan Foster is great, and the rest of the performances are also very good. The Castle of Blood is outstanding in many departments: Barbara Steele demonstrates one of her best performances, cinematography and locations roam beautifully beyond comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly creepy ... The film simply represents the ideal atmosphere, the gothic beauty and art of terror. In short, “The Castle of Blood” is one of the most atmospheric and greatest films about gothic horror that has ever been created, and no one who is interested in the genre should miss it! 10/10
