Today, actresses are happy to gain weight, dye their hair, dress like sluts and lose their glamor for the role, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who initiated this trend. Even as a pretty young woman who wore designer clothes and cosmetics like Constance Bennett from time to time in films, Davis was ready to destroy herself to create a character both outside and inside. <br /> <br /> Her Here is resolutely demonstrated determination in her new film “On Human Slavery”, in which she withdraws from Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a slutty, manipulative, greedy low life to Philip Howard's masochistic. For the first time, he meets her when she is a waitress, and she lets him take her to dinner and go to the theater while she frolics with a rich older man (Alan Hale, Sr.). In truth, Mildred is repelled by Philip's club foot. For his part, Philip seems to enjoy abusing her open flirting and her composure towards him. He lets Mildred bleed out because of financial problems between the guys who throw her when they get tired of her, while he blows away a pair of really beautiful women (Kay Johnson and Francis Dee). When he gets the desire to drive her out, Mildred defeated his apartment and robbed him, forcing him to leave medical school and lose housing. <br /> <br /> “Due to human slavery” today looks rather unnatural. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful actor and attractive, his acting style has a more formal old school, and as a result he tends to meet with everything he is in. He shines in the material, like his role with Davis in “This is Love, I Am After” or “The Fossil Forest”, which requires a kind of technique. performances that would really make her name. If she sometimes seems excessive, she left the stage, and the subtleties of cinema will appear later for her. which she gave and to “Dark Victory.” She was a real actress and a real actress. Davis really allows herself to look like a holy hell; Mildred’s deterioration is absolutely pitiful because Philip seems to be gaining strength as her spirit fades away. > A great movie in which you can see the flowering of one of the greatest stars of the film.
