This adaptation of the 1934 Somerset Maugham novel was bette Davis at stake as a movie actress. She may have won an Oscar for her work, but the films were lent, so her studio did not insist on it. Her acting is not very good by today's standards. As a heartless waitress who jerks Philip, a sensitive medical student, around and almost destroys his life, Davis is too shrill, almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who usually caused good performances by his actresses, may have been amazed by this. Davis is undoubtedly watchable, but so harsh and predatory that it seems almost human. I imagine Millie is calmer, less feminine than Davis, with a tomboy touch. Davis is such a strong, immediate presence that there is nothing mysterious about her that makes Philip's attraction to her more outspoken masochistic than she should be. <br /> <br /> Like Phillip, Leslie Howard is superb. His pale, somewhat faded appearance is perfect for this failed esthete. Nor does he impose a personal interpretation on the part, as, say, Dirk Bogard could have done, which gives his work a rare clarity. He seems to be in full control here, as it should be, playing a person with rational intelligence, who is dominated by irrational emotions that he cannot control or even fully satisfy, since the object of his feelings drives him in ways that he cannot understand. Howard was a good actor, too often starring in standard romantic roles, forcing him to return to the charm, which he does not use here. <br /> <br /> It’s been so long since I read a book that I don’t feel comfortable commenting on the film’s loyalty to it. I think he reflects the spirit of the story well enough, and that Howard has a beautiful Philip Carey. Sexual undercurrents are muffled, and sometimes Philip behaves so masochistically that in the absence of strong sexual feelings, the question arises about the character's sanity, of course, not about Mr. Maugham’s intention. Thanks to Howard’s speech, Philip remains firmly in the spotlight, as can be seen in his various answers and Millie’s longings for the extremes that the mind will come to understand the irrational, in oneself and in others. <br /> <br /> In general, a very good film, at times somewhat untidy, because of its age, it resembles London well and for the most part is well removed.
