The story is somewhat unnatural, because of the sudden change in the fate of the main character, but the images of Leslie Howard and Bette Davis Philip Carey, the naive obsessive lover and Mildred Rogers, unworthy of his attachments, raise this film well above the standard melodrama. <br /> <br /> Sensitive, culturally Philip, who for the most part of the picture is in captivity, to first get carried away and later regret Mildred, unlike the character that Howard had to play a few years later - Ashley Wilkes, South the gentleman is too refined and decent to do so in an era of turbulent reconstruction. In fact, Philip seems to have come to terms with disappointment even before Mildred enters the picture — he doesn’t even seem particularly surprised when his art teacher tells him that he will never become an artist. Perhaps it is this passivity, these lowered expectations that make him put up with the selfish waitress Cockney for as long as he does. <br /> <br /> Although Leslie Howard is remembered, today “human slavery” is mostly thought of as a painting by Bette Davis, perhaps because of the well-known story of how she had to fight Jack Warner to get the role of Mildred , and, perhaps, also because viewers of cinema prefer characters with its audacious energy. Mildred may have an irritable voice, but she also has the ethereal beauty of a stained-glass angel, which makes it somewhat understandable why Philip allowed himself to be bound for as long as he did. Although the man who eats Mildred may at times appear one-dimensional, she occasionally sympathizes with the viewer, as when she gets sick and belatedly realizes that Philip is the only decent person who has ever cared for her. You might also think that she is up to something when she accuses Philip of looking down on her for not being “good” enough. (The scene in which Philip and Nora reject romantic magazines as trash for kitchens seems to confirm this.) <br /> <br /> Most of the supporting characters are also effective, especially Nora, a smart novel writer who loves Philip but knows will never be able to compete with Mildred and Sally, who possess the beauty of Mildred and the decency of Nora and appear as a worthy woman Philip, eventually rewarded. The only character I found empty was the eccentric, abject, elfistic father of Sally, who looks like an ordinary character from an earlier era. <br /> <br /> A classic that deserves its reputation.
