Reading the sites of Bette Davis, you can find cases where the authors claim that there is nothing special about her game. I even found a site that claimed Bette Davis’s success was probably due to her luck. But the films of Miss Davis in 1934 suggest the opposite. The most striking example is the two films that she shot at intervals of just a few weeks: Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. The characters she played in these films, although both are negative, are completely different. Arlene in the first is a beautiful, glamorous and frivolous heiress and a much prettier character than Mildred in the latter, who is a pale, uneducated and arrogant waitress Cockney. Needless to say, Mrs. Davis played both characters very authentically and with equal enthusiasm. But even that is not all. The fact is that the former role that most actresses of that day would wish for was the one she had to play. The last role, which seemed to most actresses undesirable, destroying career role, was the one for which she fought for several months. And it was the last role that launched her among the greatest stars. Therefore, there is no doubt that Mrs. Davis knew from the very beginning what she was doing. <br /> <br /> The film tells about medical student Philip Carey (Leslie Howard), who falls miserably in love with waitress Cockney Mildred Rogers. (Bette Davis), has several weekly points, but much more strong. The story is too big to tell in just 83 minutes. For example, it is completely incomprehensible why an elegant student in general became interested in a brazen waitress. Well, there is one scene in which we see the charming eyes of Mrs. Davis, but this is when his emotions have already fully developed. Nevertheless, the integrity of the story is preserved thanks to the excellent play of Howard and Davis, as well as Steiner's fantastic music, which gives a lot of emotions, even when we don’t see the faces of the characters. In fact, the film is combined with Philip's walking episodes, showing him from the back, complemented by a quivering two-color repetition. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner wrote the perfect leitmotif for every woman in the life of Philip, who is consistently used in the film. And the beautiful scene in which we see Sally’s face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've ever seen, precisely because of the stunning beauty of Francis Dee (by the way, Miss Dee was considered too beautiful to play a leading role in “Gone” ). with the wind) as well as Steiner's fascinating music. Camera movement between some scenes is also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strongest objection is that the events are presented too two-dimensional, which makes the viewer consider Mildred an absolute slut. The most disgusting characters should be the men who lure her into a relationship, despite the fact that they are well aware that they will leave her after using her, but, oddly enough, they have finished posing as cute characters. In the end, Mildred is always - in her own way, but still honestly - informs Philip that she despises him and is not interested in them. Which he simply refuses to hear. It is Phillips’s masochistic nature, associated with his clubfoot and infantile experiences, is the main cause of his love problem. He is enslaved by his club foot just like Mildred, and perhaps he must be free from both in order to begin a normal life. Of course, the selfish and arrogant Mildred, having discovered Philip's voluntary slavery with her, made his own contribution to make his life a hell. Even taking into account that she exploded after she realized that slavery had weakened, it is unclear why she should burn Philip's money (in his novel, Maugham meant something else). In the end, she could also steal it and drink gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> For modern standards, the film is a bit outdated, but every time you watch it, you can reveal new interesting details because of the excellent quality. acting, fascinating music and original editing, so it deserves the highest praise.
