The electrification of Bette Davis is such that it is difficult to recall other female players. They were as perfect in their roles as Davis was in her — they just didn't have to do so much. Some reviewers felt that the book was much better — it was, but giving the film that it should cut 600 pages of the book to 83 minutes is not a feat. The first part of the book did not even hit the screen - she told about Philip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip went to try to become an artist. This also chronicles his first novel - with Fanny Price, who kills herself when she realizes that Philip cannot bring her feelings of love back. This is a wonderful book, but incoherent, and I think that anyone who does not value the film too highly should read the book and understand how good the film is. <br /> <br /> After realizing that he will only ever be mediocre artist Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) returns to England in the hope of taking medicine. While in a cafe, he meets the dismal waitress Mildred (Bette Davis). Although she is not interested in him and basically treats him like dirt, Philip is obsessed. It is so difficult to observe his efforts to find any politeness in this vicious shrew. In one scene, she promises to meet him in the second class lounge, when they almost miss each other, she scolds him: "Why should I wait in the second class lounge when there is an available first class." You just want to shake it. The only time he likes her is when she tells him that she is going to marry another man, a rude salesman, Emil Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred offscreen, he meets Nora (Kay Johnson) a beautiful woman who writes romantic novels under the pseudonym of a man. She jokes about the popularity of books among servants (in the novel, which he saw as Mildred reads them). Nora gives Philip all the love and confidence he needs, but he is not able to return her love. When Mildred returns (Miller did not marry her, and she had a child), of course, he takes care of her and helps her with the child (in the film this is seen as an object - always called "child", never given name or gender) - she thanked him, escaping with her best friend. <br /> <br /> In the hospital, he meets Sally Atelnie (Francis Dee), who visits her sick father. He begins to visit her home and for the first time in his life he finds a sense of family. Then surprise! surprise! Mildred is back as a bad penny and a surprise! Philip takes it. But he has changed and is disgusted only when she tries to express gratitude in the only way she can. Then comes one of the most brutal, verbal battles on the film with phrases like “you fucking dirty pig”, “I only kissed you because you begged me” and “When you left, I wiped my mouth, I wiped his mouth "!!! In the book, Mildred’s many phrases, such as “you are a gentleman in every sense of the word,” “I don’t mind” and “Mr. High and Mighty,” were associated with prostitutes and when Philip meets her He is first struck by this. <br /> <br /> The end of the film shows that Philip (being truly free from Mildred in the only possible way) is now free to love Sally. Again in the book, Sally tells Philip that she thinks she has a child, but that only makes him more confident in his love. This end, like Mildred's "illness", could not be in the film - even in the pre-code. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson was always called upon to play sensible, believable women whom she played to perfection, when she was obviously reasonable herself. Her Nora was a woman with whom Philip was to stay. Francis Dee was one of the most beautiful pictorialists of the screen. She was obviously well-groomed for fame with some roles that proved she was not just a pretty face (Silver Cord and Blood Money), but when she married Joel McCrea, her career began to fade away. Her Sally did not reveal her talent. Obviously, Leslie Howard did not help Bette Davis on the set - it annoyed him that the English actress did not get the role. He usually threw her lines at her, "reading a book from the camera." He began to be interested when the newspaper reported that "the child was running away with a picture" !!! <br /> <br /> Very, highly recommended.
