This film is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman to which men are drawn. Not because she is a beautiful beautiful girl, but because she is a sexual being. Now the film does not come out and says it, but it is obvious. There is a scene in the film in which all men gaze at her. She works as a waitress in a cafe, she does not know how to read, and she has no one to look at, but she flirts. Obviously, male clients in this coffee house are there because of her. One day Philip, a medical student with a bad mask, comes to the store to say a kind word to his friend, but he becomes insane as soon as he sees it. He starts to buy her things, even pays for her apartment. Meanwhile, she meets other people and does not make secrets out of it. He dreams of her as if she is an angel, but she is not an angel. He constantly thinks about her. His grades in high school were not even justified. So new is too good. He wants to marry her, but she rejects him because she marries another guy. She always makes it clear to Phil that she really does not have constant love feelings for him. His heart is broken, but he meets another woman. They seem good, but it is obvious that he still dreams of Bimbo. Mildred is returning with a child and not married. Philip takes it again, but she starts to go out with his friend, the light bulb lights up a little, and he kicks it out. She does what she knows works, so she tries to seduce him, well, it does not work, and she continues to burn his tuition money. Oh, we have a leg because of which he has a problem, although a street teenager with the same problem tells him about it. He meets another girl named Sally, we have a montage of time in March, which shows how she grows old while he leads her, still waiting for Mildred. He does not have schoolwork, he can not find a job. Finally, Sally and her father take it inside. Not earlier than in March a montage will appear showing that it is going downhill. Soon, his uncle, who raised him, dies, and he gets paid to become a doctor. Meanwhile, he finds that Mildred needs him again. She has tuberculosis. in the meantime, he still leads Sally along the path of the Primrose about marriage, and he gets on the steamer. Finally, Bimbo dies, and Philip declares that he is now free, and he will marry Sally. I wish she told him to fill it up. Now I know that my perception of the characters will not bring me any points. But I feel that Philip was a bad guy. Yes, Mildred is Strumpet, BUT he knows this and keeps coming back. While he has two other girlfriends who love him, but he treats like snacks. I believe that sex was not so good. But in any case, he tracks down those women who are waiting for Mildred. Not only is the man who became pregnant with Mildred already married, and when Philip asks him what he is going to do with the Baby (obviously, the baby's name), he laughs, he is not going to support her and Baby, and he is rich. Sally's father, who has 9 children, says pretty unpleasant things about women, but he is called an old traditionalist. Philip, it seems, also does not refute his feelings. Men use Mildred as a toy for boys, but the men in this film look unscathed. Yes, she was not a respectable woman, but far from a villain. For me, this was a real problem with Philip, and this was his sexual obsession with Mildred.
