I like Leslie Howard in his best films. However, for some reason, his performance in “HUMAN BONDAGE” never touched me. I first saw the film on my campus in 1972, and a reviewer in a student newspaper made a comment that in the 1930s and 1940s, Howard played roles that were supposedly later chosen by Dirk Bogard as a person who was born to be a traitor. This is usually not the case (by the hand, I think that Ashley Wilkes was a man who could be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara were meant to be the subject of Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonia, not Scarlett). Howard could play any type, and a role similar to RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins, not betrayed. * <br /> <br /> (* It can be argued that Philip Armstrong Scott was betrayed by two strangers, whom he shows hospitality to the 49th PARALLEL, but they are Nazis, who consider him - a liberal, western, Canadian - fair game with double cross in wartime. This is not the same as emotional betrayal, and as a result, Howard does not die, but faces Nazis and captures one after beating him.) <br /> <br /> I think the reviewer had mind that Howard could be spiritual - or try to be spiritual. Witness his poet - dreamer - wanderer in a petrified forest. But this character was not betrayed, except by history (perhaps he believes that his type is as outdated as the gangster played by Humphrey Bogart). The character of Philip Carey in the film SOMERS MOUM “HUMAN BONDAGE” is also soulful. It is sensitive for several reasons. He is interested in art and trying to become an artist, but unlike the artist Strickland in “The Moon and Sixteen” he does not have a real talent. Therefore, he decides to focus on medical research, underlined the state of clubfoot. Here he is a man with low self-esteem, who is committed to betrayal. <br /> <br /> Philip finds this treachery in the form of Mildred, the waitress Cockney (Bette Davis), hired and selfish, like them. to come. Why Phillip falls in love with her is not really seen in the film, but he finds a woman charming. And she finds him an easy ticket for food. Ironically, being so fascinated by this whore, Philip overlooks two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Francis Dee), and who are more willing to be his partner. He also continues to forgive Davis when she has affairs with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny is Howard's last friend). <br /> <br /> Although Howard’s performance reflects Philip’s inclination to Mildred, he really doesn’t show enough passion (until he is late in the film when he turns it on). That is why I find that I have never cared about his performance here - there is no reality in it. His later exhausted insistence in Gone with the Wind, that he loves Olivia De Haviland, rather than Vivian Lee, is more consistent with a man in love. But playing Davis as Mildred makes the film important. Until 1934, she had a variety of roles, for example, the girl of a deaf pianist from the film “The Man Who Played God” or the spoiled heiress killed in FOG OVER FRISCO, or the mouse-like secretary in Three on a Match. Like Mildred, she finally showed that she could be the main actress by playing a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> It is curious that her performance was not one note. While she uses and insults Howard during two-thirds of the film, culminating in this famous scene, where she shows how disgust of his kisses made her, her last scenes show that she too can fall apart due to the deterioration of her health and her inability to save any honest work. When Howard rejects her, the audience does not notice how he becomes just as vicious (he asks what happened to her child - she tells him that the child is dead, and Howard sharply says that he is glad that she hardly expects it) . In the end, Howard finally puts his life in order, but Mildred finishes the sacrifice (ironically, her death was discovered by her old boyfriend Denny after a medical call). The Academy of Arts and Film Sciences was unable to nominate Davis in 1934 (which led to the largest record campaign in history - and constant changes in its rules), but Davis was recognized as a star. A year later she won an Oscar as Joyce Hat in DANGER. And two years later, she again starred with Howard (as equal stars) in "The Petrified Forest."
