Cockney accent Bette Davis in this film is absolutely terrible. I fully understand that Americans and representatives of other nationalities may not understand this, and this is normal; but believe me, it's about half the size of Dick Van Dyke with a Cockney accent in Mary Poppins, and it was the right load of an old pony (slipped into the London language - a lot of apologies). <br /> <br /> The great thing for me is that the strange accents and exaggerated acting styles do not detract from the strength of the films. Of Human Bondage is a fascinating movie, despite its superficial flaws. This should also be seen in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of filmmaking at that time must be evaluated, and given these limitations, John Cromwell does an excellent job of directing the camera and allowing the narration to develop cinematically, and not only through a mannered game and wild dialogue. A wonderful example of his skilled director is the scene at Victoria Station. It is beautifully conceived, filmed and edited. Notice also sharp shots of prostrate Mildred at the end of the film; they owe more to the early days of creating a feature film than to the sanitized, formal world of the studio that was going to dominate. <br /> <br /> The themes of the film are well-known and irresistible: sexual obsession, unrequited love, despised passion, self-hatred, manipulative relationships, social differences and youthful stupidity. Although the dialogue is often quite beaten, the difficult task of depicting these themes and the inner life of the characters is well resolved, albeit with restraint. It is inconvenient to look at some scenes of obsession and emotional rejection, but the story does not turn into a cliché; we know that the characters (even the poisonous Mildred) are victims and criminals, and that their actions are motivated by their lack of understanding of each other's feelings, as well as intentional selfishness. While the naive story in style comes to the complex heart of the human condition, the mannered nature of action and random exchanges do not diminish the veracity of the work. <br /> <br /> Human Binding was one of the films that Bette Davis noticed in Hollywood, and while watching you feel like witnessing the birth of a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and charisma on the screen (no one trembled or despised as Mrs. Davis) caught your attention from her first appearance. Although her role in the film was certainly remembered, Leslie Howard is also great as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. But this is a good combination, why didn't he help her with this terrible, terrible accent !?
