I thought it would be a continuation of the original “36th Chamber of Shaolin,” but in fact it’s rather the carefree “sister” of the original. Gordon Liu still plays the role of a potential hero in an effort to learn kung-fu to defeat these pesky Manchus ... but this time he is easier and more comedic. The film is centered around a local mill, where wages are being reduced due to the hiring of 10 new Manchu bosses. Liu plays Chao, who can fool the mill bosses, thinking that he is a Shaolin monk with an almost magical kung-fu skill. But his luck was over, he was exposed as a swindler, and he promises the mill workers that he will go to Shaolin Monastery to study kung fu, and will return to protect them. <br /> <br /> The comedy really begins in the monastery, where Chao makes several attempts to get recognition. This creates a lot of really funny moments, and a lot of great combat choreography. Continuing the tradition of the "36th Chamber", we see all kinds of neat and interesting (and highly hockey) teaching methods in the monastery, as well as the creative use of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also a unique and remarkable is the mixture of kung fu and crafts from bamboo scaffolding. Chao is not accepted to study in Shaolin, but he is forced to build bamboo forests for the "10-year restoration" of the monastery. The DVD I bought has a special offer on bamboo fishing line and inspiration that director Lau Kar-Leung drew from this. This craft is many hundreds (perhaps thousands) years old, and in Hong Kong forests are still being made of bamboo, even at high altitudes, although steel pipes and clamps are used exclusively in the West. As a result of his work on the selection of forests, Chao developed a special style of kung fu ... when asked what kind of species he was, he cheerfully answered “Kung Fu Scaffolding”! which he first experiences during torture with the abbot of the monastery. In the final confrontation with the Manchus, there is a dazzling array of creative uses for bamboo poles and ties. <br /> <br /> In terms of comedy, I think this is one of the best Kung Fu genres. Like the Kung Fu movie as a whole, it also stands out ... I recommend it to everyone!
