After 21 films and three years of working in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role that she called hers, and which put her as a force to be reckoned with. Like Mildred Rogers, Davis exploded with the completely uncritical role of a slutty waitress who was targeted by Leslie Howard’s attachment and already longing to sink her teeth into a role like this, she had no doubt about the terrible things her character meant to do. throughout the film and the terrible transformation that it will undergo. It was also widely noted that her performance here, one of the few things that make this slightly uneven film available for viewing, was remembered even after two remakes and scenes where she breaks into Howard, made history in cinema. <Br /> <br /> After about 85 minutes, the story moves at a good pace, telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard), when his life again and again crosses the life of the destructive Mildred Rogers. <br /> <br /> Chemistry of Howard and Davis almost does not exist - Davis endured in an interview much later in life, she personally didn’t really care about Howard’s icy mood toward her, and this helped her to behave even worse (in her character) in relation to him, like Mildred. However, both seem awkward to each other; their scenes together remain tough, only saved by the fierce acidity that Davis brings to her line and her own nervous presence. On the other hand, Cromwell’s management has some unnaturalness in itself that sometimes cannot get through - it tries to fill some space (whenever Davis is not there) with decays and montages indicating over time (calendar superimposed on the change by Francis Dee) . Everything is much in style then. This was before the appearance of technical details and complex camera angles, and, in fact, the visual history is a simplified, simple translation of the novel by Somerset Maugham, which speaks volumes, since on 600 pages of “On Human Slavery” even then it was really difficult to shoot. <br /> <br /> In the story, it seems that Philip Carey could be something of a gluttony for punishment, since there is no noticeable sexual attraction between him and Mildred, and this is aggravated, Mildred never hides his displeasure from the very beginning . Howard's performance never seems to go through a lot of external emotions - his eyes are constantly sad, his expression never deviates too far from lost (he could be almost a distant relative of William Hert in The Accidental Tourist - dejected, offended, and completely passive) but this is probably part of his character and the reason he does not see other women (played by Kay Johnson and Francis Dee) make themselves vulnerable to unresponsive feelings. It is interesting that Nora Johnson, when she realizes that Carey will never fall in love with her, is the one who sums up the story with her observation that people are connected with other people — she is connected with Carey, since Carey is connected with Mildred, and Mildred herself is associated with Miller (or men who match the role of the supplier). In her short but memorable scene, she is the one who holds the essence of the moral of the story.
