“Return to the 36th House” is one of those classic Kung Fu films that Shaw makes back in the 70s and 80s, the genre of which is equivalent to Hollywood's spaghetti westerns and the protagonist Gordon Liu, a double of Clint Eastwood's West. Digital remastering and a new print made for Fantastic Film Fest, this is “Presented in the Shaw Scope”, just like in the good old days. <br /> <br /> This film is a simple story of good versus evil, told in Act 3, which more or less summarizes the narrative of martial arts films of that era. <br /> <br /> The first act creates the prerequisite. Workers in a dyeing factory in a small village are dissatisfied with their party, because their incoming Manchu gangsters cut their wages by 20%. They can't do anything about their exploitation, because none of them owns the martial arts that can handle the gangsters and their boss. At first, they had little success in forcing Liu to impersonate the highly skilled monk Shaolin (one of the best comedy sequences), but their awakening was exposed when they spread the limit of believability, posing as one too many times. <br /> <The second act shows that the main character wants to return to the mafia. However, without real martial arts, he sets off on a journey to the Shaolin Temple in order to slowly penetrate and study the martial arts. After a few moments, he was finally accepted by the abbot (whom he claimed to be!), But was disappointed in the teaching methods - like in the style of Mr. Miyagi in karate, but instead of drawing fences, he builds forests around the temple. , Nothing can crush a good man, and he unwittingly builds strength, endurance and studies kung-fu in an unorthodox way. <br /> <br /> In the third act, the battle festival begins. With wacky sound effects, every obvious non-contact on the film gets the maximum shock processing. But this is quite a refreshing observation of the battle scenes here with its wide angle shots to emphasize clarity and detail between sparring partners, and the use of time-lapse photography only to show tricks from different angles. You can find the speed of fights too slow, with a pause between turns, but with Yuen Vo Ping and his style used at the same time in Hollywood films, they definitely don’t do the fighting scenes as before! Returning to the 36th ward on Monday is rerun, so if you are playing a nostalgic journey through the memory lane, what are you waiting for?
