Well, here’s another amazing example of awkward 70s cinematography! Elementary premise "What happened to Helen?" quite shocking and disturbing, but presented so stylish and elegant! In the hands of any other film crew, this would certainly be an unpleasant and gritty history of exploitation, but with director Curtis Harrington (“Who would kill Aunt Roo?”) And screenwriter Henry Farrell (“Hush, Hush, Sweet Charlotte”)) it has become a beautiful and almost charming mixture of themes and genres. The main plot of the film is definitely terrible, but there is still a lot of things, such as love stories, an amazing atmosphere of the 1930s and a lot of singing and dancing at the dance! The installation is definitely what makes this film unique. We literally catapulted into the 1930s with a sublime image of music, religion, theatrical business and the wardrobe of that era. After a long and exhausting process, in which their sons were sentenced to life imprisonment for murder, Adele (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) flee to California and try to start a new life, running a dance school for young talented girls. In particular, Adele perfectly adapts to the new environment, as she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helen continues to plunge into a downward spiral of madness and paranoia. She only listens to the conversations of the radio evangelist, fears that she will be punished for the crimes committed by her son, and gradually develops violent tendencies. The script, although not entirely flawless, is well written and the film has an adequate pace. In “What Happened to Helen,” it is never boring, although the singing, tap-dance and tango sequences are rather lengthy and in many ways unrelated to the real plot. But the atmosphere is constantly ominous, and the film definitely benefits from the amazing acting of Shelley Winters. She is absolutely scary as an unpredictable and introverted lady who is about to break down at any second and, especially in the last ten minutes or so, she looks more stunning than all Freddy Krugers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers put together! There are some amazing support characters who, unfortunately, are a bit underdeveloped and lack their potential, such as Micahal McLiammuir as a daring teacher of speech, Agnes Moorhead as a creepy priestess and Timothy Carey as an obsessive female visitor. We have a couple of amazingly horrible scenes and moments of real shock for Grand Guignol fanatics, but especially breathtaking sets and costumes (even Oscar-nominated!).
