I watched (and recorded) several years ago on local television, and, discouraged by this, I subsequently erased the tape; however, when it was released by MGM as part of a two-featured "Midnite Movie" DVD with Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters films at a very affordable price, I could not resist giving it a second look (published since then). In fact, I received a DVD a few months ago, but just now, with the passing of Harrington, I got to it; Fortunately, this time I was more susceptible to the film and, in fact, now I consider it one of the most satisfactory. WHAT HAPPENED WITH CHILDREN JANE? (1962) imitations (with which, by the way, screenwriter Henry Farrell shared). <br /> <br /> The film offers a great recollection of the depression of the 30s of America - with its infatuation with a child star and sensational murders (exploited during the forgery). opening newsreels); it is stylish (thanks to Lucien Ballard’s cinematography and the decorations of Eugene Lurie) and boasts David Raksin’s spectacular score. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds, and Michael McLiammoire perform well; the latter is particularly impressive as a bulky and dimly ominous diction trainer (although in the end he proves that this is just a red herring!). Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead are also featured (in fact, her role is only a cameo, since her evangelist is mostly on the radio). <br /> <br /> Many seem to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by children (including Mei West’s funny imitation), but they didn’t bother me personally; the film overestimates its reception a bit because of the slow pace and (perhaps unnecessarily) confusing plot. Reynolds, the musical star herself, is ideally chosen as the owner of the dance school, and despite their rivalry on the set, she and Winters work well together. The latter, in fact, gives a more balanced image of paranoia and madness than in ANY TONE ROO? (1971); Thus, in the narrative, a series of ironic twists appear, which led to the expected denouement of the Great Guinoll type. Obviously, the film was softened (initially it contained more blood and even an assumption of lesbianism!) Produced by Martin Ransohoff - contrary to Harrington's desire - to get a PG rating ...
