The most bizarre of cinematic sub-genres are the so-called “Great Ladies of the Great Guinoll”: horror films in the camp, which combine melodrama and gothic thrills and were always shot by a seasoned and almost forgotten actress from a Hollywood golden age. in unflattering roles or long-suffering victims, or screaming evil harpies. This genre provided them with an unusual acting showcase, which allowed them to once again demonstrate their things on the screen and win new generations of fans at the expense of their glamorous images of yesterday. <br /> <br /> “What happened to Helen”? Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters played the last drop of this subgenre in the role of anxious mothers of two convicted criminals who ran from their past to sunny California in the 1930s to open a school of talents to milk greedy mothers who want their daughters to be next shirley temple. In California, Debbie gets happiness, customers, tango, tap dance and new love interest (Dennis Weaver, meanwhile, Shelley gets a monster with terrible memories, threatening anonymous calls, threatening strangers, threatening Agnes Moorehead as an evangelist radio, cute little rabbits (!) And unfortunate collision with an electric fan (oops!). <br /> <br /> A sloppy script (written by Henry Farrell, a man who started this whole genre with "What happened to Baby Jane" along with chief director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawfort and Bette Davis are full of holes in the plot, red herrings and missed opportunities that could make this film great: the main themes of distorted motherhood (with characters Debbie and Shelley as “failed mothers” and powerful mothers of child stars) and possessed female ties ( Debbie and Shelley’s relationship and the fact that several of the male characters in this film are either ominous or unkempt, even Dennis Weaver’s dream boat “Teksan” disappears. Instead, we get the Debbie Reynolds Musicals and the Musicals dance, although the fun of watching takes too much time on the screen of what is supposedly a psychological chiller. But still this film is very interesting. Two stars and the stylish direction of Curtis Harrington easily overcome its shortcomings. The film of the 30s - colorful and elegant (look at Debbie's clothes!), Created with a very limited budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is really creepy with a shocking ending that will haunt you for days. And you couldn’t easily forget this silly song “Goody, goody” that sounds in the film. And to see more and more crazy Shelley Winters, who has all the chances of Debbie Reynolds for good luck - this is a scream! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
