Gently wedged between THE STRANGER, a small film in noir style, which proved that Wells can do a lot of genre work with the budget and on time and, ironically, proved his biggest box office success in the forties, and MACBETH, a budgetless adaptation of Shakespeare, shot in old western style. After 23 days, LADY FROM SHANGAI arrives, a dark film noir woven from the same fabric from the Wellesian myths, which covers the Magnificent Ambersons, Mr.. ARKADIN and any other film that the director could not save from the bosses of the studio. <br /> <br /> Six years after the Maltese Evil, with a complete post-war passion for film noir, Wells Always ahead of his time, a true visionary director of stunning artistic integrity, represented a labyrinth world of shadows that is already darker, sinister, paranoid and serpentine than all that his contemporaries were doing at the time. It is not surprising that the film was so misunderstood at one time that a whole hour of footage remained on the floor of the cutting room, and Europe again played the role of another classic Wells. <br /> <br /> Certain parts are highlighted. The aquarium scene with its flickering light and ominous shadows, and, of course, the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors finale, which is the same classic piece of Wellesian bravura as any CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only flaws I find in the film are the ill-considered Irish accent of Wells and, perhaps, some strange changes in the first act. However, the story unfolds gradually fascinating, and these cuts only strengthen it. I believe that the highly split versions of Shangai and Ambersons achieve surrealistic quality. <br /> <br /> Wells was exiled to Europe for ten years and will return in 1958 to present another classic classic - the monumental TOUCH OF EVIL, possibly the pearl of the film noir, which by that time was already in its dying days. Shanghai was not a box office success, as was the star car for the first Hollywood star Rita Hayworth, and Wells's marriage to Hayworth ended even before the film was released. Sixty years later and one hour less, Shanghai still remains one of the best films of noir-pictures you can find. Of course, this should mean something.
