Despite the love of Rita Hayworth, finding the last few episodes of the film, intriguing and capable of appreciating some subtle “symbolic” aspects of cinematography, “The Lady from Shanghai” didn’t really work for me. I had problems with most of the performances, the script and the overall structure. And in the film, where people mostly talk to each other in different situations, this is quite problematic. The lady from Shanghai turned out to be with a very low "C", or 7, for me. <br /> <br /> The lady from Shanghai is really all about the character of Orson Welles, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park during a carriage ride and beats her. Later, he rescues her from robbery, and she beams him. O'Hara is a sailor from Ireland, and Elsa, traveling all over the world, owns a yacht with her husband Arthur (Everett Sloan), a very famous and influential lawyer of the state of California. They persuade O'Hara to work for them, despite his initial reservations - he and the audience think that Elsa is just looking for someone to deal with, and O'Hara does not want to interfere. <br /> <br /> Soon after they went to work on their yacht, a strange man, George Grisbee (Glenn Anders), appeared in the port of call, who said that he was Arthur’s partner and was starting to cause problems. In the end, Grisbee asks O'Hara to enter a very dubious and dangerous scheme. Stupid, O'Hara agrees. Naturally, this gives him a lot of trouble, and ultimately reveals a number of mysteries. <br /> <br /> It’s possible that my problems with the film are that I’m still not a big fan of Orson Welles, and here he produces, writes, directs and consumes most of the screen time. I have not seen anything like the majority of Wells, but I liked his later films when he became a little more amiable and artistic. I love F for Fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974), for example, and I even like his performance at Casino Royale (1967), when he fancifully insisted that he was allowed to do magic tricks at a table with baccarat, but Citizen Kane ( 1941) never brought me great benefit, despite the fact that over the years he had 3 or 4 chances (including about a year ago; my rating was low 7, as was my current score for Damu from Shanghai) . <br /> <br /> Wells’s work and the dialogue he wrote for himself seem touched and pretentious to me. He talks a little, a little rude and a bit monotonous - it sounds like it reads. His presentation reminded me of what I saw in the version of Moby Dick Wells (listed on IMDb as 1999, but “completed” in 1971, it can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995)), where he seems to be just reading into the camera and believes that he is by nature, sublimely dramatic. I'm also the one who almost never complains about accents, but somehow Wells manages to make his Irish accent sound and pretentious to me. <br /> <br /> As for the other speeches, I can only say what Hayworth thought did a great job. Of course, she is gorgeous, that does not hurt. There are a lot of sweets. Like Wells, Sloane also seemed to me a little agitated and pretentious - I never bought his character, his handicap, and so on, and Anders is just strange, where the strange does not seem to fit. Wells often shoots him close-ups, and Anders almost always has an exaggerated, manic expression on his sweaty face. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the lady from Shanghai is very uneven. The first 50 minutes or so are extremely soft and soap operas, although soap operas are usually treated with a tortuous incline. As soon as Grisbee presents his scheme, everything is getting better, and basically we are nearing the end. But by the time the “Lady from Shanghai” becomes a film about crimes and riddles, it is too late, and it quickly turns into drama in the courtroom to a sudden, exciting finale that appears almost from nowhere and ends too quickly for his relative. superiority. <br /> <br /> The end is more action-oriented, less dialogical, more diverse and exotic in settings, and sometimes quite abstract. Wells skillfully handles this combination of material as a director. If the “Lady from Shanghai” were to a large extent a combination of criminal and mysterious material and artistic finals, then it could be just at least 9. The final scenes would easily be 10 seconds, as Wells leaves Hitchkian's waiting scene in San Francisco The Chinese Opera House in another unknown scene in a Chinese amusement park. The culmination of Funhouse uses cinematography, which was experimental for its time. It is well integrated with the script, as it allows complex resolution and feeds a lot of symbolism. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is everywhere interesting, even if it usually cannot compensate for the problems in the foreground. Wells blocks scenes with skill. There are many attractive shooting locations, from Central Park to Acapulco and various locations in San Francisco. Wells effectively creates symbolic backgrounds for its action, from the highlighted heights and steep drops of Acapulco to the labyrinths of the labyrinths of the streets of the Caribbean, beautiful frames and silhouettes of the San Francisco aquarium, and so on. Romantic material, for which the Aquarium serves as one background, is interestingly softened by a certain awkwardness throughout the entire film, but, on the other hand, because of this romance never works like romance. <br /> <br /> Of course, Wells' serious fans will appreciate The Lady from Shanghai much more than I do, and of course it's worth seeing if you love Rita Hayworth. The lady from Shanghai is not quite a horrible film, in my opinion, but it is dangerously close to not “getting through.” Act with caution.
