In New York, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) rescues Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from robbery and rape when she takes a horse and cart through Central Park - and lives to regret it. Titian's Hayworth is platinum blonde in it; as dazzling as fresh snow, but far from being so pure ... <br /> <br /> It would be a crime to uncover some more complicated plot in this original “noir”. This is as deceptive as the mirrors used for the cataclysm in the final scenes, but the film keeps much darker secrets: from the New York Times: "Shadows of childhood: the hidden story of the black dahlia's murder" Mary Patsios "Mary Patsios" who was a 5-year-old girl who made friends with 15-year-old Bette Short, traces Short’s steps, talks with friends and colleagues, and also offers a detailed, though speculative, analysis of Orson Wells, especially regarding his film Lady of Shanghai. According to Ms. Patsios, the film, along with related archival materials, contains many of the same ritual elements associated with the killing of Short. She raises the question: could Wells be a murderer? “Interesting theories — and with the flow of books on Black Dahlia — there can now be much more. Fritz Lang’s brutal film noir, The Great Heat (1953), was a Romance story about the murder of Dahlia in“ The City of Nets ” Los Angeles, but this is Orson's opus, which "Dalia had a" practical "connection with. In fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and the Hollywood mob wars of the 1940s) who did Dahlia ... but this does not deny much of that what Patsios wrote. Almost all of Hollywood intersects with Elizabeth (the Black Dahlia) Short, and her tale / aura / Heritage / Curse is coded in several films about the Golden Age. <br /> <br /> Black Dahlia has always been included in the peripheral edges of Shanghai - even before filming began. Barbara Payton about Francho Tone: “It was when thinking about creating “The Lady from Shanghai" before he lost the opportunity to Orson Welles. Franchot said that he was in poor condition because of this deal when he ran into a dahlia in the Formosa cafe * opposite the Goldwyn studio .. . "* On the second floor of the cafe" Formosa "was the office of Bugsy Siegel and" Dalia ", which again turned on / off the dreams and working "girls". <br /> <br / It gets deeper and darker — after the 1951 brawl because of Barbara Payton between Tom Neil and Franchott Ton, who sent Franco to hospital with a concussion and “never speaks the same way again,” said Barbara, she married Ton, just to annoy Neal. " Tom (“Bypass”) Neil also knew “Dahlia” (and who isn't?) And became obsessed - From John Gilmore's Despair of Los Angeles: “The murder in January 1947 of a young, beautiful future actress Elizabeth Short, known as“ Black dahlia ”, was one of the most terrible murders in the annals of modern crime. Actor Tom Neal, who raised the hell out of World War II, started the project “Who Killed the Black Dahlia?” Films. Potential producer Gene Harris: “Someone will have to come up with a more creative business proposal than what Tom Neal and his colleagues presented ...” Shortly after, “One day, clarity would come when Tom sneaked on to his beautiful The new wife of Palm Springs, when she lay on their couch and shot at her with a bullet .45 Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knew Dahlia and their stories are well known. It seems that everyone who crossed the path "Dahlia" (like the well-known black cat), entered the "Twilight Zone". “Darkness and / or an incredible setback happened later. Tone / Neal / Wells are just a few, and this includes the directorial film called The Lady from Shanghai ... <br /> <br /> The Lady from Shanghai came out two years later, thanks to extensive re-editing - and all because Colombian President Harry Cohn couldn’t understand the story.This is a dark “noir” to be sure - one of the darkest in reality.This is also an evil satire to life in the new atomic age. <br /> <br /> Nicholas Christopher: <br /> <br /> “Shanghai” puts forward an insistent implication of nuclear apocalypse and will get a categorical noir statement about the atomic bomb and the American city. The main victim of the murder in the film (there are many), a psychotic and two-faced lawyer, insanely anticipates Armageddon at every turn, claiming that he can “feel it.” He announces that he plans to escape to the remote island of the Pacific Ocean is a particularly joking joke from Wells, since it was the same year when the US began to test atomic bombs in such a place, the Bikini Atoll, resettling all the inhabitants and destroying the ecosystem. By the time of the bikini, the erotic identification of Hayworth with the bomb appeared to be institutionalized with the blessing of the military leadership; The first bomb fell on the Pacific test site called "Gilda", and on its body is depicted Hayworth in provocative clothing ... <br /> <br /> Ironically, a broad interpretation of Orson Wells Many believe that the Irishman is detrimental to the film, but Wells tells viewers that "Michael O'Hara" is just a storyteller, not part of the story, although it revolves around him. "O'Hara" contradicts the shark motive throughout the film. The sharks on the feeding madness won't stop until nothing remains. "Michael O'Hara" lives to tell a fairy tale. “Elsa Bannister” causes food insanity during the O'Hara process and its reticular introduction suggests that she is in a cage so as not to devour the audience in the Roman Coliseum. Spectators are on insane food, gossiping and continuing to talk about "Elsa" - a human aquarium associated with a sequence of maritime museums in San Francisco. This is a human condition ... except for "Michael O'Hara". And yet he will be wasting his life trying to forget his past (“Elsa”), or dying trying. "Elsa" is part of "Michael", and at the end of the tale eats his own tail, and the viewer should avoid trouble.
