"The Lady from Shanghai" is strange even by the standards of its outstanding director Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood film was for many moons. This is a kind of postmodern film noir, created at a time when more ordinary films of this type were quite popular, and this applies to a happy happy Irish sailor (played by Wells) who falls in love with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who was married to Wells time), and her mutilated, and probably impotent husband, played with the brainy, evil pleasure Everett Sloan. Then follows a long voyage with Wells in tow as a bodyguard, and the plot thickens when Sloan’s partner (Glenn Anders) appears and begins to create problems, making strange talk about suicide and other painful topics that suggest that the man is on the verge of mental disorder . The plot of the murder and all kinds of disasters follow Wells and his employers, and at this point the story, fuzzy and told at a leisurely pace so far, goes into a deep end, and the last part of the film consists of brilliant directorial sets that seem to have been added to give the film some traction and urgency, to which its plot itself does not have, and the result is a very watchable and often incomprehensible mess at all times. <br /> <br /> It’s hard to understand what Wells was trying to do with this film, not counting, perhaps, the revival of his career in Hollywood by making a car for his wife. But self-destruction interferes, as often happens with Wells, and Miss Hayworth never looked less attractive. The fact that she is also being filmed as a femme fatale seems strange, because besides her beauty her most attractive feature as a screen personality was the attractiveness that she does not possess in this picture. The director himself is strangely unattractive and rude at O'Hara, (apparently) of a calm sailor, since Wells, despite all his many gifts, was not known as an easy person to work with. This role, in which twenty or thirty years later, Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could breathe life. Wells not. The most interesting performance in the film is Glenn Anders as Grisbee, the abnormal, treacherous partner of Sloan. Anders works wonders with this piece, and he is photographed to look weird, while his scenes end in strange, sour notes, and they are often intermittently edited; but, in spite of all this, he manages to make Grisbee's sense of touch tangible and disturbing, and anticipates, in a more noble way, the more vibrant actors of the Fifties Method, such as Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There is a question that quips me about this film: what did Wells try to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man and had a tendency to make statements in his films, which, regardless of whether he agreed with his worldview or not, were brilliantly advanced. I think I have an answer, or a partial one: Wells summed up his career in film. He reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. The lady from Shanghai is not exactly what the studio time mogul says, but I suspect that in her portrait of immoral competing lawyers (read: producers) expressing Wells's opinion of Hollywood's influential brokers. The fact that he presented himself as a sailor without roots says. Wells himself was certainly an avid traveler, and he rarely lived in one place for long. He was hired by the studio to provide it with a large, prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which caused a storm of controversy from which he never fully recovered. This may be a problem that does not dare to give his name in this film, that is, Wells’s personal failure is that he did not overcome the shock of his novelty in the movie colony and his inability to deliver the goods, as promised. The fact that he was in Hollywood, as well as his presence in the film, could not prevent disasters beyond his control. The fact that he presented himself in the film as an amiable, naive stranger shows a lack of self-knowledge on the part of Wells. He was a much more internal player than he had anticipated, and I believe that he despised his knowledge of the worldly aspects of life and himself for knowing so much.
