When I watched one of Orson Welles' last contributions to Hollywood as a director, I knew that I was watching a great movie, although sometimes I didn’t know why. In the story “The Ladies from Shanghai” there are the main elements of the film “noir”: the role of the average Joe, the femme fatale, noticeable minor characters and the understandable, albeit somewhat complicated structure of the plot. This is a fascinating journey, and it is filled to the brim with Wells's unique gifts as a director, but there are scenes that, as a rule, simply do not work or do not feel finished in what was Wells’s full vision (the latter, unfortunately, is too believable this is the responsibility of executive producer Harry Cohn and the leaders of Colombia). <br /> <br /> Wells is filming with his then wife, the magnificent Rita Hayworth, as Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can and is really angry with the right people. Hayworth - Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloan, who played Mr. Bernstein in the film "Citizen Kane"), which is accompanied by a friend of Mr. Grisbee (Glenn Anders, who has great control in his eyes). They want to go sailing on their yacht and take O'Hara with them for the trip, and at first he does not want, but agrees, as he falls in love with a married Mrs. As their journey unfolds, O'Hara discovers that Bannister and Grisbee are not pleasant to be around, and even more so with Grisbee, who at first seems out of his pumpkin. However, when the plot unfolds, O'Hara is drawn into a fraud, which Grisbee plans to insure, with results that I dare not disclose (although they have been discussed again and again by others). <br /> <br /> Whatever liabilities appear here and there in the mysterious part of the story (and those few noticeable moments when shots were dictated by the studio), the performances and the appearance of the film are what remain astounding after more than fifty five years. Despite the fact that he does not have a terrific Greg Tolland (DP Kane) on his side, reliable Charles Lawton Jr. helps Wells in creating an elegant and harsh atmosphere, covered with shadows, deep focus, low angles, works. A concrete achievement is the mirrored scene with a fun house that simply stands out among the others. Wells himself is always reliable as an actor - even if his accent is not something special - and Hayworth herself makes the scene a little more lush, despite her path in history. <br /> <br /> A lady from Shanghai deserves attention, especially for fans of Wells, Hayworth, or a film noir lover (this can also be interesting for fans of the Coen brothers). Repeated viewing may take some time (as in the case of “Touch of Evil”) to hide the main plot motifs.
