After CIVIL KEYNE in 1941, Hollywood executives turned their backs on the great Orson Wells. With the exception of KANE, Wells lost all creative control over MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, JOURNEY INTO FEAR and many other upcoming films. Wells was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional director, when Hollywood needed a few more people. DAMA FROM SHANGHAI is another example of the misunderstood understanding of the Wells films of that time, a film that seems a bit choppy and not very fluent. He has the traditional premise of the 1940s, told in the most unconventional way, and I am sure that some of the scenes were on the floor of the cutting room. Now it has become a legend that the Colombian tycoon Harry Cohn got up during the initial show and asked what was going on. Looking back, many of the old grunts who ran the studios back then didn’t have a clue about cinematographic techniques and the master of storytelling by Orson Welles, and the “Lady from Shanghai” is just gorgeous because of their invasion. <br /> <br /> Aside from the fact that Wells was perhaps the greatest director of all time, he was also a very successful actor. At 25, we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane", perhaps the most famous character in film history. Here he lives in a rare character vague and not too clever, something unfamiliar to those who are familiar with Wells and other great works. Instead of a smooth, wise language, he speaks in a rude Irish tone. Rita Hayworth (his unhappy married wife at the time) plays the unhappy married wife of a lawyer who bewitches Wells and can get him to work, which will lead him to the limits of deception and frustration. He is a big wolf cub, who may have even killed a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with amazing blond hair) and the enthusiastic hubby Everett Sloan (Mr. Bernstein of CITIZEN KANE). Sloan's creepy partner, along with the sail, sets sail across the country to complete a series of unusual events in which Wells "Michael O'Hara" twists his head. Wells talks about the picture as O'Hara, but is still unclear about everything. See for yourself and understand that it takes at least 2 views to fully understand what happened. <br /> <br /> An unusually strange sequence of court sessions is centered around O'Hara, where Sloane protects him. This is a strange comedy scene with some fancy tricks in the courtroom, including Sloan, who interrogates himself. I really did not laugh here because the film stalled at this stage after the first part, which somehow never takes off. Up to this point, the cinema is great, some scenes are shot with skill and skill (aquarium love scene), but there is no clear line drawing the elements and us, the audience. The court scene was reportedly re-photographed at the request of Wells (10 Hayworth closeups were ordered) and an improvised song, sung with an asterisk, was added at the insistence of Kohn. The tasteless score infuriated Wells, who was again excluded from the editing process. Thanks to Wells himself for keeping the film completely with the end of the tour, which will always be appreciated. The so-called “Hall of Mirrors” scene again and again brings positive emotions, by right. <br /> <br /> One must believe that they believe in it, and it copes well with some erroneous ideas. The destruction of mirrors represents O'Hara's disappointment, and the "madhouse" itself is a masterpiece of art and scenery. It is more like a state of mind than a real place, and it is really “crazy”, distorted and upturned, like a Dali painting. This is the perfect ending to the mistaken picture, which, if left alone, could make TOP-100 AFI. On the other hand, 3 or 4 more from Orson Welles' films could have compiled all the collective “best” lists if he had been left alone. create your own magic. <br /> <br /> NOTE. Find the players of Mercury, which are so noticeable in the photos of Wells. They pop up everywhere. RATING: 8 out of 10
