These are excerpts from the nine-page “Notes to Mr. Kohn from Mr. Wells,” written after Orson saw the edited version of the picture of magnate Harry Harn (he took an hour): <br /> <br /> “... The preview music was first-class by composer George Antheil. Although this temporary title music was not written for our picture at all, it had an atmosphere of darkness and threat combined with something lush and romantic that made it acceptable. ... The only musical idea that seems to have occurred to the current composer (Heinz Remheld) is a rather tedious idea of ​​using the popular song - “theme” - in as many arrangements as possible. "Please do not kiss me" for almost every bridge, as well as for a large amount of reference material. The melody is pleasant, it can play very well on the Hit Parade, but the Lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy ... Mr. Remheld is a passionate supporter of the old-fashioned type of scoring that is now mentioned in our business. like "disney". In other words, if someone falls, he makes a "falling" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc., etc. ... If the laboratory scratched the initials and telephone numbers on all negative, I could not be upset because results ... Shortly before I went abroad, I asked Wee (Viola Lawrence, editor) to make a cut that would include an emergency taxi stop, as well as a bit of dialogue. I am convinced that this would be an excellent reduction ... preservation of much-needed material in a slow opening sequence (this was not done, given the main weaknesses of the film’s opening video) ... There is nothing in the fact that Rita dives to justify the big the orchestral crescendo ... What is important is the beauty of Rita ... the evil connotations suggested by the character Grigsby, and Michael's perplexity. Any or all of these elements could inspire music. Instead, immersion is considered as if it were the main climax or some antique moment in the “Stupid Symphony”: the failure of a Pluto-puppy or a wild leap into space by Donald Duck ... There is no healthy atmosphere on the boat. A little wind and water is not enough. It makes no sense to photograph the scene on a real boat, if you sound it as if it all happened in front of the process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... we used a very curious, sexy Latin American tension in the timeline ... This was replaced by a commonplace the "dramatic" sequel is bad material for a warehouse ... Such music destroys the quality of strangeness that is exactly what the lady from Shanghai could have saved from being just another nonsense ... After the string Grigsby there is a big musical th explosion: "I want you to kill him." This is absurd ... Hawaiian guitar music coming out of the radio ... should have been banal enough to express a certain satirical thought. It is currently at about the same level as the rest of the winnings. No one in the audience could suspect that we were joking ... The aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please don't kiss me" again! ... Bad dubbing and bad counting destroyed Michael’s escape from the pier. From the shot to the phone call, a neat picture of voices was lined up, spending a lot of time and effort. For some reason, it all benefited the troubled Hullabala. As a result, the whole sequence seems boring ... The audience must feel at this moment with Michael that they may be going crazy. The new work of duplication can only make them feel that maybe they are going to sleep ... The arms battle with the breaking mirrors should not be accompanied by music ... The final music again mentions "Please do not kiss me" ... This final is obvious for vulgarity and does incalculable damage to the final picture. ” <br /> <br /> All these Orson edits were ignored.
