The Ashura set in Japan is a story of demons who have seized the earth. The premise is much more complicated, but do not forget about the storyline. Japan in disarray, the demons occupy the human form, wandering through the lands. Generally speaking, demons look and behave like humans, but they are evil. The Japanese word they use is not just demons, but rather the classic form of “cannibal”, which is a mythological creature of some historical growth. We are talking about creatures that look more like gods than simple ugly monsters eating children. <br /> <br /> However, in human form, all that remains is green eyes and green teeth that appear when they are placed under any variety. stress. To save the world from the Demons, there are Demon Killers. Trained and experienced warriors who can detect and defeat almost all types of demons, and who guard the path between the realm of hell and the real world. This is the main premises. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a local city. Among these holidays, 3 people, dressed in all black, enter, apparently intending to cause harm. Villagers are fleeing, with the exception of those who are demonic in nature, who turn green and try to kill them. Demon Killers kill most demons. From here the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of this story begins when a fortune-teller appears in the gates of hell before 3 guards telling about the arrival of Ashura. With this comes the end of the reign of man and the reign of demons begins. Ashura, however, requires some form of the birth process, the first step of which occurred during the opening battle, but which will not be revealed to you until you see the film. The 3 demon killers are a wise old man, a powerful but unprincipled man, a skilled and compassionate warrior. Immediately you can see the gap between them: the old man who wants to stop the demons, the powerful, who wants to subordinate them to his growing egoistic desires of the ego, and the third who seeks to stop the second. On the way, he meets a woman, to whom he begins to become addicted, and believes that he has a special relationship. She, in turn, is a robber, good-natured, wanted by the authorities. When they finally meet face to face, he puts his hand on her shoulder, and suddenly she falls under the trail on her shoulder. Needless to say, a sign is not a good sign. This is followed by the battle for the land, the battle between good and evil, as it should be, and also between good and good. <br /> <br /> For me, this film has become something other than what I thought it would be. I came to the conclusion that this would be either a fast-paced action movie in the style of action movies with demons, or a horror film with creepy evil and disgusting creatures, the likes of which could be seen in The Ring and Ju-on. However, I was mistaken at its best. The story that seemed to me is an adaptation of a very old Japanese play, and she plays herself, combining adrenaline scenes in essence, driven by action, with a great concept, amazing narration and style that makes you think of just sitting around in blood . Many scenes are painted with a luxurious dialogue between two characters, the likes of which will never be seen in a Hollywood film. It becomes a practically theatrical experience that is breathtaking. <br /> <br /> The film uses impeccable scenery and camera work, comparable to many of the great samurai films of our day, but at the same time the classic plot is well thought out to it. With great acting, great music and absolutely amazing scenes, this is a must-see in my book. <br /> <br /> As they say, she needs a disclaimer that this is not for everyone. This is not a cheap horror thrill, it is not balls to the action of the wall. This is a horror style game that has been filmed. It says a lot and takes time to fly in the face of ordinary one-liners. As in Japanese plays, exchanges between characters can take many minutes before they come together for a quick but amazing battle scene. If you can enjoy such a thing, it is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is a slasher with a small plot and excessive nudity, then you can easily watch something else. <br /> <br /> Overall, this film for me is unique and amazing, which keeps you chained and surprised. He has a good composition, good acting and good leadership. Overall, this is a great movie.
