I have to admit that I am a little surprised and disappointed by some of the negative comments that this film seems to be provoking. I think this is a great horror / fantasy movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic space flight to Saturn. While in space, he became infected with some strange and unknown disease. He wakes up in a hospital bed, looks in the mirror and his face melts before his eyes! Avoiding hospital surveillance, he hides in some local forests surrounding a small town. Unfortunately, he begins to develop fast-growing hunger, which can only be satisfied by eating other people. He must eat human flesh and drink the blood of others in order to survive! In pursuit of human prey, he begins his rule of terror! It is up to his old friend, Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning), to find him and try to help him. He has to work alone, as his boss, General Perry (Miron Healey) wants everything to be quiet. Nelson can't even tell his wife Judy (Ann Twine). However, Sheriff Blake (Michael Aldredge) begins to suspect that General Perry appears just as some locals start to appear half eaten. I don’t really understand why this film gets such negative reviews, what do people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the film is undoubtedly the special make-up and bloody effects of Rick Bakers, which are for the most part excellent, and the fact that all their prostheses and the lack of a terrible trash CGI makes them even better. The writer and director William Sachs is also not afraid to use them, we get some good long shots from an incredible melting man, and they hold on very well even now. Photography, music and directing are a bit boring, but professional enough. The script manages to create some sympathy for the monster, shots from it longingly looking at Ted Nelson's house, or when he sees his reflection in the water and reacts violently. The end set in some big factory is pretty depressing, so don’t expect a happy ending. What surprised me. In addition, the script doesn’t actually do anything with the package, it just melts and kills when his friend tries to stop him, perhaps too easy. Personally, I think the worst part of the film is close to the beginning, when the nurse runs along the hospital corridor in slow motion, her screams are also portrayed in slow motion, it looks and sounds completely ridiculous! You have to see it to believe it! I really like this film, and I recommend it to fans of horror and fiction of the 70s and 80s. Few of my favorites.
