I have always liked this comedy as one of the few who have ever seriously tried to cope with the annual US government tax demand. Have you ever read the tax code?: It’s not easy to follow the numerous provisions that our congressmen and senators push through to help their financial sponsors and various interest groups. Despite claims that this is true, the tax code has always placed the lion’s share of the burden on the middle and working classes, and not on the rich and powerful. Most of the various special provisions are designed to be used — look at the average form of 1040 or 1040A and look at the various investment and business ventures, each of which has a different set of rules. Most people will never need them. <br /> <br /> The fact is that a wealthy landowner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to warn the IRS that its neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkl) have not paid taxes for 20 years. The IRS Baltimore office is managed by Fred Clark, and he draws the attention of Aubert to himself. He sends Tony Randall to check the situation. <br /> <br /> Randall thinks that Douglas, Merkle and their three girls and two boys are pretty decent people who rarely need money (they get along on their farm) to produce and exchange with neighbors). But Randall, trained in clear (before the IRS) lines of the tax code, is trying to connect the family with the basics. But gradually Douglas notes that Reynolds loves Randall, and he continues to distract Randall from his work, ultimately making him get drunk. He also prevents Randall from leaving, since his car was removed "for repair" by his two sons. <br /> <br /> The plot follows the growing attractiveness and friction between the urban, vaguely ambitious Randall countryside, the life of a loving Reynolds. They make a cute couple really. In the end, after Aubert complained, Randall was sent back in disgrace, and Clark (a tougher cookie) set to slow action. And offers a very large tax bill, which may destroy the Douglas family. <br /> <br /> The film does not end there - it ends safely, but it reminds us that the right to tax is the power to destroy, and that the government is too often engaged in destruction. The chance of a million conversion saves the family, but it is so rare that we know that this is just a dramatic trick. More realistic is how Clark's boss (Charles Lane) cuts down on the "help" of Aubert, suggesting that next year his taxes be considered more carefully. After that, Auber is pretty green.
