First, anyone who is looking for a meaningful “result-oriented” cinema, which contains some social message with meaningful ideas and a soul-searching dialogue, spoken by devoted, emotional, sincere fans, please leave now. You waste your time and life is short, watch Brangelina Jolie's new film, cry, go out and buy a hybrid car, or throw away your conflict diamonds, if that makes you feel better, and leave us alone. <br /> Do not let the door hit you and exit. INCREDIBLE PLATER is a class B minus regional horror film in deserted Oklahoma, filmed by a young TV viewer and film crew who is engaged in an astronaut who is subject to strange radiation effects, wakes up in a hospital and finds that his body is liquefied on it when he sits there, feeling like a chunk. The Melting Man is played by one Alex Rebar, who is recognizable during the first four minutes of the film. But as soon as he begins to trickle with Rick Baker's extraordinary special-effect makeup, he is more like what you can find in a spam bank before draining from all the liquid and viscous layer of fat. <br /> <br /> In the film there is no exposure to zero and no fuss with plot points: there are a couple of scenes in which scientists of the type who ride on an absurd industrial conveyor machine participate, which meekly utter a few obligatory lines about the effects of radiation, but the movie is don't care really. This is a strange and amazing show with a clearly sick sense of humor for those who can survive it. One loud laughter comes when a melting man bumps into a young girl in the forest, and he lacks so much that to do it with one of his eyes jumps out. Happy. <br /> <br /> Barr DeBenning is the “hero” of the film, a charming character from the golden scene of the 1970s and 80s, who was a kind of early model for the prototype Kevin Spacey; slightly crooked, neurotic, and a step ahead of most in the room, even if he looks confused. He appeared immediately after this film was filmed in a bizarre anthology horror film called “THE HOUSE OF THE DEAD” (or ZONES OF ELDERS), which is considered one of the best films ever made in Oklahoma, and I suspect that this film was done the same. The arid, cold-looking rural landscapes of the Midwest are certainly the same, and the creek that one unfortunate flying angler selects for his sports day seems to be the same as Cameron Mitchell fought with flying alien pancakes in WITHOUT WARNING, which also had a sick sense of humor, a television-friendly cast and some rather outrageous blood. I definitely feel at least an aesthetic connection between these three films, as well as “The Silence of the Lambs”, which is not surprising, given that director Jonathan Demme is part of the cast of MELTING MAN. <br /> <br /> In fact, as others have noted, this is the plot of the 1950s B film, updated for the special effects of the 1970s era and the inevitable tits. The film, in which he probably borrowed most of his ideas, is "Ghost from Space" with Peter Graves in the role of an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to radical radiation effects that confuse him. One of the things that I really admire in the film is that the motives of human melting are absolutely not taken into account: he simply becomes enraged, and the drama of the film arises from the fact that he is going to fall apart before certain characters will fall victim to his madness. The budget for the film is also delightfully low, and every cent spent on it stands there on the screen, the disgusting effects of Rick Baker get the lion's share of what was spent on it. <br /> <br /> The best disgusting, disgusting fun was enjoyed with a crowd of friends and lots of beer. Why can't people make more of these films? <br /> <br /> 8/10
