Until the 1990s, there was never a film based on Emma by Jane Austen. Then in the same 1996, two people appeared. Or, if you count 1995 as “Clueless,” which updates Austin’s story for contemporary American high school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young girl from a well-to-do family in Regency England. She is financially better than most Austin heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and she doesn’t need to look for a rich husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She convinces her friend Harriet to reject the marriage proposal from the young farmer Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should look at the ambitious cleric Mr. Elton. However, this scheme is catastrophically erroneous, since Elton is not interested in Harriet, but fell in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes one wonder why she was so eager to match her friend with a man whom she considers (for a good reason) to be an inappropriate marriage partner for herself. This is the conspiracy of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be less loyal to the maiden than it seems, and she also falls in love, which leads to further complications. <br /> <br /> Today in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, despite the fact that she was only a year younger, was not as well known throughout the world as Gwyneth Paltrow. She, however, is as convincing as Austin's good intentions, but often with a bad heroine. It seems that Beckinsale has a gift for classic roles - she made a delightful hero in Kenneth Branh's version of “Much Ado About Nothing,” and I sometimes want Hollywood to find more suitable roles for her than to spend it on turkeys, such as Pearl Harbor or Underworld. <br /> <br /> I preferred Jeremy North to Mark Strong because Emma's love interest, Mr. Knightley, was largely because he approached my own concept of a character as a gentleman, knightly older man, in some sense more like a father. Emma than lover. (His surname is probably intended to indicate his gentlemanly nature — gentlemen of the 19th century loved to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their carefully designed knightly codes). Strong is inclined to downplay the question of age difference (he is 37 years old, she is 21 years old) and makes Knightley a more passionate lover and less wise mentor than Northas. Samantha Morton (another actress who will do more significant things) is perhaps closer to Harriet the novel than Tony Collett. <br /> <br /> It was the smaller of the two versions, created for television, not cinema, and the scenery and costumes seem less generous, and among the actors there are fewer names. However, the costume drama is usually well suited to British television, and this version can certainly be compared with the cinematic version; both are interesting and well-made versions of the Austin novel. 7/10
