Many critics were offended by the fact that R.W. Fassbinder portrayed in this film both the main character Wilkie and the Nazis in a human manner. Connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films, however, will realize that “Lili Marleen” (1981) belongs to the “female films” of Fassbinder, such as “The Marriage of Mary Brown” (1979) and “Lola” (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better with women than with men," because, according to Fassbinder, although men usually perform their specific roles in society, "women are able to think dialectically." Dialectics, however, means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis, as is usual in our black-and-white world, but also a synthesis where the opposites coincide. Moreover, dialectics means that, due to the third case of synthesis, the absolute opposition of the distinction between the thesis and the antithesis has been eliminated. Specifically, starting from a dialectal point of view and portraying a fascist state, underground fighters must use fixed assets, as rulers do, and between criminals and victims, therefore, there is a chiasmatic connection, so every criminal is also a victim and every victim criminal. Fassbinder illustrated this abstract scheme that goes beyond classical logic in his play The City, Trash and Death (1975), which was filmed by Daniel Schmid under the title The Shadow of the Angels (1976). <br /> <br /> Thus, approaching an a priori controversial topic, like Nazi Germany, in a dialectical manner, the depiction of this time in the form of a film becomes even more controversial, especially for people who cannot or do not want to see our The recognition of the world is far from being exhausted by the primitive scheme of switching of light, but it needs the third case of synthesis as the governing specimen of its opposite members, thesis and antithesis. It is necessary to carefully study the relationship between offenders and victims, because it is simply not true that the offenders are bad and the victims are good. From a synthetic point of view, the bad are involved in goodness, and the good are involved in badness. They are interconnected. In a worldview based on classical logic, the link between good and evil cannot even be established, and in ethics based on this insufficient system of logic, the bad conscience of survivors of Nazi Germany feeling (rather illogically) responsible for the actions of their ancestors precludes the possibility the relationship between the two extremes and, thus, synthesize in the form of a new assessment, based also on these relationships. From the dialectical point of view of Fassbinder, it follows that neither Lily Marlin, nor Lola, nor Maria Brown can be convicted of “improper use” of the ruling system for their own purposes, because they do not abuse them, they simply use them. On the contrary, since victims must repeat the actions of offenders, because offenders must repeat the actions of victims, because “good” and “bad” are no longer mere mirror images of each other, as in two-digit logic, their strategies are legitimized by the chiastic structure of logic that describes our a world that is not black and white at all, but much better than black and white logic.
