Tintin and I recently went on the air as an episode of PBS P.O.V. series. It is based on a taped interview with Georges Remy AKA Gerge, creator of Tintin, since 1971, in which he talks about his experience of publishing his popular character, first in a Catholic newspaper and then in his own comic series. Stunning stunning views of various comic pages and surreal images of Gerg’s dreams. I first met Tintin on the pages of the Children's Digest in my local primary school library, reading The Secrets of a Unicorn. Later, my mom got a subscription to a CD, and I read the entire Red Rackham Treasure every month in 1978. I remember seeing some Tintin comics at a local bookstore after that, but for some reason I didn't get them, probably because I was 12 years old. and I thought I was overgrowing them. I have a book, Breaking Free, written and written by J. Daniels, published in 1989, six years after the death of Hurg. Have not read. This film also tells about the artist’s personal life when he left his first wife after his affair with a colorist (whom he later married). Her name is Fanny, and she gives an interview here. If you love Tintin and his creator, this movie is definitely worth seeing. Update: 9/4/07 - I'm reading Breaking Free now. Tintin and the Captain are the only ordinary characters who appear here, and they are adapted to the anti-capitalist views of Mr. Daniels when Tintin is portrayed as a rabble, with a chip on his shoulder, which nevertheless takes care of the Captain with whom he stopped. The captain here is simply trying to make ends meet with his wife and daughter, whom he loves very much. They and other builders promise to strike after an employee dies as a result of an accident with faulty equipment. All this is happening in England with intact accents of the working class cockney. Not that Gerge would approve, but nonetheless an interesting reading. Oh, yes, Snowy's dog appears only in the upper left corner of the cover (on which Tintin works on the police!) And on the dedication page.
