After Garbo’s introduction to the sound of Clarence Brown’s “Anna Christie” film, Jacques Fader made the German version of the film, in which all the actors, except Garbo, were different. While the American version is still more accessible in the United States, and most American viewers have seen it in the first place, the German “Anna Christie” is more likely to be seen in Europe. Since I have seen both films, I feel that I have the right to compare two closely related productions. Is Jacques Fader's film different? Is that better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what is common to both films. They have identical sets, very similar scenarios and the same chronologically presented scenes. Here you will also find the story of a young woman who returns to her father after many years of absence and is trying to start a new life. Here you also have a humorous, albeit somewhat shorter sequence in the amusement park. However, emphasizing Garbo herself, I draw attention to the first difference. It seems that she does not cause such curiosity during a conversation. The viewer focuses more on her actions than on how she says what happened, most likely, with the audience in 1931. Garbo was very good at American cinema, and she is also very good here. However, for me it seems even more sincere in the German version. It is noteworthy that Garbo does not focus on how she utters these words (an effort that was artificially created by the sensation: GARBO SPEAKS!). Her German is not very well defined; while nobody cares: everyone understood perfectly. Therefore, I can easily say the same thing as in my American version of the commentary: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film has one very important issue: the rest of the cast. The question arises: which image seems more fun, and which one is better? Differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's longtime friend, does not perform as great a work as Marie Dressler plays Marty Owens. She is not bad, she is different, sometimes she overplays (from today's point of view), but not so sincere in the role of Marie Dressler, who still entertains us and whose moments absolutely stood the test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film, and this opinion, although it seems dubious, of course, carries some truth in it. Theo Shull is more like Matt than Charles Bickford, but in relation to him it’s not so much a question of productivity as a matter of appearance. <br /> <br /> Who shines in German “Anna Christie”, who deserves the most attention Hans Yunkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna’s father. George F. Marion vs. Hans Yunkerman is like the difference between day and night. Yunkermann portrays a real drug addict, a man with hopes, with fears, who worries about his daughter. The scene of Anna's first meeting with her father is truly magnificent, the moment of the opening of Chris's conversation with Marty is remembered, especially thanks to his expression and impeccable performance. Yunkermann is Chris, whom you love, whom you sometimes laugh at, whom you sympathize with, who leaves in his head the image of a calm alcoholic sailor. Big! <br /> <br /> If you saw the American “Anna Christie” and you have a chance to get the German version, I highly recommend this film to you, because this is a slightly different view of the plot, beautiful and accurate For comparison: the excellent enrichment of the film Clarence Brown and, above all, a wonderful chance to discover the miracle of the play: the film by Hans Yunckerman. Skaal or Prost, Hans Yunkermann!
