Filmed by MGM on the same film set as the English version, but in German, Garbo’s second “Anna Christie” image benefited from the practice and its apparent ease in the German dialogue. Garbo looks more relaxed and natural under the direction of Jacques Fader than under the guidance of Clarence Brown, and her manners of silent cinema almost disappeared, which made her transition to sound complete. The power that she brought to the character remains here, although she was softened, and Garbo reveals Anna's greater vulnerability. The entire cast, with the exception of Garbo, is different from the previous version of the film, and Garbo benefits from the fact that he does not have to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole all the scenes in which she was during the English version. In the Fader film, Garbo holds the spotlight everywhere, although the three supporting players, especially the father, showed excellent results. <br /> <br /> The Fader direction was more confident than that of Clarence Brown, and his use of the camera and editing technique did not look so limited due to the new sound process, like Brown. The film moves with greater smoothness than adaptation to the English language, and the static character of the first film was replaced by a stream that supports the interest of the viewer. Even the cinematography of William Daniel seems to have improved compared to his filming of the brown version. He captured the glow of Garbo and the unique atmosphere at the docks. In addition, the adaptation of the script for the European audience from the very beginning clarified Anna's profession, and clarity clarifies for viewers unfamiliar with the play, what was meant only in the shooting of Brown. However, the film was shot before the “Production Code” was introduced, which confused censorship. <br /> <br /> Garbo’s nomination for Anna Christie at the Oscars was always somewhat mysterious, and I suspected that this nod was given more in recognition of her relatively smooth transition to sound films than for her performance. However, some Academy voters may have seen the German-language version of the film, and they understood, like modern viewers, that her “Anna Christie” under Fader was definitely Oscar-worthy.
