Fragile Karn, shortly before his great period. Despite the fact that sometimes he is hesitantly directed and overshadowed by long-time musicians, the hotel DU NORD is full of faded charm and beauty typical of French films of the late 1930s, as well as the relative lightness of touch, unusual for this director. All its great virtues are here: cramped interiors, broken by gliding, complex, delightful camera movements; melancholic deployment of light and shadow; Alexander Trauner's wonderful, thoughtful scenery, which is so remembered that, as the name implies, they acquire their own individuality; quietly mournful music by Maurice Zhobert; a seemingly random plot about romance, tragedy and fatalism that casts a noose on its characters; extraordinary performances by some of the greatest players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletti. <br /> <br /> In fact, the biggest failure of the film, and I find myself surprised (as a person who, as a rule, didactically minimizes its importance), to recognize this, this is his script. It has a lot of wit and wit, but without poetry and irony, regular employee Karn Jacques Prevert led to their best films, it cannot avoid cliché slipping (even if it is only an afterthought). <br /> <br /> Allegedly shot in a boarding house, the film puts forward its original community idea with two interconnected stories about doomed love and emotional, metaphysical and real isolation. The doomed love scenario works least well. Annabella is very beautiful, but not very good at committing tragic acts, while the lightness of Omont, although brilliantly relevant, may be inherently interfering with any real, sensual romance. Maybe it's just me, but I find it difficult to sympathize with a couple so young, so attractive, which, after only a few months, is so overwhelmed with despair that they have to shoot at each other. Their lofty lines are also quite embarrassing. Of course, this case should not be plausible - they symbolize youth, hope and the opportunity to lament in France or, perhaps, in France itself, desperate, resigned in anticipation of death. For characters to be truly powerful, they must convince at the narrative level that, I feel, they are not quite here. <br /> <br /> What saves this plot is its connection to the story of M. Edmond, a character associated with the great tradition of the French gangsters. Although we only know about it gradually, he is a murderer, hiding, living from a prostitute, played by Arletti, disguised in his accomplices. In his previous "role" - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he had one trait of character; in concealment he accepted their complete opposite. Living a rather purposeless life, he is deeply shocked by the pact of lovers and becomes fatalistic, realizing the stupidity of trying to deceive death. <br /> <br /> Thus - the recognition that a person is less a person than a collection of signs, and that death is an inevitable reality that the most powerful masculinity should succumb to - Edmond is like the romantic prototype of the clinical killers of Melville. With one exception - he briefly gives hope, delusion, which only strengthens - if it is not too much unbearable irony - his fatal determination. <br /> <br /> All of this could have been trivial, if there had been no truly amazing performance by Louis Jouvet. I studied his theatrical work in college, but this was my first taste of his screen talents, and he found himself worthy of being great - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving the role of quiet nobility is more of a concept (he , also allegorical) than a real person. Edmond begins the film as a secondary character, but becomes a tragic hero of some kind of power. Like all these main actors, the brilliance of Juve is that he hides. <br /> <br /> At the formal level, it is striking how Karn, ten years before his heyday, masters the technique of the great Hollywood melodramas of Cirque, Ofuls, Ray, and Minnelli. Although his theatricality lacks the smoothness and clear eyes of modern German melodies of Zirka (see the masterpieces of ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne’s style really matches his theme - temptation, paralysis, resignation. <br /> <br /> The main motive of the film is water - credits float and dissolve, the hotel stands by the waterway - but instead of the open Renoir river we have a channel, stagnant and artificial, going nowhere. The film begins as soon as it ends, and the settings never change, except for one short break from which both runaways are doomed to return. Characters can escape only through death — their trap is emphasized by the narrow rooms that they occupy, walls and frames that hold them in captivity, windows facing the exit, which they can never reach. Therefore, any hope at the end is deeply, if not romantically, compromised.
