Perhaps the most popular achievement of the main director Ching Siu Tung is the series “The History of the Chinese Ghost 1-3”. In the Chinese “Ghostly Plot”, Leslie Cheng is filmed in China in the distant past as a tax collector who is forced to spend the night during his “trip to collect” to a mysterious castle in which strange old warriors fight and meet. The wonderful actress Joey Wang / Wong is a ghost who lives in this castle and is ruled by one powerful demon, a wooden devil who collects human souls for himself with the help of his beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although ghosts are not allowed to live with people, they decide to break this rule and live happily together until the end of their days. This is not what the devil thinks, and our main characters must fight for their lives and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This film is no less full of magic than other films of Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces include "The Duel of Death" (1983) and the series "Swordsman", which have incredible visual and kinetic power in their battle scenes. The ghost story is full of bright lightning and a dark atmosphere, which is illuminated by the strong presence of a beautiful and kindly voluntary ghost. The effects are breathtaking and work at full power on the big screen. The camera is constantly moving and spinning, which adds to the fabulous atmosphere of this film. There are also a lot of tricks with wires, and although some people think that they look useless or stupid when used in films, I can’t agree and think that they give movies magic, freedom and creativity that no other tool could give. When people fly in these films, it means that films are not only about our world, and they usually depict things more than life, with the power of this bigger than life form of art. <br /> <br /> The story of the power of love is quite touching and warm, but the problem (again) is that the characters are too small and sometimes act inexplicably. Leslie and Joey had to be written with more caution, and their characters should be even warmer, deeper and more sincere in order to give the story more power and thus make the film an even more visible and important achievement. In addition, the message of love and the power of this is emphasized too much in one place, and it should be left to the discretion of the viewer so that it can be interpreted and found. Another negative point in the dialogue is too much, and people talk in this film for no reason. This is very annoying and sadly shows the flaws that many writers tend to do when they write their films. People just talk and talk, and all this is done to make everything as simple as possible to understand, so the film is not too complicated and believable, because it has this element. Just think about the films of the Japanese director Takeshi Kitano; there is very little dialogue in his films, and all that is is all that is necessary because he tells his things with the help of other movie tools and never speaks or makes other characters talk too much in his films. This is exactly the talent that screenwriters must have to write great scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, “The Chinese Ghost Story” is very beautiful and visually captures the spirit of oriental cinema, as well as the song that is played. The film is very beautiful and, I hope, won the award in Hong Kong. I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10, and without the flaws mentioned above, this would no doubt be an almost perfect fantasy masterpiece.
