Joan Fontaine is absolutely convincing here as an immoral beauty who is completely unable to feel love for anyone but herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) lost all his money due to the combination of his recklessness and her wastefulness, and they are forced to live in a tiny room, with almost no chance. They continue to dress in the most amazing clothes, go out and talk, as if everything is in order. He is a charming, helpless, but friendly guy. However, Fontein decides that he must go, since he has outlived his usefulness. Therefore, she decides to poison him when she realizes that he does not want to divorce her so that she can move on. Meanwhile, she had a lover (Patrick Knowles), whom she decides to quit, because he is also not rich. She meets the aging Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all the trimmings and more money than even Fontaine could figure out how to spend. She sets her sights on him and decides that he will do well. He too wants to be eaten by a young beauty. He, of course, is not very exciting and has about the same sexual attractiveness as yesterday's omelette. But Fontaine is one of those girls who have eyes only for money, and a man standing between her and transparent, so that she doesn’t even notice or care about how he looks, she looks through him and sees what she really wants and goes for it. She continues to poison her husband and sends him very carefully and satisfactorily, so that everything goes well. But, as always happens in films, and sometimes in life, some unexpected things start to go wrong, and the tension increases markedly, so Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontaine is especially good at looking angry and frightened, and when the net starts to approach her, her growing sense of despair is palpable and makes us sit on the edges of our seats. Tantrum and fear prevail over cool calculation and cunning. But she finds a kid for her crime in the person of her estranged lover, who is the innocent victim of her scheme to substitute him. He was sentenced to death for murder, because the death of her husband from the poison suddenly showed up. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, who plays the darkly-minded inspector of the courtyard of Scotland, thinks that something might be wrong, and begins to doubt the story and is suspected by Fontaine. He approaches her, and some scenes, when this happens, are inspired by the image of the most wild panic. But will the life of an innocent person be saved before his execution? Will Fontaine get out of this? Will Herbert Marshall protect her to protect his hobby? This film is skillfully made by Sam Wood, and this film is truly an excellent thriller, which, I believe, is well suited to describe the excellent film Noir.
