I just watched this wonderful parody of the Night of the Living Dead, and I must say that it was so terrible and so banal that it was excellent. This film included all the antics and scenery that the original had, including the cemetery, the alleged abandoned house, the basement and the lawn. What I particularly like about this film is the ridiculous use of bread, and all the usual domestic enemies against this bread. C'mon, we know that toasters, toasters, and zipper locks made bread dozens of times, and now we have to call their help to defeat reanimated bread. In addition to cheap acting and sounding, this short horror film is my personal favorite parody of The Night of the Living Dead, even better than The Night of the Living Dead, 1990. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this film worth seeing is how the writers and directors used the entire dialogue from the original film and rotated it around bread, including how bread became reanimated and to avoid residues because they are especially dangerous. Another good reason why I love this film is that there is no exception in that bread is evil, bagels are evil, and even the sacrament is evil, which is shown by a funny scene with the participation of the announcer and pretty monotonous priest. I think the actors are especially joking, performing the spectacular attack of pieces of bread (that is, the car scene). I think the end is very important. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that it is short and this "The Night of Dawn, Son of the Bride, Return, Revenge of Terror, Evil Attack, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead, Part 2: in Shocking 2- D ”is a controversial yet another big parody, she still recommends how a big parody of horror made by what the filmmakers of college seem to be, I highly recommend this film to anyone who can make fun of the Night of the Living Dead and respect the filmmakers. I also wanted would recommend this movie to anyone who loves D-movies and horror movies, it’s just An amazing little horror movie, which is interesting to watch and learn.
