The sea is watching - it was an interesting movie. First of all, the general feeling was intense, internalized, claustrophobic and small. Each frame seemed like a photo of something inside, something very focused and not part of a larger picture. It was obvious that we had to look at each frame. The physicality of the kit itself contributed to this feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights along the middle of the road cut the road in half, and a tiny gateway to a tiny settlement followed by tiny and several holes that served as institutions that seemed to constitute the whole city. Even the ocean view was framed by a tiny landing where you can count the number of longer grasses swaying in the wind. No panoramic views. In fact, it reminded me of Montmart's Moulin Rouge sequence, where the camera quickly focuses on the windmill, again creating a sense of a small area where everything happens. <br /> <br /> Although the game was bearable, given that I actually could not understand how these lines were really delivered, I felt that the actions were excessively melodramatic and meaningless. Why would Kikuno continue in the same vein when Fusanosuke announced that his upcoming marriage really did not look true? the people did not change much, and the character of Kikuno was so strong and resilient that, even if they were engaged in taking up the O-Xin case, the reaction seemed unusual, unnecessary and distracting. Another example of a strange game was that Kikuno’s drunk guy appeared, and Ryosuke decided to intervene, and was pushed down the stairs, the way he stood and menacingly climbed the stairs, and the subsequent street fight among the reeds was simply unsatisfactory. Not that I liked the battle scenes? as opposed to ?? but he seemed a little unnatural and again overly dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, although the film was not beautiful to watch, he gave an interesting look at the dark side of prostitution (unlike a geisha). Unfortunately, this may have justified our expectations of meaningless women (the comments “dear, I will give you a deal”, supported by overly extended actions) and seriously made me doubt whether 19th century prostitutes really acted in this way, But once inside the house, the inner work became the most interesting, vivid and real, and a script appeared in it, which I never expected and did not present in my romantic look at Japan in the 19th century.
