“Umi wa miteita” (“The Sea Looks”) was Akira Kurasava's swan song for the film: his adaptation of the story of his beloved novelist Shugoro Yamamoto to the script he intended to film was his last estimate, which he left in a brilliant career. Director Kay Kumai pays tribute to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto, presenting this visually stunning transformation of the word into an image. <br /> <br /> This story, which takes place in Japan in the 19th century, tells about the life of women from a geisha house, whose sole purpose in life is to make money by giving pleasure to men. The house is run by an elderly couple, and geishas are a charming group of women who know their profession and are proud of their careers. Everyone has a reason to turn to the life of a geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports his family, who lives in a nearby village. Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has clients, both good and evil, whom she manages to support with her stories about her highest caste. Oshin made friends with the endangered samurai, fell in love with a tender guy, but found that he should not marry his caste, and leaves his pleasures with Oshin to marry his promised betrothed bride. Osina's heart is easily hurt, but always supported emotionally and physically / financially by Kikuno and other geishas. <br /> <br /> A beautiful samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin’s life and develops his first trusting and committed relationship with her. Kikuno is surrounded by problems that decide whether to accept the modest love of an old man who wants to marry her and cope with a rich but insulting client. While the sea is watching, and the typhoon destroys the house and the street of a geisha, Oshin and Kikuno are sitting on the roof, waiting for the promised salvation from Ryosuke. The way the story ends is sacrifice, love and devotion. The sea is watching and will find protection for true love. <br /> <br /> Photography by Kazuo Okuhara is stunningly beautiful: night scenes with glowing lanterns and colorful interiors are geisha combined with recurring glimpses of the sea, calm and turbulent. The only distraction that is definitely NOT what Kurosawa would indulge in is sticky western music that sounds like a cheap filler of soap opera, except for certain moments when real Japanese music on authentic instruments adorns the track. But, in the end, Kurosawa’s influence is enough to fill this film with his trademark of a fairy-tale miracle that will always maintain its significance for world cinema. Grady harp
