Oh yes, the star blockbuster. Take a simple concept, write it into a script and load it with every single bloody special effect that Hollywoodair Wizards can conjure up, and then round up the usual suspects: hot aliens, former ex, Want to be and never think, and put them all in the role different sizes in front of the camera's unforgiving eye. And we hope to note that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Grant this opportunity to the box office's bishops to finally apply this concept to horror films, as was the post-exorcist Sentinel thriller. Writer Jeffrey Konvits decided to try one scenario of Ira Levin’s creepy (and ultimately satanic) neighbors “ROSEMARY'S BABY” in the New York brown stone. / star-laden car written by director and director Michael Winner from DEATH WISH, but for many disappointing reasons. <Br /> <br /> Christina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays the successful model Alison Parker, which is largely overloaded and overworked (I will not add an “overpayment.” I mean that she is a model, so it will be redundant ), not only in her 24/7 schedule, but also in her insistent boyfriend “I want to marry-right now” Michael (Chris Sarandon from DOG DAY AFTERNOON and the classic film SOB.IG LIPSTICK). One of the ways she decides to try to get away from it all is to move to her place; a big, beautiful brown stone in Manhattan, which she can get for next to nothing (it should have been a BIG red flag - cheap property in New York!), from the mysteriously kind broker Miss Logan (Golden Age vet Ava Gardner) Fresh from the storm in EARTHQUAKES.) At first, everything looks good, but oh, yes ... then there comes a noise and a loud knock from the apartment at night upstairs. What about REALLY weird neighbors, such as Gerd (Silvia Miles) and Sandra (VERY early Beverly D'Angelo), cute “lonely friends” (read: lesbians) living together, and good old Mr. Charles Chazin (very creepy Burgess Meredith) Who might be too concerned about Alison's well-being? And this is not to mention the other diverse partner squirrels (you will never hear the phrase “Black and white cat, black and white cake”, not wanting to laugh at the nose and, possibly, to tear at the same time). Especially the old blind priest living in the penthouse ... <br /> <br /> The situation really begins to deteriorate when the ghost-laden nightmare of Alison turns into a horrible murder (in one of the most intimidating film of intimidation), and Alison and Michael, with some help from Alison's best friend, Jennifer (Deborah Ruffin), begins to put together a puzzle that uncovers the dark origin of the brown stone, as well as the murderous agenda of its otherworldly inhabitants, not to mention Alison’s relationship with them, which as it turned out, this is not an accident. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing controversial about the cast, it seems that every actor of different genres is looking for a job at the time (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin Balm, Eli Wallach, John Carradine, and even Christopher Walken’s early performances , Jeff Goldblum and Nana the Visitor!) The winner and the company returned to the pompous basics and pulled out "Toda Browning" ... by attracting real actors with disabilities to appear in the SENTINEL climate sequence "everything and everything goes to hell", that, I think anybody will do th rough the director, was not able to gain access to Linda Blair and soup package of green peas. This definitely leaves you with arctic fingers playing your spinal cord like zither, knowing this juicy little piece of information when you look. And there is a technique in it that the directors just started to return to recently: live decoration on the set and special effects that do not affect CGI (which at that time almost did not exist). <br /> <br /> SENTINEL has this kitsch cheese factor of the late seventies, but he manages to occasionally differ from some choking moments like the ones mentioned above, not to mention the sickening sense of fear that horror authors write, easy to play on isolation and things that come across at night. After all, what kind of person living in a big city did not lie in bed in the dark and listened attentively to the sounds of HOPE that this is “building subsidence”? <br /> <br /> Konvitz followed SENTINEL with an inevitable sequel, GUARDIAN (not to be confused with William Friedkin's supernatural thriller), which was never adapted to the screen. = sigh of relief =
