The feature of director / screenwriter Michael Winner is an unusual supernatural horror film better than expected (although it still effectively serves Schlok), which really goes unnoticed. Of course, he can borrow ideas from other similar thematic horror films of this period, but he still manages to add his psychological imprint to the smoke screen material (good and evil) and unique vision, which has a significant proportion of impressively extensive, albeit somewhat operational decorations. In general, it is fragmentary, but remains intriguing, inspiring a sinister charge, not arranging gangsters with frightening. In fact, there is always something that happens in his lively frame, but it is rather understated when his blows lead to soap samples and atmospheric tailoring, up to his brightly repulsive and terrible climax with depressing revelation. Winner's clothed workmanship may seem like a pedestrian, but is it really a cast of cast? how are you trying to identify faces. There are many there too. Some have more in common with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each of them is committed, despite the ridiculously rude nature of all this. It is interesting to see names such as Sylvia Miles (which is very creepy!), Beverly D'Angelo (also), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (elegant cameo), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenguer parts. Then you got soft Chris Sarandon and touchingly gorgeous Christina Raines in the front rows. Offering capable support from José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script includes many characters, as well as concepts, but goes into confusion, trying to squeeze it all inside. However, its disorienting atmosphere helps to establish suspicion and deception of what is actually happening here. Is there a reason for all this, and why does it surround the character of Raines? The emphasis is mainly on this gloomy corner, as it slowly begins to shed light on her inner life and on the strange / disturbing experiences she encounters when she moves into her new apartment. It is here that Winner is trying to draw out terrible shades that project icy moments. Gil Mell was the man responsible for the grandiose, overwhelming orchestral score that never misses cues, and Richard C. Kratina gives the tools for a broad, voluminous photograph.
