I'm not sure why this little film was driven into the dark, despite some rather silly events; Sentinel is an intelligent and inventive horror film, in which the most highly regarded ghost stories are more than just a race for their money. Michael Winner has admitted many times that he is not the best director of all time, and this shines through more than once in this film; but I must say that the film works, despite its boring focus, and the fact that Winner somehow managed to put together just an amazing cast that more than made up for it. The plot is rich in mystery, and begins with focusing on Alison Parker and her hunt for an apartment. She believes that she cannot afford most of the properties that she looks at, but thinks that her luck has changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. Her problems begin shortly after the move, as she doesn’t like her neighbors very much ... and this problem is exacerbated when a realtor tells her that she has only one neighbor; the elderly blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The cast is really great, and the relatively unknown Christina Raines leads a great support group. Chris Sarandon is a bit wooden in his role against Raines, but small roles for such as John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, to name just a few, more than fill the lifeless image of Sarandon. Michael Winner copes well with its central location, as the apartment building provides an eerie and eerie setting for the story. The film starts a little slow, but it is never boring; and Michael Winner's script gives a surprise, which is almost impossible to guess by bias, which certainly deserves some praise. Like many similar slowly burning horrors, this one does not go to the money taken early - but unlike many, the ending is a definite climax, as the Winner is shocking to the viewer with all his might, and if the rumor that he used a real man of strangeness is true; I have to say that he does a very good job at this! In general, while this film can be clean, no matter how you look at it; Sentinel is one of the best films of its kind, and it is definitely a major event for its director.
