This is one of my favorite horror movies. This is a rich, classy production, which boasts an excellent composition of the actors of the ensemble, excellent cinematography on the spot, breathtaking music, intelligent and new storyline, as well as an atmosphere of fear and threat. This is reminiscent of such classic films as “ROSEMARY'S BABY” and “THE SHINING”, where young vulnerable women are victims of supernatural forces in old, creepy buildings with a dark past. Here CRISTINA RAINES plays a top model from New York called Alison Parker. Her happy, sociable appearance hides a deeply conflicting and restless soul. This is evidenced by the revelation that in the past she tried to commit suicide twice - once when a teenage girl, after going to her degenerate father, jumping in bed with two women and forcing him to tear a silver crucifix from her neck and throw it on sex and the second time, after the wife of her lawyer-boy allegedly committed suicide after learning about this case. After telling her cavalier (who is sufficiently slimy Chris Sarandon), she needs to live a year or so, she answers for phenomenon in the newspaper about a fully furnished, spacious one-bedroom apartment in the old Brooklyn hill. This building really exists and is located on 10 Montague Terrace, right on the Brooklyn Heights Embankment on Remssen Street. Manufacturers actually rented inside the building and its apartments, of course, paying residents for their inconvenience. Real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems to be very interested in Alison taking the apartment - an interest that cannot be explained only by 6% of the commission that she earns. Especially when it quickly reduces the rental price from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees and, leaving the building with Miss Logan, notices an elderly man sitting and clearly staring at her from a window in the upper floor. Miss Logan identifies the man as Halliran's father and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's answer is very logical: “Blind? Then what is he looking at? ”After entering, Alison meets some other residents of the building, including a lesbian couple, played by Silvia Miles and Beverly D'Angelo, who provide Alison with an uncomfortable reception in the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon begin to deteriorate, and headaches and fainting torment her. When she conveys her concerns to Miss Logan that her sleep at night is disturbed by the clank of metal and the loud steps coming out of the apartment directly above her, she is stunned to learn that, apart from the blind priest and now herself, no one lived in this building for the past three years. Calling on courage one night to confront the night tormentor, she arms herself with a butcher’s knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment above. She encounters the ghost of her dead father, riddled with cancer, and uses a knife to defend herself when he goes after her. The police are investigating and find no signs of violence in this apartment - neither a corpse, nor blood, nothing. Yet Alison ran away from the building and collapsed into the street, covered in blood, as it turned out. But there is not a single mark on it. Alison is not aware until the outcome of the film that she has a goal. She was placed there for a reason — a reason whose origins go back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and the angel Uriel, who was placed at the entrance to protect him from the devil. The Catholic Church unwittingly prepared and prepared her to assume an essential role, guaranteeing the salvation of her soul, which is cursed for two suicide attempts. At the same time, the “invisible” neighbors, who are not just freakish eccentrics, have a different purpose for her. This is a competent and well-made film that wonderfully portrays the Church and its representatives in a sympathetic light.
