This horror film, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from production flaws and an unstable, amateurish direction, but, nevertheless, it is strangely compelling. Unlike the shocking horror films such as The Exorcist, this film slowly and mercilessly plunges the viewer into a puddle of evil. He is horrified, who crumbles in the audience with the same fabulous slowness as the poor girl, who was unwittingly chosen as the next guard. Her assigned task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent evil from breaking into the world. This falls on her atonement for her suicide attempt at the beginning of her life. <br /> <br /> The story is true to a book that was exciting, but the way it was edited could lose the viewer. In the plot there are subtleties that are shaved and never explain satisfactorily what hurts this film. What a pity. Sentinel is not a click on the edge of your place; it's more awkward to watch and writhe. Like a bad car accident, there is an obligation to look, even when it becomes unbearable. This film is not so bad, and still able to shock. <br /> <br /> The cast was competent. Christina Raines was fascinated, like Alison, a vulnerable girl who was spiritually attacked from both sides, a pawn in an endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as her caring, but ultimately selfish guy. Eli Wallach and the very young Christopher Walken are detectives trying to solve a bizarre riddle that they have been given. Ava Gardner is elegant because the realtor is not aware of the horrors lurking in her rental property. The emaciated elderly John Carradin with bent arms of arthritis is excellent as a dying guardian who needs to be replaced. The devil plays in the charming perfection of Burgess Meredith; he is so sweet and yet so angry. Future stars are hidden in this film: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of a poor girl, and Jerry Orbach successfully plays against a typical TV viewer. Damned souls at the end are portrayed by these freaks and fans. Whoever thought this was a perverted but brilliant genius. <br /> <br /> The horror that permeates the film suddenly flares up, for example, when Alison opens the door and finds something that brings back memories of when she found her father with her two whores. She experiences her first suicide attempt, runs into a pair of strangely disadvantaged lesbians, and sees the cat cut like a pie. Again and again she jerked back and forth through reality and fantasy, through dreams and waking nightmares, while she lacked the means to cope with the situation. In truth, the devil tries to drive her insane enough to commit suicide before becoming the next guard. Will he succeed ...? Thus, a slow, but indescribably creepy, well-acting, but ill-directed, and very typical horror film from the 70s, before real shockers break loose. (Not intended for a pun). This film may not work for those who have a short amount of attention, but it can still cause chills on the back, and yet can provide some restrained shock. It remains a strangely compelling and interesting immersion into the realm of evil.
