Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge films, such as Death Wish and Land of Chato, but he is equally gifted as a director of an occult horror film, as the 1977 Sentinel proves. "The Sentinel", based on the novel by John Konvits, who also wrote the script, is an intelligent and extremely creepy religious chiller, which no lover of the occult Terror should consider to be missing. The film is clearly inspired by successful occult classics such as Rosemary's Baby, The Exorcist, or The Sign, but, as I understand it, it is also easily disturbing, as are these more widely known films, and probably even worse. <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young New York model. Injured by the events in her past and not yet wishing to marry her lawyer’s friend (Chris Sarandon), Ellison is looking for an apartment and finds a large, incredibly good, affordable one in an old mansion in Brooklyn. New apartment, however, comes with a bunch of very strange other tenants. And the sinister new neighbors will soon become more than a bit annoying for Alice ... This may be an inadequate overview of the plot, but I would not want to spoil any great moments of this film, so I will not give further description of the plot. However, I will say that “The Sentinel” is a very creepy and effective film that benefits from a great cast, as well as from the often strange and constantly strange atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Connwitz also performed here as producers certainly influenced the outcome. The film is creatively photographed, and the creepy old Brooklyn mansion is a fantastic setting for this kind of films. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is unclear and creepy, and the film also includes several shocking moments and real panic. There are many sinister and eccentric characters in the film, and the actors are great. The beautiful Christina Raines is gorgeous in her role as Allison Parker, attractive and yet on the verge of losing her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as her boyfriend, a successful lawyer, and the cast includes many big names, such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenguer, before becoming truly famous. Stars such as Ava Gardner, the horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and my favorite character Eli Wallach as a cynical murder investigation detective also take part in the film. I have been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, mainly for films such as Death Wish and Chato's Land. “The Sentinel” is another great film in Winner’s repertoire, as well as proof that this man is not only a master of boiled cinema in the style of revenge, but also of atmospheric occult horror. In general, “The Sentinel” is a creepy, intelligent, and surprisingly quirky occult chiller, which is strongly recommended to all horror fans!
