Sigh?? I sincerely wonder why all the famous and supposedly deep film critics are so offended by director Michael Winner? Of course, he is not an avatar of subtlety, since his films are almost always tough and opposing, but so what? They are amazingly interesting. His most famous action films, such as the first three recordings in the TV series Death Death, are easily defeated because they supposedly glorify violence and the personal use of shotguns, but even when the winner is filmed in a much more mature movie. genres ?? for example, the religious horrors of the "Guardian" ?? he has no chance with any of the critics. "The Sentinel" spawned some controversy and angered several people after its release, when it became known that Michael Winner was playing really ugly people with disabilities to portray creatures trying to cross the gate between hell and earth. Almost the same contradiction led to the fact that Todd Browning's masterpiece and sight in the horror film "Freaks" remained forbidden and invisible for more than thirty years! And why? Just because certain boorish and easily offended people, who should not watch the movie in the first place, claim that this is unethical? I don't think Michael Winner or Todd Browning kept these people at gunpoint or made them appear in their films, so that gives us the right to feel embarrassed in their place? Another important reason critics didn’t welcome the Guardian is that Jeffrey Convitz’s novel? and so the script of Michael Winner ?? It is extremely derived from other modern, but much more successful religious horror stories, and thus, in the opinion of the merciless pens of horror critics, is little more than pure plagiarism. Admittedly, “Guardian” borrows many essential elements from “Rosemary's Baby”, “Signs” and “Exorcist”, but let's face it, the 70s cinema thrives largely on stolen formulas and imitating success stories. If you lose sight of the slightly unoriginal concept and, frankly, a handful of completely confusing and unnecessary scenes, “Guardian”, to be honest, still remains a uniquely atmospheric and often absolutely stunning 70-years-overwhelming ensemble of actors and nightmarish in images. hardly you forget easily. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker, an amazing model with some untreated trauma, moves to a stunning brown apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the wishes of her boyfriend Michael, who has proposed marrying her several times already. Allison's physical existence and especially her mental state changed abruptly shortly thereafter, and the ominous apartment seems to be the root of all suffering. She meets eccentric neighbors and attends birthday parties for her cats, although the owner of the apartment and she believe that she and the blind priest are the only residents. She often faints during her work assignments and truly creeps into seeing her motherfuckering father and the night when she tried to commit suicide. Gradually, it is clear that Alison was chosen to serve the supreme supernatural goal inside this apartment building, but at the same time the malignant forces are trying to prevent it. It is truly regrettable that the advertising slogans and even a brief synopsis on the back of the DVD immediately show that Alison’s brown apartment is the gate of the earth to hell, and she was chosen to guard it, because the script of the film is slowly developing in the direction of this shocking revelation. For nearly 75 minutes (and for some sadly tedious and too long episodes) Michael Winner successfully supported the impression that Alison's own mind plays jokes with her, and that the participation of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of her bride are strictly red herring. A lot of horrible scenes are pretty close to being a genius, like the memory of Alison or her first encounter with the priest at the top. The whole climax with the controversial performances of the guests mentioned here above is literally a confusing showcase of pure horror and is easily one of the most memorable and exciting interchanges I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> In the roles of Michael Winner, the “Assembly” was very impressive, especially considering that “Sentinel” still remains a legitimate horror film, and this genre is not the most popular among prominent actors, but, of course, you also have a little look at the cast. With such an expanded composition, it is obvious that some of the roles in the film are slightly more than cameos. For example, Martin Balsam and John Carradine appear on the screen just a couple of minutes. Some others (for example, Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenguer) may add a lot of fame to the film these days, but when it was released they were still too unknown to attract curious onlookers. My personal choice for the best performances is Burgess Meredith as a strange neighbor and Eli Wallach as a satirical police inspector. The relatively unknown Christina Rains does a wonderful job carrying the film, and Chris Sarandon gently supports her, even though he has a funny mustache. In my humble opinion, “The Sentinel” is an amazingly interesting and frightening horror film, and, of course, you definitely need to look at the fans of the TRUE genre.
