This is the first of two parts of the story about the conflict between machines and humanity in the world of the Matrix, and it effectively demonstrates the combination of observations of a person’s fear of the unknown and usurpation of politics, extensive religious and historical images, and subversion. the expected image of the parties involved and at least partly plausible and, therefore, a terrifying vision of our near future. it is not perfect, and some plot points and images are both obvious and far-fetched, but they have the desired effect and impact and tell an intuitive and instructive story. <br /> <br /> This first part sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots, mostly humanoids, to serve people doing black, unskilled work, work, construction, etc., and thus the population has become lazy and derogatory towards them. One robot, however, rises and kills its owner, stating on the subsequent test that he simply does not want to die. it is destroyed, but when ordered to destroy the masses of robots in order to protect humanity, many robots, along with many people sympathizing with them, rise to protest. <br /> <br /> The exploitative images here are about racial riots and abuses, Tiananmen Square, the Holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot in the shape of a human girl who is tortured, beaten on the head, and then shot when he pleads “I'm real ". he lies on the ground, clothes and skin are torn, and his chest is loose. This is an obvious and obscene image, created to show the human fear of uncontrollable elements and aggression towards groups, based on the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> In any case, this first part is very similar to the condensed version of the film I, the Robot, but it soon turns into a recognizable prehistory of the Matrix, since the surviving contingent of robots is driven out and assembled in the Middle East, in the cradle of civilization as the storyteller tells us. there, the machines regroup and start producing new AI, producing mass technologies and selling them to people. we see a commercial for a car that uses circular energy engines that use ships that rebel use films, and we see watch-type robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. their goods and trade lead to the growth of their economies, causing damage to other economies, and human governments and authorities create a retaliatory blockade. the machines send ambassadors in the form of the similarity of Adam and Eve to the UN congress to agree on a peaceful settlement of the blockade, but they are forcibly removed, and in the second part there is a stage for war. <br /> <br /> Animation is done by 4 ° C Studio, which works with a fairly large part of Animatrix, and it is spectacular and visually stimulating, presenting various scenes, such as image editing, video surveillance frames and individual import scenes, distinctive and overall perfectly representing the story. the plot may not be an original concept, and it may rely on the sheep’s simplistic mentality and plot models and resort to provocative material for impact, but after a painful secret offered by the first film and morpheus, this is a good exposition of catastrophic events that left the world devastated and in the hands of machines that serve as a warning and a means for many observations and comments about the human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the devastating effects of conflict and prejudice, the themes are revealed in films.
