This was the first thing that came to mind when I watched the final credits made by Europe appear across the screen. Never in my entire life have I seen a film of such technical genius, the visual effects of Europe are so impressive that any film I watch in its wake will only be paler by comparison, forget your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott, a brilliant Hollywood cinema, Europe has more unearthly beauty than anything that these two could come up with in a million years. Now I would be the first to greet Lars von Trier, a genius who had just been shot at the end of his films Breaking the Waves and the Dancer in the Dark, but this is stupid, the fact that Europe for so long remained unnoticed by film experts is a crime against the movie, while overpriced trash such as The Crouching Tiger, The Hidden Dragon and Life Is Beautiful, is removed from the Academy Awards (but what do you know), Europe was hidden, not in the video stores and (until recently) on any British television channels. <br /> <br /> Visualization in Europe is not MTV gloss; it is not a case of style in essence, it is rather a case dictating the style of a substance. As in his first film, “The Element of Crime,” von Trier uses the perspective of the protagonist to draw us into his world, and just like The Element, the film begins with the protagonist (or, in the case of Europe, we are the audience ) be hypnotized. When we move along the paths, the voice of the Storyteller (Max von Sidow) leads us into a deep sleep, until we wake up in Europe. This allows the background Trier and his three filmmakers to pay the conventions of time and images. There are many scenes in Europe when the character in the background, black and white, interacts with the person in the foreground, which will be colored. For example, von Trier tries to show us what priority a colored object or person has over the plot, for example, it is not surprising that the first The picture of Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) is color, as he is the only character whose actions are superior to the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they may not coincide with the performances in the later von Trier films, but this is only because the images are sometimes so distracting that you don’t notice them the first time. round. But I would like to mention the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead role, whose blind idealism is slowly warned by the two opposing sides, until it breaks out in the final act of the film. Again, disgusting, similar to the “Element of Crime”, the film ends with the fact that our hero cannot wake up from his nightmarish state left in this terrible place, and only the continuing narration of von Sidov decides his fate. Europe is a terrific movie, and I can't help but think about the shame that von Trier abandoned this method of shooting, as he was clearly one of the most talented directors who worked at the time, Europe, much like the rest part of his cinematic cannon is filled with many iconic scenes. His dedication to composition and stage setting is unparalleled, not to mention its use of sound and production design. But since his melodramas without excesses turned out to be “Breaking Waves” and “Dancer in Darkness,” then who can argue, but this seems like an empty fantasy. 10/10
