The prison is not often raised while talking about the best horror films of the eighties, and there is a good reason for this, because it is not one of the best ... but if you delve into classic films that a decade had to offer, it is certainly among the best of lesser known / lesser films. The film has something to do with blockbusters; for starters, this is an early directorial job for Renny Harlin; a capable director of many action films, including Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea; and secondly, we have an early role for Lord of the Rings star Viggo Mortensen. The film is not quite original, but the storyline is interesting. We focus on the prison, which was opened a few years later. It was a prison, where a man named Charles Forsythe was sent to the electric chair after being substituted by the prison governor. Naturally, the spirit of the deceased does not rest with the world; and when the old room for execution opens again, the spirit of the dead convict runs away for the sake of revenge. <br /> <br /> The film is not exactly “Shawshank Escape”, but he tries to create his various characters, and while the essence of the film is always terrified, the prison drama behind all this creates an interesting foundation. This is also a good job, because apart from the main premise, the film does not really have a “plot”, and we exclusively rely on the interaction between the characters to keep things interesting. The horror shown in the film is at times grotesque, but never excessive, which may be the reason that this film is rarely remembered when it has been released in excess of a decade. The killings themselves, though, are pretty good and creative, and give some highlights. As the film continues, we begin to delve into the background of the ghost of the vindictive convict, and, although this is quite interesting, some things in it do not make sense, and this is a bit addictive. However, it all comes down to an exciting climax, and in general I have to say that Prison is a movie worth tracking.
