2003 was recognized as the year of the Matrix with the release of two sequels and a computer game, which is actually connected with the plot of the film. A DVD of 9 short animated films was also released, most of which were written and made in Japan and made in the form of anime. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them - the first part of the prequel to the first film "The Matrix". <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is designed as a historical file. He tells how people made cars in their own image. People live a high life, and cars - grunts, workers of a society, citizens of the second grade. In 2090, the BI-66ER was put on trial for murder after killing its owners, who wanted to deactivate it. The machine does not have a fair trial and riots begin around the world. World order governments dismantle cars. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undermines human nations, forcing them into economic crisis. Human blockade 01 and the rejection of the machine requests for peace, so it was the people who were responsible for the war that enslaves them. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is an interesting watch with an excellent, traditional style of animation and sets an irresistible world. This shows how machines were mistreated and that humanity sowed the seeds of its own destruction. There is a political and social world, and a short time says a lot about it. The short film shares the themes and style of the classic silent film "Metropolis", partly from the underworld. These are themes of slavery, ill-treatment of the working class and racism. The plot also has some religious themes and religious iconography. Mostly, people see themselves as God and create machines in their own image. Seeing themselves the full owners of cars. Machines also use religious iconography, mostly forming their nation in the “cradle of human civilization”, and machines going to the UN, dressed like Adam and Eve, offer an apple. <br /> <br /> The animation style is beautiful, made in the traditional style of anime (like Akira). The scenography is gorgeous, combining futuristic design with historical cities, for example. Washington DC The situation in the future is very bad, and the violence is amazing, which is the key to the film. Director Mahiro Maeda also filmed an anime series in the movie "Kill Bill Tom." 1, therefore, has good authority in Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and knows how to lead a story. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is the continuity error of the first film The Matrix, because Morpheus mentions that people do not have historical records or who knows who started the war. But this is a good watch.
