The prisons are not quite known for their benevolent hospitality and “happy atmosphere”, which is connected with stories about fights, chaos, murders and, of course, extreme male connections! But the prison in this film is a completely different beast. Horror films, installed in cameras, as you probably know, are not something particularly new, because they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the impossibility of escaping? two of the greatest themes in the horror movie. Examples include the “PRESIDENT” (Valdermarz Korzenovski, 1988), the Green Mile (Frank Darabont, 1999), “Alien 3” (David Fincher, 1992) and, of course, the very genre of exploitation "Women in prison", another entry into this niche should be something inventive and very fun to boot to be recognizable. Or at least you would think so. PRISON is certainly an incredibly fun and enjoyable trip, and a little embarrassing that it is not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> In short, the film tells about the old prison (well, Spirit!), which was re-opened. However, prisoners need to fear not only cellmates and guards, but also an evil ghost demon spirit, who has only one thing in mind; death! And boy, we turn to some amazing scenes of death! I won't spoil anything here for you, but there are a lot of innovative and enjoyable killings done by invisible hands. <br /> <br /> In addition to the special effects and killings, there is something else about this film; it's thrown. Headlining, we have the Lord of the Rings star (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) Viggo Mortensen (and for all those who are so inclined, yes, he really gets naked), whose performance is not only very believable, but also done with such skill that his Eastwood Esquire character is both bad and pleasant (a very delicate blend). Add him to the cast of “hey-wait-a-minute-I-know-this-guy” actors, and you get one great set of stars. However, the characters themselves do not have enough three-dimensional, and most often they seem very stereotypical. We have a black optometrist, a prison guard, a woman human rights activist and many other characters. But honestly, this “mistake” actually helps the film. Instead of a boring character development in an overly long balance, we are more or less thrown straight into action, and as soon as it starts (very early), there is not a single scene that would be filler ?? These are balls on the wall of the plot. Unlike certain deliverance from the Shoushenk (Frank Darabon, 1994)! Sharing conventions with the slasher genre, this is in some way the agreement itself, and, in the good tradition of the old slasher genre, PRISON punishes those who were bad. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a great little horror movie and one that, unfortunately, is not seen and not mentioned in the world of horrors. With a great cast, great special effects and fairly original death scenes, this movie is highly recommended for horror lovers. Do not be fooled into thinking that it will be a stupid little film, simply because it was shot in the USA in the 1980s, it is far from stupid (although the end itself destroys it) and, at the same time, far from sandy and realistic (although he is trying to solve problems such as rape in prison, it is done quite subtly). <br /> <br /> I give him 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very interesting horror movie with some very nice touches.
