I took out a box of VHS from my huge collection — many invisible ones — and chose a film based on the box's decoration, I thought it would be fun, and yes, bad. The prison had this cheesy look of the 80s all over this box. I sat and watched, and lo! and here, I discovered that sometimes we really sit down in the cinema with biased expectations. Fortunately, I quickly turned mine over and soon realized that I was not just sitting in a good movie, but in general a pretty good movie. The prison tells the story of the opening of the old, half-ruined prison to save on budgetary problems. It looks creepy like everything is empty and filled with prisoners. The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. The story of using the prison as a central place is told in the prologue about a person who is being killed in an electric chair. We see in Lane Smith a guard tearing a Crucifix before sending a man to his Creator. Then we go to today, first with the government council at the meeting, deciding to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor to make sure the conditions are acceptable, as she vigorously campaigned against the reopening of the old prison. Then we see a new warden, Lane Smith, being pursued by a nightmare in bed - and given the new job of opening a prison, which he hasn’t been for years. Well, the rest follow his example: prisoners and guards arrive with many stereotypes. They give us some depth of character, and some of the prisoners are interesting characters. Acting is better than one would expect when Lane Smith does professional work, as always. Viggo Mortenson as a completely different prisoner, being solid. Tom Everett, Taini Lister and Ivan Kane truly explore the boundaries of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is fine as a leading woman. The best performance is Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underrated character actor, as Croesus is a prisoner who was in the same prison several years ago when the “man” was executed with some kind of terrible secret. something like sliced ​​bread or something like that, but it's definitely worth seeing and definitely better than many expect from it. I was pleasantly surprised at how the director Renny Harlin created the plot so visually atmospheric. The film is tense, tight and Harlin knows how to build his scenes. There are several excessively shot bloody scenes - one with barbed wire was a bit larger than the one with all the pipes. But these scenes are visually creative and interesting. evenly decent. The script is actually much more cohesive than is usually obtained from films like these. This can be partially attributed to Irvin Yablans, who wrote the story. Perhaps you remember that he thought up to make Halloween a terrible holiday. Here he makes imprisonment much more terrible than it already is. Give the Prison a break (get it).
