What we have here is an irresistible part of low-budget horror with a relatively original premise, an cast that is filled with familiar faces. And one of the most convincing shooting sites in the history of horror films. So ... can someone tell me why this movie is so undervalued ??? Prison is the American debut of Finnish director Harlin, who is still considered his best effort, although he continued to make blockbusters such as Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea. The story fully unfolds in the ancient and dilapidated prison of Wyoming, reopened for relocation to other, more modern state penitentiaries. In the former dungeons of execution, the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair still dwells. The now appointed overseer, Eton Sharp (Lane Smith), was there 40 years ago, when this innocent man was put to death, and the spirit still remembers his vile role in an unfair trial. It seems that the time for revenge has finally come. Viggo Mortensen plays a good car thief who has to prevent even more people, and Chelsea Field is a humane social worker who slowly reveals the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> The Prison contains over half a dozen memorabilia. bloody sequence, but it is unbearably tense atmosphere, which certainly will stay with you! Unlike any other horrible picture of that decade, Prison has an amazing sense of realism! By this I mean the authentic scenery and mood inside the prison walls, of course, and not in relation to the supernatural murders that are committed ... even though they are really disturbing. The best parts of the film are realistic and hard prison-drama scenes combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. Absolutely the best moment of terror (giving me nightmares since I saw him at a fairly young age) focuses on a deadly fight involving barbed wire. Ghosts !! The script suffers from only one drawback, but this is normal ... almost inevitable, I think: cliche! The story introduces almost all possible stereotypes that exist in the prison environment. We have an ugly, fat pervert with his “cute” toy boy, cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at any cost and ?? naturally ?? an old and wise black crook who serves all his life (I heard someone shouting the name Morgan Freeman?) Do not advise yourself to make these clichés, as I advise, since there are many other elements to admire. The photo is dark and wet, the secret remains long and successful, and the supporting roles of the imprisoned class B actors are excellent (fans recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister, and even the immortal horror icon of Kane Hodder). Forget Wes Craven's insane “Shocker” or the downright cheese “The Chair.” This is the only prison chiller worth checking out! Especially since Viggo Mortensen is gaining popularity these days (I heard that he played a major role in a successful franchise involving elves, hobbits and other fabulous creatures ...), this is a real 80s horror gem to get an urgent DVD release!
