"The Adventures of Barry McKenzie" began their lives as a satirical comic in Private Eye, written by Barry Humphreys and based on the idea of ​​Peter Cook. Mackenzie (“Buzz” to his friends) is a lanky, loud Australian in a hat, whose two main interests in life are sex (despite the fact that he has never been) and Lager Fosters. In 1972, he hit the big screen for the first of two excursions. It must have been tempting for Humphreys to call himself “Buzza”, but he wisely left the work of Barry Crocker (later to sing this theme in the television soap opera “Neighbors”!). Instead, Humphreys played several roles in the true fashion of Peter Sellers, most notably the imperious aunt of Buzzy "Edna Euje" (this was before she became a lady). <br /> <br /> You know that it will not be “The Importance of Being Ernest” when its censorship classification of PPA is deciphered as “The use of robbers is not allowed”. One of Sydney’s lawyers said that Buzz hates Buzz to inherit a stake in his father’s will, he must go to England to devour British culture. With aunt Edna in tow, he takes a flight from Quantum to Hong Kong and then to London. An extremely efficient customs officer forces Buzz to pay import duties for everything he bought there, including a suitcase full of Foster Lager tubes. As he put it: “when it comes to running away from you, the British have an advantage over hippos!” The cunning taxi driver (Bernard Speer) maximizes the fare by delivering Buzz and Edna first to Stonehenge and then to Scotland. The streets of London are dirty, and their hotel is a shack operated by a seedy landlord (Spike Milligan) who makes Bazz put pounds into the electricity meter every twenty minutes. However, there is good news for our hero; he meets with other Australians at Earls Court, and Fosters is sold in British pubs. <br /> <br /> Next comes a series of comic antics, in which Buzz starred in his own cigarette commercials, suppressing curry. his pants in believing that this is some kind of aphrodisiac form, a strange encounter with Dennis Pryce as a high-class pervert who likes to be spanked while wearing a school uniform, a young conservative dance in Rickmansworth at a charity rock concert where his song 'chundering' (vomiting) almost makes him an international star, and finally, BBC TV Center, where he takes off his pants on a live talk show organized by the very soul of a thinking person, Joan Bakewell. A fire burns, and Buzza's friends come to the rescue - dropping Foster's cans, they urinate on a flame in droves. <br /> <br /> This is far from the late works of Bruce Beresford - “The Destroyer of Moran” and “Driving Miss Daisy”. After the release, critics accused him of being too "vulgar." Well, yes, it is, but it is also not a great PS fun. "Buzz" - a disgusting creature, but his life interest is beyond doubt, you can not like the guy. His various euphemisms for urinating ("pointing Percy to china") and vomiting ("Technikolor's yawn") switched to English, and many people did not know where they came from. Other guest stars include Dick Bentley (as a detective who pursues Buzz everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later starred in Rock Follis) and even future art director Russell Davis. <br /> <br /> Continuing - the wonderfully named “Barry Mackenzie Keeps Himself” came out two years later. At his premiere, Humphries took the opportunity to blow up the critics who ravaged the first film. Good for him. <br /> <br /> What should have worried him more, however, in 1985, the Crocodile Dundee was released. It also featured a lanky Australian in a hat, struggling to come to an agreement. with a foreign culture. And made tons more money. <br /> <br /> The song about the end credits (performed by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is great. You have love lyrics that have the line: “If you want to send your sister into a rage, introduce her to Barry McKenzie!”. Time to finish this review. I have to go to hell to shake hands with the unemployed ...
