In the comics and novels "Modesty Blaise" there is a lot of material that would be great in the film. Unfortunately, several attempts were made, and they did not justify the huge potential of the character. So no, this is not the modesty that you know from the comics (currently reprinted in good editions from Titan Books). This is Modesty, about 5 or 6 years before the front page, and from what you can put together from its background, that’s for sure. <br /> <br /> Miramax had rights to a film in a film with Quentin Tarantino acting as a lawyer and technical adviser. Early drafts of the Miramax project tried to adapt one of the best novels, but always managed to eliminate some important element. Tarantino was not pleased with any of them, and offered to remove his name from the project so that they could continue. To the credit of the studio, they wanted to keep him in the process, because they knew that he "got" the character and her world. Since the rights to the film are about to expire, they decided to try a completely different approach. As a result, the film “My Name Is Modesty” appeared, a small film dedicated to the video that represents the character. <br /> <br /> The film does not feature Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These characters are important for Blaise's adventures through most of the published stories. This film demonstrates the strength of the character alone. She never loses her composure, and you never doubt that she is responsible even without a weapon in a room full of gangsters with weapons. Most of the film takes place in a casino, which undoubtedly saved money on production. It doesn’t matter The film doesn’t seem cheap. Instead, it provides a fairly complete (and believable) story for the character and shows how far she thinks about the future. If Miramaks adapts any comic stories or novels now, they will reveal the background of the character well and will not spend much time on its “origin”. I understand that the words “Direct-to-Video” do not inspire confidence, but this film is worth seeing.
