If you are already a fan of the wonderful books of Peter O'Donnell “The Modesty of Blaise” of the sixties, you will really like this movie. If you have ever seen the film “Modesty Blaise” of 1966, forget about it! It was a camp. This is the true modesty blaze. The plot and character are true and modesty, which fans of books know and love. This is a long way from Joe Losey's parody in 1966, and she takes our modesty very seriously. Alexandra Staden is pretty good and believable in this part, and yes, we will see her ass. chuckle <br /> <br /> Most likely, this will be the first film in the series, and it serves to tell about Modesty, her childhood and her days with Lob. <br /> <br /> Since Peter O'Donnell was a creative consultant to the film, everything really rings true. Even the story told by O'Donnell about how he conceived the character is what he said. After reading all the books, I liked the movie even more. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax has left his property choice, thanks to the fact that Quentin Tarrentino made this film, I hope to see more modesty of the story as soon as possible. Moreover, the wonderful character of Willie Garvin makes the character Modesti really come to life. In this regard, I very much hope that the film works well in Europe. I have no idea if Miramax is going to ever distribute a DVD in the USA. I suspect this might not work in the USA. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute their films. <br /> <br /> In this story of Humility already past twenty, she works at the Louche casino in Tangier. The sequence of memories is skillfully done, and Modesty leaves from about 9 years old, from adolescence to her current age in the film - about 21-22, I think. I really do not think that there is an "ideal actress" for modesty. For many of us modesty, she’s already too strong in our imagination. Alexandra Staden is trustworthy. She is very slim, graceful and balanced. She has a lot of close-ups. She has a great face - something that is remembered after the movie. According to illustrator O'Donnela Romero, Modesty has a much more complete figure than Staden, but I’m willing to ignore it. If the Stade continues to play this role, I think that it will become mature - just as Modesty becomes stronger and more qualified as it grows up. The Stade already conveys modesty very well the humor and absolute confidence. Rent this movie, it doesn’t look like everything you saw, and despite being directed by Scott Spiegel, he’s full of touches of Tarrentino, great camera movements, lighting, and well-made action sequences.
