Absolutely tactical, strange (watch the strange moment of a stunning gorgeous blonde acting as a stretch doll for some rich people), a meaningless, but undoubtedly irresistible feature of late night. This frustrated French production consists of a lot of puzzling ideas and illustrations of random plots focused on his very charismatic stars (if not to some degree antiheroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. In fact, they cannot do all this especially in a closed, long middle section, where they hide in the building during the Christmas holidays in order to break into the safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh, fun! But this is when strange, if the intriguing relationship develops between the characters of Delon and Bronson. After the manipulative battle of desires (and childishly cunning games against each other), they came to understand that they respect each other's participation and enjoy mutual respect. It will continue to play a further role in the winding second half of the story with this undetectable curved ball. However, their early encounters suggest that there is something else, but what we get is vague, and this is reinforced by the “What just happened there?” End, which can just make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! Glad to get it out of the system. <br /> <br /> Pacing is terribly slow, but balanced for him, and this seems to be deliberately done to overwhelm him with acute, nervous stress. Watch the same process repeat over and over again, and you know that something is not quite right, and in the end the intrigue comes into play. Now everything that happens seems too spontaneous, but the climax wins. A tight, complex scenario is probably too tricky for its own sake, but there are some neat new items (coins, glass and liquids, try not to spill) and visual symbols. The direction of Jean Hermann is effectively sophisticated and restrained, but becomes a little artificial and instills an inhospitable ice atmosphere. Sound FX is more like a powerful note than the funky score of Francois de Rub, which is mainly kept in a wrapped state after its enormous discovery. The best boxes of Delon (which is quite cruel) and Bronson (cheerful turn) are solid and work each other out tremendously. Bernard Fresson talks about the role of an inspector who knows that something more is happening than what is being done. An attractive female cast is represented by the capable support of Bridget Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> Mysteriously senseless, but perfected criminal drama, supported by two leading and strange inclusions.
