Overview <br /> <br /> The film begins with the release of soldiers from the company of men. One of them pursues the other in a strange pattern, the other repeatedly refuses. Later, they both fall into the trap of an office building in which they want to break into a safe during the Christmas holidays. Hostility turns into playful banter, and then into a desperate struggle for survival (during the banter they lose all their drinking fluids, so this is really serious). With open, well-built and well-oiled torso, they pierce a hole in the wall and, finally, manage to escape ?? only to find out that they were betrayed and created by women. One comes across, the other remains free and does not surrender to its companion. The last meeting, the last light for a cigarette, goodbye, I, goodbye, friend. <br /> <br /> It was hard for me not to see the hidden homosexuals in the two main characters played by the classic man-man superstars Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are clearly attracted to each other, their attitude towards women is disgusting and everywhere is accompanied by contempt. It seems that the whole story has a strong symbolic passage, a bit like Liberation. It is also very stylish. The safe that two people want to hack is in ?? for a while ?? ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. This is a place of advertising company, so there are a lot of beautiful posters and wallcoverings around. Wardrobe is also very good. Does the ultra stylish Citroen DS (maybe the most modern and elegant car of all time) matter in this movie ?? possibly a subtle type of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this film only for acting. Delon and Bronson do share the best scores, which seemed to me very honest and athletic. Both are engaged in acrobatics. I have never seen Bronson better than here, he really acts - and speaks French everywhere, with a strong accent, really, very tolerably. And this, of course, is the man we hear. (Therefore the French version is highly recommended). The police inspector who pursues them both is played by my favorite acting character from Franche, Bernard Fresson, who was a partner with Gene Hackman in the French Connection II. He is the best smart police inspector I know. Also very good is the former children's actress Brigitte Fossi as a young engineer who, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it seems at first glance. <br /> <br /> Anyone who is waiting for the “old entrance” Classic films about robberies may be disappointed with this film. For those with a little patience, this will be a rewarding experience, full of new and original ideas and directorial frills, although it may be too cruel and sadistic in itself.
