This is the first film of Jean Renoir of Silence, which I watched, and perhaps this is correct, because he is considered his best, besides the fact that he is also his first major work. In general, this is indeed a very confident and technically perfect film, which refutes the fact that it was only a sophomore of Renoir. For fans of the director, he is full of interesting hints at the future films of Renoir, especially “DIARY OF THE CHAMBER” (1946) and “GOLDEN COACH” (1952) - in his description of a fatal lower class woman who is desperately wanted by various aristocrats who disgrace themselves for her - but also and “Rules of the Game” (1939), showing in one sequence how noisy servants behave when their masters turn away from them - and FRENCH BANK (1955) - it is clear that Nana goes to a scandalous dance at one point. Personally, I would say that the film is a respectable companion for GV. Pabst's PANDORA'S BOX (1928), The Blue Angel (1930) by Josef von Sternberg and LOLA MONTES by Max Ofuls (1955) in his vivid re-creation of the courtesan’s filthy life. <br /> <br /> Having said all this, the film was a daunting critical and commercial failure at the time of its release — a “crazy commitment”, as Renoir himself later mentioned in his memoirs, which not only personally cost him a fortune (in the end in the end, he eased the financial burden by selling off some of his late father’s paintings), but almost made him quit the movie forever! Stylistically, NANA is quite different from the sound work of Renoir and is especially due to Eric von Stroeym's “FOOLISH WIVES” (1922), Renoir’s film, which I admire very much - and, on a personal note, I really should revise the presto (owning Cinema DVD This and another von Stroheim is 4 years old). In any case, NANA is certainly not without drawbacks: a deliberate pace makes itself felt during an overly generous 130-minute run, with some sequences (in particular, jumps around the midpoint) last too long. <br /> <br /> The excessively manly acting style shown at the exhibition is also sometimes difficult to perceive, especially the style of Nana Catherine Hessling and Georges Hugon Raymond Guerin-Catelain (one of her many admirers) ... although technically they are their characters that is, the bad actress (who leads a courtesan life when she is booed off the stage) and an immature weakling, respectively. However, like Anna Magnani in the Golden Coach, Hessling (by the way, Renoir’s wife at the time) is simply not attractive enough to be very persuasive as an “embodiment of elegance” (as one fan describes at one stage) who is able to enslave every man she meets. Other celebrities in the cast of Dr. Caligari, Werner Krauss (as the most passionate devotee of Nana, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (as initially skeptical, but ultimately a tragic fan of Nana) and future outstanding film director Claude Autant-Lara (exposed as Claude Moore, as well as the art director here), as a close friend of Muffat, but who is secretly in love with the abandoned wife of the latter! <br /> <br /> The observation I watched, through the 3-disc Gin Renoir Collector's Edition, which I watched, was for the most part lovingly restored and beautifully colored, which was previously only available on a French DVD. Based on the classics of French literature (no less, Emile Zola), it cannot but be presented on the screen several times, and the two most notable versions of the film are Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atville and which I own VHS) and Christian-Jaque's in 1955 (with Martina Carol and Charles Boyer, with whom I am not familiar).
