I like this movie. I completely disagree with some of the (negative) criticisms that I have read over the years. It was a great car for Eddie Murphy! He seems to have had a great time with his role as Chandler Jarrell, and he should never worry about what the critics say if he had fun doing it ?? and most of his audience liked it! And it was interesting to watch him combine some intense fantasy with Mr. Murphy’s great comedic style. Do you have to keep in mind that Golden Child is a fantasy movie ?? just creative magic and wonder among the "real" world. During the release of this film, I worked in a video rental store. It was one of the most popular among all our customers. Each time we put it on our monitor, ALL the copies we sent out quickly, with queue requests that kept it in line for months! Everyone who rented it loved it! I was a regular film critic, and all my regular clients asked for my opinion before they rented ?? it was one of my favorites, and I knew the taste of my customers, so I highly recommended it to most of them. I really feel that this movie is Sleeping ?? is it perhaps not too good at the checkout ?? because of very bad marketing ?? but it peaked at the rental market and buying the video later! (YES, I bought this movie for my own video library!). I adored the little boy who played in the "Golden Child" ?? JL Reyt - but, after reviewing his IMDb profile, I noticed that he no longer made films. This is sad because he definitely had an aura on the screen and could continue his film career. I also adored Victor Wong, who played the Old Man (I loved him as “Schoen's Egg” in “Big Problems in Little China” - 1986). In any case, it was a great movie. The only drawbacks that did not fit the topic were some parts that became a bit “grown up” by nature ?? for example, Chandler's rather sexual remarks about the snake lady, who was presented to him as a silhouette. It was fun, but it was still not in sync. So, there were several suggestive scenes. perhaps they were created for the thinking of the day. It was still the adventurous and escapist film that we need today to get rid of all the sharp reality and depressing fluff that struck us from Hollywood. Now it's Fun!
