First of all, no one can understand why this film is so poorly rated. This is not only the first truly horrific film in a very long time for me, which has experienced quite a lot of horror years of experience, starting with riding on dark trips (ghost trains) as a child. Secondly, the main actress, Cherie Christian, has a face that allows her to hope that she will be the leading actress in the main pictures of the future. Thirdly, this woman is so beautiful that I invite the directors to resign all of these Cameron Diazés, Eva Mendezs, and whatever the ephemeral light bulbs called for. Mrs. Christian is not the light, but the sun. <br /> <br /> However, the “Dark Remains” also have an important metaphysical meaning. They believe that the photographs show the creatures of the intermediate kingdom between reality and “imagination”, which are not visible with their own eyes, are not new. But I had never seen in a movie before that these creatures were visible in photographs only for certain people and only for certain times. This means that photography is not just a symbolic picture of reality (thanks to which reality turns into a sign), but also becomes an alternative form of reality that can change in the same way as “real” reality. Being a sign, changing the image means that it affects the photographed objects, that is, the sign behaves like an object. Now in our ordinary world of perception, objects often change signs. For example, if someone grows a bird, his photo will show him with a beard, and not without, as it was before. But, on the contrary, the change of objects by the signs will mean that the photo with a beard is the first, and only then the beard grows on the person. This is, very simply expressed, the case that happens with the photos taken by the main character in prison in this film. This is new, and we should be grateful for everything new in horror films, which usually just repeat and reorder the effects and functions that are already well known, mostly from the time of silence.
