I always feel strange and guilty when I say this (because I’m pretty educated not a teenager), but I really like the Olsen twins, and I respect the films they make, although I never had their target audience. “When in Rome” was a traditional film about Mary-Kate and Ashley, complete with foreign travel, accents, motorcycles, an adult novel in the form of “B” plot, fashionable orientation and even a gag due to captions. I enjoyed "When in Rome" and the other Olsen twin films never pretend to be who they are not; Most of the time, they are only filmed, and never claim to be the next “Citizen Kane” or even “Remember Yourself”. I want to say that people who watch this movie and expect it to be something different from the other Olsen twin movie will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, those who are fans of the Olsen twins will really enjoy it. For those of us who watched them from the first episodes of Full House, it's really great to see them turn into more mature roles. This film provides important historical and geographical information, as well as many of their other films (remember 10 Downing Street from Winning London and visiting the Louvre from Passport to Paris?), As well as good, pure entertainment that the whole family can enjoy . <br /> <br /> While I still feel that I am in my soap box, and as long as I can make this relevant to the film, let me take time to challenge those who reject the Olsen twins. : To be a fan of the Olsen twins, you don’t need to be some kind of teenage “valley girl” from California. In fact, this is not exactly the target audience. If this were the case, the MK & A line of clothing and accessories would pass through Gap or some similar store, and not Wal-Mart. "Being in Rome," although there are "high fashion" and lynx on the globe, as well as two girls from the valley in Cali, this is not really the case ... it's more about the inspiration of young girls who took the initiative to allow they take their seats. If this means setting up a film in some glamorous foreign city with cute guys on motorcycles, so be it. This is called marketing - you take an idea and sell it, making it attractive. At the very least, they send a good message, even if the funds seem a bit superficial. <br /> <br /> In essence, do not knock on the film until you see it, and then do not knock on it until you try to understand what the Olsen twins are doing: they encourage young girls to be creative. , intuitive and motivated young women This film does it, I think, just like their others. Children - enjoy. Parents - do the same. If you like the Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
