This well-thought-out and thoroughly studied documentary describes the horrific case of the inhabitants of the Chagos Islands, who, as shown from 1969 to 1971, were forcibly deported from their homeland by collusion of the British and American governments. Anglo-American politicians decided to act because of their perception that the islands would be strategically important bases for controlling the Indian Ocean through the projection of air and naval power. At a time when, during the Cold War, most of the newly independent postcolonial states left western orbit, British and American officials most likely thought that letting the islanders decide the fate of the islands was not a viable option. Instead, they decided to enforce the forced removal of the indigenous population. The film shows that at the time of the exile the islanders did not have any conditions, and that because of the pier in Mauritius, where they were left, the displaced Chagos community fell into three decades of deprivation, and in these new circumstances, surrounded by homesickness, they suffered greatly from mortality. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, more than three decades have passed in the last months (and years), after the British State Archives of the United Kingdom published many absolutely terrible documents (most likely it is suspected that there was some kind of mistake, and these documents were never supposed to be made public), as a result of judicial appeals of the Chagos community in exile, the British courts consistently found a solution in favor of the islanders and against the British state. Thus, the startling and disturbing conclusions made in the film can only be reasonably regarded as proven. However, the governments of Great Britain and the United States have not yet committed themselves to returning the islands, which, as the courts finally established, are legal residents. This is a very useful film for everyone, but the British and Americans should watch it. To be silent in the face of these facts is to be an accomplice to a completely ugly crime.
