To fight against the death penalty is a fair thing. Anyone who is sane in Europe might think so. In the US, everything is different. It seems that in the first stage the film demonstrates that justice can be won against the death penalty of racist fanatics hungry for American justice. The young man was released from death row thanks to a law professor who returned to a lawyer in this particular case. But the film has a sequel. Justice in the United States is fully regulated for the purpose of revenge. The mistake of justice is also controlled by revenge. One person at the local public prosecutor’s office brought a young man to justice for a false charge. After a while, the prosecutor withdraws the charges, and the young man is released. But he loses a college scholarship and is castrated by some vengeful people for whom there is never smoke without fire. He hides his shame and swears revenge. But he also needs to satisfy his sexual needs, which are more psychic than hormonal, but even stronger, because psychic, not hormonal, and he can do it only with little girls. He is obviously teaming up with another serial killer who is pursuing the same victims. One day, local police follow their intuition, guided by some obscure indirect elements in the murder of a young girl, and arrest the young guy we are talking about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours without a single blow, strikes, telephone books, guns and Russian roulette. He confesses. Posted on death row, he asks his grandmother to contact a law professor in Massachusetts, who is the husband of a representative of the local prosecutor who pursued him a few years ago on a false charge, and revenge on the tracks. He will fail, but he shows that as soon as one of the representatives of justice, the police and other security forces descends from the line of absolute legitimacy, some unjust act is done that can spoil even the best case of the prosecution and which can feed the worst deepest thirst to sweep. Blaming someone for indirect elements is as bad as allowing indirect elements to disrupt the work of the police or justice. Good intentions on the part of the police are destroyed by some personal predilections and vengeful intentions, just as a person’s life can be endangered by indirect elements inflated to the volume of evidence, which, in turn, will threaten the whole case, being just indirect, and so easy to drop, with a good lawyer. The film is then a deep reflection of the need to respect standards and rules throughout the police and justice if we do not want to make a mistake, which, in turn, of course, does not justify the death penalty, because in any case it contradicts the deepest conviction that Americans: “We believe that these truths are self-evident, that all people are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, that among them is Life, Freedom and the pursuit of happiness." (Declaration of Independence ) Life is an inalienable right that was given to man by his Creator, which means that no one except him who gave him can take it away. Only God can take a man’s life. Death penalty is an arrogant appropriation of the power that we have No. Even if we do not call God, we cannot justify the death penalty, except as an act of revenge, and here the film shows that revenge is the worst possible motivation in the administration of justice and the establishment of public peace. If revenge is pushed aside, there is no other excuse for this death penalty. And there can always be a mistake in this quest not for happiness, but for revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Collard, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint-Denis, University Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
