Fascinating thriller !!, December 10, 2005 Posted by littlehammer16787 from the USA <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> Starring Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburn and Blair Underwood. <br /> The liberal, albeit kind-hearted Harvard law professor Paul Armstrong was summoned to the Everglades in Flord by unfairly convicted black guy Bobby Earl. Recognizing that sadistic, cold-blooded policemen condemn and beat him half to death in order to gain recognition of the horrible murder of an eleven-year-old girl. As he delves further and further into the mystery, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. That black police detective lieutenant Tanny Brown from a small community is corrupt and atrociously mean. When the infamous psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan is introduced. He discovers that he knows the location of the murder weapon that hacked the little girl. When Armstrong discovers that there are clear coincidences about Sullivan's journey through the small town and the letter that he personally wrote. Bobby Earl is retested. He is released from prison and avoids his terrible punishment. Everything seems pretty good, until an unexpected phone call from the serial killer Sullivan gets into focus. Armstrong discovers the terrible double murder that happens to Sullivan's parents. Whom he really hates. Sullivan reveals to Armstrong the truth about the monstrous murder of Joanie Shriver and why he was Bob Earl, a psychopathic killer, and he really raped and killed Joanie Shriver. He just made a deal with the angry psycho Sullivan. To free himself so that he could kill again for the sake of revenge. On the beautiful wife and daughter of Armstrong. Now Sullivan is executed before his death. Armstrong and strong, kindly fellow Brown are chasing the evil villain on the Everglades to prevent him. When they arrive, Armstrong learns that mentally ill Bobby Earl plans to kill his wife and daughter during the former rape trial, which inevitably caused him to endure excruciating pain and castration. But the good, virtuous policeman Brown appears and interferes with the cruel villain. He was slaughtered and eaten by the ruthless, human-eating alligators. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survive and live happily ever after. Good thriller that works. Allows you to reveal secrets and tricks. Like reluctant blacks hate racist jurists. Caused by unjust punishments. Even if innocently innocently convicted, an innocent, friendly black person can actually be a vicious villain. Sean Connery is great as forgetful, more holy than you, a hero. Laurence Fishburn is amazingly amazing, like an angry, arrogant but good cop guy. Underwood and Harris are vigorous and cheerful as evil psychos. Kapešaw is all right. Ruby Dee is gorgeous as a tenacious grandmother. The rest of the cast is also great.
