This is the fifth von Trier film I've seen. I think he is the only director to whom I gave such a high score in all his films. Four of them, “Element of Crime”, “Europe, breaking the waves” and “Dancer in the dark”, I gave 10, and one, “Idiots”, I gave 9 (and I rethought whether to give him 10 as I first saw this, although I would like to see it again before I do). He is accused of calling himself one of the best working directors. I tend to agree with him. I can't blame him for arrogance when he made such great films. After 50 years, when von Trier resigns, he will be considered an outstanding cinematographer from Europe (perhaps from the planet), and classes will be held in his name. He is just Bergman or Fellini of our time. Too bad that the critics are too intrigued by themselves to notice. <br /> <br /> With regard to Europe itself, I recognize that this is confusing and that its narrative does not seem strong. I think that's the point. This film, obviously, was supposed to represent a nightmare or subconscious at some level. This is completely clear from the framework of the film: the story of Max von Sydow. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our subconscious. I tend to be more inclined to his mind, since the degradation of Europe concerns me very little, an American. This artwork is also clear if you saw “The Element of Crime”, an even more brilliant film than this (although I challenge it in my mind; what Europe needs most is the correct DVD release, I hope Criterion is again with theatrical aspect ratio and remastering sound and images, then I’m sure this movie would have seemed as great as any other von Trier’s movie). In The Element of Crime, the film begins with the fact that the hypnotist, whom we actually see on the screen this time, is hypnotizing the European detective Fisher, who wants to get to the bottom of his mental anguish. The first words of this film are: “Fantasy is fine, but my job is to follow you.” And whenever the narrator Fisher goes astray, the hypnotist punishes him and tells him to continue the story. He even laughs when the character is given a really stupid and banal string. Something like: “Do you understand the difference between good and evil?” The hypnotist laughs and says: “Now, Fisher, she really didn’t say that, did she?” <br /> <br /> So the key to the interpretation of “Europe”, almost a kind of continuation of the “Element of Crime”, is that we are deep in the subconscious of our background Trier, and the characters there must be interpreted within ourselves and are likely to be different for everyone. What does the train itself symbolize? Consider it internally, and only then discuss it externally. Europe is a great movie, a masterpiece. I have never been bored, although I watched it at 3 o'clock in the morning. In fact, the ideal time to watch is because it works in the logic of sleep.
