Plot: voice overs, Max von Sydow hypnotizes the main character (and audience) in 1945, when our main character, the young American ideologue Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) had just arrived in Germany after World War II in 1945 to help repair the damaged country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) provides Leopold with a job at the large railway corporation Zentropa, but Leopold soon falls in love with Katharine Hartmann (Barbara Sukova); daughter of Zentropa owner Max Hartman (Jørgen Reenberg). Soon Leopold finds himself in the net of corruption, gains profit, loses his ideology and is forced to choose between pests or color schemes. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, fascinating, manipulative, noisy, intrusive, beautiful, and ugly. Here are some immediate, grandiose descriptions that come to mind when they recall the 1991 Lars von Trier masterpiece Europe; The last chapter of the trilogy of Europe. In the US, this was renamed ZENTROPA, so that viewers do not confuse it with EUROPA EUROPA Agnieszka Holland since 1990 (as well as the drama of the Second World War). The Europa trilogy also consists of the element FORBRYDELSENS from 1984 and EPIDEMIC from 1987 (an infamous experiment that sold only 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy thematically deals with hypnosis and the loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as important as visual effects. In the first frame of EUROPE we see a locomotive moving towards us, while our unidentified storyteller literally hypnotizes us: “On the mental count of ten, you will be in Europe. Be there at ten. I say ten. A metaphor for the ability of films to carry us into the subconscious reality of dreams. <br /> <br /> EUROPA uses a strange but extremely effective visual style - this famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky - the main influence of Trier, speaks for itself. This is a black and white movie, sometimes intertwined with red in the form of blood, red dress, etc. According to rumors, it inspired Steven Spielberg to use a similar effect in the 1993 Schindler List (coincidentally, another World War II drama) . In addition, Trier uses the so-called Dutch angels and reinvents the background projection, adding separately removed interacting layers to layers, but unlike old Hollywood films that use it for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These carefully executed strange visual techniques emphasize that we are in a reality of sleep, hypnotized; The universe of EUROPE is not real! EUROPE is often criticized for weighing up advanced technology (such as multi-layered projection of the background) over the plot and characters, but this is what reviewers criticized Stanley Kubrick’s 1968 visual masterpiece: “SPATIAL Odyssey” - it currently occupies a mandatory place in all film history. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is also accused of historical incorrectness. Apparently, Trier gives the Nazi terrorist group "werewolf" too much historical significance. According to various online sources, this is correct (a fascinating subject - try Googl'ing on your own!), However, the goals of Trier are neither an educational nor an exact portrayal of history. EUROPE is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the universe with which the audience is confronted is a distorted reality. Equally, it shows how our memory deceives us - 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although young viewers who are familiar with Europe are too young to have memories of World War II, we have a collective memory of this from various BBC documentaries, so these small inaccuracies actually serve a purpose: they tell us that we are not in post-war Germany of 1945, but in Leopold’s memory about this. <br /> <br /> All three chapters of the Europe trilogy depict young ideologues with noble intentions who are involved in corruption and lose their ideological innocence. The ambiguous endings of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show that the ideologues are forever stuck in their hypnotized realities. Before, during and after EUROPA filming in Poland in 1990, Lars von Trier and co-author Nils Wörsel were extremely interested in World War II. It shows. It is packed with extremely beautiful shots that capture the atmosphere of the exact time period. A striking example is the old Polish church (EUROPE was shot in Poland mainly for economic reasons) in the last EUROPE act. As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think that EUROPA will get its rightful place in the history of cinema. His method of twisting the old clichés and visual techniques associated with the love of the film is so unique, strange, and completely different from anything that you can see in Hollywood or in any other dream factory. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is an important film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some write it off as a purely commercial speculation, but that would be disastrous. It's right there, with other Trier classics and semi-classics, such as FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984, the RIGET series from 1993, and DOGVILLE since 2003. This is a unique experience before Trier took care of his actors, and before the manifesto Dogme95. Watch it! "On the count of ten ..." 9/10
