I barely knew the time in history depicted in this black Brazilian comedy of 1971, however this does not mean that it was not available to me because the film clarifies it. It is located in Brazil of the 16th century, where rival French and Portuguese settlers exploit indigenous people as like-minded people in their struggle to assert dominance. What is particularly interesting in the film is that it was made by the Portuguese from the point of view of the French. The hero is a handsome Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians, and the rest of the French are oppressive and greedy. Portuguese film directors are objective, because when all is said and done, we see that it does not matter which side someone is on. It is about heredity, conquered by the environment in times clearly defined by the tribes. Enemies are created and perpetuated, and thus environmental integration never progresses. <br /> <br /> A Frenchman captured by the Portuguese is then captured by the Tupinambas indigenous tribe after they kill a group of Portuguese. The shaman of the tribe predicted that they would find a strong Portuguese who cannibalize in order to avenge his brother, killed by a Portuguese musket ball, for his brother. Thinking that the Frenchman is Portuguese, they believe that they are now. Nevertheless, the Frenchman is given an unrestrained move through the village, sooner or later he is given a wife, and he acquires a familiar look, not Western clothes or any kind of clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that their prisoner is really Portuguese, and then assures the disgruntled Frenchman that he will tell them the truth when the Frenchman finds a secret treasury that another European hid nearby. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene to be funny, because its narration with its contradictions on the screen serves as an excellent satire, even if the film does not seem to want to maintain this tone much more often. This is not really a very exciting movie. The abundant, inherent region, brutal lifestyle and mature indigenous women make not only the Frenchman, but also us forget about any threat, and we feel it as a free man. It should not be so terribly difficult to escape. Cannibalism is as scanty as the full frontal stripping of the actors, proposed instead of the representative core of a dry political caricature of Pereira dos Santos about the mythology of the New World and underdeveloped social coherence. In any case, this social commentary of the 1500s era, shot on the spot in the bay with 365 islands, played almost completely naked and almost entirely written in Tupi, contributes to the effective destruction of established paths that are relevant because they were repeated for centuries.
