After the story of a love triangle in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were again selected in this scandalous film. The film would have been considered a hit if there had been no dispute with production values ​​from Bharat Shah. Here the directorial duet Abbas-Mustan did a completely different and unique job compared to their previous and subsequent directorial projects. They are considered the creators of Bollywood thrillers. But in this CCCC they proved that they can apply equally to make a romantic family drama. There is hardly a single action scene when Preity raped Salman's colleague in her apartment, Salman slapped him. <br /> <br /> The film has almost all the standards and components, such as song, history, casting, performances, etc., which are necessary to make the film a hit. But, of course, for the fan of Salman, this was an unexpected gift for him. What for? Because for so long he played the part where he had a stage to show his open body and dance all around. His role as a wealthy young businessman who has a nonsense nature and a normal attitude is truly impressive. In the end, Madhubala, Preity’s role as a prostitute is amazing. Later, when she also thinks about her life, she deserves proper attention. Her facial expressions and body language become more attractive, and attention is mainly directed to her. Her previous role as a pregnant woman in Kja Kehn was not as touching as here. Of course, this can be called an improvement. Then Priya, the very innocent and helpless wife Raj, who depends only on him for better results. She has no influential influence on history, since the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main thing in history is something rare and unique in itself. In the real world of this age, such a step in the search for a surrogate mother is not excluded. Perhaps many occur in this great world where they are kept secret. Thus, the script author CCCC has discovered the hidden truth that takes place in other daily lives. But then all this is doubt.
