CCCC is the first good movie in Bollywood 2001. When I first saw the movie trailer, I thought it would be a good family movie. I was right. Salman Khan gave the strongest performance in history. My family was not too keen on him, but after watching this movie, my family was very impressed with it. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film will be a hit because of the three main stars. <br /> <br /> Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya meet and fall in love with each other. They get married and go to Switzerland for a honeymoon. When they return, Raj and Priya learn that Priya is pregnant. The Raja family is filled with joy when they find out especially Dada Raja (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play cricket once, and Priya has an accident, as a result of which Priya has a miscarriage. Raj has a very close family friend, doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raju and Priya that she no longer has children. Raj and Priya remain silent in the family. Raj and Priya decide to go for surrogate motherhood. Surrogate motherhood for them is that they will find a girl and Raj, and this girl will give birth to a child, and then give the child to Raju and Prie. Raj finds a girlfriend. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money, and she agrees. Raj is changing Madhubalu completely. Raj tells Priya that he found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland so that no one will know. Priya spends the night in the church, and Raj and Madhubala alone, and they spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala loves Raj and wants him. What happens next? See CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing I didn’t like about the film was their idea of ​​surrogate motherhood. They should have done it right in the film, but it did not destroy the film. It was still excellent. <br /> <br /> Movie songs are great. My favorites are Chori Chori Chupka Chupka, Dehne Valon Ne, Deewana Hai Yeh Mann and Mehndi. The song "Mehndi" is very colorful. This song shows the Bharai move going on and the very colorful film deserves 10/10!
