The prolific and very influential director Martin Scorsese considers a selection of his favorite American films, grouped into three different types of directors: the director as an illusionist: D.V. Griffith or FW Murnau, who created new editing methods, among other changes that made sound and color appear later, a step forward; as a smuggler: directors such as Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller and mostly Vincente Minnelli, directors who used disguise of rebellious messages in their films; and the director in the role of the iconoclast: those directors who attack civilian observation and social confusion, such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. <br /> <br /> He shows us how the Old Studio system in Hollywood was, albeit oppressive, in the way film directors developed in an environment because they were bound by political and financial constraints. During his clips from the films that he shows us, we not only discover films that we have never seen before that are of interest to us, but we are also made to see what he sees. He assesses his stylistic sensitivity along with the directors of the episodes themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the canon of the film gained a reputation for snobbery, so some film fans and critics prefer to simply make "lists." However, canon simply stands for “best”, while canon proponents claim that this is a valuable activity in identifying and testing a selected selection of “best” films, much like a tape of best hits, if only as a starting direction for students of the film. In general, experience shows that everything that is written about a film, including reviews, creates the canon of the film. Some film canons may definitely be elitist, but others may be "populist." For example, the list of the top 250 films in the Internet database includes many films included in several “elite” canons of films, as well as recent Hollywood blockbusters, which many filmmakers scoff at, such as The Dark Knight, which is currently mixed in the first top ten. Among the first two films are The Godfather: Schindler's List and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, as well as variations in similar productions such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, Terminator, and Kill Bill: Tom. 2. Scorsese Taxi Driver Paul Schrader explicitly called his canon “elite” and claims it is positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese never speaks particularly about his social and political ideologies, but when we see this intense and universally obsessive lesson about the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological spheres, we see that in elitism or populism there is really no particular virtue. Elitism focuses all the attention, recognition and, thus, power on those who are considered outstanding. This discrimination can easily lead to self-indulgence in the spirit of the indulgent work of Jean-Luc Godard or over-rationalization of the production practice of a director like Michael Haneke. Yet populism calls faith for representative freedom as the assertion of the will of the people. As previously stated about people's comprehensive misconceptions about cinema, populism can be the end of the potential power and impact of cinema. One can only continue to watch films, because this is a vital social and metaphysical practice. And this is what Martin Scorsese spends almost four hours here, trying to tell us what cannot be said without seeing firsthand.
