When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorsese to create the American part of the film Century of Cinema, he took the opportunity with both hands. A personal journey through American films is a fascinating, large-scale, and, as the name suggests, a very personal look at Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Scorsese's story is mainly about Hollywood directors ?? actors, producers, scriptwriters and other associates are hardly mentioned. From the very beginning, he states that for him the main conflict in the film industry is a conflict between the director’s vision and the distributor’s motivation, between art and commercial viability. He even opens a clip from Vincent Minnelli's film “The Bad and the Beautiful”, one of the earliest films in which this contradiction is openly explored. This dictates the structure of the documentary. Scorcese looks at how the genres have darkened and challenged the clichés, how the individualists challenged the production code, and how some directors fell into grace when they dared to be different. However, Scorzese never falls into the trap of dismissing directors who constantly delighted studio bosses (he praises Cecil B. De Mille), or those who had a less recognizable style, but were nonetheless masters of cinema. Scorsese doesn’t necessarily focus on his absolute favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorsese’s most influential, are mentioned only in passing). Instead, he looks at people and films that serve to tell his story. For example, he shows us the sequence of John Ford films to show how a western has developed. He looks at the work of Vincent Minnelli (probably the most frequently mentioned documentary filmmaker) to show how a supposedly useful genre, such as a musical, could also have darker undercurrents. I can imagine that if this destination were not limited to America, Scorsese would also like to talk, for example, about his Italian influence or his British hero Michael Powell. As he is, he expands the definition of American films to include both Hollywood films of immigrant directors, such as F.W. Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of American-born filmmakers elsewhere ?? for example, Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Instead of just telling the story of Hollywood in chronological order, Scorsese compares films from different eras to solve different themes. In his section on the language and tools of cinema, he begins with D.V. Griffith considers the appearance of sound, color and widescreen images and inevitably ends up sifting through computer effects that, although Scorsese doesn’t enthrall them, he even ... It is enough to pass on George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola clips protecting them. However, he does not just finish the chapter here, as if it were the end. Instead, he returns to the 1940s to show how low-budget horror, such as Cat People, can achieve effective results with the simplest and cheapest element. <br /> <br /> A personal journey through American films should be one of the best documentaries made. There were many outstanding directors and films, without which I would never have found, and even the most experienced movie lovers would probably find something new in a wide range. Scorcese also restored the balance of forgotten or undervalued paintings. I was pleased to see that when he talks about Kubrick in his chapter on Iconoclasts, he looks at Lolita and Barry Lyndon, for me his two most underrated films. Scorsese's respect for the environment is manifested in the fact that he allows the clips to play completely, rather than just giving us tiny pieces, and interrupts them with talking heads (a combination of archive and new interviews) only when necessary. There is some bias by the 40s and 50s, but this is not surprising, since this is the era when Scorsese grew up and discovered a movie for itself. And in the end, I do not think that this documentary could have been achieved if it were not a personal journey. <br /> <br /> One word of warning, although, in his deep look at certain pictures, this documentary really contains several spoilers.
