An interesting aspect of the “Pupil” is that it demonstrates that traditional interviews and resumes do not necessarily predict teamwork, dedication, and work efficiency. And they, of course, do not reveal any hidden agendas. In other words, a good indicator of potential may be the opportunity to see the applicant in action, which is the point of "Pupil". Individuals applying for a corporate position may submit a sugar-covered resume and put on their best individual clothes for an interview, but this is not necessarily the best indicator of strengths and weaknesses and results. <br /> <br /> Briefly, “The Apprentice” includes 16 job candidates applying for the maximum career opportunity: a position in the real estate magnate investment company Donald Trump. “Pupil” refers to the winner, who will receive a paid position, learn the art of making high-stakes deals with the master himself, and, apparently, will receive first-class corporate communications. This position is a dream come true for those who want to make more money than the GNP of some foreign countries. To seduce candidates, Trump shows off his private jet, his luxury apartments, full of statues and artwork, limousines, his connections with celebrities and other aspects of the life of a billionaire magnate. <br /> <br /> The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that compete with each other. Each of them has a brand name, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks that entail an entrepreneurial enterprise, such as creating advertising, selling goods, or negotiating. The teams select a project manager who provides leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If they win, the manager gets a lot of credits, especially in the eyes of the final arbiter. If they lose, the manager can also become a scapegoat. Some of the tasks are monumentally complex, and they take only one or two days to complete. Tasks may include creating a commercial or a print ad. Others may be associated with sales in a store or on the street. <br /> <br /> Tasks bring out the best and worst participants. They often immediately show who is the most reliable, who is the most reliable, and who is the hardworking one. And the tasks also show who is not a good team player, who is ineffective, and who seems to be only for himself. Tasks invariably unexpectedly reveal the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and, in particular, the project manager. How well the manager communicates with the team, delegates work, organizes time and sets specific goals will largely determine the result, but this does not necessarily predict a winner. <br /> <br /> The most eloquent aspect of someone’s potential when he or she is appointed as a project manager. Their real abilities, unlike their self-development abilities, are immediately manifested through plywood, which cannot be hidden by a silk tie for $ 100 or beautiful makeup. Leadership and / or weaknesses often become painfully obvious in just a few minutes. Those who position themselves as first-class leaders are not always so strong when they find themselves in a real situation of leadership. It is always easier to “pick up your own horn” than to actually participate in leadership. Project managers, even those who are part of winning teams, often do not formulate a unified strategy. They often believe that it’s more effective to work with a deep end to complete a task in the first minute, rather than taking a little time to organize and discuss how the task will be completed. Most of the time, members of a poorly planned team run around like headless chickens, figuring this out along the way, and ultimately they lose much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team will feel the taste of social life, such as lunch in an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private jet and / or meeting with a celebrity. The losing team comes to a terrible board, where Trump hears the weak excuses of the participants and knocks down one or more participants, like pieces from a chessboard, with the now notorious “You are fired”. Often the project manager is considered partly responsible for the loss of the team and may be the target of Trump's accusatory rhetoric. Every week at least one person becomes a victim of a losing team. <br /> <br /> My least favorite aspect of the “Pupil” is the courtroom. Although the tasks themselves reveal the strengths and weaknesses of candidates, the boardroom often reveals the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is one team of winners and one team of losers, even if the competition was close. The members of the losing team begin to blame each other, often mercilessly, for who is to blame. And sometimes more than one person gets fired. I rarely see an ineffective candidate taking responsibility for his actions in the conference room. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were probably the only candidates who took full responsibility for the loss of their team and did not receive recognition for this selfless act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were the most honest of all the candidates. However, Trump saw Christie weakness and fired her, arguing that she did not defend herself, which may mean that he values ​​the ego more than honesty. No one should sacrifice their honesty for this. Christy Frank may not have become a student, but she can live with herself, knowing that she is not unfair to blame others. Isn't it worth as much as “winning”? <br /> <br /> The strength of the “Pupil” is his weakness. Since team performance is judged strictly by winners and losers, other rating opportunities are overlooked. With the exception of the huge gaps between winning teams and losers, sometimes the losing team exemplifies a high level of teamwork and efficiency. I have seen losing teams that sometimes looked better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so often obsessed with victory and defeat that we often forget about superiority.
