In this pool, in this pond there are water lilies and frogs. Frogs are sitting on water lilies. Frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Aquart) - water lily, fan of synchronized swimming, in love with Florén (Adel Henel), frog, captain of her team. Teammates Florayne shun their leader because an unusually seductive and slender blonde demonstrates a free persona that gives the mindset of a synchronized swimmer about conformity and discipline. But Florin has a secret; this bomb has a bomb that “Naissance des pieuvres” shows the viewers visually before she trusts Marie. <br /> <br /> Floreina, as they say, never walked with the boy. <br /> <br /> At the party, we see a double image of a burgeoning sex bomb testing her makeup in a bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a veil of Morgan. Marie recognizes the twin Florin, while her imitation breaks the heart of the waterlily. While the frog pretends to catch flies for the sake of appearance, it begins to chat with water lilies when no one is looking. In the most striking scene of the film, the water lily agrees to help the frog lose its virginity through a mechanical act of oral stimulation. Florine wants the boys to like her, but it looks like she doesn't like boys, but for a frog it’s more important that she is popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog, the frog remains a frog. The frog cannot turn into a water lily or princess, because the water lily has lost the frog's respect. After their lips open, Florein tells Marie: “See, it's easy,” which is the way the frog equates their kiss with an orgasm, which her friend gave her as nothing more than a rite without any conditions. The beauty of Flolain is a burden. She carries the weight of meeting the expectations of the boy. Florence uses Marie to make a final throw before her Fata Morgana enslaves the imitation in the closet. <br /> <br /> Another water lily, another frog, Marie’s best friend, Anna (Louise Blescher) and an upset Florentine Francois boy (Warren Jacobs), like any water lily and frog, also have a parasitic relationship. While Flolain uses Marie for love, Francois uses Anna for sex. But this is life; it is a betrayal of growing up, in which even a friend can turn on a good friend if there is an opportunity to move along the food chain. In McDonalds the water lily punishes another water lily after bathing abundantly in the afterglow of the frog. Physical beauty is currency. Marie gets the opportunity to take a picture, because Ann, although not ugly, but superfluous, weighs and has an unflattering hairstyle. Ann tries to fight back, using her breasts as a sufficient retribution (a magnifying glass from her Happy Meal casually comments on Marie’s flat chest), but a tadpole (Marie thinks she’s better than Ann, better than water lily) indicates that her breasts are a by-product of fat. <br /> <br /> Teenage girls can be cruel to each other. <br /> <br /> Later, in the final frame, Naissance des pieuvres suggests that Marie also has a twin, and this symbiosis among water lilies can become parasitic in the near future, if this has not happened yet. Teenage girls can be cruel to each other in a way that no boy can match.
