Water Lilies is a well-made first French film about young female sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with a specialized, slightly disinfected material that repels some as well as attracts others. The film is dedicated exclusively to three girls from the middle class in the new suburb of Paris. Their life revolves around a large indoor pool, where two out of three are part of the team of synchronized water ballet. <br /> <br /> Distractions such as parents, brothers and sisters, work and school were neatly cut out of the equation. The central sensitivity belongs to the attractive gloomy, but thin Marie (Pauline Aquart), who is not in command, but thinks she would like to be. Marie loves Floriana (Adel Henel), a charming blonde and an outstanding team that the boys watch for. This leads Marie away from her former best friend, who is also a member of the water ballet team, somewhat plump Anna (Louise Bacher). Being less special, Ann is more truly accessible to boys. Floriana, like this film, promises a little more than she really offers. Maria has a more substantial quality for a teenage girl: she suffers internally. Floriana suffers not so much as jumping in a situation, and then rushes. <br /> <br /> Marie is amazed at the charm of the water ballet and Floriana. Floriana uses this to first make Marie her slave and cover for her assignments, and then, not having other friends, her confidant. All other girls consider Florian a whore, an illusion that she encourages in men and boys whom she teases, because it leads them. She suffers from the fate of a pretty girl, because she is not a person, but an object, and she cannot resist the statement that the boys give her, wanting to kiss her and go to bed, but in fact she does not care about them and knows her attraction to them is a trap. Vervav Marie in the role of her friend, so that her (invisible) mother did not know that she was going to meet with the boys, she also forces Marie to save her from the boys later. At first it looked the other way around, but Floriana needs Marie as much as Marie thinks she needs her. Ann stays with her discomfort from her body and the desire to be calm and more real than other girls. <br /> <br /> By keeping the entire external context at bay, Scamma can distinguish subtle shifts in the subtle equation of the three girls goals and interactions. On the other hand, the film's water frenzy, which includes a lot of soul and spitting, as well as pictures under water, sometimes makes him feel completely airless, and some of his 95 minutes do not pass so quickly. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and allows the trio to sometimes forget about its omnipresent goals and avoidances and just do silly, meaningless women's actions. These are unusual moments that give the film life; too bad that they are no longer there. But Sciamma has the courage of its obsessive ideas, and that, leaving the theater, remains personalities and their dynamics. On the way, of course, it is pleasant to watch the swimming and look at the girls, who for obvious reasons love to look at themselves. <br /> <br /> There are no great revelations or dramas on the way, but everything becomes a little more interesting when it turns out that Marie not only admires, but sincerely wishes Floriana and envies her guys, whom Floriana always stops before they pass all way. In typical irony, this kind of conspiracy by Floriana actually decides that she wants to have her first real sex with Marie - but it is she who is holding back, because she knows that for Floriana this will not matter as much as it will have. When this happens, it is a timid, mechanical matter. Meanwhile, Ann is very fond of Francois (Warren Jacquin), a male swimmer, but, of course, he is hunting for Floriana. Boys are not an element that has been subtracted, and there are always a few dozen ready by the pool or on the dance floor, but these are just the bodies and faces that are available studs.
