The meaning of the French title of this film “La Naissance des Pieuvres”, which literally means “The Birth of the Octopus”, is rather unclear, so it may not be surprising that it was sold in English-speaking countries as “Water Lilies”. ". The English name “Lilies” are three teenage girls, Marie, Ann and Florian, who are members of the synchronized swimming team based in the suburbs of Paris, and the film represents the adulthood drama about the development of their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> One of the features of the film, perhaps unusual for a film of this type, is that it focuses solely on the relationship between the young people themselves. We see nothing from their parents, or from their teachers, and very little from the adult world. Three girls are very different in appearance, and are depicted as very different in character. Shy, retiring Marie is slim and petite, and seems to be the youngest of the three. Ann is something like a simple Jane, Floriana is a charming blonde who is very popular among boys. All three, together with a handsome male swimmer named Francois, are involved in what can be described as the quadrilateral love. <br /> <br /> Anne fell in love with Francois, but he is in love with Floriana, who seems to have her feelings back, although he is by no means her only male admirer. Indeed, not all Floriana's fans are men, because Marie is in love with her attractive friend. The film tells how their friendship develops; at first it seems that Floriana is simply using Marie as a convenient excuse when she is actually going to meet the boys; her parents are likely to object to her acquaintance with the boys, but do not object to her leaving with her friends. Later, however, we understand that, despite the image of Floriana as a sexy, popular girl who is always in the center of attention of men, she actually reciprocates Marie's feelings. The film completely changes some of the usual stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and a rather short figure, typically looks like a “bucha”, but she is the only one of the three main characters who is clearly heterosexual, while the more conventionally feminine Maria and charming Floriana are lesbians or, at least, bisexuals <br /> <br /> transitional age film is common enough, although most of them tend to avoid the controversial theme of teen lesbianism. “Water lilies”, however, are very sensitive to their subject: three very good performances from three leading actresses: Pauline Aquart, Adel Henel and Louise Blacher. The relationship between the characters, especially between Marie and Floriana, is complex and capable of different interpretations. (For example, does Floriana just use Marie for sex, or does she genuinely feel romantic feelings for her? Maybe Floriana’s slovenly behavior with Francois and other boys is just a way to hide her lesbian feelings from the outside world? Or even hide them from herself?) there was the first film made by its young director Celine Skiamma (only 27 at the time); on this basis, it should be considered as a very promising newcomer. 7/10
