This is a romp; many Trek fans don't rate it as highly as the famous classic episodes of all time, because it lacks the deep meaning or hue of those really great episodes, but this one is as well executed as it is, as successful as pure entertainment, it always does my personal list of the best half a dozen episodes, no matter what mood I'm in. Several well-known future films ("Westworld") and television shows (softer Fantasy Island) took as an example the premise of this episode (then, of course, the TNG show updated the concept with holodeck technology). Beautifully filmed (especially noticeable in the restored version and on DVD) and directed, it takes place in the beautiful park setting of the planet, to which Enterprise has just arrived. It is strange that there is no animal life here, even insects (for example, how flowers are pollinated), but everything becomes really strange when members of the landing group begin to see people from their past (Kirk has a difficult past, it turns out), as well as figures from other famous fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-style police revolver (without a doubt, replenishing his swords collection). <br /> <br /> By this time, in the Track series (halfway to the first season), the main characters had quite a few entrenched in old friends whom we had learned over the years to come. Here we will really see how they relax, talk and work together to solve the riddle of this episode: the strong story again becomes a kind of mystery and the audience is ready for the trip, while Kirk and his friends try to solve a very strange series of events that are obviously funny. taste for them. It is almost capricious, following the carefree style set up on the spacecraft when Kirk was finally forced to shine, showing clear signs of stress and fatigue (the Enterprise was supposed to have just completed a painful mission). Then Dr. McCoy is killed by a knight on a horse; Yes, this is the last episode of Dr. McCoy ... just kidding. But this is not a joke for the rest of the landing at this point in the story. McCoy is truly dead for all intents and purposes, and, as in the best episodes of The Trek, the second half of this adventure turns into a crazier, more desperate pace of action and expectation. All this is signaled by Kirk’s resolute response to Sulu, who expresses his incomprehension about any of these events immediately after McCoy’s death - Kirk will get to the bottom of it all, no matter what happens. <br /> <br /> But to Kirk, it doesn’t get much easier: what follows is probably the longest mano-and-mano’s stage-wrestling fight for the series, because Kirk is fighting his bitter enemy from his academic days, fighting, which seems to be happening on half the planet. Nevertheless, it is balanced by scenes of extraordinary tenderness with another of Kirk’s past acquaintances. This episode covers the whole gamut of human experience, rather in the light of what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is gratifying that the script really explains everything that happened, in contrast to some senseless approach that permeates many other fantastic and sci-fi series with similar storylines (inexplicable appearances of people who cannot be there). And in fact in history there is a subtext - we, the people, have to “work” on our tension and fatigue in a certain way, or we simply do not function in a “normal” natural way. Also note the appearance of the very sweet Johan Burrows and the sudden absence of Johan Rand, who returned only after the first film, Track, in 79. I believe that after this episode even more Trek fans could not wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I leave this episode with the last, perhaps painful thought: if McCoy was killed (verified by Spock), how do we know that this was our real McCoy, who had returned to the ship? Perhaps this explains why McCoy was still testing spacecraft about a century later and got along very well with Data.
