Another childhood episode that, as an adult, I look back from another point of view. It was one of my favorite childhood episodes, which really reinforced my adoration of this show. However, after seeing this episode in 20 years, I would say that it is definitely one of the easiest, played for laughter and fun, instead of dramatic and well-built plot lines in previous episodes in this first and best season. Perhaps this episode was written for a little R & R fan too! As Mr. Spock would say, the story is simply not logical, but there are some funny lines, such as, of course, the last one at the end of Mr. Spock - when he asks the captain, McCoy and others if they enjoyed their R & R and they say yes, raises an eyebrow and says “Fascinating ...” just the way Mr. Spock could do this. An interesting storyline, of course, is the idea that the amusement park is really fun (for example, instead of the fake and often annoying “entertainment” of Disneyland), able to make your desires come true. A great idea indeed, but not very well executed. And if to proceed from Theodore Sturgeon, another of the great writers of short stories SF, which they used in the first season, you wonder how much was done with the script in which the sturgeon was turned. <br /> <br /> Now there are some little things that I learned on this very site: in 1987, James Gunn instituted the Theodore Osetra Award for Best Short-length Science Fiction. And I will quote the rest from this site: in 1968, he {Sturgeon} wrote “The Joy Machine”, the third script for the Star Trek {Amok Time the other}, which was never filmed. The main reason that he was not used in the series is that it contained expensive sequences of special effects that would be too big for their budget. However, the script was adapted into the book by science fiction writer James Gann (“Star Trek No. 80”, “Original Series”) and published in Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I would like to briefly say that this episode is still very pleasant, especially if you don’t think too much about it. Just laugh and enjoy it, and in the next episode we can get back to the serious things of protecting the universe.
