"The Hollow Man" begins with the fact that the brilliant but flawed scientist Dr. Sebastian Kane (Kevin Bacon) finally decides how to make things visible again after his own serum has become invisible. They test the serum on the already invisible Gorilla, and it works fine, Kane and his team of assistants are celebrating, but for now he has to report the breakthrough to his military patrons, Kane wants to become the first invisible person. He manages to convince his team to help him, and the procedure works well, and Kane becomes invisible, however, when they try to get him back, the serum fails, and he remains invisible. The team is desperately looking for an antidote, but nothing works, Kane slowly begins to lose control of reality, realizing the power he has, but cannot use it, being trapped in the laboratory. But on the other hand, he is invisible, right, he can do whatever he wants ... <br /> <br /> Director Paul Verhoeven. I rather liked Hollowin. You know that it was only after Christmas, I saw it a few hours ago on cable television late at night / early in the morning, and the worst part is that I feel sick, not because of the film, but because of chocolate and effervescent popularity, which I had last week, so I will keep it short. Andrew W. Marlowe’s script has a decent pace, but it is a little tense in the middle and has a good central premise; it takes the basic idea that invisibility will make you insane, like in the original “Invisible Man” (1933). ) a movie that Hollow Man obviously owes a lot. He manages to have a fine, lucky mix of horror, science fiction and action and provide good entertainment value for more than 110 minutes. I thought the character was okay, I thought some of the ideas in the film were good, although I think it’s common knowledge that Verhoeven doesn’t deal with subtlety, the first thing he does with invisible Kane is to sexually harass one of his teams & then, when he gets into the outside world, he forces Kane to rape a woman with the excuse "who knows" what Kane says to himself. Then, of course, there is blood, it shows that the rat is torn apart, and this is only the initial scene after the credits to be fair to him, violence is a little more rare this time, but still has a rather nasty and sadistic tone about it, Having said that I love horror / blood / exploitation films, so “Hollow Man” delivers them to me, it just might not be a cup of tea for everyone. <br /> <br /> Directed by Verhoeven does an excellent job with his work, or it must be special effects boys that make him look good. The special effects in Hollow Man are really impressive and more or less flawless, they are great and it's just as simple and clear. There are also some good horror and action sets, even if the climate battle is a bit overpriced. I like the effect when Kevin Bacon disappears one layer at a time with veins, organs and bones in a full show or when the opposite happens with Gorillo. There are several bloody moments, including the fact that they eat a rat, someone punctured a thorn, and someone smashed his head, and he has a splash of blood. <br /> <br /> With a staggering budget of $ 95,000,000, Hollow Man is technically flawless, I can imagine an interview on a DVD where some action movie with special effects say they plotted Bacon’s entire body down to the last vein which they actually did, because you know that everyone who looks will notice that one of his veins is missing or in the wrong position. is not it? Acting was fine, Bacon was created for a good mad scientist, tuned in to antiheroes. <br /> <br /> “Empty Man” is one of the huge Hallwood extravaganzas where effects and actions are central to any significant story. or character, but to be honest, sometimes we all like it in a film, well, I know what I know. Good big budget entertainment with a slightly more nasty and dark streak than a regular Hollywood product is definitely worth a look.
