It seems that many IMDB comments on this film are biased, in the sense that they are trying to compare it with the old version. Yes, “HOLLOW MAN” is a kind of remake of “INVISIBLE MAN”, but this is where the similarity ends. "HOLLOW MAN" - an entertaining movie, period. If you are watching a movie with the intention of finding as many flaws as possible, you should not watch movies first. True, some films are just awful and unbearable, but “MEN” manage to entertain and make you think what you would do if you were invisible and if your ex was fired with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon's stars are an eccentric scientist who, along with a team of employees, discovers a way to make animals invisible. Now his mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (working, as you might guess, at the Pentagon) thinks they have the formula to make animals visible again, Kevin Bacon will voluntarily be the first to try a new experimental drug. After that, of course, everything goes wrong, since Kevin Bacon remains invisible until the end of the film and is obliged to wear a latex mask so that his staff know where he is. The feeling of paranoia and despair begins to take on Kevin's character, and when he learns that his ex-girlfriend And co-worker (Elizabeth Shu) has a hot connection with another young scientist on the team, he finally snaps. The film then turns into a hybrid of "ALIEN" and a clicking slasher, but this does not mean that this is a bad turn. There are fears and chills, and the film moves at a good pace. The special effects are top notch (the quality that always prevails in ALL of Paul Verhoeven's films), as we can see some episodes of “body recovery” that have never been seen in the movies before. If there is anything to complain about, it may be that the situation is predictable here; by the first hour of the movie, you KNOW that Kevin Bacon will make the transition from the weird and eccentric to the killer crazy at the end. And the final is a bit harsh, but despite this, HOLLOW MAN is still worth seeing. If you want to find out THAT IS A REAL bad movie, then spend your money on FEAR DOT COM (with Stephen Dorf) or, even worse, UNTOLD (or Sasquatsh, with Land Henriksen). Now it is "emptiness"! 8 * out of 10 *!
