This is the ordinary nature of porn. For porn, I do not mean sex. I mean gratuitous images of (for example) thousands of birds together, or hundreds of walruses, or a giant waterfall or iceberg. Some shots in the film seem to exist solely to sneak into the trailer, so that people in cinemas watch it for all ten seconds before it disappears and is not seen again in the rest of the film. <Br /> <br /> There is almost no plot in this film. Said to expect the story of three families of animals, "better than March of the Penguins", the film simply does not deliver. The blame lies in three key areas: (1) the authors who gave James Earl Jones some of the worst lines to tell in the history of nature films, (2) a music team that overdramatized everything to tell you what you should feel, even when the film cannot motivate, and, finally, but most importantly (3) the editors who have had the story jump from place to place without rhyme or reason, without continuity, without flow, sucking the life out of the whole film — a film about life. When we got to the whales in the middle of the film, I sat back in horror with the horror of my seat, hoping not to hope that the film would pass more than half, and that I could survive the long endurance test with the animals on the screen. <br /> <br /> There was almost no science in the film either. They attributed hot and cold (all this, and not just the seasons) exclusively to the slope of the Earth, ignoring the fact that we would have even greater extremes from location to location if it were not for slope, because the poles would never heat up. And it would be worse if we did not have a rotation (in relation to the revolution), like in Mercury, because half the planet would bake, and the other half froze. Then, towards the end, they used the phrase “people and animals,” as if people were not animals, somehow freed from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> I have to credit the work of the camera, however, and again, so I call this nature of porn. Everything from super-slow motion to what looks like fine-tuned time-lapse with mechanical control, was used to provide some (and I warn you, only "some") awesome moments that raise the bar compared to other natural films. However, I am not sure that all of nature was on the screen. Some pictures showing a huge watering in Africa, which varied from season to season, seemed to me CGI. The director may have expected such suspicion and built in other shots to demonstrate that this is all natural, but they did not. <br /> <br /> For a film on Earth, I expected much more from Earth to be shown. What we saw was intact. We had to believe that the narrator said that some species are at risk due to climate change. They showed us no evidence of this. They did not show us Alberta's poisonous tailings, visible from space. They did not show us the great Pacific garbage whirlwind. They did not show us a night shot of human pollution with light around the planet. This is as much Earth as all the rest. Why hide it for a nice touch whitewash? <br /> <br /> My latest criticism of content is predation. Every time when a predator appeared on the screen, actually hunting prey, the music turned into almost that scene of Mt Doom from The Lord of the Rings, where the predator was portrayed as some kind of extremely evil Sauron character. But predators are not evil. They perform the necessary service, ensuring that the best representatives of species of prey survive. We are predators. Every time when a predator caught prey, we immediately cut off from something else, to pretend that death and food do not actually happen. The last insult was that the polar bear "dad" was left to die after he dared to try to eat. “Bad bear! Bad! ”, Almost audible as they say. <br /> <br /> At the presentation itself. My theater may be partly to blame for this, but perhaps not. I expected to see something more clearly than on my own HDTV LCD at home. But the picture was blurred and was presented in the same ratio of 16: 9, which I could get at home, and not in the wider ratio that many films get today. And during one of the action-packed scenes near the end, the film (I can’t imagine it happening digitally as it looked) was damaged, and we lost several colors, eventually completely obscuring. This happened about three times. <br /> <br /> If they really plant a tree on my behalf, it is worth it. But how will I know?
