The spoiler warning is intended for those people who want to see for themselves that animals and landscapes see in front of them, although I do not mention this in detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" - approx. A 90-minute movie version based on Planet Earth, which I watched all on BBC TV. The television version was told by the charming commentator David Attenborough, who, like I wanted, did it for “Earth,” but this is Patrick Stewart, Star of the Track Captain Picard. There are regular images of Earth from space, so this may be appropriate. In any case, he has a pretty good and calm voice for this. There are 12 chapters in which we trace the life of animals on Earth from the North Pole to Antarctica. Three families of animals, a polar bear, an elephant and a whale, are found in more than one of these parts. Each “chapter” begins with an indication of how far it is from the north pole or equator. We see something from every kind of animal, but only mammals and birds, and some fish, and some beautiful pictures of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungles, an almost perfect idea of ​​the diversity of life and landscapes and the climate on earth. It seems that only animals live on our planet: there are no people, villages or cities in the film, so this is a typical documentary about nature, but it’s amazingly filmed and accompanied by amazing music. When the film opened, I already knew that it would end for me soon. This is a family film, so no brutal killing of any animals. When a hunter catches someone, the shot ends, and in other cases, when we see how the prey is caught, it shoots in slow motion, which makes it less cruel and observable for young children (age limit 6 in the Netherlands). No blood is spilled. Some scenes (animals just born) are very cute and they are loved by children. It’s just like an ordinary film about nature, but when you know how many days (4000) were filmed and how much money it cost, it becomes an even more amazing piece of beauty. The premiere took place yesterday, a month before the release, in a cinema with 500 seats, 15 of which were occupied. It seems that real beauty is rarely interesting for movie lovers. As I knew the show, I was, of course, very curious if my favorite scenes would turn into this film. Some did not, but fortunately, the most impressive shots (big waterfalls) did. It was the first time I cried in a movie about nature.
