I have not heard anything except for the wonderful things about the 2006 television mini-series "Planet Earth", told by my childhood idol David Attenborough. However, was it shown here, in Australia, or not, I never caught up with it, and when did I have the opportunity to see “Earth (2007)” ?? full-length collection of the same material on the big screen, I took the opportunity. The theater was mostly empty; another patron was sitting in front of me, and I had the impression that I had not only the big screen, but the whole planet Earth. For 90 minutes, I was immersed in the beauty and dangers of isolated wildlife, among some of the most beautiful living things ever captured on film. Terrific in scope, but sometimes painfully intimate, “Earth” is the sincere request of cinematographers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet and how the invasion of people put countless glorious species of animals and plants to the brink of extinction. <br /> <br /> Although the film made by Alastaus Fothergill and Mark Linfield clearly proves the need to preserve wildlife, he refrains from beating us over the head with propaganda, and the political mystery is completely ignored; indeed, there is no person in sight. Instead, we simply embark on an exciting journey into the greatness of the natural world to experience resilience as well as the fragility of life on Earth. I heard that the original mini-series, which lasted eleven episodes, delves deeper into the scientific basis of the world's ecosystems, but I think that here the directors made the wise decision to replace information with emotional impact: I can I don’t remember the last time I felt yourself so inspired, and at the same time completely heartbroken. Having established an emotional connection between the audience and several separate animals, to some extent anthropomorphizing them, we can unexpectedly appreciate the “human side” of each species, and their hopeless position for survival becomes less statistical and more unacceptable tragedy. <br /> <br /> “Earth” consists mainly of a series of dramatic episodes, whether it be the struggle of a polar bear-female to bring her young cubs to the Arctic ice, or a tramp from a herd of elephants. to the salutary seasonal floods of the Okavango Delta. The documentary demonstrates a delicate balance between life and death, the most heartbreaking predator-prey in the desperate ballet of interactions. Although sometimes, perhaps, to serve a younger audience, the footage is cut off at the crucial moment, I regularly cry from the inevitability of death in nature and from the immense instinct that feeds the last hopeless survival efforts of these animals. On the hunt, you can find even haunting beauty, both in the slow-motion frame depicting a cheetah knocking down its victim (the result of a single fatal mistake) and a majestic leap into the air of the Great White Shark when it swallowed the hapless sea lion. It was this fragile balance that was fatally disturbed by the egoism of our own kind. <br /> <br /> In addition to these basic stories, we also view brief fragments of wildlife from around the world, including the birds of Papua New Guinea's paradise and the autumn migration of crane demox. Of course, entire films may have been devoted only to these species, and the inevitable consequence of the need to sift so much material is that some interesting ecosystems quickly disappeared. Choosing the most careful attention to the polar bear, elephant and humpback whale ?? tracing their lifestyle, through amazing high-resolution slow-motion, throughout the entire calendar year ?? the filmmakers were able to avoid any structural problems that may arise from the fact that so much needs to be shown, and in just 90 minutes to show it. Consequently, Earth made me crave for more, and, fortunately, I now have about eleven hours left as soon as I can find a copy of the DVD set for Planet Earth. "Earth" raises the spirits and tugs, inspires awe and heartbreaking effect. This is a truly brilliant documentary, and it may just be my favorite 2007 film.
