The Town Hall takes over the policies of the city, not the country, state or any other important political table. Of course, it shines in New York, which is a huge political arena, especially in our day, but it still goes on a smaller scale and puts the microscope on several key players in a citywide scandal that has stumbled upon the mayor's right hand. Director Harold Becker is a director familiar with the elements of the thriller that filmed Mercury Uprising, Maliciousness and Internal Unrest, and I think in many ways it includes so much of the formula thriller genre that it's almost mistake. I mean, city hall is a political drama, not a thriller, but instead, when everything is said and done, and when you get to the meat and potatoes in the film, it seems and looks like a thriller, but decent with a very important part recipe, which immediately highlights it ... what else ... or, rather, who else ... Al Pacino. The film begins with what gives you a really good look at life in the city hall and the inner workings of the city. As the film continues, he expands his political spectrum to include a democratic boss and his connections, and then we get to know some of the events in the city. As events unfold, a mystery begins, and the political aspect remains in the background, but it is still brilliantly tuned. <br /> <br /> I absolutely do not want to talk about Al Pacino. I mean, even if ONCE he did not give a good idea, how could I ever say that? Male Acting Royals. There is something brilliant in all his behavior. In the mayor of Pacino plays the mayor of New York. He has a sense of duty and honor, and he immediately becomes a very honest politician. He also makes one of the strongest and most overtly appealing speeches I have ever seen at the funeral of "James Bon". I revised this speech four times, and when I first saw Pacino say it, my mouth opened and I almost wanted to stand up and applaud. His brilliantly written and brilliantly delivered by Pacino. John Cusack, who I really enjoy as an actor, turns into a mediocre and overworking performance as Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. He seems to be the center of attention of the film, and he and Pacino have good chemistry together when they are on the screen, but there is something in this performance ... he seems to be trying too hard. His accent is just bizarre, and although he should be a thug and frightening, he doesn’t seem to be able to handle it. Maybe he made a movie? Bridget Fonda, coming out of her stellar glory, is a great lawyer for police widows, Marybeth Kogan. Her game is very similar to the game Cusack that she seems to simply not find her love for this character. Danny Aiello is awesome, although his character is a bit undervalued as a democratic boss with ties to the Mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau acts as a judge under the scrutiny of Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem with the city hall is evident in my review of the characters and actors. All is well. There are a lot of background that they are trying to uncover without actually showing it, and this, unfortunately, leaves you in some confusion about the whole plot. And, of course, you have Al Pacino in a rather small supporting role, but he is absolutely brilliant in this and eclipses and overshadows all the other actors in the film. It feels like he is scared by the fact that he was with them on the screen. Thus, the mayor’s office could have been this huge political epic drama / thriller, but it looked clipped and relaxed to an average run per mill, BUT it remains to be seen for Pacino and another turn in the internal politics. If you just don’t watch this movie, then you’ll find Pacino’s speech at James Bon’s funeral, because the word electrification doesn’t give him justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible, because in a mediocre movie, he pulls out this punch speech and makes you feel it. If you are a fan of John Cusack, which I am ... he definitely succeeded, but he is the main character, and in general he is seeking justice. Good movie, but unfortunately a potential loss. 7.5 / 10
