The film is about a classic theme. In fact, this concerns the topic used by Batman, from beginning to end, but in real data and details. The mayor of New York, recognized, very diligent and dynamic, in order to carry out a project a little faster than usual, lends itself to some pressure from some private contractors about the drug dealer who should have been sent and kept in prison, and he puts pressure on the judge to free him from probation, despite the negative probation report, which disappears but is not destroyed, if only because of the political value he represents. And what happened was to happen, and several people, including a black schoolboy, were killed in a shootout between a police detective and this criminal. The city may explode because of this: racial tensions due to a dark-skinned schoolchild and social tensions due to the vulnerability that such criminals can freely move and continue their criminal activities are presented to the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show this tension very well and is following the investigation of the first deputy mayor, who wants to find out the truth and finds out. But along the way, several witnesses are killed, and those who played a certain role in the whole business are forced to resign (judge) to finish their careers and lives (contractor or contractor’s middleman), a government employee who was ready to deliver term and some dubious nature after he provided some important information. The mayor himself resigns and goes on a long vacation; But the main interest of the film is to study the distortions that the mayor does to hide the problem, and the distortions that he remembers doing in the past led to an error in this trial period. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and that everything is gray, which never suits decision-makers, is used as an excuse for wrong, but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the necessary compromises to reach consensus in some areas that are crucial for the public interest. We are saying that it is less important to make a bad decision regarding some petty or supposedly petty criminal than any infrastructure or economic project in the city. This is not typical of New York. This is true in any city hall. It is simply more significant in quantity and quality in a large metropolis such as New York, and, of course, in a city or country where police departments are municipal and controlled by political imperatives. Thus, the young deputy mayor pushes away the old mayor, and he is undermining his ambitions to become governor of New York to become president of the United States. The mayor is ideal because Al Pacino offers us an incarnation, as he can express ten minutes of dialogue with one expression of his face, which makes the entire dialogue useless. I find the end a bit bland with the former deputy mayor campaigning on his own behalf. This seems to mean that he was so attached to justice, because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his own way. Therefore, he is no better than everyone else, just too young in his ambitions. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques CULARDO, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines
