Wow ... 5 more hours Righet. Lars continues the magnificent combination of occult, dark horror and soap opera. Selecting exactly where the last episode of the previous episode ended (complete with the same high intensity and voltage, although it does not last; for better or worse), this setting in the franchise seems somewhat more rush to ... in the last series, it seemed a day or a week passed between each episode, whereas in this, obviously, one long stretch ... where one episode ends, the next begins. Much can be said about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and rather eccentric. Both qualities show in this. The plot continues to evolve, now it pays more attention to ordinary characters, who were secondary players in the previous four episodes. Basically each character from the first comes back, at least as far as the main roles go. The step is not as sharp as in the first part, and I was less captured by this. This does not mean at all that this did not affect me, although ... I still found myself constantly observing and in some moments strongly, often loudly reacting to what was happening (extremely unusual behavior for me, since I am an incredibly silent person), as I and was during the first. Like the first, this also raises some loaded ethical issues. Building on the foundation from the very beginning, it moves the story further ... and, as a continuation, the scope is also greater. Grander More spirits, more strange occurrences, more plots. The strong graphic material of the first also returns, and it was raised a notch. Characters evolve further. The game is amazing, like the first one. Udo Kier is strengthening his tremendous talent for all who doubted it. Play a very complex character (anyone who has seen the first series will most likely understand what I mean) * and * play in a language he did not speak (he was later christened) ... and still give up the play so strongly . The cinematography remains magnificent and still very portable, with a rapid increase and a rare lengthy removal. Editing is clear, with several straight cuts of sound (although they were more noticeable in the first). Now, considering all the above, I would really like to be able to evaluate this ideal 10 ... or at least a little lower, as in the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching, and I don’t regret it in the least. But this one has flaws ... those that were in the first part and even more. First, the humor just takes up too much space ... and this time it's even worse. There are several new ordinary characters that exist for no other reason than to provide comic relief ... three of them, no less. Scenes are set and executed only in order to make the audience laugh. Perfect for a comedy, but what does she do in such a gloomy and unpleasant, yes, nothing but the sometimes sadistic horror film? Helmer's lonely secret nook of privacy was changed from the roof of the hospital ... from where he could see his beloved Sweden ... to the bathroom. With a corner from inside the bowl. No, you read it right. In general, humor seems more muffled ... more jokes about sex and bodily functions, which again begs the question "why?". While most of the writing is excellent, some of them are absolutely terrible. Several scenes are mostly copied from the first mini-series (you can guess about it because of their popularity when it went on the air). At times, the drama seems a bit more pompous than in the first, and sometimes jumps too much. Fortunately, rarely, but still noticeably, plot points and objects are explained too easily (a certain character lives in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... anyone who has seen this knows who I am talking about). Two dishwashers, still mysterious and insightful, are becoming too dodge ... too overexposed, in the end, I think. Most of the scenes with them are still enjoyable. In addition to this, I want to assure any reader that, despite all the negative points that I just wrote, it is still mostly good ... definitely nice, convincing, powerful ... and, in my humble opinion, this must be seen by anyone who liked the first one (although, if you belong to this group, do not expect the story to end after viewing this more than you did after the first). I recommend this to any Lars von Trier fan and to anyone who enjoyed the first Riget and wants more from where it came from. I urge anyone who is even considering viewing this, to make sure you saw everything first, before you do it ... I bought it before I bought it first, but I kept looking until I bought it first and looked at it, and I can't tell you how glad I am that I did. Although the first one contains a brief description of the events, there are a lot of details and aspects that you would have missed if you hadn’t seen it before viewing. A bit less continuation, but definitely another one worth seeing if you liked the first one. 8/10
