There is a danger when the critic / philosopher Slava Zizek with his film, shot by Sophie Fiennes, combines a wonderful mixture of silent, horror, sci-fi, surrealistic and other modern thrillers to make his comparisons of Freudian comparisons overloaded. But in the Pervert's Movie Guide, he also makes even more far-reaching points a starting point for any other analysis that I have seen in the collective section of films. While it does not cover the vast territory that Scorsese documentaries cover, there are the same investments, and Zizek has a certain love for all these “perverted” examples and films, primarily for the work of Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky . And yet you shouldn’t go into it - if you can find it, that is, I almost accidentally saw it - thinking that Zizek would simply try to disassemble all psychosexual parts or parts, referring to it in a dull, abnormal manner. If he reveals something in points that can never be considered otherwise, you can think of the three Marx brothers as representations of Eid, the Super-Ego and the Ego (Harpo, for me, is the most stupid for me). <Br /> <br /> He is not just one of those who take the classics, he also considers food for thought in The Matrix and Fight Club - in the idea of ​​a discrepancy between fantasy and reality, and if the matrix needs energy as much how much Energy needs a matrix for the first and attachment to violence when dealing with oneself, as well as double in the last. He even adds some of the turning point in Revenge of the Sith, when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the consequences of removing paternity under this mask in the back at the very moment when his children are born elsewhere. The ideals of fatherhood, male sexuality, the male point of view on the transformation of fantasy into reality (which Zizek rightly points out at the moment of the creation of the nightmare), and the female subjectivity are explored, perhaps most dead with dizziness. This also applies to the scene in which Zizek deconstructs, as if it were the film “Zapruder”, in which he analyzes the three clashing points of the psychosexual position in the scene “don't look at me” in “Blue Velvet”. <br /> <br /> Now it would be one if Жižek himself did so that these sincere, agitated and somehow believable points were turned towards the camera or, mainly, in the voice acting, as Scorsese does. But he takes one more step to emphasize his moments of fantasy and reality, as well as how they intersect, intersect, become one and the same, or, more importantly, spread in some other world or the original feeling of some characters ( for example, Lost Highway), putting yourself In the places where movies take place. The fannist sees him for the first time in a boat “heading” to the same wharf, to which the Tippi boat leaves at the beginning of the Birds; equally funny when he waters the lawn of Blue Velvet, he goes on to explain the multifaceted moments of Frank Booth; only one, when it is located on a territory similar to Solaris, seems a bit silly. But Zizek seems to have a lot of fun with this installation, and after a while you can bypass the potential essence of this trick, and Zizek's words become clear. <br /> <br /> There were several films that I, of course, would like I expected, mainly from Hitchcock and Lynch, but movie lovers enjoy watching two things - films that no one could have thought of in the film about the film entitled “The Pervert Cinematography Guide” (the two best films for me would be Disney’s Cartoon of Pluto and the exposition of Chaplin’s films, albeit with a great note about the strength and distinction of “voice”), and those that no one has ever seen ( for example, the ventriloquist horror film, Dr. Mabuz, Stalker, among several friends them), which evoke the immediate feeling of “wow, I must see it immediately, without question.” Zizek is a powerful writer with his work, and he puts it forward with clarity, which reminds us why we watch films in the first place, for fun, of course, but also to have real experience of sitting and having something there, as he put it, looking into the toilet. This is probably one of the greatest films about cinema, and in such a wonderfully narrow analysis of how Freud makes his way into films about desire, Id / Super Ego / Ego and about the supernatural in fantasy that you will never see. ... unless distribution begins, at least on the smallest levels.
