“Cinema is a perfect perverted art. It does not give you what you want, it tells you how to desire. ” <br /> <br /> This is the beginning of the “Pervert Movie Guide”, in which the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slava Zizek applies his Freudian-Lacan brain scalpel to world cinema. This three-part film is the second documentary by director Sophie Fiennes (yes, the sisters of Ralph and Joseph), and it is a remarkable achievement: he talks about two and a half hours of conversation from one person, and at the same time remains humorous and attractive throughout. In fact, this is an extended lecture about the film, and one of the best you can get. Throughout the film Zizek leads us through a catalog of obsession and desire in the history of cinema. It affects more than 40 films and, in particular, spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, the Marx brothers and Eisenstein. But he also carefully looks at “Person”, “Conversation”, “Three Colors: Blue”, “Dogville”, “Fight Club” and “Exorcist”. Thematically, the study of Life in the cinema ranges from thoughts of a death drive to "coordinates of desire" and from Gnosticism to "partial objects". <br /> <br /> The “pervert guide” will be a little better if you spend a few minutes to become aware of your basic Freudian terminology. However, even if you are not immersed in psychoanalytic theory, Zhizak's dynamic and cheerful personality promotes the film with such pleasure that you are unlikely to withstand a specialized language. The film often moves from fragments of a film to images of Zizek * inside * the film about which he speaks, that is, in original places and scenery. Transitions in these sequences withstand such tension and humor that the trick never gets old. And Zizek himself constantly makes us laugh, either because of bizarre little jokes, or because of his enthusiastic perseverance, for example, in the bold oedipal interpretation of "Birds". And this benevolent and ridiculous position, both from Fiennes and Zizek, is important for the gonzo character of the film. A spoon of sugar helps us to digest the strange medicine of Zizek. After all, doesn’t we all have a feeling that theorists of psychology are simply pulling at our feet after a certain moment?
