He is squat, sweaty, slightly cross-eyed and restless. He stands before us and calls himself a pervert. He claims we are ?? movie viewers ?? See the screen as a toilet, and everyone secretly wants everything to explode from the inside. He is unpredictable and scary. Well??? C'mon, you could already guess: he is one of the leading philosophers of our age. <br /> <br /> Slava is both the narrator and the theme of the unusually new film Sophie Fiennes, the pervert's Guide to the movies. Fiennes illustrates a full-length lecture written by X and does it in two ways: by providing exemplary video clips and putting “I” in real (or reconstructed) scenes from the films he talks about. It is always nice to watch neatly filmed scenes from great movies (although Revenge of the Sith also got here), but the main attraction of A Pervert's Guide ?? it's me myself. What makes a film so interesting to watch is an irrefutable question that cannot but be asked, but asked again and again: what is more outrageous, the views of Irek or the presence of Ian on the screen? In the documentary film Astra Taylor (?? i? Ek!, 05), the Slovenian philosopher once admitted his fear of silence. Because, according to him, he feels that he does not exist at all, the only way to make everyone else believe that he does this is to speak constantly and feverishly. And talk he did, and how. Also guide pervert ?? dominates his voice ?? deliver perfect English in the craziest way and make some amazing remarks about the movie theater. <br /> <br /> What is it? Well, for example, he sees Chaplin’s reluctance towards the talking picture as a sign of a general fear of the voice itself (a kind of alien force that has captured a person - remember the ventriloking segment Dead of Night [45]). He says that the perverted nature of cinema is to teach us to desire certain objects, and not to provide them with them. He identifies Groucho Marx as super-ego, Chico as ego, and Harpo as identifier. He says a million other interesting things, and all the time we can't take our eyes off him, so convincing (and charming) are his looks. At some point I could not help but look at his thick, dirty hair and wonder what kind of brain lies beneath. The desire, of course, to a deeper understanding. <br /> <br /> The most noticeable are the readings of Lynch and Hitchcock, which are not surprising (since he wrote about both of them). The cumulative effect of many brilliantly edited clips from their respective works made these parts of the lecture memorable and unforgettable. unlike the others ?? it’s hard to argue with him, as he seems to really understand everything correctly with these two directors. This does not apply to his reading, for example, of Tarkovsky, to whom he unswervingly imposes his completely materialistic view of reality, rejecting exactly what is so remarkable in all of Tarkovsky (namely, strong religious intuition and images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether it is inspiring and brilliant, because it is there; or whether to watch the movie Fiennes, because he, too. In fact, the question is rather: do the views agree? One clever observation of another makes an incredible intellectual journey, but after all this ends, some doubts remain. For example: considering "Dizziness" (58), he argues that what is hidden behind a human face is a perfect void that turns the face itself into only a facade: something like deception in its own means. However, when in the final sequence we hear that the ever-stunning finale of the City Lights (31) is a portrait of one person fully exposed to another, it is difficult not to ask: what happened to the whole facade? ? Why should we give Chaplin the true value of the real thing and deprive Kim Novak of the same privilege with two bold strokes ??? Or maybe this discrepancy can also be read in Lacan terms? (The name of the notoriously “unreadable” French psychoanalyst is fundamental for reflection.) The film has all the merits of a magnificent two and a half lecture hours: a lot of material is lit, many points of view are hired, even some first-class wise men have done (when he travels by boat, Melanie Daniels from The Birds [63] and trying to think like her, he comes up with: "I want f ** k Mitch!"). But he also has one drawback, which is not inherent in the lecture for two and a half hours as such: it is almost oder Imo distracting. Ek's yarn about how far we are from Real is as good as any other psychoanalytic thread, but after about 80 minutes it becomes quite clear that one of Eric's perverse pleasures is to wander and continue, changing objects all the time. The overall effect is that you are swept away by a giant, steep, hissing wave: you are simultaneously taken by surprise, refreshed, in mortal danger and not entangled in infinity. When you finish watching, your head is filled with ideas that are not yours, and are you already planning to watch some films ?? but you also share the feeling of having experienced a disaster. <br /> <br /> The main question: has he lost? Or we did not even come close to the real thing? As soon as cinephilia becomes punishable with imprisonment, we will all meet in one big cell and finally talk to each other (not having films around to turn around). I dare you all: who has the courage to approach him and challenge him? I assume that as soon as you look into these eyes in real life, you will become a believer.
