Her Deadly Rivalry (1995): Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Mafia, Robert S. Traveler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbah, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Fry, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lentholl Laurie Lindberg, Chuck Kinlou Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, E Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford .... Directed by James Heyman, screenplay Dan Weining. <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hamlin (LA fame by law, “The Battle of the Titans” and other films) seems to play well in this movie “Lifelong”, filmed by James Hayman and released in 1995. Later, he and his wife Lisa Wrynn will star in the film. about sexual addiction. Her Deadly Rival, at first glance, looks like the more famous Hollywood box office hit Fatal Attraction. At Rival, happy married couples Jim and Chris Lanford are moving to a new home in typically beautiful suburbs. They seem to have the perfect marriage - they are deeply in love, despite the routine lifestyle. But then the mysterious fan looks at Jim. Her identity is never revealed, despite Jim and even the investigators trying to figure out who she is. She constantly haunts Jim with phone calls and letters. His marriage is almost crumbling, as his wife begins to think that he has an affair and tries to hide it. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the actors - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Deele, Roma Maffia, Robert S. Traveler, DL Anderson, William Blair - seem straight from the soap opera. But this is a very tense drama, which has its good points. At the end there is a turn. Beware, spoilers. All I have to say is that “her deadly rival” was only herself. Based on a supposedly factual case, Jim Chris's wife suffered from multiple personality disorders, and this ruined her marriage. Even if the story is not very impressive, even if the acting is only a step higher than the acting role in the soap opera, this film has its moments. Intimate scenes between Jim and his wife are especially touching, and the final scene, in which, when Jim finds out the truth, he cannot believe what he has just heard. The film is probably a bit too long and boring in some parts, but it is a type of television film that usually succeeds, especially in “Lifetime”, which continues to produce films of this type, such as “home thriller,” or seduction stories. Garbage, but everyone loves garbage.
