Everyone has a first love, and although this feeling is difficult to determine when you are younger, it hurts inside you. This is what the Malaysian director Yasmin Ahmad seeks to prove in his fourth film - a film in which this most difficult of emotions is told in a deceptively simple, simple way. <br /> <br /> This approach is especially useful in this case. Because the love story at the heart of the film affects two twelve-year-olds, and therefore any attempts at a “deeper” analysis seem far-fetched and pretentious. The fact that they do not do this also testifies to the striking performances of the leading non-actors Sharifa Aryana and Mohd Syafi Naswip. The first is played by Orked (already known as an adult character in the previous film by Ahmad, Gubra), a lively, almost rebellious girl who, perhaps under the influence of her “British” upbringing (her mother studied in England), despises playing with dolls, preferring to play Sports with guys. Then one day she meets Mukhsin (Naswip), who came to spend the holidays in his aunt's house, and suddenly she changes her habits: goodbye fist fights, healthy cycling and climbing trees. But what does it mean? Are they just friends or something more implicit, something that none of them are ready to understand yet, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> Given the young age of the main characters, the answers to these questions border on the impossible, and therefore As in several “smaller” films (“Lost in translation” comes to mind), there is no real short circuit, no choice, which leaves a bittersweet, but ultimately a satisfactory aftertaste: the naturalistic, unfiltered action (especially Ariana) almost immediately hits the heart and a strong supporting cast (the Orked family most) helps keep the minimalist tale fun and seductive. The real approach is not always so effective (the funny story about the adulterous neighbor is discarded too early), and it’s hard to justify the freakish reference “Pulp Fiction” at the beginning of the plot, but the emotional power of the teenage romance is enough to make it an interesting piece of independent Asian cinema.
