The film begins in the classroom, where it is not surprising that our main actress Orked was spotted in a Chinese class. Later in the film she was asked why (according to Muhsin) she was sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for the child she is; because she already knows Malay well. <br /> <br /> This is a bit romantic, you might think, but as soon as you stop reading too many critics and go for it, you will notice typical elements of Malaysia. The film focuses on 10-year-old Orked, who met 12-year-old Muhsin in a game that many people think is a boy's game. Due to the lack of players, Muhsin (who was a novice in this village) was forced to admit Orked to a game in which she impatiently showed her male side. Orked is not such an ordinary girl, as she portrays more masculine behavior, as you will see in the film, defending Muhsin from a violent encounter with her school hooligans, throwing one of the bully’s bags out of the school bus window, throwing punches and kicking Brother Muhsin, where after as he mocked Mukhsin and so on and so forth. Both were amazing friends and kept closer to this, but with the slightest misunderstanding, to which most of us would have answered equally, we parted with them both before the day when Muhsin left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the film depicts the first love between Orked and Muhsin, they began as friends, but gradually evolved into a slightly closer relationship, and then to BGR. You will notice what changes Yasmin made to the movies for each of the main actors and actresses when they experience love. The other character was portrayed with zeal and gentle humor. All the scenes were random, but there was so much reality in them that you were stuck on the screen for a long time. You will like the movie as it is, and not because you want to be patriotic in relation to local scenes, because it means so much more. <br /> <br /> Since the film covers two birds in love, he also manages to find his lens for Orked's parents, her mother, who was educated in England, speaks very good English and in which her husband and caretaker in a house with a very big attempt to try to respond to your own kind of English, which was all humor. Let me explain to you why humor can be such a prominent thing in this film. And this explanation or description, which you can portray, can only be given in one word, and it is RANDOMNESS. Often we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do this, we do it at the expense of others. It's like in Jack Neo’s “Just Follow the Law” - often when we ourselves, we don’t see in ourselves the person we are, but only when we are in the body of another person, then only we learn to see who we are in fact. And this is the same as humor. It is more than just virtue. <br /> <br /> The film was filled with such an accident that the typical facts of our daily life that we did could be completely filled with laughter if we wanted it to be. <br /> <br /> Another theme of this film was about how Orked's neighbor, a couple in which the husband no longer loves his wife, and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi, after he got the nickname, saw him polishing his motorcycle every day and taking him for a walk with his newly found girlfriend. The producer did not fail to show you, perhaps, why the husband wanted to find another wife. The wife was a real prankster or a KPC, as we, the Chinese, call it, interfering in the affairs of other people and sending our daughter to tease Orc, using words that only adults will use. In the end, what happens around comes around, and probably that is why something bad seems to happen to her. At any time, being nice to others doesn’t hurt at all, unless you have the ego to protect, but again, what does it cost? The film also tells about Mukhsin's brother, Hussein, who every day until late at night went to the city, smoked, drank, and also found "girls." He is the exact opposite of Muhsin, but this is all due to family problems. Both brothers lived with their aunt, and their parents were far away from them. I will not reveal more of the storyline, as this would spoil most of the interest in wanting to find out for myself, but the smallest of all the elements in which the producer wanted to send a message to the audience is our life. She wanted us, I, at least, to look at life from our point of view, when we are not ourselves. Movies in some way, take us out of our body, put us in a character position, and then use our empty mind to look at what is happening. Depending on the type and genre of the film, you will be hypnotized by how a good film like this will make a significant impact on you.
