Muhsin is a wonderful film about the first love story. Everyone probably has one, and this is the story of writer-director Yasmin Ahmad with a boy named Muhsin. We know that her films were kind of semi-autobiographical, with scenes based on her personal experience, and it is this separation and transmission of these emotions to the big screen that makes her films always radiate warm sincerity and honesty. Muhsin is no different and is probably the most flawless and confident work to date (although I must add, as a personal bias, that the Sepet still holds a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our beloved family back is Pak Atan, Mac Inom, Orked, and Kak Yam, although this time we will return to the moment when Orked turns 10 years old. All the characters are younger from the films with which we traveled, from Rabun to Gubra, and now, the Sisters Sharifa Amani Sharif Aryan and Sharif Aley take the roles of Orked and Mac Inom respectively, which may explain their excellent chemistry on the screen, despite the fact that they do not play the role of brothers and sisters. It seems that the only constant is like the pit played by Adiba Nur, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Through the film Mukshina we go full circle with the characters and the world in which Yasmin introduced us. We come to know and understand the family in a bit more detail, on the days when they are still living in their kampun (newly visited in Rabun), where Orked is attending a Chinese school, and delivers some serious combinations of blows (and you are surprised at the energy burst in Gubra Well, she was in it from a young age!). An unfading “masak-masak” with girls, a constant tomboy and a crazy child in the family, she prefers to play with the boys in games, and her favorite hikes are to go to football matches with her family. <br /> <br /> Arriving in the village of a boy named Muhsin (Mohd Safi Naswip) gives Orked an excellent opportunity to socialize and socialize - ride a bike through the villages, climb trees, fly kites. And as something that it is desirable to explore, the intersection of this line between friendship and romance, both are wonderful emotions. <br /> <br /> Muhsin has his impudent moments that enliven history and cause laughter, because some of the incidents we would have experienced it ourselves, and sometimes would have served as a return to our own recollection of childhood. In short, these scenes shouted "fun"! We observe life in a typical campung, where some neighbors are very nice, and others are curious parks and rumor traders who spread bad rumors because of envy. Two more family events can be seen: one from the nearest neighbor, and the other from Mukhsin himself, both of which serve as adequate subjects and contrasted with Orked's own work. <br /> <br /> As always, Yasmin’s films are filled with great music and there’s something special for Muhsin: the song “Hujan” written by her father, as well as “Ne Me Quitte Pas”, successfully used in the movie. Considering that Yasmin’s films have so far focused around the same characters, the beauty of this is that you can watch them as separate, or when they are watched and put together, they create an exciting family drama dedicated to individual topics and universal issues. such as interracial romance, love and forgiveness. Fans will surely see a lot of links in Muhsin to earlier films, while new viewers will certainly be interested to know why and the significance of repetitive characters or events, such as that chubby boy who steals glances at Orked. <br /> <And, if we talk about why parts of Mukhsin are also curious open, which is probably characteristic of the Yasmin style, or intentionally left as such. I thought that as a story about childhood, remembered from memory, that is, the details that are likely to be omitted. And subtly, I felt that Muhsin demonstrated it perfectly, with not very detailed details and an emphasis on what can be remembered in the important episodes between them. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended movie, and a rare one that I feel is suitable for all ages - take your little brother or sister with you!
