If you want to know something about the Spanish Civil War, as well as all the political details and intrigues, let me say that you have chosen the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This vision of war itself has happened in Majorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When such a war takes place on a small island that almost immediately takes the position of a traitor, there is no war in the open. Soldiers are sent to the front to fight, on the mainland, while another war takes place at home, on a small island. There, neighbors tell other neighbors, sometimes because their political views contradict the new regime, but many people talk about it because of old family quarrels, or maybe a silent introvert who has no friends, someone who wants to say ” earn a few points. "And these things do not occur in the open air. True, there were several tests, but in many other cases people woke up in the middle of the night, were taken out of their homes to the nearest cemetery where they were killed. And the next morning the bodies will be found, and people will have pr The story of what happened, but no one dares to say or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers killing someone they have never seen in their lives. We are talking about people killing their neighbors, and the next day they greeted their widow and even those present at the funeral of the guy they killed. We are talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knows everyone. <br /> <br /> I'm from that small island, and I heard stories that my grandparents told me, and I must say that this film m upset me, oh yeah, did it; but I also found it amazingly beautiful and moving. The initial violence is not what the director or the writer came up with, this is what happened during this war. A child, knowing that his friend's dad is in a Nazi squad that killed him? Quite possible. Did all this happen later? Maybe too. Tuberculosis was also real. At that time, my island was not the resort he became. People were poor, illiterate and worked on small farms. After the war there were hard times. <br /> <br /> So in this film you will not find the history of the war, or at least the history of the war you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the most vile kind of war that happens when space is limited (just check the size of the island), when neighbors fight their neighbors, when family members fight each other, and they live in a place where everyone knows everyone. You will find a story about the damage that this particular type of war can inflict on people, and how they survived this damage, or maybe not. <br /> <br /> I have to mention the excellent work done by the authors who adapted the novel, and by all the actors who managed to sound truly Mallorcan. It was wonderful.
