(Including SPOILERS) This film is definitely the best work of Amicus I've ever seen (although I still have a lot to check out). “The house in which blood dripped” is an all-consuming horror — an anthology containing four supernatural stories with the participation of residents of a vicious, hellish house in the British countryside. A common mistake in such productions is the waste of energy on history, which binds individual stories. Peter Duffel's film wisely ignores this. He simply describes the inspector of Scotland Yard, who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant, and that's how he learns about the strange events that occurred there before. All four stories in this movie are of high quality, and together they create the perfect utility. Great hopes have been placed on this film, since it was written entirely by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel, which led to the brilliant horror event "Psycho" ?? We also celebrate Peter Duffel’s solid and very professional debut as a director. <br /> <br /> Four stories ?? chapters if you will ?? in the House where blood was dripping, there is a good variety of topics, but they are (almost) equally frightening and creepy. Number one tells about the author of horror, who comes to the house with his wife to find inspiration for his new book. It starts very well, but after a while he is haunted and pursued by the villain of his own imagination. The idea in this tale is not quite original, but it is very tense, and the climax is rather unexpected. The second story of the stars (Hummer), the horror legends of Peter Cushing as a former stockbroker. Still pursued by the image of unreachable and long-lost love, he faces a wax statue that looks exactly like her. Cushing is a joy to watch as always and although the topic of the Wax Museums is not new ?? This story looks altogether fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains a couple of delightful shock moments and a constant tense atmosphere. This is a terrific warm-up for what may be the BEST story: number 3. Another legendary actor is in this, because Christopher Lee plays the flawless image of a scared father. He is very strict and strict towards his little daughter and keeps her in isolation from the outside world. No wonder the little girl shows a strange passion for witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to Lee’s great acting skills and Chloe Franks' wonderful performance as a frightening child, this story also has an amazing gothic atmosphere! Devilish shades in this story, along with the terrible sound effects of thunder, make this story a must for true horror fans. The fourth and final story, in which the vain horror actor is controlled by the vampire cloak that he wears is a little weaker than others when it comes to tension and trust, but the overload of subtle humor more or less compensates for this. In this story there is even a little room for parody, since the main character refers to his colleague Christopher Lee in the TV series "Dracula"! The most memorable element in this last chapter is the presence of the gorgeous Ingrid Pitt! The cult-queen from "Vampire Lovers" is certainly one of the many highlights in the film, in particular its split. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt about it. "The house in which blood dripped" will be appreciated by fans of classic horror. I truly believe that with some preparation for the mood, it may be one of the few films that scare you and leave a great impression. Intelligent and irresistible horror, as it should be! Highly recommended. Another small note: this film can not be repeated, it can under no circumstances be confused with the "hostel in which blood dripped." This last one is a very annoying and lousy 80s underground slasher that has nothing to do with this movie, except for the name it stole.
