The British production company Amicus is usually known as a specialist in horror anthologies, and this great omnibus called “The House That Has Dribbled Blood” is undoubtedly the best Amicus product I have seen so far (admittedly there is plenty to be seen, though). “The house that drains blood” consists of four delightfully creepy tales, located in the same creepy mansion. These four stories are presented to you in a surprisingly Gothic atmosphere and with one of the best performances of the ensemble. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors in history), as well as Denholm Elliott and delightful star Ingrid Pitt in this film - so what could a real horror fan afford to miss? Nobody, of course, and the film can offer much more than just a great cast. “The house in which blood was dripping” revolves around an eerie rural mansion in which strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells about four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story “The method of murder” tells the story of the novelist The Terror Charles Hiller (Denholm Elliott), who moves into the house. With his wife. Having moved inside, the writer suddenly felt that he was being pursued by the maniac of his own creation ... The first episode is a great start to the film. The story is creepy and dark everywhere, and the performances are generally very good. <br /> <br /> In the second story, “Waxworks,” former businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) enters the house and suddenly feels drawn to the mysterious Wax Museum in a nearby city ... The Great Peter Cushing again demonstrates great performance, and the rest of the performances are also very good. The tale is delightfully strange, and the second of the best in the film after the third. <br /> <br /> The third fairy tale, "Sweets To The Sweet", is by far the most terrible and the brightest of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves in with his little daughter. The private teacher and nanny Mrs. Norton, whom Mr. Reed hired to train his daughter, is shocked by his employer's strictness towards his daughter and is eager to find out why an overprotected father’s views on education can ... The best segment supports a very eerie atmosphere and indeed scary plot. Christopher Lee, as always, is great in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as a nanny, and my special praise is the then 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This brilliant episode alone makes the film a must-see for every true horror fan. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, horror actor Paul Henderson (John Pertwie) moves into the house with his sexual mistress / coauthor. Carl Star (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is a satire, more than horror indeed. However, this is a very funny satire, and there are many hints of other horror films. At some point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who plays a major role in the previous, third segment ... <br /> <br /> All four segments have a delightfully eerie sense of humor and a great atmosphere. As mentioned above, the third segment is by far the most eerie and greatest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often eerie humorous horror stories that every horror lover should appreciate. The graceful atmosphere, dark sense of humor, genuine greed and brilliant cast make it a must-see. In short: “The house in which blood dripped” is an excellent omnibus of horrors that no lover of British horror could afford to miss. Highly recommended!
