Unhurried inspector Hollveyveyi (solid turn of John Bennett) investigates the disappearance of the famous rogue and reveals the evil story of a terrible old house. The first and most mundane story, “The Killing Method” - Successful author Charles Hillier (well-played by Denholm Elliott) frequently visits images of the murderous villain, whom he writes about in his latest book. Although this particular case is too obvious and predictable to be something special, it nevertheless leads to the true conclusion of this unexpected finale. The second and most acute joke, "Waxworks" - Lonely Phillip Grayson (always distinguished Peter Cushing) and his equally lonely friend Neville Rogers (gorgeous Joss Ackland) are both addicted to the attractive wax statue of a beautiful but deadly killer. The third and most frightening Sweet To Sweet vignette - a quiet, discreet and secretive widower John Reid (typically a terrific Christopher Lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role) hires nanny Anne Norton (the beautiful Porter Dawn Dawn) to look after his seemingly sweet and harmless Jane's daughter (amazingly creepy and unnerving performance of charming Chloe Franks). This outstanding scary episode received significant alarming support from the exceptional role of the gifted child actress Franks, who demonstrates a truly disturbing feeling of serene evil hiding under deceptively sweet and innocent angelic plywood. The fourth and most amusing yarn - “The Cloak” - the pompous star of the horror film Paul Henderson (delightedly composed by the arrogant handle of John Pertouille) buys a mysterious cloak that makes him turn into a vampire whenever he wears it. This item makes for a wacky fun and wins even more from the incredibly lush presence of juicy Ingrid Pitt as seductive vampire Carla. Directed by Peter Duffell, who works from the delightfully creepy and witty script of the famous horror scribe Robert Bloch, he maintains a rapid pace and copes with the task of creating a suitable creepy atmosphere. Kudos also for clear cinematography by Ray Parslow and Michael Dress's trembling score. It is strongly recommended to omnibus fare lovers.
