I admit that I was biased when I reviewed this, as this was my introduction to the series. I first saw this film in 2005 late Friday evening at AMC on Fear Friday, which often pulls obscure jewels like this from cold storage for new generations. I decided to look at the entire series of Amicus anthologies, before examining any of them here, to make sure that I have a perspective. Looking back, I still rate “House with dripping blood” as my favorite, and Tales from the Crypt, and then Asylum, are closely watching him. <br /> <br /> I think that all the elements that make this series charming are vintage cinema in the style of the 60s / 70s, creepy to bizarre, contrived tales and absolute Britishness of all this, down to minus music ---- gathered here is better than everyone else. The film tells about a very old English country house and the misfortune that befalls everything that lives inside. <br /> <br /> The first story tells about the horror writer and his wife, who moved to this secluded place to take a break from the city so that he could focus on his passion. He creates a murderous character named Dominic and soon begins to experience great difficulties telling reality from fiction. Because of his torment, thin physichedelia is felt here, which seemed funny to me, but still terrible. Oh, and these terrible abutment teeth (again, these are British actors, perhaps they were REAL !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is a story about a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who moved here to escape his loneliness, but it only gets worse as lost love haunts him. It seems that he found a possible rescue in the local (very creepy) wax museum, but it turns out he would be much better alone ....... <br /> <br /> The third story includes the great Christopher Lee (my favorite British horror actor) as a single father with a rather excited and completely creepy young daughter. He constantly fears her falling into things that she should not - like witchcraft! She has a natural talent for this, and for this there is every reason. Lee is excellent here as an ice discipline, this man has a real talent for playing characters who are completely without warmth !! But, despite all his efforts, a little troublemaker really studies forbidden knowledge, and bad things follow ...... <br /> <br /> This last story is a story about a cynical old veteran actor who feels like as a young director, he works with an unqualified director to make the right vampire film, right down to the quality of the costumes and his cloak in particular. In the middle of a foggy night, he goes to the old shop to get something more “authentic.” Little did he know that he took a truly vampire cloak! Turning it on at midnight has quite noticeable consequences. By the time I got to this fourth and last story, it was after 3 am, and I could not be up on my first attempt (not from boredom). But I experienced something that I experienced hundreds of times, a curious experience of dealing with movies or music when I fell asleep and went out of it, and film / music became part of my dream !! Great pleasure!! This strange story was perfect for this and seemed much more terrible for the first time than it really was, because I woke up straight when it was raised by the force of a raincoat and could not understand what was happening at the beginning. Soon after, beautiful Ingrid Pitt, a colleague on the set, came to visit him, and he warned her not to wear a raincoat at midnight - but he didn’t need to worry, because she herself was a real vampire. The ringing ringing sound of the keyboard as she flew up the stairs to him was just hysterical !! And again, in my half awake state, I looked rather strange! Note: Be sure to catch Lee and Pitt with the stunning Amicus star Britt Eckland in the classic film of all time, The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link here was the alternating comment between the stories, but based on the stories themselves, this is a classic! Objectively, I would say that the third story is the best, but I like the fourth one the most, because it makes me smile so much. It is highly recommended for horror fans, and if you are a British horror fan, this is a must! I would say that it is worth seeing the series in chronological order, if you can. The last film of this series, Monster Club (1980), is by far the weakest. I think the first 3-4 films, with the exception of the sometimes mediocre Torture Garden (1967), are the best, but if you like any of them, you should watch them all at least once. You will probably come back many times to watch your loved ones.
