Linking the story: one more first preview for me, and, again, this is one of the most popular anthologies of Amicus - and it's easy to understand why, although I understand how the rather meaningless title of the film can mislead some; Of course, I found the choice of director Peter Duffell - DEATH AND A GIRL (by the way, this is the classic play by Schubert, which can be heard in the film during the episode with Peter Cushing) - much more. Although the communication device itself is not so great, the episodes are equally attractive and enjoyable. Production values ​​are very respectable for the budget, which Duffel had to work with. The latter fills the film with a great style that is not so often found in films of this type, and, frankly, it is regrettable that he wanted to distance himself from the genre (although, rather than being typographical, rather than because he felt what was it under him). <br /> <br /> Now about the individual stories themselves: <br /> <br /> “The method of killing”: the initial segment does not present any real surprises, but in order to fill it up, it occasionally quietly strains from time to time and, accordingly, becomes creepy (“fictional” villain Tom Adams, similar to the long-lost brother of Boris Karloff from the OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); in addition, it ends with a satisfactory turnaround of the DIABOLIQUE type and plays a rather intense role for the main role for Denholm Elliot. That's all we need from this, really. <br /> <br /> “Waxworks”: for the second story, we are introduced to an unusually romantic mood, which is rather unusual for this type of film; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both excellent (and immaculately dressed) in their roles as two charming mistresses of a woman who continues to win them even after such a long time, and whose friendly rivalry can only lead them blindly and inexorably to a fate that is literally worse than death; The ominous scene of hallucinations with Peter Cushing is pretty well done due to the limited resources available, and Ackland's inexplicable inability — or reluctance — to leave the city is somewhat reminiscent of Buunuel’s “terrible angel” aristocrats (1962). <br /> <br /> Sweet Sweets: this is probably the best episode of all - thanks to his ambiguous role here, Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate his versatility, and Nairi Don Donter's understanding and Chloe’s deceptive innocence Franks (who appears as Lee's daughter). The film about the occult here is thin and mature, the culmination of which is a powerful and extremely frightening "curtain". Trivia: Chloe Franks seems to be an adult in a foulith included in the disc, and when I saw her, I felt a direct acquaintance with her face, but could not figure out how to do it. Later, reading her filmography, I learned that she played a major role in the long film adaptation of Agatha Christie's Mousetrap in the London West End, which we were lucky to catch with my brother while we were there on vacation in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, at that time we had no idea that she had once created such a delicate — and delightful — image of pure evil, mainly due to her peculiar appearance and devilish smile !! <br /> <br /> “The Cloak”: a stupid, but strangely reverent story about vampires (which still manages to debunk many of the myths associated with the subgenre, and at the same time invent some new ones!), in which amazing excavations take place exploiting the movie and, at some point, Christopher Lee himself!; John Pertwee is marvelous, like a marching horror star who gets more than he expected when he tries to bring a measure of authenticity to his work; Ingrid Pitt perfectly conveys her image, although her role is somewhat auxiliary; Jeffrey Baildon (coined to look like Ernest Teziger) also has an intricate whimsical feature; The silent cinema style of the finale was rather audacious to attract an audience, and I believe that while some of the humor sounds harsh, like Ruthless Vampire Killers (1967) or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), it is also quite infectious definitely finishes the movie on a high (and very unusual) note! <br /> <br /> Video and audio quality is relatively satisfactory, given that I didn’t have another version to compare; The main culprit is some noticeable damage to the print, but it is never so unpleasant to affect the enjoyment of the film. As for the additions, starting with the audio commentary: to be honest, this is one of the best chats about the genre film that I remember when I listened; Jonathan Rigby agrees with his opinion more than usual for the moderator, but his efforts certainly allow the director Peter Duffel to touch on every aspect of the production (whereas with some other films you rather expect them to be more!) And, as such, it is extremely nice track that complements the main function very well. The film "A-Rated Horror Film" is worth it, that Peter Duffell again became the center of attention, but this time it is supported by significant, albeit too brief, contribution of producer Max J. Rosenberg and stars Chloi Franks, Ingrid Pitt. and Jeffrey Baildon. We also get movie notes, reviews, biographies and a gallery of posters / pictures that, again, are wonderfully collected (current reviews are something of a novelty - and at the same time desirable).
