Four tales of terror related to events in a creepy old mansion are told to Scotland Yard's skeptical investigator Holloway (John Bennett), who is investigating the whereabouts of the last occupant of the house from which blood was dripping. <br /> <br /> One can only go all out to find words to describe the true brilliance, which is "The house that dripped blood." This horror anthology of the seventies is quite remarkable in that such a visually innocent film can cause horror even among the most astute viewers. Incredibly, the number of images of violence on the screen can be counted on the one hand, but the film is still able to portray cruelty and succeeds in evoking the most horrific images in the minds of the audience, all the time refraining from the obvious route of graphic violence. In a rare horror film of the early seventies, the technical details of the film are almost impeccable: from the impeccable performance of a star actor (with the participation of the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to a great director and story-telling. courtesy of Peter Duffell and master of the gloomy writer Robert Bloch (author of the novel Psycho). The only real complaints that may arise in connection with the “House in which blood flows” are the somewhat silly plot twists at the end of the first two segments and the predictable ending of the picture, but even these minor details do not distract from the overall enjoyment of viewing. <br /> <br /> The first segment, entitled “The Killing Method,” tells the story of Charles Hillier (Denholm Elliott), a horror author who shoots a creepy house while working on his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillier continues to see the murderous character from his story in and around the house and soon begins to doubt the difference between fiction and reality. The performance of Elliott in this play is truly exceptional, and his hero is given an amazing look of believability. The key to this segment, as well as to the rest, is the mystery surrounding the events taking place. The viewer is asked whether the spectacle of Dominic’s murderous character is simply a hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder, or is the character really present. Duffella's direction successfully creates an alarming atmosphere combined with the slow, methodical approach to creating the tension and tension necessary to make the segment very exciting. <br /> <br /> In the next segment, Peter Cushing acts as the new occupant of the sinister apartment building. During a trip to the city, he encounters a horror museum and decides to go there. While there, he discovers the wax model of a beautiful woman who seems too familiar to him. Then his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) joins the character of Cushing (Philip), who also wants to visit the museum, much to the disappointment of Philip. In this segment, the viewer is given no more than very subtle clues regarding the secrets of a wax woman, but in general the viewer remains in the dark. In this particular story, there is much less tension, but the segment still manages to maintain an atmosphere of mystery through a particularly heart-rending sequence of dreams and the general ambiguity of this story. Duffella's directing is once again exceptional, and although this is perhaps the weakest of the four stories, one cannot deny that, thanks to some creative leadership and a credible play, Waxworks is still delightfully included in the film. <br /> <br /> Waxworks' is followed by what, in my opinion, is the largest of the four segments ?? "Sweets for sweets." Christopher Lee plays the role of John Reed, the father of a young girl who has an inexplicable fear of fire to begin with, which is soon corrected by a caring nanny, Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to be harboring a dark secret about the family. ?? Sweetness to sweets ”is the most sober and confusing of the four stories, and that is why the segment is undoubtedly attractive to the viewer. Throughout the entire segment, small and subtle clues about the truth behind the family are published, but only in a terrifying final episode, everything neatly falls into place. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and tension to create a premonition atmosphere that made the whole movie gorgeous. “Sweets for sweets” accompanied by a wonderfully equipped soundtrack is an exercise in constant fear that seizes the viewer by the throat and refuses to let go until the painful cries ending this play finally cease. Personally, I think that this short segment would make an entertaining and memorable feature film, and I would give this episode a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ends with a story about a missing artist, who was initially interested in the investigator John Pertwee and star Ingrid Pitt as two performers who are currently working on a horror film. Pertwie's character is disgusted with the amateur production and movie details, so he buys his own vampire cloak from a weird mystery store. However, strange things start to happen when he wears a raincoat, and soon he begins to fear the worst. This segment, which places an inspector among events, is a good way to complete a wonderful anthology. Although an irrefutable atmosphere reigns in this segment, this in a sense makes the story so enjoyable. Unfortunately, in this segment there is little that could be called intimidating in any sense, and the predictable ending could be performed better, but, nevertheless, the segment has its redemptive features. Horror lovers should definitely pay attention to Pertwee’s brief commentary on how Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee portrayed Dracula. This slightly comical and carefree approach to the last segment, in fact, is an adequate and almost natural way to complete the picture, even if it brings the film compared to earlier examples of horror caused by the unknown. <br /> <br /> Summing up, we can say that “House in which blood flows” is one of the greatest anthologies of horror, in which there is an incredible cast, great stories and excellent direction. Of course, there are worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life, and although fans of blood and guts will be very disappointed, fans of more intense horror films will like this movie. My rating for "House that dripped blood" ?? 8/10.
