Omnibus horror films were popular in the seventies. I don’t really like them myself, but this one is undoubtedly a great piece of British horror cinema. “The house to which blood was dripping” is a terrible omnibus, which tells four stories that surround the eerie old house in the country, and a real estate agent tells the Scotland Yard employee about it. <br /> <br /> This movie is titled famous horror movie stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, whom horror fans recognize as one of the main characters of Lee in the greatest British horror film of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first segment of the film, entitled “The Killing Method,” tells the story of a horror narrator whose creation; The strangler named "Dominic" is animated by his own imagination. This story creates tension very well; through his girlfriend, he and the audience believe that what he sees is a figment of his imagination. This story, of course, is not very original, but it compensates for the lack of originality in the atmosphere that it creates and its final turn; which works incredibly well and has become a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story called “Waxworks”, which starred Peter Cushing, is my least favorite of the four. This story follows the story of Philip Grayson (Cushing), the man who discovered the wax museum and decides to risk entering. Inside, he discovers a woman who is familiar to him and which we later discover is a murderer. That which entailed the relationship of a woman with Philip was never explained, but the story is more based on mystery, and not on plot. Later Cushing was joined by his friend Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland), and that’s when the story really begins to evolve. Creating a wax museum filled with killers for a horror movie is not a new idea; The same installation was used to create the gorgeous horror movie of 1966, The Room of Horrors. Although the one here is not as great as the one in the aforementioned film, the tuning power is used by a no less horrific effect, much of which is achieved by the sensation of claustrophobia caused by the limited museum area. It is always interesting to watch Peter Cushing, and to see how he avoids a madman who owns an ax is a pleasure for a horror fan. Despite the fact that this story is my least favorite, it is still interesting and interesting enough not to let down this anthology. <br /> <br /> Continuation of the film - "Sweets for sweet", which, without a doubt, is the best of all this. In this story, the legendary Christopher Lee plays the role of a father who looks too protected. The beauty of this story is how it plays out. This leaves the audience to guess; we know that something is wrong with a father or daughter, but we do not know who or what it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, portrays his character with a great degree of viciousness; the audience is left to boil over his actions related to giving his daughter a doll, and the fact that she is not allowed to go to school or take any toys. The map of why it is kept close to the chest, to the very end, is embodied by a truly frightening line, in which Lee tells his nanny that he really is afraid of his daughter. The end of this section is superbly played out, in my opinion, this is one of the best endings of any horror story that has ever been told, and will remain with you long after the cast completes the credits. <br /> <br /> Omnibus ends with “Cloak”, which is by far the most comedic of the four. This story is about a horror movie star, who, unimpressed by the technical side of his latest movie, goes out and buys a raincoat. Naturally, this cloak turns out to be a real vampire cloak. Unlike the other three stories, this one seems to play out mostly for laughter. This is not so bad, since most of the humor is funny, and it serves as a good contrast with the rest of the film. The end of this tale coincides well with the end of the film's narrative story, which is a very sinister, but humorous, ending of a very good film. Also, pay attention to a little mockery of Christopher Lee in Dracula. I think this is a nice touch. <br /> <br /> In general, if you want your movie to be terrible, you can’t go wrong with “The House That Has Dribble Blood”. Only the third story makes the film worthy of your time, and it is really a very solid horror film.
