Preminger's adaptation to the J.B. Shaw's “St. Joan” film (Graham Greene script) received one of the worst critical reactions on this day. The pseudo-elite was condemned for this, the purists and the audience were immune to the film, which lacked piety and glamor, expected from a historical theatrical performance. As in Peeping Tom, the reaction was angry and unjustified. Preminger's adaptation of an intellectual study of the effects and actions surrounding Joan of Arc (her real name in her native language is Joan of Arc, but this film is in English) is completely true to the spirit of the original play, not only at the literal emotional level, but formally also. His film is a Brecht analysis of the functioning of institutions, the division within and outside the various factions wishing to seize power. Thus, we are not allowed to identify ourselves on an emotional level with any of the characters, including Joan herself. <br /> <br /> In the role of Gene Seberg (whose subsequent life offers an eerie parallel with her role here), she is presented as an innocent figure of purity, the very act and presence of which reveals damage and emptiness in everyone. Thus, Seberg is playing her as holy and mad. Her lack of experience as an actress when she starred in this film (which appears in some places) conveys the freshness and youth of Jeanne, revealing the fact that Jeanne la Puchel is a modest illiterate peasant who defends her village and her natural intelligence. She did not in any way deserve the harsh criticism that she received in the first release of the film; it is a performance that goes far beyond Ken and the vocation of any aspiring actress without any previous acting experience. Shaw and Preminger took a worldly vision of Joan, seeing her as a feminist of the medieval era, not satisfied with being a simple daughter, whose fate should be married or a slut taken by soldiers to and from the battlefields. Her faith, her voices, her visions, which she mixes with words such as "imagination" and "common sense", force her to wear the armor of her fellow soldiers in order to lead them to battle in order to expel the English invasion from France. <Br /> <br /> Still, it can be said that the film is more interested in the Dauphin Court (Richard Widmark), the clergy office, who judges Joan led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, immaculately abandoned), and the actions of Earl Warwick Gilgud), and then in Joan herself. The excellent ensemble cast (all men) depicts intrigues, Machelli's (although the story precedes Niccolò) the opportunists, who view religion as a child's toy that can be used and manipulated for their own purposes. Sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors great pleasure to release them. John Gilgud as an extremely rational graph whose intelligence (albeit accompanied by corruption) allows him to calculate the exact manner in which he can ensure that Joan is burned at the stake, and Pierre Coson of Anton Walbrook brings a three-dimensional portrait to this intellectual theologian who will give Joan a fair trial. which certainly convicts her. Richard Widmark like the dauphin is a true revelation. In contrast to the type of choice of actors you will ever find, Widmark portrays a weak future ruler of France in a frantic, comic caricature that is as close as this film fits to comic relief. Comic performance, which resembles the imitation of Jerry Lewis, much more than the swift future ruler of France. <br /> <br /> Preminger shot Saint-Joan in black and white, cameraman Georges Perinal, who worked with René Claire and who made “The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp” in color. This is completely restrained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere for this film. Preminger's preference in tracking long continuous shots is the key to the film's effectiveness; there’s no point in wasting movement in its setting. <br /> <br /> This also indicates the direction of the majority of Preminger. In the mature (and most forgotten period) he focuses on the conflict between the people and institutions in which they work, how the institution functions and how the person acts in accordance with his by principles. These topics are directly related to his film, and, as always, he keeps things unpredictable and does not find black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
