Fräulein Doktor is as good a demonstration as any other example of how the once great film industry in Western Europe has fallen into decay over the past 40 years. Then, in the late 60s, when major Hollywood studios were on the rise, Italy, France and England produced films to fill the void left over from Hollywood decline. These were photographs of James Bond (Doctor No. was an unexpected hit in the United States, first released on the Century cinema chain in New York with a price of 99 cents), Clint Eastwood's spaghetti westerns (with a handful of dollars issued by a distributor who never paid a penny to Italian producers, and French crime films that usually went to art houses, with the exception, for example, of the Sicilian clan. And there were European co-productions such as Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Fraulein Doctor. "Fräulein Doktor with his big budget at the time and the global talent involved, he was good enough for viewers to still remember the film decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More, who plays the role of a British intelligence officer, works at Fräulein. Doctor where he says the caught spy will either talk or play a wall game. The wall opposite the shooting will have a small chance that the spy will win the game. Such a cynical attitude played well across national borders in the era of the Vietnam War in 1969. <br /> <br /> Strong scenes between Susie Kendall and Capuchin probably didn’t hurt the chances of these performers getting roles in Hollywood films, Hollywood studios cast off their foreign distribution and production facilities. Fox will no longer be engaged in co-production of films such as the Sicilian Clan, Colombia will not distribute films such as Belmondo's Night Call. MGM went even further, cutting almost all filmmaking, selling its cinema chain in India for the cost of land under it and unloading its studio in Borehamwood when Kerkorian plundered the studio to raise money to build his casino in Las Vegas (where Bally Souvenir Shop sold MGM memorabilia at cheap prices, items left at an auction in MGM warehouses. <br /> <br /> Paramount distributed Fräulein Doktor, but Charles Gludhorn of Gulf and Western, who seized the company and preserved the aging studio's board of directors, unloaded kiniblibote ku studios at Universal (as I recall) and really became interested in films after production manager Robert Evans started making one hit after another.But it was in the 70s. Fräulein Doktor with his lesbian scene was buried, with shortened versions of the film appearing at local stations during the 80s. <br /> <br /> Kenneth Moore used to be a typical guy when he was older, especially in the BBC Detective Series Father Brown. When he was younger, as in the British film Titanic, he played his standard reserved British officer. As I recall, in Fräulein Doktor he had a chance to be much tougher than usual. It would be nice to know how accurate my memory is about this film, about its role and, of course, about those cavalry horses that wear gas masks and protective covers going into battle. It was some kind of scene, and Alberto Lattoada showed that he was some kind of director who directed this spy film of the First World War, where the money spent on the cost of production really appears on the screen.
