EL MAR is a tough, bright, absolutely brilliant, bold piece of cinematic art. Director Agusti Villronga, with the adaptation of Anthony Aloy and Bil Meskid from Bligh Bonet's novel, created a film that traces the deep influence of war on children's minds and how this impact destroys the lives of adults. And while the focus is on the disgusting war tattoo for children, the transfer of such effects on soldiers and citizens of adult age is obvious. This film becomes one of the best anti-war documents, without resorting to pamphleting: the end result has a much greater influence, since its history inherent in children goes to adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children shown in the Spanish Civil War in Spain threatened with power cuts and the aggressive night murder of citizens. Ramal (Nilo Moore), Tour (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francis (Victoria Vergere) witness the horror of the killing of people and the revenge that leads one of them to murder and suicide. These wide-eyed children become adults, suffering all the mental illnesses and injuries repressed in their minds. <br /> <br /> Then we are faced with three who live to adulthood, where they are all enclosed in a tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramala (Roger Casamayor) survived as a male prostitute, protected by his "John" Morell (Julie Mira), and kept his lifestyle in secret. Tours (Bruno Bergonzini) became a frail homosexual man with sexual repression, whose cover is his commitment to Catholicism and the blurring of delusional self-destruction / crucifixion. Francis (Antonia Torrens) became a nun and serves patients in a sanatorium. All three are reunited by the environment in a sanatorium, and each of them gradually reveals the scars of their childhood experience of war. Tours are eager for the love of Ramala, Ramala is eager to be free from her Morella, and Francis must face her inner needs, covered by the habit of her white nun. <br /> <br /> The setting of the sanatorium provides a graphic plane, where the thin There is a gap between life and death, between lust and love, and also between devotion and destruction. More information will destroy the impact of the film on the individual viewer, but suffice it to say that graphic sex and total nudity are involved (in some of the most stunning, raw frames captured on film), and the viewer must be ready to witness every form of cruelty imaginable. For this viewer, these scenes are of paramount importance, and the director Villaronga deserves praise for his perseverance and courage, which made this story so rich. Actors, both children and adults, are great: Roger Kassamur, Bruno Bergonzini and Antonia Torrens are especially good at unusually difficult roles. Jaime Perakaula’s cinematography and Javier Navarrett’s obsessive musical score serve the director’s vision. This is a heavy film, but it is highly recommended for those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and its consequences. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
