"Hespenser" The question of being cool in German cinema <br /> <br /> Over the past ten years, there are not many German films that have caused me so much interest. Yes, the problem of most German films is in this film Hespenster. It is damp in some places so that it is good to see. The special figure of Tony (Sabina Timento) is too cool. But it happens in German films. Everyone has to learn this cool movie - this is realism in these films. It is difficult to understand. But in this case there is some sense in it, because she steals, and she lies - she’s such a girl, you’d rather never love her, because you lose her. It is not clear to the other girl Nina in this film. She loves her - and she will lose her. But Nina lost everything. She will play with soft emotions and a sad feeling. There is no way - but you have to accept it, Herbert Akhterbush said for twenty years. This is often the case in German films. What for? Nina (Julia Hammer) is not inside the laws of society - she is outside - and there she has no chance. This film does not try at every place to give it a part inside. Here is one of the problems - a stupid break with conventions - a criminal hobby. Throw it all away and don't go anywhere! But the actress is playing this difficult role very interesting. On the other hand - there are parents - who are a suspension for two girls. There is a car - a hotel room - there is money and they live in the world of opera music. But the film is always at a distance to appear. They explain little. <br /> <br /> In the center of this film there is one scene that you will never forget. Two girls were casting. And there they have to say how they find together. In this scene, Tony will lie. She told a fantastic story - has nothing to do with it. And then Nina will tell the truth. She said this introversion. There is no exhibition in it. She looks at the bottom and says she will be here. This is a great moment. In the next scene at a party with pictures in red, this feeling continues - Tony leaves ... <br /> <br /> Okay, the film ends - in German - cool - garbage - here the circle of sadness closes But there was a moment - where does what something else - and this moment was important. He is more than a German Koulnesse - and such moments are rare in German cinema at this time!
