"Gespenster" (2005) forms together with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008) the trilogy of the director Christian Petzold Gespenster, undoubtedly one of the German directors Creme-De-La-Creme of our time. <br /> <br /> Roughly speaking, Hespenster tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was kidnapped as a three-year-old child, while her mother turned her head in Berlin for one minute - and had never been seen before. Since then, the mother continues to travel to Berlin whenever there is an opportunity, and is looking for with the help of a long photo of girls of about the same age as her age. As we hear later in the film, the mother had already been convinced many times that she had found her daughter Marie. However, this time when she meets Nina, everything happens quite differently. <br /> <br /> The film does not bring solutions, even partial solutions, and because it is rather disappointing. We are not preparing to decide whether a mother is really insane or not, her real daughter is still alive or not. Most disappointing end. After what we witnessed in the film, the observer is imposed that he is left alone because the author leaves Nina alone. Simple care, symbolizing that nothing has changed, can be a strong effect of drama (for example, in Umberto D.), but in the Hespenser it is supplanted. <br /> <br /> Since the critics In this film, Freud’s motives were offered, let me make my own attempt: why do people like this not know each other, especially not those who know another similar person? From the point of view of Aristotelian logic, this is a rather insane question according to which the notion of personality is true. A person is a person who does not share any of his defining characteristics with anyone else. So, the Aristotelian answer to my question is this: they do not know each other, because their similarity is due to pure changes. Anyone who is not mad believes it. But what about the case when these similar faces have other similarities that can hardly be changed, such as scarves on the left under the ankle or a mole under the right shoulder blade? This is the metaphysical context from which this film is made, although I am not sure if even the director has realized it. Despite our modern Aristotle world, in the mythologies of people around the world, there is a superstition that similar people also share parts of their individuality, and that individuality is therefore not something strange, but rather diffuse, so that the boundaries between people are open. such and similar beliefs create a solid basis of the irrational izmaz, despite our, otherwise, strongly rational thinking - the source of the Hespenser of the most interesting type.
