I always wonder how many times you will see something about World War II on German national television. You might think that they do not like to open old wounds, but not a week goes by without a documentary or a film about the horrors and atrocities of this war. Perhaps this is a way to deal with their past, I do not know, but you definitely can not blame them for ignoring what happened. And I must say: most of these documentaries are really worth seeing, because they never try to hide the truth, and the same can be said about their films (for example, think of “Der Untergang” or “The Fallfall”, as you might so) which are also very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of these films is Rosenstrasse. He tells a true story and talks about mixed marriages during the war, although nowadays the film begins with a family in the United States. After the death of Hannah’s father, her mother suddenly became an Orthodox Jew, although she had not been very religious before. She doesn’t know where her mother’s strange behavior comes from, but when she begins to delve into her mother’s troubled childhood, Hannah understands how little she knew about her mother’s past. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film on the subject of intermarriage during the Nazi regime is already quite amazing. As far as I know, there was not a single film dedicated to this topic. (For those who did not know this: marriage with a so-called pure Aryan man or woman meant for many Jews that they were not immediately sent to one of the concentration camps, but they had to work in a factory). But this not only speaks of the problems of intermarriage, but also gives a good idea of ​​how these people were often seen by their own parents and relatives. How sometimes it was difficult for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, in most cases women, did everything possible to free their men when they were captured and locked up, for example, on Rosenstrasse ... <br /> <br /> The acting is really good, and the story is very well written, although the way it was presented at the beginning did not really help me (and this is the only part you will see on the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I would not take into account most of what is happening in our day. At least the part that is in the US, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and talks to someone who knows more about her mother's past definitely works. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in everything that has something to do with World War II, and if you are not necessarily looking for a lot of action movies, then you should definitely watch this movie. This is not a movie in which you will see any battles or skirmishes, but this is certainly an interesting film, because it gives you an idea of ​​the aspect of war, about which little is known. I give it 8/10.
