On Rozenshtrasse Margaret von Trotta mixes two stories to create a bright tapestry of love and courage. The film shows the family drama of alienation between the mother and her daughter, as well as the story of German women who staged a protest on Rozenshtrasse in order to free their Jewish husbands from certain extermination. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the film focuses on the German rescuing a child from the Holocaust and the result of how the child lost his mother. Although Ms. von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans mattered, she does not use it to justify German society. Indeed, it shows how, under the conditions of torture and extermination, the rich artists and intellectuals of German high society continued to talk about their lives and parties, ignoring the suffering. <br /> <br /> Rozenshtrasse opens in New York as Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit down on Shiva, a seven-day mourning that takes place after the funeral, in which members of the Jewish family pay all attention to the memory and grief of the deceased. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) was barred from receiving phone calls from her fiance Louis, (Fedya van Hut), a non-Jew, Hannah asked why her mother suddenly decided to follow the Orthodox tradition, which she had previously rejected. When Ruth coldly rejects her cousin, Hannah asks her and finds out about a woman named Lena, who took Ruth to childhood, when the mother of the latter was deported and killed by the Nazis, and she vows to find Lena and reveal the secret of her mother’s past. <br /> <br /> The search sends her to Berlin, where she finds Lena (Doris Schade), now ninety years old, and interviews her on the pretext that she is a journalist who explores certain aspects of the Holocaust. With an unfailing memory, Lena tells her story about how, as a young 33-year-old woman (Katya Reimann), she was looking for her husband, Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fisher (Martin Feiffel), who disappeared and was supposedly imprisoned, despite the protection usually granted to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in Reiman’s best idea, discovers that her husband and other Jews are being held captive in a former factory in Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Standing together on a frosty night, German women, whose husband went missing, come together. outside the building, their number grows every day until they reach the thousand shouts of “Give us our husbands back.” Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her, protecting her from the Gestapo and raising her after her mother’s death. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family, and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, is an officer of the Wehrmacht. Having refused to help her father free Fabian, she enlists the support of her brother, who tells a fellow officer: “I know what they are doing with the Jews. I saw this". Given his support, she dared enough to go around the canals and go to the top, where her beauty and charm are irresistible for the Minister of Culture Joseph Goebbels, a famous womanizer. Although this fictional part of the film was criticized as degrading women protesters, the historical fact was that Goebbels was very active in making decisions that affect Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Director Margaret von Trotta, activist Feminist and intellectual is no stranger to political drama. She made a film about the socialist Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, a story of a relationship between two sisters, one of whom resorts to political violence to achieve her liberal goals. In Rozenshtrasse, the film she worked on for eight years, she had to make compromises by adding a modern artistic element to the production of her film. That it works so well is a tribute to the mastery of Ms. von Trott and to the beautiful script of Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events on Rosenstrasse are deceiving the Germans, who say: "We could not do anything." Now von Trotta showed the opposite, to be true, that something can be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example has not taken root.
