I do not think that in many films (especially in comedies) a memorable, quotable dialogue, such as MOONSTRUCK, has been added. I will not illustrate this - you can see a surprisingly long list of quotes in this topic - but any film that can turn such items as protection of the use of an expensive copper pipe, rather than brass for plumbing purposes into a memorable dialogue, will amaze me. This is not the only line that pops up and leaves a footprint in our memory. How about a restaurant waiter who regrets a planned marriage proposal because it would mean losing an old bachelor customer? Or a good elderly dog ​​lover, encouraging his flock to cry on the moon? Or Perry (John Mahoney) describes the young promise of a student as “moonlight on a martini” (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of a brilliant script, first-class leadership and a good cast ensemble that fits perfectly. There are other examples (the drama THE OX-BOW INIDENT is another example, but darker). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicolas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello all participate in conspiracies and cross purposes that explore the nature of love and how to handle it. Is it good to be completely in love? Cher and Cage seem to think so at the end, but Dukakis knows that true love drives personality crazy (and Cage gets a glimpse of this awareness too when he and Cher argue out of their home after they return from the opera La ". Boheme). Is infidelity a way for people to escape thoughts of death. Dukakis believes in this, and (oddly enough - although he is not entirely convinced) Aiello. Accident shows infidelity - Dukakis soon realizes that Gardenia’s strange behavior is related to infidelity, and Cher literally stumbles upon Gardenia and his girlfriend in the opera (but Gardenia also stumbles upon Cher’s similar infidelity against Aiello). But an accident also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles upon Dukakis, walking with John Mahoney, and thinks that she has a novel, <br /> <br /> The film also has wonderful little moments. Seeing Cher on the colors leading to their production. She hears a dispute in a liquor store and his decision. But best of all is the role of Louis Guss and Julia Bovasso as Uncle Sher and Aunt Raymond and Rita Kappomajgi, as well as Rita’s charming and kind commentary on Raymond on the influence of moonlight on him. This is the sweetest moment of the whole movie. <br /> <br /> He is close to an impeccable film. After seeing it more than a dozen times in so many years, I can find only two points that do not seem as smooth as they should. When Cher is at Cage's bakery, his assistant, Chrissy (Nada Despotovich), mentions how secretly she is in love with Cage, but she was afraid to tell him. Previously, she was a little irritable towards Cher, who quickly put her in her place. However, nothing seems to be done with this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to make the daily profits of her uncle and aunt instantly appears in the last seven minutes of the film - but just as quickly fell. Should there have been any storylines that were thrown off, except that Cher and Vincent Gardenia worked at the shelter for the homeless as repentance? It's a bit annoying, but I think it's just a desire to see more of this film, because it's very good.
