Bitter-sweet twist to this film contains a wonderful element of romanticism, which causes violent passion! These characteristics of the idealistic imagery possessed by Moonstruck, spur the final result of the loud sentence of almost every famous Hollywood critic. Let me describe the circumstances of this film, to put it simply, they are "past years". Moonstruck is a solid film that ignites the naivety of the old Italian quarter in New York. New York has always been one big melting pot that is galvanized by a multitude of quarrels - some manners that point to typical New Yorkers, including many Italian Americans living in New York! The middle and end of the eighties led to the dramatic withdrawal of many strong associations with different cultural stereotypes. Ethnic polarization was an inherent disaster in American history, which was much more common a few generations before the film was made. These generalizing inclinations still exist today, however, they are more relaxed and less identifiable! For this Italian family of a bygone era, confusion, indecision, excitement and, of course, love - they all have a funny partnership of completely human understanding! It seems that the kindred spirits of all in “Moonfire” are an understanding of individual weaknesses. Someone may ask if Cher plays a leading role, since she is better known as an artist than the first box office star in the movie. However, in Moonstruck, I think that she was incredibly well suited for her role and looked quite plausible in a relatively unbelievable situation. All the characters in "Moonstruck" are very rough around the edges, very tough, and are not afraid to have a formidable duel with troubles. The most fun aspect of their life is imperfection, and they are fully aware of the fact that weathering the storm definitely serves a constructive purpose! I thought the game in this film was sensational. All relationships in this film bring a favorable potential to illuminate brightly, because everyone knows what the essence of all the others really is !! There is nothing charming about this family, nothing is falsely romantic, and nothing is overly emotional (just moderately). The fact is that the whole family is clearly and constantly suffering and overcome by an extremely zealous and sincere cupid in all their lives. The literal perception of the moon's rays can indeed have a pleasant energetic effect on its determination, disguised mysticism and resistance to the well-known loss. ” So that means everything! The home and mercury principle in this film is basically one of; Be honest, be angry; Be honest, get confrontational; Be honest, distorted and decisive; The most important thing; Be honest and fall in love !! This is Cher's best performance as an actress !! Nicolas Cage, Danny Aiello, and Olympia Dukakis were wonderfully spoiled in Moonfire. Such performances of these three were ideally suited for the kinetic energy of the characters in this film! Directed by Norman Javison (known for the films Cincinnati Kid, The Cause of Thomas Crown, and best known for the film Into the Heat of the Night, which won an award for the best photo in 1967) shows many sharp and humanistic instincts in the process. about intentional inconsistency with this film! I am Italian-American by birth, (partly anyway) Sher is not Italian, and, for that matter, neither the author nor the director! I guess that because it’s not Italians who like to eat our food, they can also use our culture to make a terrific movie! It's nice to know that a movie can be amazing and have an incredibly happy ending !! For those of you who didn’t like this film, I have only one thing to say, “Free yourself!” This film “Moonstruck” is absolutely happy, lucky! Just eighty! and just five stars !! See it !!
