Loretta Castorini (Sher) is a woman of thirty years old, a widow who lives with her parents in a two-level apartment in Brooklyn. She is engaged to marry Johnny Kammariri (Danny Aiello), a sluggish person, more because of humble duty than true love. Before their wedding, Johnny goes to visit his sick mother and leaves Loretta playing olive leaves with her brother Ronnie, informing him of their upcoming wedding. Ronnie (Nicolas Cage) did not forgive Johnny because he caused his accident, which led to the loss of his hand (and subsequently his future bride), but he falls in love with Lorette, and hard. After a hot romance, Loretta, out of respect for Johnny, tries to avoid Ronnie, but his dark looks and irresistible masculinity conquer her. Meanwhile, Loretta Rosa Castorini’s mother (Olympia Dukakis) not only suspects that her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) sees another woman, but is herself the subject of admiration from a college professor and wonders why men are pursuing women. The situation is complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they cannot be married. <br /> <br /> The screenplay is a clean comedy series, but the story written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding of the life of Italians-Americans in New York is sincere: he gets the special features of these people and their everyday weaknesses and quirks, and All characters have deep romanticism that penetrates key moments of the story. Loretta, a character tempered as a result of losing her husband and knowing that her chances of happiness are slim, gradually turns into a woman who is so engulfed in a sudden confession of love that she becomes the heroine of La Boheme - the one who recognizes love for a man with a wooden hand (in an intelligent sex change), and Cher populates the role and makes it her own, and in her own style subtly changes her fertility to a deep, dark beauty. Ronnie is pure fire, and Nicolas Cage exudes masculine power, as if he were directing Marlon Brando. Kastorini and Kappomadzhi, balancing the central couple, both express their love for each other at two very important points: the last couple, on the full moon night, when Loretta and Ronni finish their romance - a rare scene depicting love and Intimacy between older people - and the first in a tense moment at breakfast, when Rose says bluntly and touchingly that she wants Cosmo to stop seeing his mistress Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not only a romantic comedy and a date of choice, but also an excellent study of love and passion among ordinary people. The final is a test of the power of emotional impact, the family situation goes beyond short-term complications, to consolidate it in a tradition dating back to the times of immigrants, and turns this film from just a good movie about well-being into a classic, MOONSTRUCK deservedly won their Oscars for best writing , actress and supporting actress, and proved that they do not grow in time.
