I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980, and I just saw it again. Improves with age. Heartland is not just for indie movie lovers. At a time when most American films are just cynical attempts to make money on computer graphics, pyrotechnics and / or vulgarity, Heartland is considered part of American history. It is also a reminder of how spoiled most of us modern urbanized Americans are. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this film is overpriced or scenic. No one declares any speeches of Hollywood films. Actors really populate their roles. It really looks like a “small” movie, but in fact it’s more than most multi-million dollar Hollywood productions. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the lives of real people. In 1910, Elinor Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who never did anything better than this), a widow with 7-year-old daughter Jerrin (Megan Folsom), lives in Denver, but wants more opportunities. She advertises for the position of housekeeper. The announcement is answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Thorn, one of our most misunderstood actors), a native of the Scots, a widower himself, with a homestead outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinor takes this position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter are moving to Stuart's tiny home on the property. This is a hilly, treeless pasture area, a place of endless perspectives, where silence is broken only by the sounds made by these people and their animals. This is guaranteed to make a person feel small. Three characters go away for long periods without seeing another human soul. Worse, Stewart is silent to such an extent that it is almost silent. “I can't talk to this person,” complains Elinor to Grandma Landauer. “You'd better study before winter,” says grandma. Grandmother (Lilia Scala) is one of two other characters who are seen more than fleetingly. She came to Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years ago and now manages her ranch alone since she was also a widow. Grandma is their closest neighbor (and local midwife), and yet she lives ten miles away! Another supporting character is Jack, the hired hand (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> Rutina Elinor (and her employer) is an endless, exhausting work, where there are no modern conveniences and where everything needs to be done, corrected or done manually. This is the real essence of the film: to watch the ordinary life of these ranchers, when they struggle with nature, to snatch life from the earth. But, despite the constant work and fatigue, Elinor is always looking for other opportunities. She learns that Stewart's tract is unclaimed. Impulsively, she is suing the property (twelve dollars, or almost two weeks of payment!), Which means that if she lives on it (and she must really live there) and has worked on it for ten years, she will receive a document on it . Naturally, Stuart finds out what she did. With ruthless logic, he points out that without money, cattle, loans and assets, she has no chance of success. Then he proposes a solution: he proposes marriage. Stunned, Elinor realizes that this is the only real alternative and accepts. <br /> <br /> We believe that Stewart’s proposal is purely Machiavellian — he wants land and free labor — but we see this, in fact, he truly loves Elinor, and they grow together as a couple. She becomes pregnant; she begins to give birth in the middle of a blizzard; Clyde travels for hours on horseback through the storm ten miles to her grandmother and ten miles ago, only to announce that she was not there. It's more like real life than nice guys. Elinor has a child on her own, without help. Their son is still a baby when he falls ill and dies. They lose half of their livestock to a vicious winter. They fight for. The last sequence in the film should be optimistic: the birth of a calf. Clyde urgently calls Elinor to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being the head first, the calf is in running performance. He and Elinor should physically pull the calf out of the birth canal. No CGI, animatronics, deception, fakes or special effects: what you see is what happened, guys: the calf is born on a straw bed in a wooden shed by the light of lamps. At the same time, the film ends not so much as it just stops, leaving the viewer unsatisfied, but after a while you value the film as a whole, and not just for its ending. <br /> <br /> This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness. It will be watchable long after most of the latest generation of films have long been forgotten.
