I am usually a fan of romantic films that are well shot and well played. This is a romantic (historical) film, filmed in Italy of the 17th century, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that this is a historical film means that it will inevitably develop more slowly than films shot in the modern era, so it will be boring. If you can ignore this fact, this is a really good movie. The scenery, costumes and cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and actresses are very convincing in their images, projecting the intensity of the emotions passing through the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unfortunate end. It is easy to believe that this is an exact image of real characters. Despite the fact that the main characters and the storyline really touched me, I decided to check the authenticity of the story and found out that the main theme of the film - a sad unfinished love story - was completely made. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was raped by Tassi initially, instead of voluntarily and passionately obeying his achievements, as was shown in the film. She continued to have sex with him only because he had repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he didn’t * plead guilty to rape because of pity for the torture of Artemisia (as opposed to what is shown in the film). In fact, he tried to portray Artemisia as a free, promiscuous woman with insatiable sexual urges. In this film, his sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife, and he had sexual relations with his daughter-in-law, and Tassi's character was created all the time as if his sister slandered him because of his alleged love for his daughter-in-law ( although he confesses that he had a wife in Florence). Needless to say, this is actually not the case. In fact, this is far from the case. Tassi was really responsible for the planned murder of his wife, which he had spawned from rape. And to add to this, Tassi really had a sexual relationship with his daughter-in-law, soaking her in the process, but all this was not really mutual - again, he raped his daughter-in-law earlier. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear idea of ​​the real Tassi as a sex offender, what do we do from the film about how Artemisia portrays him as a lover? We take it as an attempt to turn this film into a romantic film ... that this film has never been made historically accurate ... In addition to the moments just mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies, such as the interpretation of the art of Artemisia (in real life never Tassi’s painting style didn’t influence, and she was truly considered a much better artist than Tassi was ever.) One thing remains true, and it’s a fact that Artemisia Gentileschi was recognized as the first female artist in history, and although her mastery Frustrated with many of her male peers, she always had difficulty getting enough credit for her job because of her gender as a woman in 17th century Italy. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this movie by itself, because it’s a pretty good romantic drama, but its historical references are perceived with a grain of salt.
