Rock solid Yallo from the master filmmaker genre Sergio Martino. Created from the amazing script of Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking puzzle often develops exciting twists to a terrific finale that most may not see during the entire movie. This is when everything fell into place, and we can say: "Aah ...". The film tells about the death of her husband (as a result of the explosion of the plane) and the million dollars that his wife receives from him. There are those who show great interest in this money, in particular, the mistress of the deceased. His wife is Liza (Ida Galli), and the hostess, who demands half the money, is Lara (Jeanine Reynaud). She tells Lisa that she knows that she was organized to get money for insurance. Lara says she uses her “lawyer” Sharif (Luis Barbu) to get this money. So, the film is already producing two possible suspects in the subsequent murder of Lisa, who is waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton portrays Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates the cases of those who received an inheritance in order to find out if the payday was collected in a suspicious way. When Lisa was killed on his watch by a man dressed from head to toe in black in her hotel room, he may have been a suspect. He decides to deal a bit with himself, and also helps Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent Benton (Tom Fellegi) in their search for the killer. The killer strikes several times, destroying anyone spinning around the missing million dollars confiscated by the person responsible for the murder of Lisa. Soon the film tells about journalist Cleo Dupont (delightful, juicy Anita Strindberg), when she and Peter meet at dinner, where she can try to smell something that can break her story. They soon fall in love deeply, but it seems that anyone who is close to Peter is killed. Soon, someone attacks Cleo with the intention to kill, which pushes the investigation further into uncharted territory. Why would anyone want to harm a journalist who has no real facts in order to harm the one who kills people. <br /> <br /> This giallo is pretty clever and exciting. The film never lulls, which is quite remarkable, because so much is happening, leaving open the question of the identity of the killer. This film follows the path of Gialli with cutting a knife because of a certain pattern that the killer chose (throat and lower torso). The conclusion of the film wraps all complex loose ends and is very satisfactory. The film has several unique camera angles, but it provides products in terms of plot control and riddle execution.
