Sergio Martino recently struck me with his classic work of Jallo “Mrs. Ward’s Weird Defect” and the unforgettably titled “Your Defect is a Locked Room, and only I Have the Key” - but even in this case I did not expect too much from this film. The Scorpion Tail case is not mentioned as often as the aforementioned names when it comes to Jallo’s classic discussion - but I don’t know why, because it’s at least as good as these two! Dario Argento may be the “king” of Jallo, but with five films that he made - Sergio Martino, of course, not too far behind. In a sense, he even surpasses the master. All Martino films were released before the jewel in the crown of Argento, the gorgeous Profondo Rosso, so back in the early seventies Martino was king! The plot here follows the idea of ​​killing for profit, and follows the payment of insurance for a rich man. His wife will inherit 1 million dollars, and soon people will find her blood! When she is dead soon after, the insurance investigator and a brave, attractive young journalist are watching her. <br /> <br /> The Scorpion Tail case may not benefit the beauty Edwig Fenech, but she has two Martino employees on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marino on “The strange vice of Mrs. Ward and All Colors of Darkness”, as well as a number of other Giallos. Hilton has a great screen, and every time I see him in an Italian thriller; it becomes obvious why he was repeatedly filmed. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered from the TV series “Your Vices,” is “The Locked Room,” along with Hilton, who plays the main role — the classical female role of Jallo. Sergio Martino works fine again in a director's chair with several beautiful scenes, the best of which takes place in a room filled with green lighting! The score of Bruno Nicholas (Wardh) sets the mood excellently, but this is the scenario, which, again, is the driving force behind Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, a writer for four other Giallo Martino, composed the script that worries, staying away from the common Giallo trap, which has no meaning; thus freeing this film from the rest of the illogical genre. The Scorpion Tail Case is Jallo's quality film, and another success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you'll love it!
