"The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" Sergio Martino is a pictorial work of the heyday of the genre of the early 70s. An explosion on an airplane leads to a million insurance money for a grieving, but unfaithful wife. The money was subsequently ripped out by the killer in black and a series of brutal murders followed. <br /> <br /> Scorpion's tail plays a mysterious element written by hyallo expert Ernesto Gastaldi, fairly straightforward. But, being giallo, the killings themselves are remembered and well organized. In fact, the violence in this film is very strong in some places - the scene with the broken bottle is especially bright. The emphasis on violence no doubt influences the giallo genre in order to move into more and more extreme territories. But, as in the best films of this genre, cruelty is compensated by a good result and an attractive photo. The music of Bruno Nicholas sometimes resembles the avant-garde work of Ennio Morricon in “A Bird with Crystal Feathers”, but is strong in itself. Photographing helps the good use of foreign languages, in this case, London and Athens, where Martino manages to get, respectively, in the parliament building and the Acropolis! There is also some inventive camera work, the most effective of which is using slow motion in a sequence when a woman runs to a door where a maniac wanders outside. In this particular scene, Martino pierces the assassin with a knife through the door, which is influenced by Dario Argento’s crystal feathering, but he also has an attempt by the assassin to snap the catch with the knife blade, which Argento later repeated in Suspiria. Thus, the Martino film itself is influential. <br /> <br /> This is a good hard text that can be appreciated by both fans of the genre and non-genre. Productivity is good, and production figures are good (although the explosion of an airplane is, let's say, somewhat budgetary!). NoShame DVD release is good. It has both options of English and Italian, which is a real bonus. However, it is worth noting that sometimes you need to be a quick reader to fully appreciate the English subtitle version. This applies to both the film and the documentary in additions. This is a minor point, although the release of the DVD is a worthy addition to any giallo collection.
