Sergio Martino is a great director who has made a great contribution to the Italian genre cinema, and, as far as I know, his 1970 Jally is an indisputable event in his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. The Scorpio Case of 1971 is one of these impressive films that Martino introduced to the most original sub-genre of the film Italian Terror, and further proof that this man is a master of atmosphere, style and uncertainty. My personal favorite of the films of Martino, which I have seen so far, still remains insanely brilliant “Your vice is a locked room, and only I have the key” of 1972, followed by Thors (1973) and Mrs. ". Wardh "(1971), and I personally like all this even more than this. However, this is a matter of personal taste, since La Coda Dello Scorpione is an excellent film that every fan of Italian horror and suspense cinema needs. <br /> <br /> A film that demonstrates The tantalizing wait from the start is a complex and exciting story that begins with the mysterious death of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurer Peter Lynch (George Hilton) was appointed to check the circumstances of an insurance company that should pay big The sum of the wife of the deceased man. Soon after Lynch begins his investigation, the man is brutally murdered, which is only the beginning of a series of murders ... <br /> <br /> The Scorpion Tail Case perfectly delivers all the elements to the great Jallo. The film is stunningly intense from the very beginning, the score of Bruno Nicholas is brilliant, the plot is surprisingly tangled, and the identity of the killer remains a mystery to the end. Regular leader Giallo George Hilton again demonstrates an excellent game of leaders. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely amazing in the lead role. Among them is the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the most prominent regular performers of the Italian genre cinema of the 60s and 70s, and Alberto de Mendoza, another great actor who should be familiar to any fan of Italian cinema. . Athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually a great setting for Jallo. The atmosphere is constantly exciting, and the photo is gorgeous, and Bruno Nicholas’s brilliant account makes the tension even more tense. In short: “La Coda Dello Scorpione” is another great Giallo from Sergio Martino, which you should definitely visit any fan of this genre! Stylish, intense and beautiful in all respects!
