I really feel like rewarding the Scorpion Tail Affair rated 10 out of 10, but this will be largely because I think the Italian horror movie of the 1970s is SO much better than the shit that I usually watch. But even without an extra point for nostalgia, this is still a true masterpiece and high praise for its extremely convoluted history, the strange atmosphere, the killing sequences filled with blood and an excellent choice. In my humble opinion, this is actually the best giallo of Sergio Martino, and this should mean something like “Mrs. Ward's Weird Defect”, “All the Colors of Darkness”, “Thors” and “Your Defect Is Blocked” Room and only for me there is a key "- all these are first-class genre achievements. But this film is a little better, since its ultra-convincing plot revolves around an insurance fraud that has gone out of control. After the special death of her husband as a result of the explosion of an airplane (!), Lisa Baumer quickly becomes a suspicious owner of one million dollars, and she seeks to leave the country as soon as possible. Due to strange circumstances, the insurance company appoints its best investigator Peter Lynch in the case, and he follows her to Greece. There, Liza becomes the target of many attacks, and the mystery of the cause increases when it turns out that several people are hunting for money. I always worry too much when I briefly summarize hyala because I don’t want to risk distributing the main elements of the plot. In the case of the scorpion's tail, events take an unexpected and unexpected turn before the story gets at least halfway through, and I certainly don’t want to destroy it for you. After that, many red herrings follow, but Sergio Martino always manages to be one step ahead of you, and although the outcome is not 100% satisfying, the outcome, at least, is surprising. It is also a very stylish film with creative camera work and great music by Bruno Nicholas. Universal favorite jallo music Edwig Fenech, oddly enough, did not get into this cast (she is filmed in at least three other main Martino Jalli), but Anita Strindberg (“Lizard in the skin of a woman”, “Who saw her death?” ) more than a worthy replacement for her. Charismatic and defiant George Hilton, as always, reliable in his role as an insurance investigator and spirit ?? ladies' man deluxe. If you're a giallo fan, don't wait as much as I did to watch this movie !!!!
