Joan Crawford has just begun her “working girl doing well” phase with the dynamic “Paid” (1930). She had never tried to play such a role before, and the critics were impressed. Thus, while other actresses wondered why their careers failed (because they clung to characters who were “into” the subject a few years ago but were becoming obsolete), Joan listened to the public and ensured her longevity as actresses. The depression was here, and children of jazz age who survived endless parties were condemned. Of course, if you got rich with the help of immoral means, but suffered for it - everything was in order. <br /> <br /> This movie begins with an exciting boat party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) - the most popular girl, especially when she offers everyone to swim in underwear !!! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack due to losses in the stock market, both Bonnie and her brother Rodney (William Bakewell) understand who their true friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vale - Johnny Mac Brown from the poor) offers to do the "right thing" and marry her - they just spent the night together when Bonnie declared (unconditionally) that she wants love for approval - she Begins to show some character, deciding to get a job. <br /> <br /> She finds work in a newspaper and quickly strikes with her will to success. Her working friend - Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards), and together they were given the task to write about the internal activities of the mafia. Rodney is also surprised by the news that he also has a job. She is excited for him, but soon realizes that it is bootlegging, and he is mixed with a cold-blooded killer, Jake Louva (Clark Gable). Rodney becomes a witness to the mass shooting and splits into pieces, “spilling the beans” to the first one he sees as a drinker in a bar — this is Bert. Then he is forced to kill Bert and then disappears. The newspaper does its best to find the killer Burt, and sends Bonnie under cover as a dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan performs a very lively dance under the "Accordian Joe" - much to the disgust of Sylvie). The film ends with a shootout, and when Rodney lies dying, Bonnie rings in his story with tears in his eyes. <br /> <br /> This is a super movie in which Crawford and Gable are laid out. Natalie Moorhead, who, like Sylvie, shared the famous “cigarette scene” with Gable at the beginning of the film, was a stylish “other woman” who was in vogue in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a huge career (he started as a teenager in the Douglas Fairbanks film in the mid-20s). Although many of his roles were weak, weak-willed characters. In this film, he played a weak brother and was completely overshadowed by Joan Crawford and the dynamic rookie Clark Gable - perhaps that is why he never became a star. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
