The second film by Abhay Deola, written by Imtiaz Ali, the first directorial work of Shivam Nair. Soha probably plays her first (?) Role of Megi, the girl who ran away from home and is waiting for her boyfriend Diraj (Shayan Munshi) at the marriage receptionist's office in Delhi to meet her. She waits and waits and, finally, Ankush (Abhay Deol) is seen as an unhappy girl. They spend many days together when he takes her out of one sad situation after another and finally falls in love with her. Then the guy is back! Aage pardey par dekhiye! Sounds familiar? This is another adaptation of Dostoevsky's “White Nights” with a small borrowing from Le Notti Bianchi (although very tiny - Ankush separates lovers, telling the guy about her death!). But this is a more earthy and realistic adaptation than the much-promoted and bloated Saavaria. I wonder why no one picked up this little gem when we all discussed Saavaria as crazy a few months ago. <br /> <br /> The settings in Delhi are wonderful - be sure to go through old Delhi, pictures of Jama Masjid from the roof, Connaught Circus, streets with rickshaws (What? How?). There are enough colored lights in the hotel to tell you that this is a poor connection to rooms that can be rented for an hour! <br /> <br /> The more I see Abhay, the more I like this young man. In this second film, he is very good as a hired witness, to whom the beauty gives a purpose in life. Soha looks beautiful, and when she smiles, she fits the role, but I found her unconvincing in more serious moments. I'm not quite sure that she has to be a great actress, or maybe she will blossom late, like a brother. The music of Khimesh Reshammia is not that great, and in fact the film is interrupted by songs, they interrupt the narration and are badly combined with the characters trying to sing them. The supporting cast is superb, and I approve of this adaptation of the White Nights. By the way, the fact that I love the cute dimples of Abhay Deol has nothing to do with my rating.
