Ahista Ahista - a small small diamond. I started watching him, and at first I got a little bored, because the move was slow, and the basic idea of ​​meeting a lost girl was not something new. But when the film went on, I became more and more interested in the film, a fantastic composition and a charming novel. The film was very simple and natural, and after a while I felt that I was watching real documents about the life of one guy. There is one very good reason why the film got such a feeling, and this is a fresh talent called Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing, as simple, kindhearted and struggling Ankush, whose new love encourages him to improve and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is presented as an ordinary mischievous joker, as well as a helping and loving person who, like everyone else, will do everything to protect his love. Deol depicts all the shades of his character, both positive and negative, naturally and with complete ease. <br /> <br /> The direction of Shivam Nair is very good. His description of the lives of people in rural areas is excellent, but what is even more impressive is his relationship with Ankush with various people around him, including his friends and his love interests Meghi, which he is ready to do. something for I also really liked how Nair portrayed his interaction with the loud and plump mother of his friend, whom he calls “Khala” (aunt). He likes to drive her crazy and annoy her every time, but we see that she occupies a special place in his heart and is like him as a mother figure, as evidenced by several scenes. With the exception of Abhay, the rest of the actors played well. Although Soha Ali Khan, in my opinion, did not stand out, she was good and had some charm to her mother. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good, as was the actress who played Hulk Ankush. <br /> <br /> In addition to the performances, the script of the film was outstanding. The conversations were ordinary, but brilliant, and the script was fantastic. This is mainly because, in spite of a not quite new story, it has never been exaggerated or melodramatic, and there have been no attempts to make it look more than life. The biggest weakness of the film - the boring music of Himesh Reshammia, which was not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista were amazing hours, and with each scene they only got better. The concept may not be new, but the film has time to look fresh and becomes more and more emotional as the plot develops. The ending was bittersweet, sad and upbeat. In short, this film is really slowly growing on you, and this can be easily attributed to a beautiful composition, touching moments, charming novel, realistic listening and, of course, a memorable performance by Abhay Deola.
