The melodrama of this period is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. Characters trapped in a room prevail throughout his work, and over time he will become increasingly adept in depicting their helplessness and engaging the audience in their horror. In the stupidly named Sealed Room there is one significant difference from the usual plot line, in which there is really no way out. <br /> <br /> Griffith achieves a claustrophobic effect here in two ways. First, it uses space. While in a typical short film “Biographer” a dozen or more sets can be used, in the “Sealed Room” there are only two adjacent rooms a royal court and a pigeon cat, which becomes the eponymous tomb. The scenography in these shorts is rarely mentioned, but here it is crucial. The courtyard is a large interior, the background of which hints at great depth and shows us a window and a staircase. The actors enter and exit from different directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious, but also free and open. In contrast, the back wall of a pigeon cat is very close to the camera, and the angles in it, which assume a hexagonal or octagonal shape, make it even more limited. <br /> <br /> The second method demonstrated here is cross cutting. Anyone interested in the work of Griffith will most likely learn about his intensive use and the development of a cross-cutting approach to create excitement or tension. Many will also know that, strictly speaking, this is not his invention. However, what makes Griffith's cross-sections so effective is how he walks in opposite images so that they complement each other. The Sealed Room contains a good example of what I mean. The shots of bricklayers moving heavy bricks have a slow step by step towards them, with increasing stress when the wall gets taller. This movement is accompanied by shots of blissfully unsuspecting lovers, in which Marion Leonard tears off the flower petals one by one. When the couple are aware of their predicament, their growing panic is complemented by the opposing shot of the king, insanely beating the wall with his sword. <br /> <br /> At this moment, Griffith had not yet realized that the action could be strengthened. further, introducing the third strand into a cross section. The dramatic “trip to the aid”, which was absent here, later became the standard culmination of Griffith's paintings.
