By 1909, D.V. Griffith was the director of films for the Biographical Company for about a year, and ?? working at a rate of two or three a week ?? quickly began to develop his skills as a director. “Sealed Room” is a very interesting short 11-minute song, an exciting part of the gothic melodrama, which even plunges into the world of early horror. The simple narrative was probably inspired by the story of Edgar Allen Poe in 1846 “Amontillado Barrel” and concerns a powerful king who is plotting a delightful sadistic form of revenge to punish his wife’s infidelity. In medieval times, the "Sealed Room" begins with the king (Arthur V. Johnson) overseeing the construction of a windowless room with an isolated dove, the idea being that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely personal place to enjoy society each other. He is obviously very much in love with her, always showing his affection, this last act is the crown of his tenderness. However, without the knowledge of the king, his wife fell in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During one romantic connection, a wife and a minstrel were discovered in a specially constructed room, and the grieving king conceives a method of retaliation to an ignorant couple. He silently orders his workers to block the single doorway with stone and mortar, slowly sinking to madness as each new stone is laid down. <br /> <br /> D.V. Griffith has always been keen on sharp details, and the Sealed Room is a great early example of this. Luxurious medieval costumes give the film a sense of reality, and the interior of the castle looks authentic enough to be believable. At that time, the director was also a pioneer in the creation of waiting methods, and I must admit that as the film progressed, I began to focus on finding out what would happen to unfortunate young lovers. In the first minutes, Griffith limits his shots with long long takes from a stationary camera (as was usual at that time), but soon ?? in parallel with the darker subject, he changes his editing tactics in an exciting way. Although he may not have invented this technique, Griffith played a crucial role in popularizing the use of "cross-cutting"? that is, the alternation of different events occurring simultaneously. This not only creates a sense of continuity, but also maximizes the level of expectation, since we, as spectators, are well aware of not only the terrible actions of the king, but also that the wife and the minstrel do not pay attention to it. everything. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, the Sealed Room suffers from many of the drawbacks of that era. The entire film takes place in just two rooms, the footage captures from only three positions, so sometimes it can become boring and monotonous. Acting is greatly exaggerated for an additional effect, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his replay actually contributed to the recognition of the increasing insanity of the faithful king. The moment, which I considered particularly effective, was when two lovers tried to leave the room, only to find their only doorway, replaced by a wall of solid stone. Their panicked reactions, accompanied by the king's low manic wheeze, serve very well to create an oncoming feeling of claustrophobia. However, I did think that their supply of oxygen was surprisingly quickly depleted.
