Not having much luck selling their new film industry scripts during the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908 playwright D.V. Griffith got a job that would make him a legend: he was hired by the company Biographer as a film director. This was not exactly what Griffith had expected when he decided to take up the film business, but he agreed to this work, and less than a year later he became the most successful director of the Biographer thanks to his original approach to making films and wild invention of his story. Many years later, he filmed The Birth of a Nation in 1915, a film that revolutionizes filmmaking and makes it one of the first recognized filmmakers; however, much of what would make him a great director can be found in many short films he made for Biograph in the early years of his career. The Sealed Room of 1909 is one of them, as well as one of the few horror films of that very first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> “Sealed Room” is a plot shot in the 16th century. in which the count (Arhtur V. Johnson) built a room without windows in his castle. This is a small but pleasant and very cozy room, as it is designed to enjoy the love and company of his wife, Countess (Marion Leonard), more privately. However, the earl does not know that his wife is not entirely correct, as she is in love with the Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) in a court with which she has an affair. As soon as the graph begins to go about its business, the Countess calls the minstrel, and both lovers are sent to the new room of the graph. When the count returns, he discovers that she is gone, and begins to suspect, finally finding two lovers in his room; but instead of setting the stage, he prefers to remain hidden, since he decides that there is a better punishment for his unfaithful wife: to seal the windowless room with the couple inside. <br /> <br /> Griffiths Frank E. Woods, regular artist of The Sealed Room, uses elements from Edgar Poe’s Amontillado Barrel and, mainly, Grand Bretech, Honore de Balzac, to create a haunting Gothic melodrama on the basis of the themes of betrayal and sadism. Despite the fact that the Woods script lasts 11 minutes, the script develops the plot very well and is wonderfully combined with the elements of the horror of this story. Being a melodrama at heart, Woods focuses on the character of the count, and his sadism creates one of the best characters of the horrors of this early era. The Sealed Room is certainly a very simple and simple story, but Woods’s treatment of the dark and painful subject of her plot makes the plot a very interesting film that is very different from the melodrama of most Griffith. <br /> <br /> In the Sealed Room, Griffith uses his talents to experiment with stress and stress differently than usual. While he often played with editing to create thrillers that worried his audience, in this film he focused on creating despair and horror, playing with their inherent claustrophobia that was in the original stories. It is interesting how the story begins as another of its melodramas, and gradually the tempo is becoming more and more rapid, as horror themes begin to dominate the plot, culminating in its magnificent use of editing for the final scenes. Not being a film that requires tricks with a camera, Griffith’s talent to lead the actors is most apparent in the Sealed Room, as the legendary director manages to get the most out of his acting skills with his usual natural style, far from spectacular, which was the norm in his days <br /> <br /> As usual, the cast consisted of ordinary Griffith employees, starting with Arthur W. Johnson as a graph. Johnson gives an excellent game and really conveys the character's transition from a loving husband to a sadistic monster. His performance is not devoid of easy replay, but in fact it adds realism to the character's exaggerated personality. As a countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective in her game, conveying a natural charm that makes it difficult not to sympathize with her betrayal. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall looks like a beautiful Minstrel, and although he is far from one of his best performances, he manages to play masterfully, which also adds to the film a pleasant comedy. Although it does not matter much for the plot, it's nice to see other members of the Griffith joint-stock company in the background, such as his wife Linda Arvidson and young Mary Pickford as noblemen in court. <br /> <br /> Although not quite the Masterpiece “The Sealed Room” is a conspicuous editing exercise to create tension and tension, as Griffith did in those days. The film has a very good stage design, and, despite a very small budget, Griffith’s concern for details makes it very convincing and blends perfectly with his directorial style. Changing the focus to horror makes him stand out among his other films of that era, and Johnson’s performance as a sadistic graph makes him worthy of attention. Although Griffith will always be remembered for his very influential (and controversial) The Birth of a Nation, early short films that he shot before they really give a good idea of ​​the development of the techniques and styles that will make him a legend. The simple but elegant "Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch, and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
