Excellent P.O.V. an adventure created by Eric Williams from his own book (a paperback copy included in my father’s library), inspired by true events; Could this be the first film of its kind and, therefore, have a lot to answer for? not just hard-won examples, such as ALBERT, R.N. (1953; which I will be observing now), COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER WITHIN (1959), but louder releases from the other side of the Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963), This, thus, it establishes a fairly solid foundation: British soldiers interned in a German camp, develop an original escape plan, borrowing a page from a Greek legend ?? hiding from under the body of a horse, used during exercise and in full view of their captors! In fact, the film is neatly divided into two halves: the first is devoted to the slow process of digging the tunnel, culminating in the escape itself, while the final stages show their condition outside the camp when they are trying to get to neutral Sweden. As a rule, in these British films, the actors demonstrate several famous (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steele) and promising (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) stars, not to mention countless reliable actors (Anthony Dawson) Brian Forbes, Michael Goodliff and Walter Gotell). Three Leads / Runaways - Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: While the first two stick together, the last one goes his own way? only encounter others when achieving safety. As expected, the narrative includes a lot of anticipation and excitement; as with most men and women, P.O. In the sagas, too, female interest is minimized. Did director Lee have a long career ?? with this and in something similar (albeit with a change in both the situation and the point of view). AS WELL AS ALICE (1956), his most significant achievements ?? but in this case, of course, he milked every exciting situation (even if, as reported, due to delays in the filming, Lee prematurely quit his job, leaving producer Jan Dalrympl with the task of tying his ends!). In any case, it is worth mentioning the exquisite lighting (especially during night episodes) everywhere.
