This is a true story of how three British soldiers escaped from a German prisoner of war camp (Stowag Luft III) during World War II. This is the same camp for prisoners of war, which was the site of the Great Escape, as a result of which the Gestapo killed 50 re-captured officers (and later turned into a very successful film with the same name). <br /> <br /> While other prisoners of war in Stalag Luft III are busy working on their three massive tunnels (known as Tom, Dick and Harry), two enterprising British prisoners came up with the idea to build a wooden stable that can be placed close to the composite wire fence, reducing the distance they have to make from this starting point to freedom. The idea to build their own version of the "Trojan Horse" came to their mind when they discussed the "classic" escape attempts and watched some prisoners of war playing in the frog jumping camp. <br /> <br /> Initially, there was one, and then two prisoners of war, hidden inside, a wooden horse could be carried into the complex and placed daily in almost the same position near the fence. While the voluntary prisoners jumped over the horse, the fugitives were busy inside the horse, digging a tunnel from under the horse in jumping, being near the wire, under the wire and in the forest. <br /> <br /> This story also describes in detail the dangers faced by two of the three escaping prisoners of war during a trip to Germany and occupied Europe after they left the tunnel. All three prisoners of war who tried to escape, in fact, ran into a home run (successfully ran to their base). The Wooden Horse gives a very accurate and true sense of the tension and events of the breakthrough of prisoners of war. The film was shot at real locations along the route along which two prisoners of war fled. Made at a much lower cost than the Great Escape, the Wooden Horse is more realistic, if not more exciting, than the Great Escape, and will never stop keeping you on the edge of its place, fighting for prisoners of war to escape. <br /> <br /> The storyline is clear and the action sounds believable and stiff enough to maintain tension throughout the entire movie. Wooden Horse is based on the eponymous book by Eric Williams and is clearly the best story about the escapes of prisoners of war ever made in the film. Some of the real prisoners of war were used in the film to replicate their existence as prisoners in Staluffa Luft III. I give this film a well-deserved top ten.
