Something about the 40-year-old Virgin and another summer comedy hit, Wedding Crashers, are similar, but in some ways these are two different films. Both are romantic comedies, in which there is a crazy sensitivity that makes teenagers and guys at the age of 20 along with the usual crowd of acquaintances go to watch movies. Both also have a formula for the story. But by the end of the 40-year-old Maiden, I think I found that overall it was more pleasant than the “Crashers”. Although you can guess where the relationship with Steve Carrell, Andy and Catherine Keener, Trish will go, the story is not so difficult to figure out, as is the case with Crashers, and the leading and supportive characters are more rounded than most one-dimensional or inexplicable people. in another. And, perhaps, it may also depend on how much you identify (or just find madness) in both. <br /> <br /> The fact is that some people can enter the "40-year-old virgin" without knowing Steve Carrell. like Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, how Carrell created his cult status on The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows now) and in small, but unforgettably riotous roles in Lead and Bruce Almighty. This is his first major role, but it is not perceived as a third-class car. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow relate to Andy's character with a certain degree of sincerity, which keeps the audience on his side all the time, even at an early stage when he talks to his characters, redrawing them. This is also a difficult line to go in the hands of the landlord; it can be no more or less interesting than Lackluster for 40 days and 40 nights with Josh Hartnett (also about sexual dysfunction). As the name implies, Andy is a 40-year-old who, like a good friend, is still with little Pee-Wee Herman in it (opening a loan for his apartment is funny, a good sign). <br /> <br /> So, his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romani Mankoy, Seth Rogen, all very good comics) try to come up with different strategies and tips to finally remove the curse over Andy’s head in order to push his cherry to speak. He almost gets with an overly drunk woman, he almost gets with a freaky girl, and almost with his own boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in mockumentaries) as a (sensible) buddy. But soon everything starts to disappear when he enters into a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works across the street from him. Since they are built on relationships that are not based on sex at all, one may fear that the plot mechanism “how he is going to tell her this and that” may prevent the comedy. This is not true. In fact, in any case, Carrell and the cast rely on him to a very high degree. For almost an hour and a half of the two-hour length of the film, I could barely laugh, be it big or small. <br /> <br /> Big laughter, although it does not compensate for any kind of formality with the plot, or one or two small random stories (colleagues also have their own problems in the relationship, Rudd is the funniest). Big laughter pervades because of Carrell’s reaction and the fact that the people around him can either reinforce a kind of humor / charm, or something truthful. Kiner gives very good results and makes them so that in their relationship was a genuine spirit (and, unlike the "Crushers", there is not so much sense in the character). For someone like me who likes when a comedian can laugh at how he looks, Carrell gets very high marks here. And, as in the film with the Farrelli Brothers, more rude or outrageous scenes are filmed with complete absurdity; The “growing” scene (which, by the way, was made for real) and something like the Aquarius musical number near the very end of the film (the way it appears at first glance is a complete, loud surprise). But if you are ready to not be offended by this, there is something else. This is one of the funniest films of the year.
