The critique of EVENING, based on Susan Minot’s novel and screen-adapted Minot and Michael Cunningham, was harsh, so harsh that, perhaps, she dissuaded many viewers from trying the film. The main criticism was focused on the fact that very little happens in this film about how a dying woman gets upset because of the mistake she made one summer in her youth, that very minor roles were given to famous actors, that the whole performance was unduly promoted etc. For this viewer, seeing the film on a DVD in the silence of the house, a completely different reaction took place. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in her home by the ocean and takes medicine and memories that allow her to share the name of a man - “Harris” - with her two adult daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). Since her daughters are sitting at her bedside, Ann is going through a special summer when she was a bridesmaid for her best friend Lila (Mami Gammer) - Anne’s marriage (Claire Danes as young Ann) and Lila Buddy’s alcoholic brother (Hugh Dancy) objected to Feeling that Laila simply marries a man of her class instead of the boy she loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of her housekeeper, who became a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are woven together in a series of hobbies and romances that have been kept secret until now, 50 years later, when Ann dies. The elder Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end, and the secrets are revealed: "There are no such things as mistakes - life just goes on." The film is a delicate mood, and the script of Mino and Cunningham is rich in atmosphere and subtle life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in history that could use more explanations, but in order to preserve the aura of nostalgia of the words of a dying lady, such “holes” are understandable. Not only Redgrave, Richardson (the true daughter of Redgrave), Collett, Gammer (the true daughter of the Strip), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson are present in the film, but the Ensemble is short, but very solid performances. The decor is gorgeous (the cinematography of Gyula Pados), and the musical accompaniment is the unique Ian A.P. Kaczmarek Directed by Layos Koltai ("Be Julia"). Judge this movie on your own .... Grady Harp
