So many wonderful actresses in one film serve as a practical invitation to the local cinema, so I responded properly. Here are a few comments. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is gorgeous, even when she is in bed. She also looks very old, and I do not think that this is achieved with the help of a large amount of cosmetics, which is good for the film, but sad for us film lovers. I think her aging has become a bit dramatic in recent years. Claire Danes continues her long-awaited return to the movies and radiates a certain amount of heat. Mamie Gummer's similarity with her mother Merlie Streep in terms of appearance and playing style is so striking that I lost concentration in the film for a couple of minutes after its release. She is surprisingly good; however, such similarities can be dangerous for her. I agree with the previous comment: Natasha Richardson has definitely worked on her face. She, of course, is not similar to how I remember her from previous films (for example, “Nell”). Both she and Tony Collett, unfortunately, do not make much of an impression, in part because they do not look convincingly like sisters. Their interaction is weak. Tony Collette is too old for his character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep should have had more time on the screen. Stripe's performance is actually a bit more than a cameo. Her scenes, on the other hand, have more emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins provides some welcome dryness of mind, especially in her second role as an imaginary night companion to the character of Redgrave. As for men; Hugh Dancy animates the film considerably, although it gives a wider picture than necessary. In fact, as soon as he leaves the story, he begins to pull. Also his merit is that he manages to create precisely the necessary feeling of boyish charm in the viewer. Patrick Wilson, on the other hand, is a total void in the center of the film. He also has the misfortune that the script is not enough to explain why three people (one of whom is a man) are so greatly affected by this man. A background story of this should have been worked out over. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is excellent, as expected. However, the main summer house could not convince me. It does not look natural on top of this rocky hill, especially with its grassy spot in front. Too cardboard, like. <br /> <br /> In general, the film is a cool production, but during most of the film I was seized with the feeling “I saw everything in front of me”, to which everyone was shouting. duration and, therefore, she did not have the effect on me that I expected from the tears. Nevertheless, I still managed to make me think about the past tense, expectations of life and the extent to which they are fulfilled or not. It is worth trying at least on DVD, if not in the movies ...
