Watching the trailer for "Evenings", you will probably first think about how great the cast is (I mean that they even have their own Brad Rocky Horror, Barry Bostwick, to show the world in which he still operates) and the next second about how they just showed us the whole movie. Although the film is not entirely truthful, the film is largely summed up in the trailer, and this is not necessarily bad. This is a story about a dying woman who remembers a long time ago when she met the love of her life — the one that left. Her daughters hear her remembering people they had never heard of, and the story of what happened when she and Harris killed Buddy ends soon. But whatever happens, the film is not about these people and what they are doing, good or bad. This means to show that there are no mistakes in life. That which may be a regret may in fact be the only time in your life that should have happened in order for the good times to come. <br /> <br /> The story itself is well told and very obviously adapted from the literature. Our filmmakers decide to tell a story by traversing the present (Ann on her deathbed), dream state (Ann hallucinates, combining the present with the past in her mind) and the past (Ann meets Harris at her best friend's wedding). There are several times when the cuts are a bit unexpected, and the progress of the past is so good that you can find the material of the present time a little boring and boring, but in general it is processed better than at first glance. The point is not that Ann’s life is not interesting now, it has less to do with the plot than with the moral being studied. Although I admit that parallels with the past help alleviate problems for Ann’s children at the moment, I was still too excited at the wedding to take care of what I could have had. However, there are some pleasant moments, for example, the accident, which awakens Ann from a nap, reflected later, and mysterious dreams that connect both worlds together. <br /> <br /> Memories make memories so exciting and flowing. These performances completely chain you to the fact that you are a little angry when our time period has changed, and we have to wait to find out what will happen next. No matter how annoying I find Claire Danes' angry / sad / crying face, which is present in every role she plays, the girl is good at what she does. Recently, I am more and more warming her talents, and this only contributes to thawing. Patrick Wilson is always great in everything I've seen him. You have to give him credit for choosing some truly fantastic roles and never making much more than one movie per year. From angels in America to last year’s little children, the guy will soon explode, but hopefully he will remain faithful to the craft, and not get the money. Heck, even Mami Gammer is good as the younger version of her real mother Meryl Streep (which is surprisingly very little in the film). She is still rude around the edges, but she was gorgeous in expressing the emotional turmoil that her character was experiencing on her wedding day. However, the real revelation is Hugh Dancy. I feel that I have seen it in many things, but in fact it seems only from King Arthur. Dancy literally steals every scene he is in, and the way his role of Buddy is emptied with love / alcohol / life is reflected in his facial expressions everywhere. Without his performance, the episodes of memories could fall into a somewhat forgotten category, as in the rest of the film, and make the experience a whole lot worse. <br /> <br /> Although not entirely original in what the writers wrote After, Evening brings intelligence and skill to the table. You may be able to make a mistake in the length and number of scenes cut to tie everything together, but you can’t argue that the game is not worth hanging around. Maybe in the movie about the wedding one could see something, however, when all this is put together, this can turn out to be something that could not be achieved without all the other plot flows. In any case, the gain in the majority is worth it so that each level of reality ends in its subtle beauty and corresponds to what it was before.
