On her deathbed, Anne Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeats the name "Harris" and remembers the day of the 50s when she was a challenger singer and came from New York as a bridesmaid of her rich girlfriend Leela Wittenborn (Mamie Gammer). ) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) greets the alcoholic and reckless brother Leela Buddy (Hugh Dancy) at Wittenborn cottage on the coast, and he tells her that his sister is in love with his friend and servant Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), who fought in the war and got higher education in medicine. Later, the future bride confesses Ann to her true feelings for Harris. However, when Ann meets Harris, she falls in love with him, and they have a brief romance for one night while tragedy happens to Buddy. Meanwhile, Ann’s daughters, unsafe and unstable Nina Mars (Tony Collette) and the happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson), are concerned about their mother and have differences that need to be resolved. <br /> <br /> “Evening” has one of the best female performances I have ever seen in the film, with great performances. The stunning similarity of Mamie Gummer to her mother Meryl Streep is amazing, and she has a performance that honors her mother's name. Places, costumes, scenery, cinematography and soundtrack are also amazing. Unfortunately, the plot is confusing, and I do not quite understand the meaning of this film. Why is motherhood so important in history? Was Constance born on the night stand of Ann and Harris, and would he become her father? Why didn't Ann and Harris stay together if the guy really loved her, as he confesses in their chance meeting in New York? What problems did Ann Lord solve after Leela Ross's visit? Was Buddy Wittenborn bisexual or was his love for Harris fraternal love? Why did Nina Mars eventually change her thoughts about motherhood? It seems that the writers or the director failed because they could not find the meaning and realization of the beautiful love story. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("Evening")
