The evening is a beautiful story about the vicious love of a mother. The film is divided by time, magically filmed, strikingly valid and has a touching script. Vanessa Redgrave plays Ann Grant Lord, a woman who sits down from life. Lying in her bed, remembering and missing thoughts, she remembers her first mistake. Claire Danes plays a young Ann, giving the young life force a dying bed woman. Daughters Nina (Tony Collett) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) are trying to unravel the real story of the depressing dementia. Her first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); The man whom her best friend Lila (Mami Hammer) deeply loved. Daughters must come to terms with their mother's past and their future. Actors shine in the evening. The collective acting energy of this film could activate the equipment for the production of the entire film. I'm so glad Claire Danes is working again, especially in this role. She is so young and lively, fully experiencing the joys, mistakes and sorrows of young Anna's first mistake. This is a real feat when you realize that she is playing a woman dying in bed. When her life fills her, you can feel her desire to break and her hopeless hope that she will not. Some of her facial expressions came down a little on me, but overall her performance was so radiant that I stayed with this only as an additional note. Tony Collette goes on to prove that you can be a strong actress without being a super model. She plays the black sheep of the family; a little lost. Nina finds great power in her mother's mistake. Colett delicately avoids creating a cruel character reveling in his mother’s mistakes, instead choosing a wiser way of learning from his mother’s mistakes. There is much controversy between Nina and her sister, Constance. Their fights remind me of those that I have with my sister all the time. Mami Gammer, who plays Anna's best friend, is beautiful. Her character is stuck between her heart and her status in society. Even when she is crying and her heart is breaking, she is incredibly regal and charming. I can't wait to see her actions in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's speech is very difficult for me to describe. Her talent for making her mental status ambiguous without being crazy or even particularly tragic is why he is so strong. The audience does not know if it is making up a story, because it is slipping away, or these events have really happened. Physically and emotionally speaking, Redgrave operates in a box. The small physical space and limited emotional range may have been staggering for a lesser actress, but it makes the restrictions work for her. I was constantly amazed. The film is definitely aimed at women, but the men in the film are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson hypnotizes like Harris. No wonder everyone in the film is in love with him, I'm sure. Buddy Wittenborn - Leela's brother, spinning out of control. Hugh Dancy takes Baddy out of control without sending him to attack. Glen Close has my favorite movie scene. It reminded me of the famous scene from Monster's Ball. This is terrible, and the jaw drops sadness. I was completely stunned. One actual disappointment was Natasha Richardson. While her battle scenes were memorable, most of her acting scenes smell like melodrama. For her, it would be advisable to take an actor's bath before we had to breathe her stench. Well, that she was not responsible for the visual effects. The visual effects of the movie sparkle. Cinematographer Gyula Pados could not make the film more saturated in color, light, ideal for mood and emotions. Visual concepts of flashback sequences are powerful and resonant. There were many scenes that could be stopped, printed, mounted and sold as art. I admit it, I cried. The evening is a powerful movie. The evening is defiant, but really great. If you want to impress a woman by choosing a movie, select Evening.
