Since I began to read the book on which this film is based, I have mixed feelings about the result taken. Some time ago I learned how to watch a book adaptation of a book before reading a book, because I found that if I first read the book, I will inevitably be disappointed in the film. This would undoubtedly be true here, while in the case of the Atonement, which is probably the best film adaptation of the book I have ever seen, it probably wouldn't matter. <br /> <br /> I’m trying to figure out the reason, and I suspect that I should point the finger at Michael Cunningham directly. Despite the fact that I respect him for “The Watch” (which I did not read, but which I saw and admired), I cannot get rid of the feeling that he did not so much adapt Susan Minton’s book as he took several characters and the main premise. and write your own movie out of it. <br /> <br /> Not that I didn’t like the movie. I really like the film, so since I started reading the novel, I feel worried about all this. I feel disloyal to Mrs. Minton, who enjoyed the film, which so far away from her work. By reading this, I can understand why she had such a struggle, fitting it. Unlike what one reviewer of the film said, some novels do not deserve to be a film; it's more like some books just can't make the transition. Ms. Minton’s romance works at a level so personal and intimate for her central character, so internally that it seems to me impossible to place him in the physical realm. Although most of the book is a memory of real events, it is a memory, and so fragmented and unearthly that it seems to me that it cannot be removed. I think that the work of Ms. Minton is a true literary work, but she cannot turn to a film that in no way diminishes its value. <br /> <br /> I still can’t tell you what the movie “Evening” does. I can’t imagine the “Evening” novel, no more than superficially, since I'm only halfway through, but the original would have to make a huge leap to resemble a movie which follows at this stage. I guess I am writing this because I feel that if you are going to adapt the novel, adapt it, but do not do it with something else, that it is not. I'm not sure that Michael Cunningham did something completely original, but from what I see so far, everything he did was based on someone else’s work. We would not have “Hours” if Virginia Woolf had not written Mrs. Dalloway, and we would not have “Evening” in her upset form, if Susan Minton had not so many problems with doing what probably was not should try at all. But it’s too much to say that it would be better if Mrs. Minton left it quite well alone, because the film “Evening” is in itself a satisfactory and beautiful piece. <br /> <br /> Thus, my confusion, mixed feelings, feelings of disloyalty and the final conclusion that in this case the novel cannot be a film and vice versa, and my possible thanks to both authors for what they did, so we have both works as they are.
