The first "secondary history" in the universe of Gundam in the universal century represents a refreshing new look at the war between the earth and the space colonies. The focus is no longer a small group of people who will play a key role in the conflict, but the everyday civilian population and how war is seen by their eyes. <br /> <br /> The story does make it contain some of the main products of Gundam, its prerequisite are the attempts of the ZEON team to capture the experimental Gundam, but this is a plot performance that made this show so interesting to watch. This series of articles focuses on the experience of a young boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor Christina Mackenzie, who is secretly a pilot of the Federation, and a newcomer Zeon called Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of “brotherly love” for Bernie, while our young pilot “Zeon” also falls in love with Christina. <br /> <br /> “War in your pocket” proves that you don’t need an exciting epic story about special people that you can do for a good military history. There are no Uber Ace pilots or large fleet battles. This short 6-part OVA focuses more on the emotional drama of the characters than on other topics such as politics or philosophy, and I like the way the characters are portrayed realistically. Alfred is your typical everyday child who plays violent computer games and thinks the military is cool. Then he is given an accelerated course in the terrible realities of war. The incredible friendship and connection between Bernie and Cristina, each of whom does not know that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, plays out very realistically, without going beyond the bounds of a romantic drama. The same goes for the wonderful relationship between Alfred and Burney. However, I would not want to spoil much of the story here, but it makes it much more heartbreaking to look at the tragedies that unfold, as the show moves all the way to its emotionally destructive twist ending. <br /> <br /> Despite the lack of action, this show never falls into the “boring” category. Characters are attractive enough to carry the entire performance. Do not worry, as there are many scenes of battle suits scattered here and there. Each of them is beautifully animated at a level higher than the OVA level, and will surely satisfy the craving for some “indispensable” battles with mobile costumes in the Gundam series. <br /> <br /> I usually watch anime in Japanese or English. would leave up personal preference. But in this case, I highly recommend the English voice track, not the Japanese one. Not only are the characters, of which all but Alfred are Caucasians, sound more plausible in English, but the performances of the English vocal composition are on the same level and even surpass the Japanese, instilling in each character such realistic emotions and intonations that they only play. in some live television dramas. <br /> <br /> In short, this show does not attempt to impress viewers. What he does conveys the many warm themes that are closest to home, especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. A truly touching little story that deserves more respect than it is given.
