This is a complex film that explores the influence of fordist and teilist methods of industrial capitalist production on human relations. There are constant references to production on the assembly line, where workers are treated like teeth in a car, supervised by managers owning a clipboard, controlling how much hair is left by workers, and dismissing workers (Stanley) who meet all the criteria (as his the head, always on time, hard workers, do a good job) but who can make a mistake in some uncertain future. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley must send his father to a nursing home (where he dies quickly) after Stanley loses his job. Iris's daughter is a single mother who quits school to get a job at a factory. Reference is made to the fact that now that wages are declining, both partners must work, and this means that no one is left at home to take care of the children. Husband Iris died from the disease, and, given the numerous references in the film about the cost of medical care, the viewer must wonder if he could live with better and more expensive care. Iris's son-in-law becomes offensive after another unsuccessful day at the unemployment office, when his wife shouts at him to buy beer with his savings, instead of leaving him for his facelift and / or teeth work (even the working class without a bet conventional bourgeois ideas of perfection and beauty bribe them). One of the mentions of the race in the film is a black factory worker whose husband is in prison (presumably he is also black, and black men suffer from disproportionately high prison rates). She notes that he, like her, “makes time” - her family consists of a prisoner and a hired slave. <br /> <br /> Stanley, nevertheless, still believes in human relations and therefore supports the majority of the film outside the Fordist capitalism system. He takes care of his father, despite the fact that it was his father’s work as a traveling salesman that led to his illiteracy - he had not yet reduced human relations to a purely instrumental contract, as brother-in-law Iris does (assuming he had "married" the wrong sister “). He, as Iris says, does not correspond to the usual“ work-food-sleep-mode ”; rather, he uses technologies and methods of industrial production in an artisanal and creative manner, in a Bauhaus ideal. years (ta them as Bauhaus) - to use technology to meet all basic needs, providing more free time for creative human labor and more complete human relations. He is also outside traditional gender relations. He cooks, he cleans, he takes care of his family, and he knows how to iron. Iris, on the other hand, plays the traditionally masculine role - she is a factory worker, the main source of income for her (extended) family, and she brings Stanley into the public domain, traditionally inaccessible for women women. Having taught him to read and write, she gives him access to the world of knowledge, also traditionally male. <br /> <br /> Literacy is used here as a metaphor for the (traditionally masculine) social realm and systems of circulation (monetary, automotive, cultural) that allow participation in public life. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - jobs open to him - cooking and cleaning. He is excluded from all regular calls, unable to participate in money (can not open a bank account), in a vehicle (can not get a driver's license, can not ride a bus), and socially (he asks if he exists, if he doesn’t he can write his name. <br /> <br /> After learning to read, he takes books on car repair, agriculture and spirituality (the Bible). The word of God is therefore relativized, placed in the same value plan as the books with practical recommendations. In fact, an organized rela Gia is very rarely present - the Bible also appears on the dresser when the camera shows Stanley and Iris having sex.However, this is recognized as moral strength - Iris, obviously a character dedicated to the life of a “good” life, mentions in the beginning of the film that her beads among the items lost in the wallet. <br /> <After he has learned to read, he enters the system and receives a management position with a health plan, a car and a house, taking his place at the head of the family, the breadwinner of the family. Supposedly, he is an industrial designer who comes up with products that will demand from other people experiencing hard work on the conveyor. This finale is probably the only bit out of ordinary Hollywood in the film, so incompatible with everything that was before me, at least, wondering if it was not caused by some kind of executive director of the studio, suddenly concerned about the lack of a good finale. and its potential impact on the outcome. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the experts, we comfortably moved to post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a bit of a nostalgic feeling, as if we need a historical distance to really analyze what happened during this period. <br /> <br /> However, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to train your brain. Do not pay attention to the ending, and it is close to the ideal 10.
