I love All Dogs Go to Heaven, although I am a guy. This and the Earth before Time are the best animated films that Don Blute made! In the film, Garley Barkin (Burt Reynolds) helps his Itchy (Dom DeLuise) friend break free from a pound in New Orleans in 1939. Charlie, who works in a casino, wants to share his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface, who doesn't want to share his equal with Charlie, pushes the car on the bridge onto Charlie, killing him! Charlie goes to heaven and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore), who shows Charlie that his time has run out, showing him a stopped watch, and she explains that all dogs go to heaven because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides the stopwatch behind his back and switches it back, and he returns to Earth alive with Annabelle screaming. You can never come back! Charlie reunites with Itchy, and they soon go on reconnaissance to find out that Carrade not only tried to kill Charlie, but also kidnapped a little orphan girl named Anne Marie (Judith Barcy). When Carface leaves, Charlie and Itch help Ann Marie escape. The next day, Charlie Ichi and Ann Marie are sent to look for money! Ann Marie sees a couple who, in her opinion, will be an excellent parent for her! While Ann Marie is talking to a couple, Charlie sneaks up on a man and steals his wallet! Then Charlie Ann Marie and Ichi go to the races, where they put the money that the horse will win the race! The horse, which they say will win, will win, and Charlie, Ichi and Ann Marie will pay $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie that he will use the money to hand out to the poor, but ultimately buys a new casino and gambling, and also buys pizza for his friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon Ann Marie found out that Charlie stole a man’s wallet and used his money for horse racing and all that! Charlie, sad about this, wants to go to Hell and the Devil! Soon, Charlie wakes up and finds out that Ann Marie is no more! She left to return the purse to the couple who forgive her purse and invites her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to leave with him, and she pretends to be sick, but the mice that are trying to feed them with King Hathor have grabbed her, but they manage to escape! Soon Carface appears and captures Ann Marie. He plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to the rescue and calls for King Gator, who eats Carface. Charlie's time is up, and he must die again. The itch with the help of other dogs finds a pair that has brought Ann Marie and makes them go with them to where Anne Marie is. They are in time to save Ann Marie, but too late to save Charlie, whose time is over! Charlie, who is being honored for her heroic efforts to save Anne Marie, is invited back to heaven, but before entering, he says goodbye to Anne Marie, who was adopted by the couple, and asks her to take care of itch for him. She says yes and says Charlie that she loves him and goodbye! Charlie goes to heaven again, as they say, all dogs go to heaven! Filled with beautiful animation, characters and history, Don Blut once again proved to us that he is a good animator! It is a pity that this film was released in the same year, The Little Mermaid, my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, a year before my birth! I think I will have to call them both the best animated roles of 1989! 10 out of 10!
