First of all, sv. Ives film is based on the story of Robert Louis Stevenson of the same name, but this time it is not a criticism. The original novel was unfinished, incomplete after the author’s death, and by freely adapting it and giving it an end, the filmmakers brought to life some adorable characters who, although different from the originals of Stevenson, would allow me to be fascinated and amused. <br /> <br /> This is the year 1813. Captain Jacques de Kerual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat orphaned by the guillotine of the Revolution, now serving as a hussar in Napoleon’s army. We meet with him, going out in the evening, claiming that since the hussar, who did not die by the age of 30, is a “black guard,” he, at 34, is now “in borrowed time”! Of course, when faced with a series of duels, our dashing hero seems in danger, but a surrealistic joke on his colonel gives him a way out of duels to the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, this also leads to the loss of his commission ... Further misadventures lead to the fact that he is captured by the British and sent to a prisoner of war camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> When cutting out toys and boxes, Jacques attracts the attention of Flora, the young niece of Miss Susan Gilchrist, the many traveling women of the world who live in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the story concerns how Flora helps Jacques escape and find his émigré grandfather, an old count. Of course there is a problem. Jacques's elder brother, Alain, a reckless alcoholic — perhaps, understandably — is far from happy when grandfather deprives him of his inheritance before the whole family, at the very moment when Jacques appeared ... By treachery of treachery! There is also an interesting story about the novel between the awkward, naive, but kind-hearted Major Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, who traveled for the most part of the Ottoman Empire and was captured by the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even with the natural prejudice in favor of any film in which the heroines share my last name, “St. Ives is magic! It combines great sword fighting, hot air ballooning, comedy and romantic adventures. I would recommend it to anyone who loves “films that they no longer make” - Fairbanks, Coleman, Flynn and others. The game is great. Anna Friel makes Flora an energetic and attractive heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr is adorable as Jacques, a truly cute hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already my favorite favorites, and they are just as fun as Susan and Farquharu, whose relationships act as a comic counterpoint to the presenters. Like a vile, cunning, but ultimately tragic, Alain, Jason Isaacs shows how he did this quite recently in The Patriot, that he has a classic style of nonsense, besides a stunning appearance! Please, please, will someone choose him as a “hero” in the genre? In the book, the castle, in which Jacques is in captivity, is clearly Edinburgh, but the film, shot in Ireland, Germany and France, is “exalted,” which makes the preservation of such place names as Swanston, Invereus and Queensferry completely irrelevant. The costumes are also real hot, from the 1780s to the period in which they are installed. Although it would not be implausible if the more “successful” characters from the downstream market looked strange, wealthy ladies such as heroines would wear dresses from the 1780s in 1813. Obviously, the cost decision was aesthetic: these earlier styles are visually much more attractive and elegant than Regency fashion, and they work in the idealized world of film. In general, sv. Ives' is 90 minutes of pure delight.
