Like his older brothers Claude Sote and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corno began cutting teeth in French cinema with the help of a series of excellent thrillers: La Menace (1977) and Série Noire (1979) and others. The Police Python 357 is a good example of how Corno conceived and shot his work during this time of his career. They had great cinematography, painstaking scenarios, and sophisticated guidance designed for efficiency. <br /> <br /> Senior Policeman Ferro (Yves Montand) - a police officer with unconventional methods, who usually works alone. He meets a young woman, Sylvia Leopardi (Stefania Sandrelli), and becomes her lover, ignoring the fact that she has another lover: his boss Ganay (Francois Perrier). When the latter finds out about this, he kills her in a fit of anger. Ferro must investigate the murder, and all the evidence against him is inexorable ... <br /> <br /> You might think that this contrived story does not release you from glitches, and sometimes you can see it through. This, but Korno’s pedantic uncut style, helps create a sultry, twilight atmosphere. The first part of the film before the night of the murder may seem uninteresting, but it is important what follows this key point. Korno returns to sober treatment with rather rare moments and short appearances of secondary, secondary characters, which the viewer will see again during the investigation. Despite the flaws, Corno and his screenwriter Daniel Boulanger composed a tricky story. Menard (Mathieu Carrière), who sometimes expresses his surprise, because Ferro behaves relatively restrained during the investigation. But his boss knows that he usually works alone. In fact, Ferro must find solid tricks to stir the water and thereby justify itself. In the end, the main idea of ​​the film concerns Ferro himself. He is a policeman who gradually loses his identity and finds himself at the center of terrible depersonalization. This incarnates at the moment when he throws acid in his face so that the witnesses would not recognize him when he came face to face with them. <br /> <br /> Against this thriller, Orleans is effectively enhanced by Corno's camera and helps inspire this creepy thriller with its destructive charm.
