Why is it called "Mistresses" - this is a mystery, because we are talking about four women, three of whom are not mistresses ?? Except wait. Oh, I see. This is an obscene name, and I think we should all trade. The show itself? Delicious. Most characters are devilishly inclined to cut off metaphorical pieces from themselves. Great pleasure. Reminds me of the 1976 LWT Bouquet of Barbed Wire mini-series, where each character and their dads owned a machete. <br /> <br /> Siobhan (Eagle Brady) - the only true lover, and she gets into trouble. A husband is barren. So the chances of a child there are not. But at work there is Dominic, who is played by super-sexy Adam Reiner, who looks so good that it is not surprising when strong lust breaks out. Dominic, it turns out, has no problems with fertility. I expect his sperm to slouch against each other — probably everyone has a small sword — and now Siobhan is inevitably pregnant instead. What Siobhan must do is shut up well and firmly, and to continue is a miracle. Of course, she actually tells her friends: "I have to tell my husband." No, you are not. In fact, you do not. Stop. Stop! <br /> <br /> Katie (Sarah Parish) once was a mistress because we find out that she had an affair with a married man before the show began. Unreasonably, she is now busy with his son. His father died of cancer, and Katie, the doctor, helped him on his journey. So, she is an euthanasiac woman, dealt with two of her patients and sleeps with her father’s son, casually ignoring the incestuous tone. For Katie this will not end well. <br /> <br /> Jessica is an experimental lesbian. She arranges events, and she is engaged in a lesbian marriage, as the series begins. She quickly enters into a pair exchange of views with one of the brides Alex, played by Anna Torv, and the script hurries to the lesbian with great haste. However, he cannot come up with a good way to put two women in bed, so he comes up with a very lame thing: “Do you have a chicken night ?! Well, I can't let you get away with it. I will organize one, and the guests will be .. I! "who achieves the result, but not quite Winterson. I thought the writers had to make a living. Lazy. Torv interprets her character well. Alex views Jessica as perhaps unpleasant, and Alex’s body language always points back when she moves Go ahead. Remember, as soon as she steps over the wall, she will happily go and, not surprisingly, because Shelly Conn is so appetizing that such a large percentage of the human race would get a chance. <br /> <br /> Which brings us to Trudy who is a widow. Of course, in community There should be simple people, but if you have a simple character, you have to invent something to admire. It is quite possible to be lumpy and attractive. Nevertheless, Trudy Small looks like one of those characters whom Casting singled out on medieval scene after the director said: "This is funny, not every character will be good." Moreover, you can not find anything to admire it. Nothing like that. She turnips in a bowl with apples. Unfortunately, she occasionally has sex. I will not forget her appearance in a bright red corset with stockings, worn on her crotch for a long time, and for all the wrong reasons. <br /> <br /> So, good, destructive fun from all sides. There is enough material for the second series, and I hope that they will do it. I believe they learn one lesson. Characters never take off their underwear in bed! After spending their hours of unbridled lust, they come to the surface, still dressed in bras, or keep sheets wrapped around their naughty pieces. After several episodes there are no nipples yet, and you can ask for a rooster. What is it? Puritanism beginning of the XXI century? So, the production team, are you listening? Your characters will solve some of their mental problems if they refuse themselves and also discuss it. At least, they will be more fun in the fun scenes, poor things. In a TV series that is dominated by either being in the bedroom, or wanting to be in the bedroom, or just being in the bedroom, this is a bit silly and annoying that the characters are moaning in their underwear. <br /> <Overall. I was going to score 6 (middle class), but the series does one trick, which is quite rare. When each episode ends, you always want more, and you look forward to the next. So, I scored 7.
