Knowing what to expect (as a whole) from Denzel Washington's speech - quality, honesty, earnestness, humor - will prepare you for what to expect from his directorial debut. Like Robert De Niro's The Bronx Story, Antwone Fisher represents the exciting drama of a young man’s life and the influence of key figures in his life. Just as in “The Bronx Fairy Tale”, De Niro played one of these key figures with the main character (the character himself was born to play, but was too old). In this, Washington plays the same role as the father’s advisor to the title character - character. it seems that Washington should play it from 20 years ago. Be grateful that Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if he were such, we would be in the first place deprived of the surprisingly measured and intellectually nuanced that he gives as an adviser to the navy. However, more importantly, we would not see the superb, we can only hope that the stars will turn into Derek Luke in the title role. Inevitably, the character looks like being cast in the shape of Washington, but you have the impression that this is not only because Washington was in charge of this, not that Luke tried to copy it, but that Luke is really powerful and provokes thoughts like Washington. It took Washington too long to get the Academy Award, which he earned for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, the Devil in a Blue Dress and the Hurricane, hopefully that Luke will not have to wait that long. Also a wonderful actor was the role of Joy Bryant as Fisher Cheryl's girlfriend. While the role could be forgettable support or the standard “girlfriend” role, Bryant fills her with life. The tender and intelligent role goes beyond stereotypes when Bryant inhabits it, and it makes the role meaningful and interesting. It also does not hurt that Bryant is perhaps the most attractive woman you see on celluloid this year - only a smile can melt the coldest heart. Acting skills and appearance - why this woman is not created in everything right now. Providing good support in a small role in Sally Richardson as Washington's wife Bertha. Speaking more with silence or gaze than many Hollywood actresses can handle in a whole movie, she informs the audience about all the storylines long before any exposure takes place. As for the leadership of Washington, as I said, it is the direct equivalent of its actions. To take the story of a man that few people know about and make it really interesting is a difficult feat that Washington achieves with aplomb. The film is in no hurry and does not catch the eye, but it is never slow or boring. He weighted and nuanced, perfectly balanced humor and drama. Antwone Fisher may not surprise you if you like big, explosive, plotless Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate the delicate workmanship of the character, with excellent performance and a steady, well-controlled direction, this is for you.
