Unlike other commentators who commented on the ability of this film to transcend the race, on the contrary, I think this powerful film represents a complex and deep story that examines institutional racism and its consequences. Washington directs Fisher's story with a cautious hand and a critical eye, refusing this cinematic tendency either to dismember female bodies, not to perpetuate mindless stereotypes, or to satisfy white expectations. I think this film may be too happy at the end; however, it is deeply rooted in African-American culture and suggests that some white viewers may feel that they are looking into the life of this African-American, Antwon Fisher. I have problems with the naval aspect of the film, but when we look at America, black people who are / were in Fisher's situation or in similar situations do not have many options or opportunities. Viewers can go to this film in anticipation of the "Black film: what is the" Black film? "<br /> <br /> Stereotypes of pimps, whores, drug traffickers, single-parent houses, etc., make up the" Black Film "" I think that Washington, as a director, recognized that African Americans and other people of color have dealing with human problems, such as ill-treatment and displaced aggression, to name a few. These problems - historically and nowadays - only received light and validity through “Good Will Hunting” and other white films; it’s time to give them the same recognition and reality as their white counterparts in and outside the media. <br /> <br /> Although, unfortunately, in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke may have to wait another ten years before they get an Oscar or something. Both of them will have to wait until they become directors or stars in a film that perpetuates the usual racist and sexist stereotypes in order to get an Oscar. for example, Denzel deserved awards for Malcolm X, Hurricane and others before this Jive “Training Day” Oscar. This does not mean denying or repelling other great actresses and color actors who are denied praise for their brilliant work. However, Hollywood would prefer to send the message that racism, sexism and heterosexism are acceptable, perpetuating and even rewarding these stereotypes, appearing in countless films such as “American Beauty”, “Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil”, “American pie". and even Gone With the Wind. <br /> <br /> Derek Luke is a damn actor and I wish him all the best. All the other actresses and actors gave excellent performances with their hands, although I do not agree with the choice of Denzel for another blonde blonde with straight hair. However, everyone should watch this movie. However, this may not be for everyone. Lots of luv. 10/10
