This film, based on real events, was written for the first time by director and longtime actor Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington gave us some of the best performances of the past decade as a black soldier in the civil war in Glory and a lawyer in famous Philadelphia. And, of course, he made a special fame last year when he won the Oscar for best male role in the school day in which Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the award for best male role. I think Denzel wanted to change the tempo, so he chose director Antwon Fisher, in which he also starred. Fisher plays Derek Luke, who is a newcomer to the movie screen, but has appeared several times on such television shows as King of Queens, and he will appear in the upcoming release of the movie Biker Boys. <br /> <br /> This is a really well-made film by Denzel Washington, given that he first appeared in the director. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt some kind of commitment and believed in the real story of Antwon Fisher. Antwon Fisher talks about a young African American in the navy, who constantly engages in fights, and after one particular fight, he is sent to a navy psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwon to deal with her troubled past and learn to move on in life, finding his birth mother, who was supposed to leave him at birth, because she was in prison. What makes this film good is the fact that it is not too melodramatic. I was expecting something more, like a hunt for goodwill, with curses, struggle and vulgarity. Not that I didn’t like the hunt for goodwill, or swearing, the fights and vulgarity of the film were out of place. On the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I don’t think Washington wanted to make a sensational story for a dramatic affect in the film. Don't get me wrong, there are moments when we see Antwone fighting, and he continues at moments when the world seems to be approaching him. In the end, in his first session with a psychiatrist, a character played by Washington, Davenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's answer “from under the stone” is an obvious blow to the pressure that goes to Antwon Fisher. But I had to appreciate the fact that this film was not sensational for a dramatic affect. I think it shows the real character on the part of Denzel Washington to convey a more realistic story and avoid the typical clichés that are common in Hollywood films, even those based on real stories. Another point I would like to touch upon with Antwone Fisher is acting. In general, the performances were good in the film, but not great. At times, I think, it was a bit obvious that the main characters were actors, but on the whole it would be funny to complain about the actions in this film. One actress I would like to mention in this film is Viola Davis. She plays Antwon's mother, but in the film she makes only two sentences, not so much because she appears at the end of the film, but more because she is shocked that her long-lost son, Antwone found her. To which I would point out about her as an actress because of her disuse. Basically she is a character actress, and I did not see her playing any really complex roles. She appeared in the films "Traffic", "Out of sight", "Kate and Leopold" and two recent films: "Far from the sky" and "Solaris". In the remake of Stephen Soderberg "Solaris" she played a scientist on a doomed spaceship orbiting the planet. In this film, she faces George Clooney's character, and she pulls up to tears from what Clooney tells her in a particular scene. When I first saw Solaris, I remember how she cried on the stage and thought: wow, this woman can act. It was as if you could feel the grief of the character. In this brief snapshot of her face, she gave so much expression, and I, frankly, was very sorry for the sadness and problems of her character in the film. I think she has a certain potential as an actress and should be used more often, perhaps starring, and not just as an actress driven by character. However, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as always, does an excellent job with his work, and he gives us a great directorial debut. Also Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring him huge critical fame for his portrayal of a problem man, but I think his public popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, who also plays the lead role of Laurence Fishburne. Antwone Fisher is based on the book Antwone Quenton Fisher "In Search of Fish: Memoirs." ***
