“And the time came when the risk of staying in the bud was more painful than the risk of blooming,” says Anais Nin Marcel Proust. "The real journey of discovery is not to see new landscapes, but to have new eyes." "Author and screenwriter Anton Fisher joined the US Navy to see new landscapes, but the demons of his past did not allow him to see the world with new eyes. Based on his autobiography, In Search of Fish, written many years after the events, his story dramatized in Antwone Fisher, Denzel Washington's first directorial work. This is a sincere, albeit somewhat formal, look at the painful process of moving from past consumption to the ability to live in real time. <br /> <br /> You need to attend sessions After several outbursts of anger at Basis, the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in flashbacks when an adult Antwon (Derek Luke) talks about his life in class with Navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). At first he doesn’t want to talk, but when begins, the floodgates open.After his father was shot by a girlfriend, and Antvone was left by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster family, where he lived for fourteen years, subject to humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, the appeal of his adoptive mother, Mrs. Tate (Novella Nelson), who called him only a “nigga,” and his cousin Nadine (Iolonda Ross) were in fact much worse than the screen shows. <br /> <br /> His only friend is a local resident named Jesse (Yasha Washington), who later in the film only reinforces the sense of abandonment. It is difficult to build a film around psychiatric sessions, but it was successfully done in Ordinary People and Goodwill Hunt with a much more dramatic interest, but here it is possible thanks to the dominant actions of Washington and Luke, although the film’s attempt to compress eleven years in a few months seem too superficial. Davenport’s humanity and warmth, however, make Fisher feel safe to discuss his difficult past, and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend, who is also in the navy, supports him in his struggle to achieve a breakthrough. <br /> With the help of Cheryl and advising Dr. Davenport, Antwon is developing self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin the journey to try to find his mother to complete the past. Derek Luke’s incredible performance traces Antwon's desire for acceptance, dramatized in a heartbreaking dream, shown at the beginning of the film, in which he is an honored guest at a banquet filled with people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said that "people just have to remember why we are all here: to find a way home ..." Antwon Fisher affects not only the desire of a young man to find a way home, but all those he is looking for . who cried for themselves, not knowing the joy of being loved.
