Screenwriter and director Steve Gordon. The duration of the performance is 97 minutes. The classified PG. <br /> <br /> This was the most significant comedy of the decade. It won the Sir John Gilgud Academy Award. It was even shown in VH1 "I love the 80s." And today it looks as good as in the first issue. Arthur is a well-known comedy classic about a drunken millionaire (played with enthusiasm and wit by Dudley Moore in an Oscar-nominated play) who has to choose between the woman he loves and the life he is used to. While the main plot is one big cliché, there is nothing trivial in this pleasant combination of intelligent dialogue and cheerful farce. Arthur Bach is, in fact, nothing more than an artsy jerk, but you can't help but love him. Especially when he says such lines as “Don't you want you to be me? I know I know. ” He is also a feature of the hero of an archetypical film: unlike the majority of rich characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed to be dirty-rich. In one scene, a person asks him: “What is it like to have all this money?”, To which he replies: “This is great.” Moore gives the character such charisma and charm that would otherwise be hated by his audience. And Gilgud is just as beautiful as an arrogant servant, turning to his master with extreme condescension, despite the fact that his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that are not trying to be brilliant or especially exceptional: it’s just natural. The script — which also received Academy recognition — is filled with genuine laughter out loud. This is the film that, when you and your poker friends endlessly quote each other. He also looks at his characters with sincere sympathy. There have been several comedies that are trying to plunge into drama, including the death or illness of the main star (including both grumpy old people), but few can carry it away because we just don't care. When this film makes the dubious decision to knock down the butler, it really works, because we genuinely like these people. Why do you have to see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is a comprehensive, innocent pleasure. At a time when films are becoming more serious, Arthur reminds us of what it means to be like a movie and just have a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
