1928 is in many ways a “lost year” in the cinema. Just as some of the best films of the era of silence were made in every genre, the sound came in and - although it brought huge profits at the box office - cast off the art of filmmaking five years ago when the film industry fought with the new technology. <br /> <br /> Show People is one of the great comedies of the era of silence. The film shows that William Haynes possessed comic skills that went beyond his usual formula of a disgusting self-confident guy who turns everyone against him, learns a lesson, and then saves himself by winning a football match, a game of polo, etc. This film also shows And to illustrate that Marion Davis was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had excellent comic instincts and time. This film begins as the adventure of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davis) and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, similar to Beverly Hillbilli, who just came from the old South. General Pepper decided that he would allow some happy film director to hire his daughter as an actress. While in the studio commissioner, the Peppers are confronted by Billy Boone (William Haines), a comedian farce. He gets Peggy's acting work. She is unhappy when she finds out that this is a farce, but she is persistent. In the end, she finds a big studio, and she and Billy break up when they start to play dramatic roles. Soon, the newfound glory comes to her mind, and she is going to lose her audience and get the royal title when she decides to marry her new leading man, whom she really does not like, unless fate intervenes. <Br /> <br /> One of the things that MGM often does in its later era of silence films and in the early sounding era films are artistic shots of how films were made on MGM around 1930. This film is one of those Charlie Chaplin trying to get Peggy's autograph, a lot of MGM players of that era, including director King Vidor himself, and even the episodic role of Marion Davis in the role of Peggy, who sees Marion Davis in the role of Marion Davis plot. Peggy grimaces and mentions that she doesn't care about her. True delight from start to finish, it is silent, which is definitely worth your while. This is one of the films that I also recommend you use to introduce people to the art of silent cinema, as it is very accessible.
