This 1981 comedy still shines through the joint efforts of writer / director Steve Gordon and the stars Dudley Moore and John Gilgud. Unfortunately, Gordon, only in his early forty years, died shortly after completing this, his only feature film. This is a particularly regrettable loss, as it shows a really dexterous hand on the character-driven farce that makes the entire film irresistible. He plays almost like a comedy in the style of talkative in the style of the 30s, updated for modern tastes. The plot is based on Arthur Bach, a drunken, miniature playboy millionaire who risks losing his inheritance of $ 750 million if he does not marry the silly and boring Susan Johnson, the heiress, selected by his old father and grandmother Dotty. Of course, he does not like her and accidentally runs into Linda Marolla, a waitress from the working class (and, of course, an aspiring actress) after she stole Bergdorf Goodman’s tie for her father. <br /> <br /> Standard complications occur, but in a most charming way, with a multitude of alcoholic farces performed with classic élan Moore. The fact that he makes such a pampered character enjoyable is due not only to his comic talents, but also to Gilgud’s vigorous, acid twist, like Hobson, a dedicated, but reality-based valet of Arthur. This is the role he could play in a dream, but Gilgud makes Hobson such a truly unforgettable character that his fate in the film brings long-awaited urgency in the process. Probably, in her most pleasant movie role, Lisa Minnelli passes the photo to her male colleagues, softening her usual bright personality and making Linda completely sincere in motivation. <br /> <br /> Pre-Los Angeles Law “Jill Eikenberry plays Susan on a correct passive-aggressive note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's dad at Seinfeld) steals all of his scenes like an untidy father Linda Ralph. One fly in the ointment is veteran actress Geraldine Fitzgerald, who overdoes her grandmother's eccentricity. And I have to admit that I still can't stand the very outdated, replayed song by Christopher Cross, which inevitably won an Oscar for the best song of that year. Unfortunately, the 1997 DVD, which certainly needs to be remastered, does not have any additional advantages, apart from some photographs and production notes.
