I saw Marion Davis in several films and really could not understand her appeal. She could not dance for peanuts, she did not try to sing, and as for her playing, she seemed in a trance. But I have not seen her quiet comedies, and this film is wonderful. Instead of mocking her own image, as suggested here, it seems to me that the satire on Gloria Swanson, who started in comedy series, continued to shoot very emotional female pictures and eventually married the count. Marion, the main imitator, also made a funny imitation of a rabbit whenever she wanted to be seen as great, this was Gloria Swenson's place on !!! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) was on a journey from Georgia to Hollywood, deciding to prove that his daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davis) would be the biggest star in history. Their hope is fading, and they lose their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haynes), who works in the studio farce and promises to arrange Peggy's work. Peggy thinks she will be a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks she is a fantastic comic. They convince her to make a film, and in the preview she enjoys great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for her autograph, but she does not recognize him and treats him rather rudely. “Who was this little little guy” - when she finds out, she loses consciousness !!! Peggy and Billy call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy is wanted, and suddenly she is on the way. There is a funny scene where she sees a star, which she doesn’t really think about - this is Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> She finally has a chance to become a dramatic actress - but she can't cry! !! This is a fun scene, as the director tries his best to make her cry, and when he succeeds, she can't stop !!! Her new lead man, Andre (Paul Rally), convinces her to forget her comedic past and become elitist and sophisticated - she even takes a new name - Patricia Pepoir !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father — she developed the personality of the STAR !!! When the farce studio chooses the same place as in the movie “Patricia”, Billy is very happy to see her, but is not at all ready for her snobbish behavior. When she calls him a cheap clown, he realizes that she is not the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After a studio breakfast (a great shot of some of the greatest stars of the day), Patricia gets a call from the boss. It seems that her films have failed, and not a single theater wants to book them - the public is tired of her manners and wants to return Peggy. She and Andre decide to get married, she dreams of becoming a countess (although Billy says Andre served him spaghetti in a small cafe in the center of the city and is no longer a count than he). On her wedding day, Billy visits her, and after a fun custard battle, she realizes that Billy is for her. <br /> <br /> It was amazing to see all the invited stars - John Gilbert passes through MGM Gates, Lew Cody talks to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote “It”, but also some bright romances that were made in MGM films. William Haynes, another actor whose films I always wanted to see, was great - especially on the cafeteria stage, he had a great time for comics. Harry Gribbon was a funny comedy director - there were so many funny scenes in this movie, and Marion was on top of them all - I give this movie 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Very, very Recommended.
