I had the pleasure of showing “Big Bad Swim” at the 2006 New York Film Festival last week. The festival covers some of the best independent and minor films of the past year. I assumed that the Big Bad Swim was chosen to be shown at this festival for the simple reason that it was filmed locally in Eastern Connecticut and its surroundings. However, when the credits began to roll, I could only think about how good the Big Bad Swim was compared to the others shown during the festival. He, to be sure, topped my list, followed by "Plump Chair", "Who Killed the Electric Car" and "Transamerica." <br /> <br /> “Big bad swimming trunks” is a fascinating, truthful and often humorous look at several students of the swimming class in adult education and their cute but concerned instructor who has a depth that I haven’t seen on the screen quite long. The development of character interlacing and storylines, derived from something as absurd as swimming lessons for adults, work in subtle and attractive ways that I find refreshing. The plot doesn't hit you in the head with the direction; rather, it is built and grows organically with the pace that was in place. I have never been bored. I never shrank. I never left the plot on the screen. <br /> <br /> Film humor is something like “Napoleon Dynamite” and “Old School”. The actions of the group regarding the unknown actors were credible, and their dialogue never seemed awkward or contrived. Obviously, the picture taken by the camera was not multi-million, was not impressive and impressive, but adequate and well-executed for the budget. The lighting and shooting techniques for scenes shot at a strip club were particularly attractive due to a more realistic approach than a similar themed scene found in “Closer”. I also found that the shots taken under the water from the class below the belt seemed to be the same portrait character as a shot from the shoulders. <br /> <br /> I’m sure that this is repeated by many in the independent film industry, but I have to say this: if “The Big Bad Swim” had not been chosen for some distribution, I would be extremely disappointed. “Big bad swimming” needs to be seen. If you have the opportunity to watch this movie, SEE IT! Disappointment is impossible!
