Sunday, July 16, 8:00 p.m. Castro, San Francisco. <br /> <br /> “As a southern colonel, your makeup is very Indiana.” <br /> <br /> Anxious Hollywood rumors have managed to throw off more than a little dirt in the direction of Marion Davis over the years. It is often said that she glorified her and did not deserve it. Considering the dramatic dramas into which she was so often pushed, this criticism seems to make sense. However, like a comedy, her star shone very brightly. Left on a career in light comedy and farce, she could compete with Mabel Normand. One of her best performances was The People’s Show of King Widor (1928), which has been preserved and is so well known, largely due to the fact that MGM filled it with star-shaped cameos. This happy coincidence unintentionally saved what is undoubtedly one of the best works of his two stars, Davis, and this notorious sage from college Joe William Haynes. It is rumored that The People's Show was loosely based on the life of Gloria Swenson, who started in Sennett’s comedies and moved on to a great drama (and don’t think she didn’t spend the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and Demil. Coincidentally, the comedy studios used in this film are the original excavations that Keystone left behind a year ago (Think about who worked there!). <br /> <br /> Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) takes his daughter Peggy (Davis) from Georgia to Hollywood to act in films. These two village lunatic asylums are unsuspecting food for the incorrigible Billy Boone (Haynes), the “custard pie artist” who goes down to the cafeteria table in an incredibly fun entrance (watch the noodle bat) and then helps Peggy get a part in his next picture. What she thinks is high drama turns out to be a wormhole, but work is work, and Billy convinces her "... do all the stars have to take her on the chin ??". In the preview, Billy and Peggy face Charlie Chaplin, who asks for her autograph! She pushes the little guy aside, and the frightened Billy grabs the book and makes a sign. Chaplin gets in his car, and Billy says Peggy, who has just neglected, so naturally, she loses consciousness. It's very funny, considering that the character of Davis should not recognize this guy! Peggy soon goes to work at High Art Studios, changes her name to "Patricia Pepoire" and leaves poor Billy behind. Davis makes a wonderful part of a serious actress with all the necessary flashing eyelashes and trembling lips. Vidor arranges a parade of stars dining in a long tracking frame (and they all sit shoulder to shoulder, facing the camera!), Which includes Polly Moran (who also has sensational fun playing the Davis girl), Luella Parsons (one of the friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor, Eileen Pringle, comedy duo of Carl Dane (holding a hand in a sling) and George C. Arthur (pretending to be stealing silver), Leatrice Joy (amused by Arthur’s antics), René Adoree, Rod (food and smoking ) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in a bathrobe) Gilbert (who also appears driving through the MGM gate at the beginning of the picture), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (looks like a bitchy and alienated as usual) and Patricia dressed like Marie Antoinette, sandwiched between Douglas Fairbanks (as he does a funny trick) and William S. Hart (protecting her from Doug). Billy is confronted with a team of high art on the spot when the comedy troupe interrupts their filming, with predictably insane results. Vidor is even working on the final scene as director of the current production of Peggy. Also worth noting is Harry Gribbon as the director of comedy films, making a great caricature of Eddie Sedgwick, Sydney Bracy as a dramatic director who cannot make Peggy cry because of her screen test, and then cannot stop her as soon as she does, and Paula Rally is like Andre, her dramatic love interest and hilarious deception. When her character tries to “behave”, it’s as if Davis is making fun of all the terrible dramas she has been forced into, and she does it wonderfully. <br /> <br /> Although it’s true, “Show People” is a crazy satire After ten years of “good days,” it remains a very interesting example of high-quality work from MGM, Irving Talberg, and their enormous wealth of collected talents. What a shame so much has been lost. There are also too many examples of such wonderful films as Patsy (1928), the extremely successful comedy of Vidor and Davis of the same year, languishing in the vaults when they could be seen and seen.
