I had the opportunity to watch this film twice at the 2006 film festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I liked it so much that I watched it the second time when they had an encore show. <br /> <br /> When I think of films that are shown at festivals, I usually expect them to be harsh and unusual, often with a sense of a complex student project. Of course, there is nothing wrong with such projects, and I like the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more massive approach to independent filmmaking. By “mainstream”, I mean rather a film created for national release. In other words, a movie that you would see in an ordinary movie theater. <br /> <br /> The script, direction, cinematography, casting and acting in this film are all about pro. There is nothing independent in this movie. As an aspiring director, I am always looking for films that will encourage me to stop postponing business and to do everything possible to continue my career. This is one of those movies. When I watched The Big Bad Swim, my level of motivation was incredible. I felt my adrenaline pumping in. The reason I felt this way was that I was so impressed with every aspect of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to start writing this long postponing project. When a movie makes me feel that way, I know it is really good. This is the first full-length project from Ishai Setton, and I wanted it to be my project. For me, this is really rare. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. It is beautifully filmed and directed and the casting is superb. Paget Brewster provides a very believable and enjoyable presentation. She has a quality in her, a charisma that really attracts you and keeps you focused on her whenever she is on screen. She makes you feel that you know her personally as a friend. This is a gift. I think that the industry really misses, without using its acting abilities more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weishler also did first-class work. I can't say enough good things about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects from all those involved in its production.
