I was not a big fan of Star Trek until the last 2-3 years. Thanks to the advent of Netflix and the distribution of video technologies after 2000, I can plunge into the past of all the great episodes of Star Trek. For those who don’t really watch each episode and know them by heart, via TNG, DS9, Voyager, etc., the generally accepted consensus will say: “I like The Next Generation” the most. This is because Captain Picard and his crew were fresh when they first appeared after decades of starvation in Star Trek. But honestly, I appreciate the creativity of the Voyager episodes more than TNG. Voyager episodes also progress in time, unlike TNG. The data provided by TNG is great, but over time they become obsolete, but Dr. Voyager is now creative! Instead of making artificial intelligence awkward and harsh, give it the freedom to express what you have just imagined. Not only Picardo is such a great actor, but also a prerequisite for his expansive, self-development, as a doctor, self-realization, which is now fiction at its best! In the endgame, he is portrayed as a husband married to "organics", inventing a human-machine interface neuro-implantation transceiver, and even - in the episode before the endgame - to disobey the order of the captain and make "human" mistakes. Unlike DS9, which is endowed with two beauties directly from episode 1, Voyager must survive 3 seasons without Jerry Ryan, and I believe that it was Picardo who carried them with his personality. Of course, the rest of the Voyager cast just flows effortlessly, Harry Kim and Tom Paris are very natural. I love the random humor of Tuvoc, despite the fact that I am a Vulcan. Finally, I'm so glad that they got rid of this original female captain - oh, if you look at rare shots - thank God for Kate! For 7 years, she has become an extremely confident, believable and respectable female captain. What a GREAT job! Thank you Star Trek for creating Voyager, I enjoy every episode, a creative exploration of the possibilities, morals and our outer space.
