For the past few months I have been collecting Voyager 4–7 seasons on DVD (before that I only had 1-3 in the video, because Kes is my favorite character), and I just reached the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on TV here in the UK, but I forgot most of them. Am I pleased with the ending? I think that i. Naturally, since I am a fan, I would like to know more about what happened to the characters when they returned home, but this remained for our imagination. “Endgame” is a lot like Next Gen's All Good Things. Crew participation in the future, but mostly captain. The new novel, starting in the final (Troy and Worf in the "Next Generation" and "Seven of Nine and Chakotai" here), which leads to death in the future. I really loved Endgame, fair for all the characters, Neliks appears, although he left the ship two episodes earlier. Belanna gives birth to a daughter with a loving husband Tom. Tuvok is sick, but returning home means he can be cured. Harry has always been most anxious and resolute, but recognizes that travel is important. Doctors, in the future, respect everyone and, finally, choose the name Joe! But, of course, the captain plays the most important role, meeting with his future personality, who wants to return the team home earlier in order to prevent losses. The Borg are involved since they played a huge role during this period of Voyager. Alice Kriege again fantastic plays Queen Borg, just her voice and method of the game are great. I feel sorry for Susanna Thompson, although Queen Borg on television replaced the film Queen Borg. Maybe it was not available, although the special effects are fantastic, the center of outer space Borg and Queen Borg are falling apart! It is very stressful. Especially when they come out of the Borg subspace corridor and say that their location is exactly where they thought they would be after they said they would have to go into the corridor that leads back to the delta quadrant. And what a great idea to get inside the Borg sphere for protection, the DVDs tell you that it looked like a Trojan horse. Voyager could continue. If he were more popular, they would have adhered to their original idea that the crew understands that the ship is their home, as in Harry’s speech and in what Tom said, because his wife and child are there. And then they could get home in the movie! <br /> <br /> In general, Voyager was a bit impressed. The sixth season seemed to be one good, followed by one less good. Two episodes in the holographic Irish countryside are terrible! My perception of the Seven of the Nine was that she took over, everything revolved around her, which was not true. When she first appeared, season 4 focused on her too many episodes, but after that he leveled off. And her character is sometimes brilliant, 20 years old, as the drone Borg, gradually revealing her humanity. I like it, especially in “Someone Who Watches Me,” “Imperfection,” and “Human Error.” When Naomi Wildman was at first afraid of her, but then she often became her friend, it was wonderful. Chakotay became my least favorite character. He left because of chemistry with Jenway (will they / will not?), And you would never think that he was the first officer, most of the time he was completely repelled. I liked to see how the relationship of Tom and Belanna flourish against all odds. I always really liked Neelix. Tuvok was good at times, especially when he lost his logic, found emotions and was friends with Neliks. Harry was annoying at times, but a good character at other times. The doctor is probably my favorite, seeing how far he comes and what comedic situations he creates (“Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy” is just fantastic!) Janeway is my favorite captain from any series, and you can say that Kate Mulgrew really likes it. <br /> <br /> I wish there was more, I love Voyager!
