Thus, every year there is at least one film that has no chance of box office success, because from the moment of production, even before one simple frame is taken, everyone chooses this film ... a long list of such films, and In the end, some of them are really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their drawbacks, but they are very pleasant (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)), and then there are a few that actually really good who they are, but no one recognizes! I mean, damn it, just because a wide crowd must have a sacrifice every year that they can choose, not everyone should join them. Yes, maybe these films are not perfect, but come on, how many films? Not every movie should be a new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will like these films, but I’m sure that there are more than those who admit that they do. Hudson Hawk (1991), which is just hysterically ridiculous, Color of Night (1994), who may not be worthy of Oscar, but certainly not at all a blunt thriller with some nice twists, Swept Away (2002), which I thought was a great combination of sick humor and beautiful romance, Gigli (2003), which was great fun with some really memorable lines and didn’t work badly from the former Bennifer couple, and this year it is Basic Instinct 2! Well, when I heard rumors about the continuation of one of my favorite films, I was very skeptical and, although I really love Sharon Stone, I remained skeptical until I finally saw this movie. And indeed, I was very positively surprised! I can't understand why it gets such a bad press and such a bad vote here. He never simply copies the original, he has a rather clever story, tension, action, humor, and absolutely amazing Sharon Stone, repeating the role of her life! From 47 years on the set of the film she looks hotter than many stars at the age of 20, but this is more than she is beautiful, she acted brilliantly, with all her looks, her famous smile, the way she speaks and moves ... from The very first frame that she has in you cannot take her eyes off her. It's just nice to watch her, like Katherine Tramell, and all the other actors also demonstrate solid performances! So I really don’t see what’s wrong with this film ... it’s dark, exhilarating, sexy and gritty looking, strong performances, and you’ve never been bored! Maybe the story is not Oscar Caliber, but she is not even trying to be! This is an entertaining film, and by this standard, in my opinion, it is absolutely useful! So try it!
