Finally, after many years of waiting for a new film about the continuation of the sexual outrage of "Basic Instinct", we received an excellent sequel, which contains the right elements necessary for a franchise like this one! I remember everything about the original, the couple, romance, sex, interrogation, music (master Jerry Goldsmith) and everything else - from violence and murder to intense confrontations of all kinds! Make no mistake, “Basic Instinct” has become a real winner for viewers all over the world. I remember how in 2001 we were first informed about such a continuation. Five years later we have it. I would never have thought that this would end this way. When it was declared an abandoned project, time could not accurately determine whether it was ever a real opportunity to start. Well, I think, now we know that in this case everything is possible. Even if there is no original director or writer, all we need is a charming, always reliable Sharon Stone, and we made a deal! Please listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say that this film is bad, I think this is just because the style is extreme and slightly outdated. I use the word “dated” only because we have not seen a certain film of the kind for many years, and the audience has adapted to the senseless, boring storytelling in other films that actually make money, and the only reason they make such films. big numbers because these films are for the family. Who needs a hole and cleaning? Of course, it's nice, but come on! Nowadays escapism is really rare, and “Basic Instinct 2” gives us real fans of what we expected. This film is not an Oscar winner, nor is it trying to be. It just delivers to loyal fans what they expected. This is a movie for fun. Today's films seem to take themselves too seriously, but this film is just impartial and funny, in any case it does not take itself seriously, not too seriously. However, I will evaluate the film. <br /> <br /> A movie is a fast-paced movie from the first second when we see Katherine Tremell in a car accelerating at 110 miles per hour and enjoying lustful sensations. Maybe sex and driving don't mix, because our sexy novelist makes a bad turn and ... well, she leaves safe and sound, but her polite partner doesn't feel too good. Once again, Tremell is the primary suspect in the accident, and will be subjected to analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) automatically refers to her from the first time he meets her. Like the other criminal investigator before him, he is fascinated and seduced, slowly and confidently. His denial of all this begins to crumble around him, as she creates a spell, only she can do. Tramell may be more dangerous now than before, but, like the first, we will never know, will we? As soon as seduction begins, envy, rage, drugs and a lot of erotic landscapes arise! <br /> <br /> This film does not recycle the first, but rather mentions episodes from previous films from time to time. , This is a good thing. This allows us, as an audience, to know that the script was written to raise a level a step or two. Sharon Stone again blinds us, as if 14 years had not passed. Her second series of the lying novelist, as before, right on the spot. Just awesome! David Morrissey played well, and copes pretty well. The fact that an unpopular star was chosen makes his performance even more pleasant, because we as an audience have no idea about him, just what we see in his performance. My last thought is from 8.5 to 9 out of 10. So this is not the first, and it cannot correspond to the first prize places. It can, however, meet the standards set by the first film, and it makes people! It does.
