It seems that it is becoming fashionable to break the “Basic Instinct 2” to such an extent that a significant part of the audience (including critics) considered it terrible even before it was released. It seems even more fashionable to kill Sharon Stone, who, like all of us, is now fourteen years older and, unlike most of us, still looks great. The first comments on this film were so angry that I had to see for myself. In my opinion, this sequel is not as good as in the original film, but not as bad as most comments claim. Michael Caton-Jones is not Paul Verhoeven, neither is Henry Bean, nor Leora Barish is not Joe Estershas. “Basic Instinct 2” is just an entertaining, average thriller, and, in addition to adding the original score to Jerry Goldsmith, is a little like its predecessor. Even Stone gives her character a different dimension, creating a lustful, devilish Kathryn Trimell, who can flawlessly rank among other monsters, such as Hannibal Lecter. She is an intelligent actress who is not afraid to take risks and can play with the camp at her leisure. Unfortunately, she seems to be the main target for those who like to destroy this film. She became too successful, too main heroine, and, like all those actors who have reached this level, her time has come, and now she will definitely be destroyed by the Hollywood audience. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is outstanding, giving performances that are much better than the material it deserves. David Morrissey is a much better actor and much more interesting than Michael Douglas: his game is flawless, giving a dense, complex dimension to a character, otherwise to a one-dimensional one. Since he has more screen time and is the axis of the film, he can keep your attention from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> I do not recommend "Basic Instinct 2" as an excellent film; I simply express my disagreement with most of the comments on this site and my belief that the agendas, besides the film itself, form the opinion of the majority of viewers.
