Wisecracker, the biography of the actor William Haynes, offers a welcome joke about the former star when he was over 70 and he had long since left the cinema. The old gentleman was not sentimental and rarely watched his own films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to visit in Los Angeles the screening of the film “The People’s Show”, which at the end was silent, in which he starred with Marion Davis. Prior to that, Haynes was worried that this comedy would cause the wrong laugh, but he was pleasantly surprised (and, no doubt, relieved) by how well she stood and how much she liked the young audience. Watch the film today and you will understand why: SHOW PEOPLE is a delightful Hollywood satire that retains its charm because it sets in motion its goals with intelligence and talent, but without malice. It's still fun, and its satirical points still resonate. Needless to say, the filmmaking technology has changed a lot since the days of silence, but the claims and recklessness of the filmmakers themselves have not changed much. <br /> <br /> SHOW PEOPLE is also considered the best preserved work by Marion Davies, a first-class comic performer who deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comedy films. When it came to her career, Davis was blessed and cursed by the patronage of his lover, newspaper magnate William Randolph Hirst. It is well known that Hearst had a great influence on the choice of the roles of Davis, and it is also well known that, despite her gift of comedy, he preferred to see her characters in historical costumes. By the end of the 20s, for some reason, Marion was allowed to exhibit his stuff in several bright light comedies (including “The Red Mill” and “Patsy”), but “The People’s Show”, directed by the great king Vidor , acts as its most pleasant shop window. William Haines plays an attractive, pleasing role as her boyfriend and co-star Billy Boone, but this is the leading female show. <br /> <br /> Marion plays southern beauty Peggy Pepper, a novice actress who storms Hollywood, accompanied by her father, deciding to become a movie star. (Her dad, Colonel Pepper, is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith’s biographical dramas who looks like Hurst by coincidence!) Studio. While Dad diligently offers to portray emotions (“Sadness! .. Joy!”) And lowers the handkerchief on her face, Peggy takes on the appropriate facial expression and posture. She is hired only to discover that Comet makes low eyebrow comedies, such comedies where people squirrels when seltzer and inept cops fall on each other, rushing to help. Of course, the Comet is designed to take off Keystone by Mac Sennett, but the true nature of satire becomes clear as the story progresses. As Peggy Pepper rises in the hierarchy of movie stars, she leaves Comet in a more prestigious studio of high art, taking the name "Patricia Peppoire" as more appropriate to her new life position as a serious actress. At some point, it might have occurred to us (as it must have happened to the audience in 1928) that Davis’s rival Gloria Swenson began playing comedy films “Keystone” before becoming famous in serious dramas by Cecil B. DeMille. And as Miss Peppoire is taking herself more and more seriously, giving high marks to the treatment of former colleagues, such as the lowly comedian Billy Boone, Davis’s performance takes on an element of evil parody, apparently directly aimed at Swanson herself. This is especially noticeable during an interview, when press secretary Miss Peppoire vomits pretentious nonsense while the star demonstrates Swanson. I suppose it was intended as a friendly parody, but I’m wondering what kind of friendship developed between Gloria and Marion after the release of this film. <br /> <br /> In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is a delightful treat for lovers who will enjoy the parade of star comeos in everything. Charlie Chaplin does his bit, without make-up and looks rather subtle, looking for an autograph of Patricia Peppoire! (And in a demonstration of good sportsmanship, Marion Davis herself plays a complacent cameo, leveling the score to make fun of Swenson, making fun of herself.) This is a silent film that can be appreciated by viewers who are not particularly tuned to silence, at least those viewers who love movies about movie business. SHOW PEOPLE, of course, belongs to a group of classics such as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, which are among the most exciting self-examination exercises created in Hollywood.
