As a child I always hated being forced to sit in musicals. I never understood why people start singing like that, and I was too young to appreciate artistry (choreography, set design, costumes, rhythm) behind all this. Carol Reed "Oliver!" it was that musical that I remember how strangely I enjoyed in childhood, probably because it is one of the darkest and, accordingly, imbued with the spirit of Dickens misery. This is a musical about the ghetto life in Victorian London, and although the scenery and scenery is gloomy, gloomy and true to this way of life, it is completely ridiculous for people to break into such ridiculous songs amid their suffering. After a recent viewing, my first since childhood, I had a few new thoughts and ideas about why this musical “works” in this strange breakthrough into the song, and why most people simply do not do it for me. <Br /> <br /> When musicals work or really say something, it’s because they are aware of their own innate weirdness. “Dancer in the Dark” by Lars von Trier, just as tragic and operatic as before, worked like a musical, because the musical numbers were products of the imagination of the main character, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. In the same way, very cynical and pleasant "Chicago" worked on a similar level, because the musical numbers were the result of a murderous singer and dancer. Musicals do not work when they take their own musical nature too seriously (as in Moulin Rouge) or simply don’t talk about anything too much (that is, something meaningless, like Mary Poppins). After watching "Oliver!" For the first time, as an adult, I saw it in a new light. Speaking mostly from the point of view of young Oliver, I saw in the musical numbers the results of my childhood imagination and his way of coping with the horrors of life in the ghettos around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy made everyone in the tavern sign and dance about the joys of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor Oliver escape from the clutches of evil Bill Sykes). It was undoubtedly catchy and sounded like a real pub tune that drinkers could start singing around the piano. Here you can hear other great classical melodies, and the direction and action from leading to dance add-ons are all top notch. <br /> <br /> However, despite all of its gloominess (although it has a happy mood), at least for Oliver, although, of course, for Nancy, not all ended well, and if you do not think that life on the streets as a pickpocket is fun, it doesn’t have to be a good ending for Feigin or Dodge, despite their vigorous closing melody) eight years will bring harm. This is a harsh story about an unhappy orphan trying to survive on the streets and find happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see the current news about how, perhaps, the revisionist view of this is when people on the streets of Compton burst into happy songs about their terrible life. I would like to see the hip-hop version of "Oliver!" I always thought that Dickens would translate well in this respect. As he stands, "Oliver!" was probably the last of the best musicals and perhaps the strangest G-rated movie I've ever seen.
