Great cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year spell can rightly be called the "golden era" of the genre. Before that, there were musicals, and since then there have been musicals ... but the real classics seem to have always been created in that period. Singing in the rain, an American in Paris, The Band Wagon, “Seven Brides for Seven Brothers”, Oklahoma, South Pacific, “The King and I” and many others, stand high like the cherished products of the time. Perhaps the last great musical of the Golden Era - Oliver Carol Reed of 1968. This bright musical, freely adapted to the novel by Dickens, is a film screening of successful stage production. This is a great film that won six Oscars, including an award for the best picture. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives in an unhappy home in the workplace, his mother died a few moments after his birth. After an incident that happened once during a meal, he was kicked out of the house and eventually hired at the funeral home. But Oliver is not particularly well suited for his new job and runs off after a few hectic days. He goes on a long journey to London, where he hopes to find happiness. Oliver is taken under the wing of a pickpocket for children called The Nimble Dodger (Jack Wilde), who, in turn, works for Feigin (Ron Moody), an elderly fraudster responsible for a gang of thieves-children. Despite the illegal nature of the work, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family". He also meets Nancy (Shani Wallis), the girlfriend of the most cruel and dangerous thief of all, threatening Bill Sykes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true ancestry and discovers that he is in fact from a rich and well-to-do background. But his chances of reuniting with his real family are at risk when Bill Sykes forcibly exploits Oliver, making him an accomplice in some particularly risky and ambitious robberies. <br /> <br /> “Oliver” is a brilliantly collected film, always pleasant to the eye and excellently acting with its talented cast. Moody recreates his stage role with considerable enthusiasm, stealing the film from young people with his energetic performance in the role of Fagin. Leicester and Wilde also succeed as young pickpockets, while Wallis enthusiastically uncovers the role of Nancy, and Reed creates true contempt like Sykes. The musical numbers are staged with incredible precision and a sense of spectacle - Oscar's choreography of Onna White helps make the play and dance of stage plays so memorable, but the live performers and skillful leadership of Carol Reed also play their part. Unforgettable tunes include “Food Glorious Food”, “Consider yourself”, “You have to choose a pocket or two”, “I will do everything” and “Oom-Pah-Pah” - all very memorable songs transmitted through very well-composed sequences. The film is a very interesting experience and never loses momentum in all 153 minutes. Relax and enjoy!
