Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" were interesting, solid popcorn-entertainment with a budget small enough not to be overflowed with special effects. And, obviously, the focus on "From Dusk Till Dawn" - the audience. "Vampires: Los Muertos" tries the same thing, starting with the rock star John Bon Jovi, who plays one of the main characters, but does it almost too well ...: I have not seen John Bon Jovi in ​​any other film, so I I can’t compare his actions in Vampires: Los Muertos with his other roles, but I was really surprised by his good performance. After the film began, he convinced me not to expect that he would grab any guitar and play “This is my life” or something like that, but he would kill the vampires without showing mercy and doing the work that should be done. This means a lot, because part of the audience (including me) probably thought: "... just because he is a rock star ...". Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but, honestly, everything could be much worse, and, in my opinion, Bon Jovi performed very well. The vampire, played by Arly Jover, is not a skin-clad machine of the killer leader of the vampires, whom we met in the first part (or similarly in "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays the vampire very seductively and very sexy, moving as flexible as a cat, attacking as fast as a snake, and dressed in a thin, light, almost transparent, very erotic fabric. And even the optical effects supporting her movement are very well done. It really requires beatings. But in some parts of the film, the director only avoids turning the film from an action movie into a sensitive horrible movie, as in the Murnau film Nosferatu. You can almost see the temptation of the director to create a film with a VERY personal record different from the original. This is the real strength of the film and at the same time its weakest point: viewers celebrating a merry bloodbath in the first film probably expect a clean merry bloodbath a second time and may be a little disappointed. Make no mistake: “Vampires: Los Muertos” is a fun bloodbath, but it's not ALL TIME for this kind of movie. Think about the slaughter in the bar compared to the scene in which the vampire is trying to seduce Zoe in the ruins: bar slaughter is what you expect from American popcorn entertainment, the Zoe-in-ruins seduction scene ALMOST European cinema (the film tells us more about the relationship between Zoe and the vampire, but at the same time refuses to answer. Because it would slow down the action? Showed to the vampire audience with a human past (a suffering creature now, not just a beast that just kills someone). And this is the moment when I decide whether the film will be accepted by the audience of the original film or not. Also: Will the audience "From Dusk Till Dawn" really like it? I'm not sure about that. Nevertheless, Tommy Lee Wallace did an excellent job, “Vampires: Los Muertos” is surprisingly good. But I also think that directing the continuation of the film about popcorn Wallace is sometimes too creative, too expressive. As if he keeps himself from developing his talent to meet the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, Wallace’s talent fills the film with life and, perhaps, sometimes sucks it out at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost too well made. (I give it 7 out of 10)
