In the first three films of Frank Sinatra, he was just a special act: ostensibly, playing himself, he simply shows a song to sing a song during a nightclub episode in a foreign film. In his fourth film, “Higher and Higher”, “Young Blue Eyes” goes into an acting career, playing a real role ... the task is made easier because he plays himself in a fictional story that gives him a chance to play several numbers. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's login is pretty funny. Michelle Morgan hears a knock at the door and asks who is there. Outside, a voice in the tone of a hoboken is answered by "Frank Sinatra." Of course ... <br /> <br /> The opening credits “Higher and Higher” may confuse some viewers, as the names of the authors of the songs of Rogers and Hart stand out in a prominent place. In fact, they wrote only one song for this musical “Disgustingly Rich”, which this cast manages to throw away as a kind of introduction to a completely different song “I'm Debutante”. Interestingly, this song by Rodgers & Hart - one of their weakest - is perhaps the least enjoyable song in the film; some others are fast-paced live numbers, especially “This is the most important thing,” “When it comes to love, you are on your own” and “I saw you first.” <br /> <br /> Sinatra is good in this film, but it will work better (and sing the best stuff) elsewhere. The real advantages of “Higher and Higher” are the delightful twists and turns of some performers who rarely make films. Paul and Grace Hartman were an extremely popular dance team of husband and wife who starred in several Broadway revues: truly graceful ballroom dancers, they added a lot of physical comedy to their dance material. (Here Grace makes a strong blow that knocks the shoe out of Paul’s hands.) Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, almost did not work in the cinema, so it’s nice to see that this film gives us a rare chance to see her close up. hear her beautiful singing voice and notice how sexy she looks in a maid uniform. After Grace Hartman's death, her husband worked for a long time as a character actor, only occasionally dancing solo. (Or together with Ken Berry in one memorable episode of “Mayberry RFD”.) <br /> <br /> Here, in Higher and Higher, live young singer Marcy McGuire is also very attractive. Why didn't this talented girl make more films? Perhaps she was too much like Betty Hatton. I like Hatton's shows, but I like Marcy McGwire even more. Toward the end of “Higher and Higher”, there is an amusing physical work in which McGuire and Mary Weeks work as waitresses, alternately moving from table to table at a nightclub. Alternating the steps of McGuire's shorty and tall, awkward Wicks is fun! Unfortunately, although Leon Errol plays a big role in the “Higher and Higher”, he is almost not given comedic deeds: he never performs his famous dance with rubber feet. Jack Haley, in spite of his outstanding exhibition of bills, is also in vain. <br /> <br /> Dooley Wilson, whom Sam from Casablanca inevitably remembers, is very well represented. In this film, Wilson sang himself, but faked his keyboard performance "As Time Goes On." (In real life, Wilson did not know how to play the piano.) Here, in “Higher and Higher”, he sings nicely and gives funny reactions to other players. Less pleasant is Mel Odius, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives a rare presentation of the film here, deftly handling his dialogue, but never taking off the comedy on the keyboard, which he later successfully did in his stage shows. <br /> <br /> Story? Forget it. “Higher and Higher” - no one thinks of a “great” musical, but it is a pleasant pleasure, and I rate it as 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who worked in the UK and in Hollywood, deserves to be much more famous .
