I imagine the Victorian literature, slowly sinking into the swamp of the more distant past, lowered under the weight of his petticoats. Television comes: at best, it has a redemptive power, and with dramas such as those that so finely produce the BBC, Victorian literature takes a new hit in life. Religious themes, moral undertones can become more and more awkward in a world that is no longer so easily shocked and who is familiar with cohabitation, business, and domestic violence. But these old, well-told stories have enduring power, and this is a hidden gem. <br /> <br /> Today it is difficult to assess how strong Anne Bronte’s feminist and extraordinary masterpiece is, “Tenant Wildfell Hall” was in fact. Coming out of the primitive mucus restrictive corsets ?? Her heroine's physical, mental, social heroine, Helen Huntingdon, avoids an unhappy marriage, avoids cruelty and alcoholism, endures not only the rage of her abusive husband, but also the harsh social intolerance and evil gossip to cause changes in her life. She pays the price; but retains her self-esteem; she falls in love along the way; she appears defeated, but victorious and strong. I just love to watch such women on the screen. <br /> <br /> Actors are great ?? The best British can offer. The love story is beautifully crafted, with real passion and a sense of well-chosen actors. Tara Fitzgerald lives in all aspects of the complex heroine, and, as other reviewers have said here, a no less sharply outlined and beautiful face can survive this stunning hairstyle. Toby Stevens, sparkling from her, contributes to the right combination of a stubborn, handsome young man and a passionate, yearning vulnerability. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors in history) uses a charismatic villain (so much so that at the end you are almost with him. No one is perfect). The supporting cast skillfully creates a world into which you plunge, not feeling gross compromises to modern tastes and not feeling a sermon. Another BBC classic is strongly recommended: this is how romantic literature should be dramatized.
