Spoilers ..... <br /> <br /> I saw the original on TV a while ago and remembered that this performance was less exciting than most of Bib’s costumes. I reviewed on DVD this week and still have the same impression about it. At first this is a good story, but it weakens when the heroine becomes terribly brave and noble and returns to her extremely disgusting husband when he is sick, and her holiness irritates me so much. I believe that this was the “right action” when the story was written, and also brought a lot of anxiety, and it was difficult for the woman to be independent of her husband, because the marriage made her no more than his possession, not to mention scandalously with a lover, since I expect that many modern viewers would like to see. But nowadays it is difficult to accept this unpretentiousness, especially when this heroine had a strong, courageous admirer, ready to protect her from everyone. So the story, as in the film, I am ambiguous. This is well done according to the novel, but somewhat annoying according to today's type of life. <br /> <br /> Unshakable hero Gilbert was certainly a saint in order to put up with the changeable and often mysterious behavior of his beloved, constant self-denial and to be so consistently supportive. So I was very sorry that when Helen was finally free to be with him, the script did not allow him a little more than one minute to fall on top of each other for a quick hug before the names surfaced. It was completely ridiculous when we waited all this time because of this drifting feeling towards an undeserving husband of a decent dialogue and good embraces between the hero and the heroine. Instead, the end was as if the filmmakers did not have enough time or finances or simply could not be worried. “Here you are, one minute, do everything you can, then cut, as the director wants to go home ...”. I was completely dissatisfied. <br /> <br /> However, very high praise for the acting skills of Toby Stevens, the beautiful and very handsome hero, and Rupert Graves, for the glorious and miserable villain. Tara Fitzgerald was satisfactory under the script, which forced her to be a depressing and rather sanctimonious victim most of the time. <br /> <br /> However, I love these classic dramas, and almost all of them are vision better than most of the "modern" dramas on television these days. So, 7 stars, because, despite the irritations, it is still a good watch.
