"Creep" is a new horror film that will surely please many fans of the genre simply because it is so straightforward and unfair! It has many genuine shock moments, many repulsive sequences of blood and rare claustrophobic stress. What he doesn’t have is logic and a complete conspiracy, but, frankly, it did not bother me for a second. When the credits begin, there are still many unanswered questions, but director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) seems to prefer to concentrate fully on the tension and rush of adrenaline, rather than on long hypnotic speeches and theories. creep in the London Underground. The story revolves about the young and haughty Kate, who leaves her party to go and meet with famous actor George Clooney, who is in the city to present her new film. She falls asleep in the subway, is late for the last train and is trapped in the network of the underground subway. Things really get terrifying when she runs into a mad madman who lives in old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experiment. Even experienced homeless people, guards, or sewer workers cannot save her from this predatory monster! I really dug a creep character! His sick, disgusting and primitive, but in a strange way fascinates. Christopher Smith only leaves us tips and hints, and only the viewer can guess the origin and origin of this vile creature. I think this is not very original, and I’m sure that many people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith, and I think it’s better than going completely upstairs to the style of “Jeepers Creepers” (this particular film is also good it began, but as soon as Kreper's personality became clear, he turned into a very mediocre horror film). The obvious aspect of love is outrageous blood! A brutal slaughter takes place in this film, and the make-up as well as the sound effects are very convincing. The ominous setting of the abandoned London Underground at night is effectively used. This film also has acting talent. Frank Potente (Run Lola Run) returns to graphic horror almost five years after the cool German film "Anatomie". Creep is awesome entertainment when you are in an undemanding mood, and Christopher Smith is definitely the director I'll follow. Make sure you don’t need to take the subway right after watching this movie ...
