Emory was a steelworker in Cincinnati, like his father before him, and for most of the 20th century, the two pillars of his family were a steel mill and a trade union. The plant, which once employed 45,000 people, has recently declined to 5,000, and now it’s 1, as the plant simply closed its doors, leaving one guard. First, the unemployed Emory and his buddies enjoy independence, hanging out around the city and indulging in their favorite bar, where they recklessly abandon the "deep accusations." They think that the mill will resume its work after listening to the optimistic statements of their union representative, but the reality begins to sink when they start selling their personal vehicles in order to put food on the table and prevent foreclosures from their homes. Emory's father — a dedicated trade union leader — is confident that the plant will open again and will call off all short-lived closures to his son during his own 35 years at the mill. Meanwhile, some of the unemployed men humiliatingly get a job or get into trucks and go in a desperate job search. <br /> <br /> Finally, the union recognizes its helplessness, as Emory explains to her stubborn father that times have changed and that the mill will never open again. With tears in her eyes, Emory asks: “What did I do wrong?” As a whole life of hard work and dedication to work, the union, the church, and the family did not leave him with nothing and nowhere to turn. He reaches the bottom when, in a drunken rage, he touches his young sons and overthrows his wife to the floor. Expelled from his home and complaining about the plant director's comments that he and his people did not work hard enough to justify their substantial salary, Emory hires metallurgists left in the city to do something that will demonstrate to everyone . is able to. Early in the morning, they burst into the mill, kindled furnaces and work harder than ever in their lives, producing enough high-quality steel pipes in one shift to fill the loading docks from wall to wall, from top to bottom — something the factory director thought it's impossible. <br /> <br /> Having arrived at the suddenly opened factory, the stunned manager looks around at the huge result obtained as a result of working in one day, realizing that such production can again increase the profitability of the factory. The manager asks Emory: “Can you do this every day?” Emory has to nod “No,” and the manager asks, “Then what did you try to prove?” Emory explains that decades of hard work, honesty, and dedication to her employees mattered and that, by showing how much they can produce in one day: "We just spit in your eyes." Emory, with tears in his eyes, says goodbye to his wife and children when he leaves with his friends to look for work to the south, promising to transport the family when he finds it. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest attitude to the plight of American workers displaced by foreign competition, and gives a realistic idea of ​​the costs that they bear for myopia requiring concessions from unions and greedy factory owners who have extracted everything that could, from their factories, but never return, upgrading them. Peter Stross as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his college brother, Pamela Reed as the sympathetic wife Emory and John Doucette as his dying father - all this comes out of this beautiful picture.
