Ah, McBain? The character's name is immortalized and ridiculed forever by the Simpsons, but will it also always be ?? I personally at least ?? remain the name and the name of an extremely interesting and incredibly cruel action movie of the early 90s; the director is a cool dude who brought us The Exterminator, and starring two of the coolest characters in the B-movies, Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a cute little macho-tail). I believe that “McBain” will basically have to be called guilty pleasure, because I cannot convince anyone that this is an intellectual motion picture. The film is incredibly ridiculous (most of the heroes of the militants take a small detachment of gangsters, and McBain captures the whole country), but still takes himself too seriously. The script is a nonstop and incoherent surge in clichéd situations, meaningless turns, forced sentimental interruptions, grotesquely set sequences of actions and completely improbable drawings of characters. This is a completely insane movie; I like it. <br /> <br /> Vietnamese POW Life of Macbane was saved by his fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the very last day of the war. Each of them keeps a half dollar bill as a symbol of the fact that McBain is in debt to Santos. Eighteen years later, Santos is an energetic rebel, leading a revolution against the corrupt president of his home country of Colombia. Santos' initial attempt to seize power failed, and he was publicly executed on the El Presidente balcony. His sister goes to New York with a dollar bill and turns to McBain for financial help and labor. Macbain and his former pals in Vietnam, who, by coincidence, are all fed up with the injustice in this world, order themselves a miserable little plane and fly to Colombia to open a giant bank of donkey asses. <br /> <br /> Okay, let's not fool each other here. The fact that you are reading a custom commentary on McBain already indicates that you have some interest in a low-budget war movie. One of my fellow reviewers spent quite a lot of time compiling a list containing all the major stupidities and imperceptible moments of McBane. This list is absolutely accurate, and I can only agree with him. Hell, I might even add a few meaningless sequences to this list (for example, the ridiculous and unnecessary heroic sacrifice of a soldier who doesn't even have anything to do with the mission goal and the rest of the MacBane team), but what's the point? You definitely know that you should not expect a 100% connected and believable masterpiece. We know in advance that this will be a stupid and exaggeratedly bright film, and this may even be the exact reason why we want to watch it! This is a terribly outrageous and exciting film about how a group of former Vietnamese buddies turns into mercenaries and declares war on the corrupt President of Colombia and the national drug cartel. Please do not expect another Apocalypse now. This particular motion picture is based on the performance of the ruff, the many explosions, the shootings and the last but nonetheless important ?? a fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings a cover of "Brothers in Arms".
