First, the explanation: despite my title, I give this film only 8 stars, because in general it is NOT one of the best films ever made. All criticisms recorded here have valid points. Also, keep in mind that in order to enjoy the script, you really need to appreciate Neil Simon’s splendor in finding wit in real human banter. He clearly has a New York rumor for dialogue - especially dry, Jewish, sarcasm filled with love - and if you have problems accepting sarcasm as expressions of love, then you may have problems accepting optimism in this film <br /> <br /> So much for warnings. Here is my main argument: In this film, Walter Mattau is absolutely flawless, even beyond perfection. I have never seen him more ridiculous or more touching in this respect - because at the same time he shows us the gaiety of this character, who refuses to give up his image of a Big Star or an unbearable attitude, even when his coherence is reduced. perhaps even the heartbreakingly frightened person inside the grumble. And he only shows us this sad part - this is enough to really get to you if you happen to cope with the mental decline of your father or husband right now (I mention this as a warning), but artistically, this is enough pathos to give this character the most genuinely deep roots that I have seen, perhaps in any film. This is beyond the scope of the Method - the performance of Mattau is elegant as working with a character and is simply admired as a comic performance. This is a masterpiece of comic acting skills. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: I personally find his acting as annoying as a whole, and his work in this film is no exception - although he has some wonderful moments here. (“The chicken is funny ....” is one of them.) So, if you like it, you should like it here, and if you don’t do it, this film will not change its mind. <br /> <br /> About the Oscar of 1976 ... I agree that Mattau was not lucky to be against Nicholson in the "Cuckoo's Nest" this year. It was a dreadful year for a leading cast competition; If only there were separate Oscars for comedy and drama, then I think that Best Actor Oscar would go to Al Pacino on “Dog Day” and Walter Mattau on “Sunny Boys” - not to mention Jack's wonderful work as McMurphy, but I I think that Pacino and Mattau were EITHER more skillful and amazingly effective and completely legendary in their speeches than Nicholson that year. In addition, I think Burns got a second-rate Oscar for sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance - I mean, he was good at this film, but not THAT good. (Burns’s return, as always, but non-exclusive in itself, to show business was Brad Dourif’s really brilliant debut in Cuckoo's Nest, not to mention Chris Sarandon’s startling debut in Dog Day, which, I think, confirms my theory . <br /> <br /> Oscar theories aside, here’s my result: if you like Mattaw’s comedy game, watch this movie and enjoy its powerful tirades and wonderful gestures inspired by your grandmother, fleeting expressions and seemingly unwritten sides . (But if you are currently I was faced with pain, watching the old man is losing his grip, then I warn you that this film may be either comic relief that you need, or a dose of reality too painful to watch now.)
