This film was poorly received and poorly reviewed. Rebecca West’s book was written in 1918, shortly after World War I, when the shock of sleep and amnesia caused by trauma were not clichéd, as observers call it many books and movies later. It is difficult to go back in time and live as the characters lived, the realities of time: the war and horror of the experience of the first war using deadly gas, the British class system, which the wife considered extremely important, a hopeless virgin and mistress from the past, still seen through the eyes of love, so as young and beautiful as she was 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates as an Amnesian soldier who “dies” if he is not allowed to see Margaret, the girl of his young dreams, based on the dedication that his character showed in “Away from the insane crowd”. Seeing this presentation, you can feel his strong romantic affection for the girl who did not meet the expectations of her family and society. Margaret says: "We quarreled, and when you rowed, you turned away from me." So we know that the gap was something that he provoked, that it brought him shame, but that he forgot shame in his memory of his time with Margaret. I have not seen all his films, but in those that I have seen, he gives a strong masculinity that shines through even in this role as a disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I didn’t even recognize Ann-Margaret at first, and I feel that her performance was underestimated. Without reading the book, I wondered if there was a child who died as a result of an act of border incest between Jenny and Chris, although Jenny declares that she is a "cousin." The way Kitty keeps Jenny in the nursery at the hair drying scene, the fact that Kitty says that she always dries her hair in this room seems to Kitty a better way to keep the coals of anger hot than the orientation of the room in the sun. or feelings about the lost child, and her statement that she would like Chris not to feel the need to keep the room as it was when the child was alive, because of which she seemed indifferent to the memory of the child . In addition, Jenny is shown as living in a house in a subordinate role, as at that time a secular society would act with a fallen member. <br /> <br /> He recently got a strong lover’s fantasy (not sexy, following the customs of the day) 50 years ago, I could relate to the dilemma of Margaret and her husband. I, too, was removed because I was not good enough for his family, and after re-opening me over the Internet I was burdened with helping him deal with his still very terrifying events in Vietnam and marrying a woman above him. a class he did not believe he loves. My husband, like Margaret, was very understanding, but the tension was very real. The lover was finally able to reconcile his real situation with his fantasy of love only towards me. <br /> <br /> I thought that it was a good decision to show very little of what the military experience was going through again. in Chris's mind. I thought of “Mrs. Dalloway” with a soldier of World War I, who plays very cruel memories and commits suicide against Chris’s joy in his fantasy about Margaret. On the contrary, the actions of the soldier in Mrs. Dalloway seem overworked. <br /> <br /> The demonstration that the psychiatrist understood very little about what was happening with Chris emphasized the serious problem the whole group faced. Everyone seems to be returning their lives, but was this the right choice?
