just saw this exquisite 1982 film The Return of a Soldier, based on Rebecca West’s novel. We are talking about a shocked forty-year-old captain who does not even tell his wife that he has returned to British soil, but remains in a hospital in London. He lost his memory and again became a boy with a slow yen for a lower class sweetheart, which he chased 25 years ago. This is a delicate story. He is delayed in childhood, while the reader discovers that his wife is an unbearable, aspiring secular person who wants him to take his place in society. His cousin Jenny lives with them; she loved soldier Chris Baldry when they grew up as playmates, but learned the motto. The lower class woman played by Glenda Jackson is Margaret Gray. It is she who is notified that Chris has returned to England. Chris Kitty's wife is shocked when Mrs. Gray comes to tell her that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is empty and snobbish. Why, she asks herself, did this other woman send a telegraph about Chris and not about her? Chris completely forgot about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Now married Margaret does not want to meet with him, but then meets and continues to meet with him. There is a psychiatrist (Jan Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that “Chris’s temporary happiness with Margaret will disappear if he“ cures ”him. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is for Chris, and makes a secret loving alliance through Margaret. They are both in love with him. Jenny wants to help. Later in the film, Kitty says that Chris and her had a boy who died five years ago. Having said this to Chris, the psychiatrist will weigh it, he will definitely return to "normal." But is this a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty had ever been married, did not know about their child and the death of the child. The psychiatrist, only studying the child, believes that such knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris, because Kitty believes that he is pretending and refuses to accept Chris's illness when he returned to his youth when he was in his forties. The film leaves her mostly without attention as to what to do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in the child’s beautifully well-kept bedroom — with Kitty also in the novel, but not in the script — to discuss what they think should be done about Chris from their individual points of view. Margaret is the most important here because, although she is married, she again half fell in love with Chris. Jenny believes that Jenny’s social status will be in danger if Chris doesn’t correct himself. However, she does not report this to Margaret. Looking to the future, Margaret decides that Chris cannot maintain his fantasy over time, but must return to something like real life. While Kitty and Jenny are looking out the window of the house, Margaret walks up to Chris outside and tells him about her lost son. The head of the victim of the floating war is lowered, the shoulders are lowered, he looks away. He sadly goes to the house. Fin <br /> <br /> I read some criticism of this first novel about Rebecca West. The novel was written after the first war. The film is never clear who is Jenny, his cousin or his sister. Of course, it would be more inspiring if she were his sister. Criticism also does not clarify. I’m sure West was convinced in her novel that Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller or Anais Nin, whose book Incest (about her relationship with her father when she became an adult, to even deal with him because she bothered her as a child) I thought to read, but then refused. Rebecca, the author also needs to recover Chris. She also has outposts for the Society, in which her novel is first raped, but finally hugs again.
