"Shop around the corner" (1940) is a pleasant romantic comedy, not one that I will cherish until the end of my days, but nevertheless a film that fully deserves its reputation. By 1940, filmmaker Ernst Lubich had already taken Hollywood by storm, and his famous “Lubich touch” had become a sparkling commercial trademark. This film was planned to be released in 1939, but scheduled conflicts meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were unavailable for filming. Instead of replacing one of his main stars, Lubicz decided to postpone production, meanwhile sending Greta Garbo to Ninochka (1939). When it was finally completed, “Shop Around the Corner,” apparently met with relative indifference, receiving a zero Oscar nomination, despite Samson Raphaelson’s magnificent script and the excellent performances of his two leaders and Frank Morgan in a supporting role. Time, however, betrayed the huge and long-lasting influence of the film with loud remakes, including “In good old summer time (1949)” and “You received mail (1998)”. <br /> <br /> At On its surface one would assume that the “Shop around the corner” is simply the story of two lovers, Clara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stuart), who love each other without knowing this However, Lubicz’s film goes much deeper than that. This is the story of Matuschek and Company, a stylish gift shop in Budapest, and the various human relationships that make the store such a friendly family. When the owner of the store, Ugo Matushek (Frank Morgan), begins to suspect his senior employee in the affair with his wife, we observe the disintegration of two families, both at home and at work. There is absolutely no reason why history should not have been established in the United States ?? maybe on the bustling streets of new york ?? but Lubich consciously recreates the passions and memories of his last years in Europe, the bizarre love and life before the war brought horror and bloodshed on every threshold. This subtle subtext brings to the film a more meaningful, personal touch. in fact, even when I write this review, I begin to appreciate this story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart both play their roles perfectly, but I think this is really a supporting act that really makes a film. Each character brings a distinctive personality to the mix, and his interaction is always believable and enjoyable. I especially liked how Lubicz consciously directed most of our sympathy to Hugo Matushek, who in any other film would be limited to an underdeveloped, two-dimensional image. Matushek may have lost the love of his family, but he returns her in the love of his co-workers, and you feel the warmth of the heat when in a cold frost on Christmas Eve he finds a companion in a young affair with freckles - a boy (Charles Smith). This sincere warmth in relation to the minor character seems to me similar to some of Billy Wilder's later creations, for example, Boom Boom Jackson in The Cookie of Luck (1966) or Carlo Carlucci in Avanti! (1972). " Of course, this is not necessary to talk about, but Billy Wilder learned from the best.
