SHOP AROUND CORNER - one of the sweetest and most enjoyable romantic comedies ever made. It is simply impossible to get around, and it is difficult to express feelings for this film with words. This is not one of those films that is trying too hard, nor does it offer the strangest possible scenarios to bring together the two main characters. In fact, all his charm is innate, enclosed in characters, in the setting and in the plot ... which is very believable. It is easy to imagine that such a love story, no matter how beautiful it was ever told, * could * happen to you ... a feeling that you don't often get from other romantic comedies, no matter how sweet and heartbreaking they may be. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) did not have the most favorable first meetings when she came to the store (Matuschek & Co.), in which he had worked in the past nine years, asked work They collide from the very beginning, mainly because of the cigarette box that plays music when it is open - he thinks this is a ridiculous idea; she makes one big sale and gets a job. Their altercation takes them over the next six months, even when they both (unconsciously, of course!) Fall in love with each other when they share their souls and minds in letters sent through mailbox 237. That would be a pretty thin story line to set up the entire film, with the exception that the STORE AROUND ANGULAR is expertly equipped with a brilliant cast consisting of quite attractive characters, from the most paternal but lonely Hugo Matushek (Frank Morgan), who finds out that his shop is his house; Pirovich (Felix Bressart), an assistant to Kralik and his friend, who always leaves the room when asked about his honest opinion; the clever pimp Vadas (Joseph Shildkraut), who ultimately receives his retribution from the gloriously righteous Kralik; and the ambitious errand boy Pepi Cato (William Tracy), who wants nothing more than to get a clerk job at Matuschek & Co. A simple love story between “Dear Friends” is played out in this small shop in Budapest, Hungary, in which Kralik's unceremonious dismissal and the subsequent promotion to the store manager are helping two future loveless people. It's nice that everyone gets the story in this film; the secondary characters are well developed, and Matushek's own life path is almost as touching as that of Alfred and Clara. His invitation to the new errand boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for dinner on Christmas Eve, made in the steep, beautiful snow of the Hungarian winter, pleases the audience by the fact that he is not alone; we even care about heroes whose love story is not in the film. <br /> <br /> Besides the love story, I have to say that James Stewart is truly one of the best things in this film. He does not play the full-fledged Jimmy Stewart persona in this film (the movie "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" for this); in fact, Alfred Kralik is prickly and sharp, not very kind. In fact, he is a rather rude man with a slight hint (for the time being, perhaps, to the very end) that the boyish charm of the stupefied Stewart house will soon come to a patent. When he finds out before Klara that they corresponded in secret, in fact, Kralik does not confess - he is waiting to see how far he can get a charade, especially because he quickly understands (given his stormy relationship with Klara as boss and a subordinate) that the love of a man whom he knows from an exchange of letters may not equal the love of a man himself. His description of Clare fictional Matthias Popkin (what a name!), Which was supposed to be her fiancé, is extremely funny, but also his way of proving that the letters do not reveal everything that a person has, just as her letters do not reveal everything that eat for her. Stewart plays this role beautifully - he keeps his face under control when Clara insults Mr. Kralik, as she often does, even (and especially) his face. And yet, someone believes, in spite of rudeness and professionalism, that he * can * reveal his personality with the same seriousness, sincerity and pure * hope *, as in the end. <br /> <br /> Special mention should be made of other members of the film crew. In the first half of the film, Margaret Sullavan feels somewhat worse, but she does come to life in the scene of the closing of the store on Christmas Eve, when she almost breaks her heart again with Alfred’s most vivid description of her favorite mailbox. Frank Morgan plays a great role when the jealous Hugo Matushek is brought to a nervous breakdown, a man who has to rediscover his meaning in life when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife does not want to "grow old with him." And Felix Bressart plays the role of a gentle but loyal Pirovich, fine (darling standing, because he looks like a cheerful Russian ambassador to NINOTCHKA) - especially the scene in which he helps his good friend Alfred to get the Christmas present last * really * wants A purse instead of this ridiculous cigarette box, on which Klara is so fixated. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubicz is really proud of this film - for example, the well-known generous and painstaking care for details when creating the Matuschek store is worth the effort, even Hungarian names. on the doors, goods and cash register and so on. But even though Lubicz decided to tell a story in Hungary, the situation is in fact universal: it can happen anywhere; it can happen to you. That is the beauty of this simple story, these believable characters who are truly * people *. The snow on the eve of Christmas is also real, or at least as real as Lubich could have made him (he had snow machines brought at great expense). It is this desire to make everything as real as possible that makes the story even more believable, which gives the whole film a dreamy realism that cannot be reproduced. (No, not even in a remake, as YOU GOT THE MAIL.) <br /> <br /> * This is * a truly Christmas movie about Jimmy Stewart, in which people miss the opportunity to talk about THIS WONDERFUL LIFE. Not to detract from the merits of this other film, but there would be no harm, and in fact a lot of good, if instead he watched the SHOP AROUND A CORNER this Christmas. It's cute, funny, charming, and Stewart is flawless in his role. We should all be so lucky that this film is a novel; The best thing about this film is that we leave it, feeling that we can.
