"Mad Dog" Earl returned with his sad little Marie and this inconsistent clubfoot Velma. Just like the baby and Red, Doc and Big Mac, and even the scenery lover Pard. The only thing missing is a compelling reason to remake the Higher Sierra Raoul Walsh 14 years later, without reinterpreting the line or frame, and doing so with a talent is noticeable a step or two down the stairs than in the original. (Instead of Walsh, we get Stuart Heisler, for Humphrey Bogart, we get Jack Palans, for Ida Lupino, Shelley Winters, and so on, right up to the credits.) The only change is that this time instead of black and white is in Warnercolor; Unfortunately, there are those who would consider this an improvement. <br /> <br /> I died a thousand times, maybe unnecessarily ?? and inferior ?? but at least it's not a parody; The story still works on its own stage conditions. Earl (Palance), who had just come out from under a pen near Chicago, travels west to take the lead in the great work that Lon Cheney Jr., the sick kingpin in law, is leading ?? overturning post mountain resort. On the way, he almost runs into the Oakies family when he is smitten with their granddaughter; the battle lasts even when he discovers that she is lame. Arriving at the cabins, where the rest of the gang is hiding, he finds amateur hotheads in the throat of each other as well as Winters, who rushes at him (as the pooch does). While waiting for them to be called by their inner person at the hotel, Palance (to Winter's chagrin) offers to pay for the operation to cure the girl’s deformity, a gesture that has unpleasant consequences. Then the surgical blow to the resort turns into bloodshed. On the run, Palance rises higher in the cold Sierras .... <br /> <br /> This is quite an exciting, well-executed story that lacks Walsh's identity and cast, brought to him in 1941, in the year of the Gods, with this role and the role of Sam Spade in the Maltese Falcon became a star. And the last, heretical note: these mountains are really gorgeous in color. <br /> <br />
