It is full of main spoilers, so be careful. <br /> <br /> “Prize Bota” always suffers in comparison with two films made by Louise Brooks with G.V. Pabst, Pandora's Box and The Lost Girl's Diary, "but in a sense, Prix is ​​Brooks’s most significant film. Here she has a chance to be charming without the dark side of her Pabst collaboration. What Prix has, what’s not Pabst's films are music. In this early French film, the whole mystic Louise Brooks is powerfully embodied in a combination of image, song and music. Charleston seems to be most associated with Brooks (she was the first to dance it in Europe), but the essence of the actress in tango is stronger. Tango is also grasps the storyline in Prix, being the music with which she danced on her short rise to fame after she became Miss Europe. Later, when she left her fame in favor of worldly existence as the wife of jealous husband Andre, longing for her left Glory becomes apparent when the same tango recording is seen on her flatbed player.Thus it is relevant to Brooks tango, which is used to accompany the documentary film about her life “In Search of Lulu”, a film made by Shirley MacLaine. The arrogant and strong quality of tango embodies Louise Brooks’s strong, yet elegant and erotic personality. <br /> <br /> The song “Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi” adds a huge amount of pathos to what is not a good film (but very good). By the way, the voice of Brooks was not duplicated for the film Edith Piaf, as some say. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. However, the song is that the character Brooks, Lucien, sings to Andre at the beginning of the film to cheer him up and express his deep affection for him. And at the climax, this is the song that she sings for her on-screen test, which she scans along with the producers and managers who intend to form her career. This continues on the screen after Andre’s husband, who has followed her to the movie theater, shoots and kills her. In one frame, when Lucienen’s dead body is at the bottom of the screen at rest, while her screen test continues above with a song that she once sang to Andre, the essence of what other art forms do in films is completely uncharacterized. Andre watches his late wife singing to him on the screen, the murder weapon is still smoking, he smiles slightly. She is now his forever, and our association. <br /> <br /> Coincidentally, Louise Brooks’s real career collapsed and burned after the Beauty Prize, so it was also the death of her last starring role. This film truly seals the mystique of Brooks more than Pabst’s films (which are no doubt excellent films). This also indicates that it is in the films that the whole idea of ​​the “cult” of films is created - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death than when they were alive.
