The story of obsessive love, spread to the limit, and the beautiful swan, whose beauty - is the key to her premature death. “PRIX DE BEAUTE”, placed at the beginning of the radio, is a fine line, turning into a full-fledged silent film, which is still at heart, and flirting with sound and sound effects. The effect is a bit annoying to anyone who enters this film, because the recorded sound is extremely cruel and simply does not help. Listening to a sound stage talk, edited at the beginning of an episode that takes place, for example, on the beach, is as much a part of the film as an actress who duplicates Louise Brooks’s dialogue and thus takes away a wonderful performance from the audience. In addition, the film moves more or less well, with small jumps in continuity here and there - something quite common in the films of this era - and this vague acceleration seems typical of silence. In a sense, this is an experiment of the film, closer to the style of Sergei Eisenstein in the visual presentation and almost intimate close-ups that raise him from a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks here plays the role of a character who is less known than what she was known for: she is a stenographer who decides to take part in a beauty market, despite the furious resistance of her extremely suffocating boyfriend. Her role is rather thirtieth and modern for her time; The last of the flapper / Jazz Baby roles was shown on screen, and now, with the beginning of women's independence, women as professionals have been featured in the film. The fact that the character Brooks decides to leave her boyfriend (even if she “reconciles” with him later) is also a little ahead of her time. However, her character's fatal flaw is the desire to believe in something that is not - that her boyfriend wants her to succeed - and this is what leads to her end in the cinema. This last sequence looks like something straight from Hitchcock in his heightened tension (seen from “A MAN WHO KNOWING KNOWLY TOO”) and cut from Brooks, her images on the screen and a murderous guy. Even more dramatic is the placement of the still-singing “living” Brooks with the already dead - the cooling effect of a frightening, powerful film.
