We have seen the silent version of this film, and it is just amazingly beautiful. It is rather difficult to understand how the sound version could have been created, since it was filmed with a purely silent technique, long wordless narratives without a single title - with the exception of a few embarrassing episodes where Louise Brooks, playing a French typist, quite clearly speaking in English ... The only section that apparently calls out to the sound is the final scene, where Brooks watches her test “for the sound film”: frames that are constantly played in the background when the screen is turned off. consequence, with her mouth moving in a continuous quiet song. Subsequently, I was not surprised to learn that this passage in the version for the radio was perceived as a model of new technology! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of its first scenes and the fabulous inevitability of the subsequent film, the movie resembles a dream. Like the “Louise Brooks film”, it was not at all what I expected, neither from her Hollywood comedies, nor from German melodramas GWPabst: I found the idiom more fluent and pleasant than any, and Brooks herself is another creature, strong laughing young a beast, not a vamp from a display case or a doll manipulator. <br /> <br /> But this film gives more depth than it seems at first glance, this is the unexpected second half; scared off by the rich parasites that surround her beauty, the poor princess returns to a tearful reunion with her modestly born true love ... and the story might well have ended there. The tale, however, turns into a tragedy. Amateur Grabowski, confident in his ability to manipulate the woman he wants, is still too correct in his self-serving predictions - young lovers cannot bring happiness to each other - and Andre, ironically, was right not trusting social influence about beauty contests: after intoxicating with his instant glory, Lucien begins to get worried about the boring routine of family life, while her husband, in turn, is going crazy about any reminder of this whole story. If it were a simple case of an inappropriate marriage, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they really love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of Murnau's "sunrise". But if so, the scenes of the fair and the photographer here would form a distorted mirror image of joyful reconciliation in “Sunrise”; not a dream, but an alienated nightmare. And the next dawn does not bring a wonderful reunion, but an empty bed and an abandoned house. Leaving the letter saying that she loves him and will always love him, Lucien disappears from Andre’s life again in search of brightness and freedom; and this time she will never return. <br /> <br /> The gossip columns confirm Andre’s worst beliefs as he learns about the whereabouts of his wife from messages linking her name to Grabowski. When the young worker finally penetrates the generous sanctuary of the screening room, he has a horse-drawn gun - he is greeted by the appearance of his rival, who cares and caresses the laughing Lucien, the same woman who has promised her immortal affection as she left him. He kills her, but even when he kills, he is pierced with a live image on the screen; Lucien, in all her transformed glory, has never seen her. Both women find themselves in an endless, powerful moment when Andre sees, seizes, resists and withdraws: the dying girl and her singing personality are still projected upstairs, caught unconscious outside of time by celluloid eternity, playing in the unconscious state of life or death or love under it .. . <br /> <br /> The main ringing element in the film is colleague's character Andre Antonin, who does not seem to play any role, except for the licensed butt of his contempt contemporaries. He is an ugly man who can never get a girlfriend, a clumsy weakling who is stumbled and tortured in restrooms and at work, and he has to take it all with an uncertain, ingratiating smile in his futile hope of social recognition: a typical product In other words, bullying more gifted and popular, but the audience is obviously invited to laugh along with his tormentors. If the intention is not to show the dark side to the main characters (for whom I feel no signs), the character seems to exist simply as a comic relief, but a comic relief with a distinctly nasty edge. When we only know him as an unskillful Peeping Tom on the beach, it’s easy to laugh, although the revenge of others seems a bit excessive; when we discover that he is not an accidentally met stranger, but a colleague of Andrei and a regular assistant, the ongoing attacks quickly cease to be very funny. <br /> <br /> But these are the images that remain. Beauty, nightmare and sleep.
