I'm a real fan of Mitchell Leisen, so I was looking forward to renting this film, but the imprint I received was very bad, so worn out and burned, it seemed beyond repair, the film was so grim. So dark that in some scenes that are shot in the dark, you will not see anything. However, I believe that I share the same opinion as the first review of this film. It begins abnormally and does not match the lines and rhythms of your typical Hollywood film of the 1930s. Heck, not even your typical Hollywod movie of any era. It seems that the Europeans influenced the director, because there is a certain caustic realism in the process from the first shot, which is so thought out in moving and placing the camera, like Maggie (Carol Lombard) and Skid (Fred McMurray). You half expect them to start singing "Believe" from Show Bota. It starts with a few laughs, and poor Anthony in one role in a scene where he doesn’t say a word in English, receives Freddie’s blow. Skids is an ass that doesn't care that he is an ass. That is why he is enrolled in the army, where he can hide from the world. Although he was just released, and in a series of fraud scenarios she misses her boat to New York. This is when the film is gaining momentum, and we are starting to receive these sixties French films of vibration for the whole process. The scenes are so well filmed by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham that the film is gaining momentum. McMurray is also good because he and Lombard fall in love with each other as she develops his talent for trumpet. Then the temptress appears in the form of Dorothy Lamur. Enough with the plot. The film has fantastic editing sequences that blinded me. They are very good. And in this film, Lombard won a home round, but in the second half, Freddie was called a little more, and he could not deliver the goods. With a heavily melodramatic finale and an actor you don't believe in, the film fails, but since this is not your typical film in terms of structure, scenery and direction. It is worth seeing. For the fact that it was one of the 37 hits of the season 1936-37. Although I do not know his exact title.
