I first encountered this film when I read a book (written in the 1970s) about Mitchell Leysin's career. I have to admit that over the years I have watched many of his films and consider his best work really high-quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW should have been one of his best. Although it did not bore me, it did not make such an impression on me as KEEPING A DAWN, DEATH, HOLIDAY, KIT, or even GOLDEN EARS. I suspect that now there are too many dates to be loved. <br /> <br /> Work at Paramount Leisin had problems in the films he did that were musicals. Most of the points he worked with were rather mediocre. It’s true that standards appeared twice in his films, but these were really rare cases: “Cocktails for Two” appeared in “KILLING ON TOUR”, and “Mona Lisa” came out of CAPTAIN CAREY, USA. But the rest of the score for MURDER AT Vanity was forgotten. “Mona Lisa” was the only melody in CAPTAIN CAREY. It shouldn't have been this way - in the early 1930s, Rogers and Hart worked in the studio of Laysin. Why could he not be assigned to the project with them? The score for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW is pleasant but forgettable. Unfortunately, the film is centered in the entertainment world, as Fred McMurray demonstrates great talent as a trumpet player (he even puts Carol Lombard in motion, wrapping her arms around her while he blows a pipe). The song (played by Lombard) about how her lover plays her, excites her, is important to the plot. It works in a film, but it would be better if the song were more memorable. <br /> <br /> There is an unusual style in the film - it starts on the ocean liner, on which the Lombard works, like a manicurist. Her boss, Franklin Pangborn (ship's hairdresser) constantly mocks her. Then the ship enters the Panama Canal, and we see McMurray as a soldier, whose call will end soon. Their first scene together has a nice Leisin touch: McMurray is talking to Lombard, she is on the deck of the boat, and he is on the edge of the castle wall. A good way to continue the action, until the dialogue is dull. <br /> <br /> The film tells about the rise and fall of Skid-Johnson (MacMurray), when he meets Lombard, and begins his reputation as a trumpeter, but meets the "other woman" in the movie Dorothy Lamore. The best moments in the film relate to the collapse of the relationship with Lombard and his rupture as a jazz trumpeter (his appearance and need for alcohol are very atypical for McMurray's character - even his darker figures such as Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or the Navy officer who pushes Kane’s insurrection did not show alcohol dependence. <br /> <br /> Lombard is good because the woman loves, but McMurray is offended. Lamore has little to do - perhaps there were more scenes in the film with her, but one stands out it's her try and put MacMurray in the cart again. In his debut, Pangborn is fine. Rarely seen in films, little actor Carl Juddels is effective as a good weather fan / friend of MacMurray who throws him when he leaves (although he gives him a hand). <br / > <br /> Charles Butterworth in this film is, as usual, trivial, but he has one moment when he shyly looks at his hands on the keyboard of the piano in the rooms he, his girlfriend, McMurray, and the Lombard share - his reddened appearance comes from Because of the embarrassment about the lies that McMurray insists on, this is true. It was a good, delicate moment. If only his subtlety was in his action, and not in his moments of vague humor.
