"ODD COUPLE" Neil Simon created a model for many of his later plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were roommates in the original pair, the first were picky and tidy, and the second were sloppy and disbanded. Simon rewrote (less successfully) the play in the 1990s as a NEW NECESSARY PAIR with roommates. He did this as a mixed couple (woman with daughter and man) in Farewell Girls. He also gave him an extra twist in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit with Jack Olberson and Sam Levin in the role of Al Lewis and Willy Clark, seniors, retired vaudeville. Here the problem of “flat” comes down to the union of two men who cannot stand each other. In the 1976 film, Walter Mattau played the main role in the role of Willy, and George Burns in the role of Al. <br /> <br /> Actually, Al probably doesn’t really think badly about Willie - Willie is pathological about Al. First, Al had little habits, such as spitting out randomly when uttering words starting with the letter “t,” and willy waving lightly with the index finger on the stage. Secondly, Al retired when his wife died. Willy was not ready to resign (and forced his nephew and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to get him a job in advertising. But Willy cannot remember the lines if they are not funny and continues to spank them. Therefore, he can rarely stay until the end of the rehearsal for the commercial. <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to bring them together for a lively scene of their most famous sketch in a television show about the American comedy. Bring Al to see Willie and the sparks start flying, since none of them can't understand what the other is doing (and then only during rehearsal. In addition, Willie insists on changes (minor, but they dump Al) for example, say “ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door. The initial rehearsal failed, but Ben manages to get them to record the show. Question in whether they complete the scene in the finished program or will Willy curl Al's neck? <br /> <br /> Three leads, Mattau, Burns and Benjamin, do an excellent job with a one-liner f quite reminiscent of a vaudeville skorogod (example: in my chest ... my chest hurts, Uncle Willie. Every Thursday I come here and have chest pains! "" So, come on Fridays! "). Benjamin seeks to prove his deep attachment to his uncle, although Mattau’s rough outer shell makes it difficult (it smoothes out only when he discusses fame) vaudeville days.) Mattau understands reality a little (at first glance) than Burns, who seems old that which is repeated, - but in fact, the feeling of rejecting Mattau by the world, which once applauded him, makes him less willing to behave properly. Burns is not old - he takes everything slowly. But he looks much happier, accepting his resignation. <br /> <br /> I call this the final “Voyage of Discovery” for our contemporary Lewis and Clark. Al and Willi are superior to their old parodies, as they gradually realize that in old age they have more in common than they thought. Even the hot-tempered Willie admits that Al may be (for him) a pain in the ass, but he was a funny person. br /> <br /> Burns was not the original choice for the part of "Al Lewis" (perhaps Dale from Smith and Dale). Jack Benny was. Benny would probably do a good job, but poor health forced him out (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last participation in any film was as a narrator in SOLID GOLDEN KADILLAKA in 1956) turned into such a wonderful idea that he won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor, and in the next decade he had a career in film. in films like my God! O God, you are the devil; AND GOING IN STYLE. He died in 1996 at the age of 100, proving that he was not just a brilliant man for his wife, Gracie Allan.
