I have seen “Miracles still happen” now at least four times. I never get tired of this fantastic movie. From the very beginning he holds the interest of a person. As the movie progresses and the plane crashes, the story becomes very tense when we see how this young girl tries to survive alone and is scared on the Amazon after the crash in which she was the only survivor. The loss of her mother in this plane crash also makes this film even more dramatic, as we see the dangers that this young girl had to endure during her ten days on Amazon. To think that this really happened is simply unrealistic, and to think that someone can really survive is unbelievable because we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wildlife, as well as countless insects. In the course of the film, we see a lot of dangers that this girl faces, trying to follow the river in the hope that she will lead her to the city. Remembering what her father told her about how a stream always leads to a river and then to an even larger river, and this means that this will eventually lead to a community, this young girl will follow a tiny stream that will eventually lead to a huge river. throughout the entire film. Sometimes she had to swim in dangerous waters, lonely, frightened, wounded, and she always managed to keep going. By the end of this film, it was obvious that she would not have been able to last much longer, as she had not eaten for ten days, and she only had drinking water, and she was very sick and tired of her dangers. Eventually, when she sees the canoe, she realizes that there must be a village, and the men find her, and they take care of her, and then take her to the hospital, where her father comes to her, fearing that she died with many other passengers. Such a dramatic film and such a heartbreaking look on the face of her father when he sees that his daughter is still alive after all this time in Amazon! Movies like this are not made much in those days. I will still see it again and know that I will never get tired! To think that this girl was the only survivor on this plane is simply unbelievable! In addition, the fact that she received only a few very light injuries was even more remarkable, while everyone else on this plane died in a terrible fall in the Amazon wilderness. A brilliant film, truly superbly played, and I will appreciate it forever and will love to keep watching! Highly recommended by me for sure!
