It was believed to be the “Swiss answer to the Lord of the Rings,” but it is much more than that. This is not the answer to anything, this in itself is something new, something funny, and sometimes completely stupid and stupid, but is Monty Python different from stupid? <br /> <br /> At the beginning it is immediately stated that this film is low-budget and should not be taken seriously. The cardboard clouds on the strings knock on the plane in which the main character sits. But to compensate for the missing special effects, the landscape does its job. It is absolutely beautiful and amazing - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the film was the simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that they put into it. It is not brilliant; yet it has some nice humorous pieces. Edward Pichchin, like Frido, is absolutely convincing, it would be enough to go see a movie because of him! There are some good jokes, some of them are very lame, some of them will not be understood by people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I liked the scene where Frido decides to take the Pupsey TV program with him. Also very funny is the scene when Racaroll, a knight fighting with swords, decides to brag with his sword - and subsequently smashes him against the wall, breaking it. And there is one scene where the characters "Nazgul-ish" make a surprisingly comic scene that includes a toilet brush ... I did not approve of the idea of ​​using the Ring of Shleymli, the character of "Gollum", in the Order to "seduce" the ladies. It was a bit contrived. The idea that Lord Sauraus wanted to cover the ground with fondue was not too brilliant. Original, of course, but not brilliant. But most of all I didn’t like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, which really wasn’t necessary. In general, I recommend watching the film simply because it is so insane and completely dirty. Do not expect a parody of the LotR, as "Space Balls" was for Star Wars. But if you go to the cinema, thinking that it will be a fun evening without any ambition, then you will like it. I'm not sure if he works in other languages, because he really lives in Swiss dialects, as well as in jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> In general: be easy on the courage of the Swiss team that did it!
