Sarafina was a funny movie and some songs were really great. Sarafina was very interesting. I usually do not like these musical things, but the singing was not lame, as it looked on the box. The film was useful for learning about history because it was an interesting perspective on the riots in Soweto in 1976. He showed you things from the students' point of view during the riots and showed that they were real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, it makes them look more like an audience and makes you more responsive to them as white government victims you cannot sympathize with. The singing of the disciples is correct, because from the stories we know that the students of the riot sang and danced before they became violent. The clothes of the students in Sarafin are very similar to the clothes shown in the photographs from Soweto. They made the film actually in Soweto, so it looks very accurate in many parts. All these things make the film more accurate for someone who uses it to learn about apartheid. As spectators, we must be critical of how the story of apartheid was presented. As I said, you become sympathetic to students - this makes it potentially less reliable and objective. In addition, it changes some details from other accounts. In Sarafin, this turns into chaos when a policeman enters their class and shoots students. The police and the army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army did shoot students, but there is no evidence that they went to school and executed such people. The fighting was more on the streets and had robberies and crimes. This is done in the film, probably to make you feel sorry for the schoolchildren more. The film would be more useful if it had any other information about apartheid. The teachers were arrested for being against the government, and my mother is going to work in a home for white people. But there is no information about the government and why they do it, or any details about racist policies and laws. George S, Chris and Finlay
