This film reminds me of the 42nd street starring Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watch this film, many of them remind me of 42nd street, especially the character of Heloise, who is a temperamental star, and she eventually falls and breaks her ankle, like Bebe Daniels on 42nd street, and another performer gets the role and becomes a star, This film, like most racing films, makes people watch because of the great entertainment. Racing films have always been shown by Black Entertainment since it was really popular at the time. Dance styles, music, dressing styles, you'll like it. This film could be great if it were shot in Hollywood, it would have better scenery, better shooting and more money that would make any film better. But it’s worth seeing because it’s good, and Michaud is good at what he has. I have to say that of all the films Misho, Swing is the best! The film features singers, dancers, actresses and actors who were popular but forgotten today. The shares of Armen, a terrific trumpeter who can hit the horn so that you think Gabriel lets the horn into the sky. The sexy, hot dancer Consuela Harris will defame Ann Miller and Gispy Rose Lee. <br /> <br /> Adding More Information ... The popular blues singer of the 20s and 30s Cora Green is the focus of the film, she is Mandy, a good, hardworking woman with a bad man who takes her money and spends them on other women. A curious neighbor, played by Amanda Randolph, tells Mandy what she saw and heard, and Mandy goes to the club and catches her man with an attractive, seductive woman named Eloise (in the 30s played Hazel Diaz, Hot-Cha actress) and the fight begins. Then Mandy goes to Harlem, where she is reunited with several guardian angel Lena, played by one of the most beautiful women in the films Dorothy Van Angle. Lena provides Mandy with home, work and helps her become a star when the temperamental Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I think she plays two roles or changed her stage name) tries to spoil the show with her bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is suitable for work, and Lena is right, and a star is born in Mandy. Tall, long, lanky, but beautiful Karman Newsom is a cool aspiring producer, who is also watching Lena. Cute boy Larry Seymour plays a bad man, but after Lena threatens him, he can recover. There are a few highlights, but what strikes you is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) is late for the rehearsal and goes to everyone, and then her man enters and hits her jaw, but this is not enough, she is almost getting into a fight with Mandy again. Between them there is great entertainment for girls from the choir, tap dancers, shaking dancers, swing music and blues singing. There are even white people who watch entertainment, I wonder where Misho found them, there is even a scene where black and white sit together in a club, Michaud often included black and white in his films, he should be praised for such a bold move. <br /> <br /> This film was the first racing film that I really liked, and it helped me to get acquainted with Oscar Michaud. This film is one of the best in the genre of racing films, it is a backstage story about the ups and downs of show business. <br /> <br /> No, these early racing films cannot be the best, cannot be compared with Hallelujah, Green pastures, Stormy weather, Hut in the sky, Carmen Jones or any other Hollywood movies, but it's nice to watch them, because their early signs of black films, plus these films give an idea of ​​black life and black entertainment through the eyes of a black man. These films gave Black the opportunity to play people from all walks of life, to be beautiful, classy and elegant, and not just stereotypes or how White felt that Black should be portrayed as in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses in these racing films were not the best, but they were the only ones who could afford it at the time. Michaud and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mei McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredy Washington, Paul Robson, Rex Ingram and many other big stars, so Michaud and other black and white filmmakers used nightclub performers in their films, some were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think that Misho and others knew that They weren't good actors and actresses, but they were used more as an experiment than for real talent, they just wanted to tell their stories, and in return many black performers showed their real talents in films. For some real actors / actresses, racing films were the only type of films they could get to work, especially if they didn’t want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so I think that you can distinguish real actors / actresses from nightclub performers. These racing films are very historical, they could be lost forever, many are lost, maybe racing films are not the best example of a movie, but even Hollywood films did not start off great from the very beginning. I think if the genre of racing films continued, it would be better. If you are looking for a great acting game, most racing movies are not those, but if you are looking for a real example of black entertainment and how black people should be portrayed in movies than watch racing movies. There are several exciting racing films with a good cast: Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What a girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, who has not only good fun, but also a good game.
