I am a big fan of Vonnegut's creativity, and I really like this film, but I would not say that this is the film “Mother's Night”, which I read. When people say that Vonnegut does not dissolve, two things come to my mind. One of them is that many of his themes are very close to the fists or even to taboo, despite the fact that he is sometimes accused of choosing relatively “light” goals for his satire. This means less with each day that passes when it comes to the ability to process. Directors nowadays seem to revel in breaking taboos, and I have high hopes for the Blue Beard version, which is now in production. It's amazing to think that such an innocent thing as Vonnegut's “Titan's Siren” would probably be equivalent to an “R” rating if it were taken when it was published back in the 50s for its violence, language and sexual and thematic the content, although this is a tragedy in that no one has yet invented a script for this. And in the current economic climate, I also hope that some director will take a close look at Jailbird, Galapagos and Hocus Pocus. <br /> <br /> Another thing is his style of narration, which ironically irony in irony, but still makes it funny. It seems impossible to objectify, and this seems to be the biggest obstacle to creating great films from his great novels, because little author comments that color our response as readers are simply impossible in films without resorting too often to clumsy methods such as " conversations "". Vonnegut suggested that in the removed versions of his work there is no character who is himself the author / narrator. To his credit, "Breakfast of the Champions" (film) tried to save the comedy and became a little rebellious because of his pain. Like the other turkey made from Vonnegut's novel, Slapstick, in an even more impressive way. <br /> <br /> However, there’s nothing wrong with the director giving us his subjective interpretation of Vonnegut, and Mother’s Night is a great example of how, according to another reviewer, a good director can add visual poetry to such a source. But so much humor is lost, that, although it is the same plot, in fact it is not the novel that I read. If this were so, I would probably ride in the aisles, laughing, several times, watching it. For the reader of the novel, I think that laughing at the end is forgivable. The end of the film, however, is really sharp, and I think one of the successes of the film is that it can really leave you feeling that you saw someone walking along the razor's edge between good and evil, and jury everything still missing. <br /> <br /> Standing alone is worth seeing. Technically, there are some minor but obvious mistakes, especially in continuity, and they too often look gray and theatrical, but most of the time they fall on an acceptable note and sometimes show considerable imagination and resourcefulness. The action is generally of a high order, even if, perhaps, the dialogue by today's standards is a bit unjustified. <br /> <br /> He survives rather well, watching with his back to "Slaughterhouse-5", and in fact there is Vonnegut took a little more "good", mostly they were versions of his short stories - "Harrison Bergeron" this time? ”and some other things, such as, of course, a dazzlingly shot version of his very funny, but one-time play“ Happy Birthday, Wanda, June ”. There was also an interesting fragment, if it still exists, performed in the 70s called “Between time and Timbuktu”, which Vonnegut obviously didn’t like very much, although he was involved in its production, because he felt that he misinterpreted him in his community. He said that it reminded him of the strange surgical experiments performed in the tale of Dr. Moreau, by William G. Wells, but for many it was an excellent introduction to his work. <br /> <br /> But if the films do not make you want to go to an excellent source material, they don’t do their work. <br /> <br /> As the man said, more or less big show in your head.
