I haven’t read Kurt Vonnegut’s “Mother’s Night” (although I’ve read his other books, all the outstanding works of satire and innovative plays that change the rules of the game). After Kate Gordon sees the film version of her book, it will be immediately read in the near future. This is the material that, I am sure, if it had not been filmed in 1995/96 as a film, it could have been taken right now, at a time when many films of the period / present, Holocaust / World War II are quite popular. . , Except that it is much darker, although more resonant, with regard to the nature of the role play and the real horror of life with life after the war, than, say, the Reader. This is a very real danger of pretending in wartime, and this is the essence of the spy in World War II. <br /> <br /> There would be one thing if Mother’s Night had a scenario with great emotional depth and complexity about moral choice and a permanent role — even after the war ended — for Howard W. Camppell (Nick Nolte), which does. But it is also a really strong feat of the cinematographic technique. Keith Gordon is not the one whom I usually consider the director of really strong material (moreover, I remember him as an actor, oddly enough, briefly told by Vonnegut himself in Back to School), but this is a revelation. He sees Campbell's story as a story of a shattered life: a German propagandist (“the only American remaining in Berlin”) who is in fact a spy for Americans, but can never reveal his identity and was before the playwright who really belonged to the “nation of two” , himself and his wife (Cheryl Lee). He follows him out of the prison cell, awaiting trial in Israel in 1961, when he writes memoirs and tells of his disappointment that he is “pretending” to be a Nazi, and then in 1960 in a half-cover in a New York apartment, where part of the film is happening. <br /> <br /> Mother's Night can be quite heavy, as at a level that can be associated with a pianist, but at a different, more emotional-brain level than the absolute poetry of this film. Gordon, through Vonnegut, is trying to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing but a memory (and then a strange transference) of his long-lost love for a “sister” who returned to him in New York, so that he is left alone with him when he became friends with the artist (Alan Arkin is very, very good here), and then shows up as a white newsletter of supremacy hiding from the Nazis, leading fools to his apartment. At first glance, this should be just a spy story, but not everything is so simple. “Something” in this person’s life is staggering, but ultimately it’s his own choice. Campbell is one of those characters who can be analyzed for hours on end, but you can come to the same conclusions (and, in a sense, reflects the line Goebbels expressed): the more lies, the more people believe her. This is with the exception of a select few who started a lie and know its secret and power. <br /> <br /> But it would be one thing if it was just a wonderful and tragic comic tale, or another, if it were to show really fantastic performances (which does: Nolte is at his best here, and Cheryl Lee, who we might recall from Twin Peaks as Laura Palmer, is stunning in several roles, especially in the scene, when she reveals that she is not “really” Helga). It is also a superbly filmed film, with bright lights and frames that reflect the character’s mental state, or just the harshness or disgusting colors of the time (see the scene where old Campbell watches a film in which his younger personality spells Runt, matching faces perfectly). And musical works raise the level of tragedy. It can be argued that some of the music is too large, but in other cases it raises the material beyond its usual dramatic dimensions and makes it operatic, solemn about human nature. <br /> <br /> This is not always an easy film to perceive emotionally, and some of the twists and turns have a shade like any spy story. But this is subversive activity from Vonnegut, which permeates everything, a way to acquire appearance and performance, a life imitating art, imitating life, imitating death, and transforming it into something worth remembering. I don’t know yet if the book is better than the film (or vice versa), but now it’s hard for me not to recommend it to anyone looking for a masterpiece after the story about the Second World War / Holocaust tale.
