American playwright Howard W. Campbell Jr. (playing with the stale obsolescence of Nick Nolte) happily lives in Germany with his wife, actress Helga Noth (Cheryl Lee), before the start of World War II. At the peak of his life, an American agent (John Goodman) called on Howard to become a spy on behalf of the allies; warned about the risks that work bears, Howard may lose everything, but finds the offer irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell disguises himself from the anonymity of the lonely life in New York, which further confuses his neuroses. The central question (indeed, the question that upset many critics) of the film and the original novel by Kurt Vonnegut: "Campbell - a hero or a traitor?" Directed by Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide offer us tips, but do not give an answer, and this ambiguity is NOT KNOWLEDGE - this is what makes Mother's Night fresh and interesting. At the beginning of the film, Nolte portrays Campbell intelligent and confident; by the end, he is either scared and unsure, or scared and FULLY confident in his contribution / duty to humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon gives a certain icy shine to the images of the first half of the film, which complement his portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and reflect the dramatic side of Vonnegut. On the other hand, when Campbell confines to his lonely New York apartment (which he affectionately calls “purgatory”) only for detection by a group of Nazis, the humor created is also purely distinctive for the author and provides a temporary respite from the dramatic tension that unfolds. The moral (even spiritual) paradox of Mother's Night does not give in to simple resolution, and to some extent it should be left ambiguous - Campbell’s black and white scenes look tired into space when he is in prison in Israel offers tacit contemplation to which we are not involved because Campbell is a character whose inner work we know very little about; the war changes him, returning to America changes him, and a meeting with the Nazis in New York forces him to extend the facade of his "act" even further, to such an extent that he can only look tiredly at the projected image of himself on the wall, spewing anti-Semitic bile. Perhaps this is the best reaction we could hope for.
