This magical moment in life, the point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confusing whirlwind, signifying adulthood. This is what this film is about. <br /> <br /> Danny (wonderfully played by Reese Witherspoon) at the very moment of life when the film begins. She fainted away from Elvis, playing his records and wanting to think about love. Maureen, her sister, will soon go to college, she has no problems attracting boys, she is beautiful and seems to have understood everything, although she does not do that. She meets with a local loser, whose father is also behind her, and just wants her to find a decent boy and get knocked down. Danny, like most young teenagers, wants her to be someone else besides herself, because most teenagers think that they are simply not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but she does not see that she is beautiful. <br /> <br /> The moment when adult life begins to invade her life is when she first meets Court Foster. The court, whose father recently died, moved to his old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He took responsibility when he should be having fun. One special hot day, he walks to the pond and jumps, only to find that Danny is skinny plunging. They shout and argue, and Danny leaves. But they see each other the next day, when the Court's mother invites Danny to visit old friends (Danny's Parents). Danny becomes sued, and Danny becomes sued. She is tomboy and nimble, relevant and says what's on her mind. <br /> <br /> The court is 17 years old, and Danny is 14 years old, and he knows it, but they continue to come close to the days at the pond between the Court, working on the farm. By the time the Court kisses her once, Danny is amazed. Danny's father tells her to invite Cort to the house, and he does. but the cases are inconvenient to the court because of his “kind of dating. Silence is broken by his meeting with Maureen, who has not yet seen the court. One glance between two and it's over. The looks of pain and lesions on Danny's face are beautiful in their truth of life and painful at the same time. The rest of the film I will not tell, but in the film there is something more than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the film is that it depicts moments of life, beautiful and painful, and the relationship between two sisters, whose love is tested and the boy they love and the pain they have to endure together and separately. Danny, after all, marks his entry into the world when he sees that the world is unjust, painful, and perhaps even less optimistic than when the film began. Few films can truly capture the miracle of childhood and the pain of adulthood. This film has been stuck in my memory since I first watched it. It's on my list of the top 100 movies and deservedly so. I just want more movies like this, because if so. My belief in Hollywood would be much better.
