When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it, and he got good reviews. I watched the first episode of this “forensic tale”, as she herself proclaims, and it really hooked me. I have loved it since. This show has a good sense of humor, and it's nice to see such a good show. The cast is excellent in the quality of their characters, and I would not want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with this show, “Pushing Daisies” centers around a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace, who discovered a special gift in childhood: he could return dead to life with the touch of a finger. At first he did it with his dog Digby. However, there is one catch: if he supports a dead person for more than one minute, someone else dies. He found out about it when his mother brought back to life of his childhood fell in love with Ned’s mother’s place, another catch — if he touched a person again, he’d Va will die, but this time forever. He found out about it when his mother kissed him for the night. His father took him to a boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Nearly 20 years later, Ned owns a pie bakery cleverly called “Pie.” Ned's employee, Olive Snook (Christine Chenoweth), is in love with Ned, but Ned rejects her steps, trying not to approach anyone, learning from past experiences . Private detective Emerson Code (Chee McBride) discovered Ned's gift and decides to make him a murder disclosure partner. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when the minute comes, he touches them again, and they decide it. That's how they usually solve it. Throughout all the episodes, the killings have very interesting plots and correspond to what people least expect. <br /> <br /> Once Ned discovers that his next murder to be solved is his beloved baby Charlotte “Chuck” Charles (Anna Friel), He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. The funeral director, who stole jewelry from corpses, died in its place. When Emerson finds out, and when Chuck wants to help solve the killings, he disagrees a little - for a while we hear him call Chuck "The Dead Girl." All of this is kept secret from Olive, Chuck's aunts Vivian and Lily (Ellen Green and Suosi Kurtz, respectively) and all the others on this subject, in case anyone knows her by obituaries, news, etc. previously synchronized swimmers, have not left the house for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck begin to love each other, although they can no longer touch each other. <br /> <br /> This is a fun show, with amazing characters, great plot twists and definitely uplifting. I hope this is not canceled in 13 episodes.
