This show was highly appreciated by critics and those who realized that the similarity between the style of "Pushing Daisies" and someone else was not theft. (Yes, I saw “Amelia.” “Pushing Daisies” is somewhat similar, but still quite different to be original.) Most likely, there are too few shows on television that have such an unusual charm. The biggest resemblance to “Dead Like Me”, but “P.D” honestly follows this similarity: Brian Fuller created both shows. (For example, in both performances a young woman “undead” participates.) This show has never ceased to be funny and charming, it was always strange, but at the same time invariably humane. <br /> <br /> I have to say a few words about the agreement on the ongoing storylines. some people complained that there was no moral center in this show, because in the first (and several subsequent) episodes Ned seems to get away with, causing the death of Chuck's father without any consequences. First of all, it should be a new definition of “without any consequences” because, despite the fact that Ned was just a boy and did not understand that he caused the death of Chuck’s father, he nevertheless felt guilty about at that moment when he realized what he had done. Further, about a dozen episodes in the series, Ned finally admitted to Chuck that he had caused her father to die with his gift. Now there is no police who would accuse people of the fact that they magically caused the death of one person, bringing another person back to life, therefore the issues of liberation and restitution should be resolved without public leadership. In other words, it is between Ned and Chuck, who was not inclined to forgive Ned anytime soon. <br /> <br /> But this indicates a problem with the continuation of storylines in network dramas. I remember when David Caruso's character in NYPD Blue did something wrong, and it seemed that he was getting away with it - for a whole year - then he was caught and forced to leave work (and leave the show). The fact is that viewers should learn by now and not assume that just because an ordinary character does something wrong in one episode and does not fall into this episode, he got away with it. There is always next week - and maybe even next year.
