“Pushing Daisies” is one of the best TV shows in its genre in the last 5 years, whether you agree with this or not. Brian Fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative mind. He is behind other great TV shows, such as Dead Like Me (2003), Wonderfalls (2004), and another not as great as these, but also interesting Heroes (2006). This is a mixture of wonderful worlds created by Brian Fuller in previous television shows, again mixing the wonderful world of fantasy with real people disguised in colorful images and exaggerated feelings, which is always a fairy tale. Thus, as a kind of fairy tale, you cannot expect anything more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or also situations that are expected, but not in the usual way. <br /> <br /> A gift always comes with a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. This is so, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, a simple guy with an interesting gift, different from being an amazing chef: he can give life to the dead with one touch. It could be a force that everyone could die or survive if it were not for the other simple and very sad thing: he can also give forever dead if he touches it again. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop at what has been achieved ... everything has compensation, and if he brings something to life for more than one minute, another kind of this person will die instantly. He is a guy full of unfortunate events in life in such a way that he grew up selflessly, always afraid to touch everything and lose once more what he once loved. Until that day, he could finally be close to his biggest childish love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if not for another sad fact: she was dead. He gave her life again, and she loves him as much as he does, but this love is untouchable. This kiss of death. And this is how this beautiful modern fairy tale begins. <br /> <br /> When I first heard about Pushing Daisies, she was promoted as something very familiar (or maybe some tribute) to all that Tim Burton has. created from the days of “The Big Adventure of Pee-Wee” (1985), “Big Fish” (2003) and “Factory Charlie and Cholate” (2005). The results could not be better. The world around the cake was great. Stories about Ned and Detective Codes (Chi McBride) about uncovering unsolved crimes can be very common in television, but this is just a way to tell people about amazing stories surrounding characters like Chuck and Olive (Christine Chenovet) in an amazing, full of peace. beautiful and dreamy images that you can almost feel the taste of flowers. Moreover, you are united in a group of amazing and charismatic gentle characters, even those who have the deepest dark humor. <br /> <br /> Forgetting the trivial concept of murder and unsolved crimes, the show becomes brighter in many other things. The actors are here on top of the spotlight. Lee Pace is gentle, soft and discreet, as required by the character. Anna Friel - the muse of the series, what should be her character. But the most magnificent times always occur with such actors as Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Code), Suosi Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Green (like Vivian Charles) and Christine Chenoweth (like Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines, performing such a dried-up character, drowned in an impossible dark humor that can frighten a clown, she probably has the best dialogues, and her expressions and body languages ​​fascinate. But if the best dialogues are given by Swiezy and her character, then the best funny moments are given by Kristin Chenoweth. It seems that she improvises all the time, she is so natural that every single scene is a show aside. Christine shines so brightly on the show that winning the Emmys in 2009 for her role in the show was completely fair and deserved. In addition, there is chemistry between the actors and their characters, which is also amazing. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what this series really is and how it should have been. For those who consider this show a waste of time or declare that it sees no meaning in it, you probably need to open your minds and return at a time that they probably never had: childhood. <br /> <br /> Truth be told ... television has never been so brave on a television show, as with this amazing one. "Pushing Daisies" was a huge step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment, and his sudden death was very disrespectful. It is true that television does not respect the great TV shows, like those created by Brian Fuller, except for “Heroes”, which are still on the air and are not as amazing as others.
