After reading two or three negative reviews on the IMDb homepage for “Pushing Daisies” and just a few minutes ago when I finished viewing the final episode, I thought it was time to say what I think about PD. <br /> <First, consider some of the problems I’ve seen with other people on this show: something like, “I expect people who have been woken up by the dead to have a more realistic response.” Realistic on this show? Pushing Daisies is truly pure and complete escapism. This is a color palette, used dialogue, scenarios, situations, music: all this, for me, is just an escape from everyday life. Escape from the ordinary and boring. It is here that “Pushing Daisies” is exceeding exceptionally well. “Pushing Daisies” is not for everyone: the vast majority of television audiences do not “understand” this, for some it’s just too stupid. But for people like me, even from the very first episode that I watched it (“Frescos” of the 2nd season), and the show just shook me. Since then, I bought both boxes, and they barely got out of my DVD player. Other people I know can't stand it, it really looks like Marmite. <br /> <br /> The show follows the adventures of Ned, Piedmaker, with a magic finger that returns childhood beloved Charlotte Charles, works in collaboration with private detective Emerson Code, owns the cake and hires a waitress Oliva Snook. The leading roles are Aunt Lily and Vivian, whom Charlotte (Chuck) can never see. They live in a fantasy world where the dead come back to life, everything is shown with a surprisingly bright splash of color and narrated by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> In addition to the basics of the show, I really can't praise him much more without saying: just watch. Although the strike was triggered by the Writers Guild of America strike, when only 22 episodes were made, it gives remarkable plot twists, storylines, characters and situations, providing (for me) a satisfactory ending (yes, I can say that I was caught at the end and rushed, but I was still pleased with how everything turned out). Whether it is creative or simply pretentious, for many people (including me) it made the most exciting and wonderful viewing, and I hope for the future of television that more shows like this are created, so I don’t have only 22 40 minutes of memories what can be real entertainment.
