The young Dr. Fenshou (Mark Leteren), an avid archeologist, is sent by his museum director to Squire Richards' large country house (Pip Torrens), where his task is to find the origin and catalog the collection of antiquities and curious things belonging to the recently deceased Squire's father. Squire is surprised by the arrival of Fanshaw, he did not expect him for another week, but nevertheless welcomes him and makes his only servant, Patten (David Burke ... Dr. Watson’s fame) show him in his room as Fanshawe should stay for a few days to complete your rather large task. It would seem that Patten is not the friendliest person, and seems to be offended by the extra work that Fenshow’s visit would entail, a large empty house providing him with an infinite amount of cooking, cleaning and care. Fanshawe is a fussy type, very neat and precise with everything that has his place, whether his clothes or his books and papers, and he is rather disgusted with the dirt in his room. It goes without saying that he is more likely to start his work, but unpacking things, he discovers that his binoculars were damaged during transportation, so he asks Squire to replace the pair, Squire, who is a modern-minded person, but he also looks quite uncultured with such things also seek to get rid of the mess around the house, so he commits and leads Fanshawe to the top of the hill so that he can explore the estate and the surrounding villages, where Squire directs him to the sights, including Gallows Hill, de locals were hanged for their crimes and misdemeanors, his interest is also caused by the local abbey, which Squire describes as ruins, but Fenshow can see through binoculars that this is clearly not the case, he investigates further and pays a visit to the abbey site and is shocked to to find that there are only a few stone remains? Fanshou has not so much time to think about this puzzle, when darkness comes, he feels that he is being watched, he feels a presence, he begins to see moving shadows in the forest, he runs home fearfully. At dinner, he conveys the details of his heartbreaking day to Squire, Patten overhears the story and offers an explanation for this ... Binoculars! Previously, they belonged to a local man named Baxter, who, it would seem, had been collected bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, and they boiled him for some notion. One night, Baxter mysteriously disappeared, the late Squire purchased his belongings, including a mask made from the skull and some old etchings from the area. These engravings fascinate Fenshaw when they depict the abbey that he saw through binoculars, but he learns that the abbey was destroyed during the reign of Henry VII, and therefore Baxter will not be able to draw sketches, nevertheless they are signed and dated by Baxter's recent past, therefore he concludes that binoculars are particularly powerful. That night he had terribly vivid dreams, when he woke up, he went through binoculars to take a closer look at the abbey through them, which, in his opinion, surprises him, but does he endanger himself? Fanshawe finally falls into the trap of his dangerous obsession, when darkness falls Squire and the search party sets off in search of the missing archaeologist, dozens of loudly crows circling above the gallows warn them. They accelerate their speed, but will they help in time or save Fenshaw from their fate? The Ghost Story for Christmas series, filmed by the BBC, sadly ended its first series of Ice House films in 1978, mainly based on the work of the great MR R. James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was restored for a short time, and, fortunately, View from the Hill also marked a return to the work of James, whose phantom works were pursued by many generations of readers. Directed by Luke Watson, being a newcomer to the series, may have worried fans of old films, but he returns to the period that later films abandoned, which immediately sets the tone for the great Ghost story, its direction is guaranteed, as it remains true The mood of the masters works and gradually accumulates the fear factor to a terrifying climax, while minimizing what the viewer sees, thereby increasing tension and mystery. Autumn countryside creates a mass of atmosphere, falling leaves and low sun create an alarming backdrop for sinister events. All the actors you need to say are great and well played in their roles. The idea behind binoculars is simple but very effective: using a human-created object to observe supernatural creatures and events that cannot be seen with the naked eye may have even influenced Alex de la Iglesia in his film “La Del Nino's Dimensions” ( 2006) the next year, with which he has a striking similarity. I heard mixed reviews of this particular film, but I have to say that I always found it intriguing, and he even picked up a few hairs on my head and started a little, which seems to me not so much in our day any negative with the film, can only be attributed to his rhythm, which, in my opinion, is perfect, but for the modern audience it will seem deadly slow. Even for a short 40-minute period, a lot of time is devoted to character development and plot expansion, and I must say that this is my new favorite and, of course, one of the best films of the decade.
