In 2005, at least 3 films were filmed of H.G. Wells’s great novel War of the Worlds. This is perhaps the least known and probably the best of them. No other version of WotW has ever tried to not only present the story as Wells wrote, but also to create the atmosphere of the time in which it was to take place: the last year of the 19th century, 1900. using the original Wells setting, in and near Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems unfriendly to what they consider "spoilers." This may apply to some films, where the ending may come as a surprise, but for one of the most famous novels in the world, it looks silly. I have no sympathy for people who have neglected reading one of the fundamental works in English literature, so let's get straight to this pursuit. Aliens are destroyed by infecting an earthly disease against which they are not immune. If it is a spoiler, so be it; after the book and 3 other films (including the classics of 1953) you should know how this ends. <br /> <br /> This film, which follows Wells’s story basically, is also very cleverly presented ?? thus, it may alienate many viewers due to their ignorance of photographs from the late XIX - early XX century. Although the film is shot in a widescreen aspect, the film goes to great lengths to create the impression of modernity. The overall coloring of leather and clothing has a sepia tint, often found in old photographs (and not on black). Colors often resemble manual toning. In other cases, colors are blurred. These variations are typical for early films that did not use standardized celluloid material, and therefore there were quite a few changes in print quality, even the transition from black / white to sepia / from white to blue / white to reddish / white, etc. as you will see here sometimes. Special effects are deliberately retrograde, even in the 1920s. and yet the Martians and their machines are very similar to the way Wells described them, and have a more realistic "feel." Are some of the effects really clumsy? such as the destruction of Big Ben. Acting is often more in the style of that period than ours. Some aspects of a Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of lipstick or a diamond on the head and facial hair. <br /> <br /> This film is the only one that follows with some closeness to the original narration of Wells. as already noted. Viewers can be useful to know the details of the plot, which sometimes appear in other versions of the plot. Wells, the description of the Martians ?? a giant head mounted on numerous tentacles is effectively depicted. When the Martian machines appear in about an hour, they also give a good idea of ​​how Wells described them. Both Wells and this film do an excellent job of depicting the progress of the Martians from a limited point of view (above all) of rural England. plus several scenes in London (with the participation of the brother of the narrator). The director can not refrain from showing the destruction of a large landmark (Big Ben), but at least not too obsessive about the destruction of London. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is not a surprise, despite the destruction of some of their cars with guns. The narrator, traveling in search of salvation, sees much of what Wells calls "the rout of Humanity." He meets the vicar, endowed with a Victorian disease too valuable and nervous personality. In the end, they find themselves at the very edge of the Martian nest, where they discover a terrible fact: the Martians turn out to be vampires who absorb their prey alive in a very effective scene. Wells adds that after the meal, they made a "long and cheerful hum." Does the narrator finally have to defeat the senseless more and more hysterical vicar ?? which is being revived just as the Martians pull him to the pantry (hooray from the gallery; British curators are so often completely unbearable). <br /> <br /> This film lasts almost 3 hours, flipping through the story of Wells with pleasant details. Is it time for the author to get his due ?? in a compelling presentation that creates dramatic influence. A few words about the acting game: do not wait for the prize performances. They are not bad, however, the actors are serious, and they grow on you. Most of them, however, had very short cinematic careers, often only in this film. The narrator plays the wild Anthony Piana in his second film. Curated by John Kaufman? also in his second film as an actor, but who had more experience directing. Brother (“Henderson”) plays with some conviction W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. The Gunner, the only other significant role played by James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is a generally great film, first depicting the War of the Worlds, as Wells wrote. Despite the small flaws, it is much better than any of its bloated competitors. If you want to see the war of the worlds of G. G. Wells ?? and not some kind of completely distorted version of it ?? watch this movie!
