Imagine that you can get everything you want, go anywhere, be what you have ever dreamed of becoming - only through thought. Now imagine that you are sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Are such strengths worth your soul? This dilemma appeared before captain Christopher Pike in The Cage, which became the legendary pilot series of the original Star Trek series. Recognized as “too cerebral” and “too cold” by NBC and rejected, the “Cage” was nevertheless the most ambitious and costly pilot ever made in the network’s history, and Jean Roddenberry did not want all these efforts and costs are wasted, and the result is a truly classic Star Trek episode, which embeds The Cell in a frame story that deepens and broadens the emotional and philosophical depth of this haunting story, a landmark in the history of television and really serious sci-fi stories ever made for a small screen ... Stellar Date 3012: USS Enterprise switches to Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock received an urgent message from the former Commander Enterprise. Surprisingly, in the end, the message cannot be from Captain Pike, since he is now confined to a wheelchair, silent and badly disfigured after a tragic accident. Commander Kirk and Starbase Commander Mendez are trying to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before dealing with this issue, Spock, for reasons unknown so far, makes an act of open rebellion, kidnapping the helpless captain Pike and hijacking the Enterprise. with a brilliantly thought out and timely plan with a few Vulcan nerve shifts. Soon, the Enterprise is heading for the remote forbidden planet Talos IV. Mendez tells Kirk that Talos IV is banned, and that any contact with the planet by ships or Starfleet personnel entails an immediate death sentence, which means that Spock seems to deliberately destroy himself, as well as Kirk, given that the captain will be held accountable. for ship activity. Shocked, Kirk and Mendez pursue the shuttle, which in itself becomes dangerous when the Enterprise refuses to answer their calls or lift the ship until the strength and oxygen almost disappear. Spock - knowing that Kirk should be the one who follows the ship - of course, he is not able to betray the Captain on certain death. After ordering the ship to be found and the passengers aboard, Spock tells what he did to McCoy, and demands his arrest, after setting the starship on an irreversible course on Talos IV. After returning to command, Kirk demands an explanation, after which Spock demands an immediate military tribunal of the star fleet commanders of the tribunal, of which there are three men on board - Mendez, Kirk and the disabled cripple Captain Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of Starfleet rules allows him to manipulate the tribunal so that he can provide other unacceptable evidence. Spock presents a video of the only contact that ever existed between the Federation and the people of Talos IV - a trip that was undertaken 13 years ago by the Enterprise itself under the command of Pike. Kirk doubts the authenticity of the video due to its extreme detailing, but the reality of the depicted events is confirmed by Pike himself, who is tempting in Talos IV because of the distress signal from the alleged survivors in the Federation study. The ship that crashed there 18 years ago. Among the survivors - Wines, amazing beauty, born shortly before the disaster. Pike attracts the girl and allows her to lure him to an isolated place, after which he is captured by the Talosians, a race of androgynous humanoids with a tremendous cranial ability and ability to turn thoughts into virtual reality. After the capture of Pike, the rest of the "survivors" disappear, since none of them really existed except Guilt. The episode ends when the tribunal finds out that Spock's “evidence” is in fact being transferred to the Enterprise directly from Talos IV, in violation of Starfleet rules. Starfleet orders to immediately cease the transfer, and we are wondering what will happen next ... To be continued in the review of the Menagerie: Part II!
