It is well known that when Gene Roddenberry first introduced Star Trek to NBC, the initial pilot episode of The Cage was rejected for being “too cerebral.” When the show was given another chance, Roddenberry thought it would be fun to set the events of the rejected episode as a canon, and did this by writing "Menagerie", which has a unique difference - a continuation of what was at that time. episode that was not shown on the air. <br /> <br /> This time Kirk and his team, instead of exploring a new planet, are at Starbase 11, visiting the former Commander Enterprise, Christopher Pike (Sean Kenny), is now terribly disfigured and paralyzed because an accident. Pike joins his successor on a spacecraft, where an unpleasant surprise awaits him: Spock, who served under Pike, effectively hijacked the ship and set a course for Talos IV, a planet that is prohibited (punishment is death), since Pike and Spock's last visit , 13 years ago. Naturally, being a logical being, Spock surrenders himself and arranges a military tribunal to justify his actions. <br /> <br /> There’s no need to talk about the plot anymore, as the rest will be played in Part 2. What is really impressive is how Roddenberry creates the connection between The Cage and the rest of the Star Trek universe, coming up with a special type of memory (say, more will be too much), which allows everyone on the screen and outside it. To see what might have been in Trek, if NBC had not abandoned the original draft. In particular, it is amusing to see that Jeffrey Hunter (who could not return to the Menagerie) is played by Pike as a more serious captain than usual Kirk, and the first days of Nimoy as Spock, whose personality is not fully established: this is the only time series, when the beloved Vulcan spontaneously grins at everyone. <br /> <br /> In short, this is not just a great “mysterious” episode, but also a treat for those who cannot be bothered by the search for the Cell. in its original form (it is available as part of the 3 season kit).
