In the zoo of the first and second parts of the zoo there were only two participants during the three-year cycle of the original Trek series, and this was due to the fact that Roddenberry was able to insert most of the material from the first pilot "The Cage". This step was made from the necessity to deal with deadline problems in the production of episodes (such an SF show in the 1960s was a problem to be made on time). One of the positive results at the time was that the audience, unaware of the pilot, released almost a couple of years ago, viewed the whole team and captain for these two episodes over the usual set of characters, as if the producers spent twice as much. money for these episodes to represent a television epic spanning a dozen years of Starfleet history (although they still used terms like the United Space Fleet in these early episodes). <br /> <br /> The reverse story begins as a plot of the mystery of the cosmos: The Enterprise is redirected to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons, and very soon Spock becomes a suspect in these frauds. Surprisingly, although McCoy acknowledges the fact that Spock's Vulcan legacy makes it impossible for him to take a trick, it turns out that Spock is really playing a rebellious plan for our precious star ship in Shanghai and kidnaps his former captain Pike, now terribly mutilated. Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or is he just crazy? Quite possibly because he is sending the Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet so forbidden that it is the subject of the only known death penalty in Starfleet books. When the jig ends, a wonderful scene appears when Spock surrenders to the astonished McCoy, and Uhura looks shocked. Even Kirk, usually not inferior to the captain, does not know what to do with the illogical behavior of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the 3rd and last acts we begin to see the images of the Enterprise mission transmitted 13 years ago, when Captain Pike commanded, and Spock was one of his officers. We really do not know where all this is happening and what Spock hopes to achieve - and this is another thing that makes this very good 2-element - we really need to figure out what is being said in the 2nd part. Spock not only faces serious penalties, but it seems that Kirk’s career may also be over. Double danger guys. This is also the first television episode with the participation of one of these shuttles (none of them was available in the early Enemy Inside, when crafts were really needed). There is also one of those neat matte paintings that convey the atmosphere of a futuristic star base - then it was the only way to visualize such things. Finally, check out Kirk's smug approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, do something with him aside, as the plot progresses.
