You should not take what I am going to say lightly. I have seen many, many films and watched a lot of them in print. So when I tell you that this movie is the funniest scene I've ever seen in a movie, you might want to listen to me. There are many different opinions about what makes this incredibly stupid film as funny as he is. And for those who just did not get, well, I can't blame them too much. The scene I am talking about takes place in about 30 minutes and includes a dead convict chained to John Candy. Up to this point I found the film dull, confused, and he was starting to lose me. When this scene appeared, I laughed so hard that I peed in my pants. No film has ever done this for me before. When the project began, the movie Going Berserk was supposed to be SCTV. I remember what was announced. As time went on, the actors were cut to John Candy, Joe Flaherty and Eugene Levy. In Universal, there must also have been a regime change when it was filmed, because after being released it was shown in almost zero cinemas. When I watched it a second time, I listened to a thematic song (which actually shows how incomprehensible the plot is in the lyrics), relaxed my logical nerve and figured out what was going on. Besides the above mentioned routine, "Going Berserk" has many other fun scenes to recommend. This is almost 3 stacks, but much funnier. Director David Steinberg has a very tight time frame, and he must have been laughing all this time. As for Candy, who basically answers here, he was never funnier. With all the plot devices and explanatory scenes thrown out of the window, he is absolutely crazy. Flaherty and Levi follow him easily. There is a plot, but this plot, like in Animal House, was plot, and yes, the script is uneven and a bit slow to begin with. However, once you find out, you can appreciate the full madness in the style of SCTV. It's stupid, but purposely stupid, and you have to remember this when you see it. SEE it and find out for yourself if there is the funniest scene of all time in it.
