This is the short film "Casper, Friendly Ghost" from my childhood, and I watch it again on YouTube (thanks, GOD! For You Tube); after that, I love this short one, and this is one of my favorite Casper shorts. <br /> <br /> I like how short it starts with the ghost of Frank Gallop; until we see Casper sitting at his gravestone in the cemetery and reading. While every ghost was rising from the graves in order to “boo” people, Casper decides to leave in search of a friend. But trying to find a friend, everyone who sees Casper runs away. Poor Casper sat on a log and wept; until the little fox comes up to him. Casper and the little fox quickly communicate, and he quickly calls the calf Ferdy and considers him to be his best friend. <br /> <br /> However, the relations of Casper and Ferdi are in great danger when Casper does not closely monitor Ferdi while they play hide and seek. While Ferdy is hiding a hunter, two of his hunting dogs come and try to kill little Ferdy, and Ferdy runs as fast as possible, until he chokes and starts choking. While the hunter shoots a rifle in the direction of Ferdi Casper, he notices that he is trying to kill him, and flies in the direction of the hunter and begs for the hunter to leave Ferdi alone. Both the hunter and the dogs are horrified by Casper. Casper yells to Ferdy that the hunter and the dogs are gone and everything is in order. But Casper sees that Ferdi’s body does not move, and asks if he is alright. When Casper sees that Ferdy is dead, he begins to mourn the pain because he lost "the only friend he ever had in his life." Casper returns to the cemetery where he buried Ferdi and made a gravestone for him next to Casper's gravestone. Casper continues to mourn the pain until he sees that Ferdi himself has risen like a ghost. Ferdi begins to lick Casper on the cheek. Casper screams with joy because he is reunited with Ferdy. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a really good short; although surprisingly anxious, showing death in a family-oriented cartoon.
