Oh my God . Another example of "Oireland" and religion. Without a doubt, we will see some depressing nonsense, which includes "freedom fighters and macho" from the IRA. Well, that was my first reaction when the credits started, but just over an hour and a half later I was in shock. What a great movie. <br /> <br /> The story begins on the wedding day of Sean Clone and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem, as they marry in the Catholic Church, and this Sheila is a Protestant, but in order for the wedding to take place, Sheila undertakes that her children will be raised by Catholics and attend Catholic school when they are "sufficiently Old. The story - which unfolds in the 1950s - then jumps forward a few years when Clonie’s daughters are about to go to school, but Sheila decided they would attend a local Protestant school to the disgust of local priest Father Stafford. This is getting worse. <br /> <br /> Let me put my cards on the table and state that, despite the fact that I had an Irish Catholic and Scottish Protestant legacy, I was raised as an agnostic and considered myself an atheist throughout my adult life In fact, when it comes to religion, I consider myself a Marxist, and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people. DIVIDED LOVE shows what happens when self-appointed moral guardians commit themselves to telling other people what to think and believe. Can I say that if Karl Marx saw this film, he would love it and call it a masterpiece? Perhaps I should not do this, because the drama of this story shows what happens when other people think for you. <br /> <br /> In response to a couple of reviewers who claim that this film is the worst sort of propaganda that I think I do not claim to know the exact details of what happened in Wexford County, and it’s impossible to deny that Father Stafford and his flock of Catholic sheep are portrayed as bad guys, but Sheila herself is not perfect. Think of a woman living in a rural village in the 1950s in Ireland who is committed to raising her children as Catholics, and then changing her mind and thinking that this will not have consequences? This is a warning against making promises and not fulfilling them. Not only that, but she disappears to allow other people to collect shards of their shattered lives. There is also something that no one else has paid attention to, and this is that the only character with any type of moral sense is the former IRA man Andy Bailey, who showed courage not because he was a former IRA member (It changes. We are not talking here about the OWN DEVIL), but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself. <br /> <br /> “LOVE IS DIVIDED” is an excellent film that can say a lot for itself. with which I agree If there is any criticism, it’s what it looks like on TVM, not a cinematic film, but believe me, I can put up with it, and this is important for anyone who considers religion an opium for the masses.
