I never cease to be amazed and horrified by the evil that was predetermined in world history in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in Ireland in the twentieth century are at the top - given that the wisdom of history and modernity should have a sobering effect. <br /> <br /> Shared love is the story of a true family, stunned by ignorant intolerance and prejudice, in the name of insane church doctrine. At the beginning of the film we are offered a picture of the bucolic life in a small Irish village in which Sheila and Sean Cloni are happy in marriage with two small children. Sean is Catholic, and Sheila is Protestant, but she is not shy when their children are raised by Catholics. There are no signs of hostility between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peaceful and loving relationships soon collapse when Sheila expresses a desire for their eldest child to attend a Protestant school. The local priest undertakes to ban this “sin,” and soon Sheila’s husband and the entire Catholic population of the village rebelled against her, just like her father, a local milkman. In an act of defiance and despair, Sheila kidnaps her two daughters and flees the area. <br /> <br /> Particular attention should be paid to Eagle Brady, who plays Sheila. She gives an extremely powerful idea in which the viewer is drawn into an emotional trauma in which she decides to reject the wishes of her husband, whom she deeply loves, to express her fervent desire to establish herself as independent of the pressure of the establishment. Along with Liam Cunningham, who plays Sean, because he gives a realistic portrait of a man who is not as complicated as his wife, torn between his love for her and the influence of the Church and society. <br /> <br /> If fiction, this film would be an irresistible and interesting drama. Given that this is true, it turns into a terrible tragedy. In real life, people and the village never recovered from the events that took place there. It took the church half a century to recognize its negative role in these events, and although Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the area, they could not fully recover from what their religious leaders and their fellow villagers did to them. . <br /> <br /> Whether it is the denial of basic educational rights by choice, crashing planes into buildings, subjugating women, denouncing entire races, or just simply using torture and murder, we, people, can certainly use religion as a powerful negative force in our society.
