This would have required Shakespeare's beauty and eloquence to do justice to this outstanding cinematic feat. However, I will try. <br /> <br /> As regards the adaptation of Hamlet, it is already in a better starting point than all the other versions, since it covers the whole game. However, this is not a guarantee of a first-class film or even a good one. Usually I don’t really like movies that are too long, and the trend that seems to prevail in Hollywood today, namely that films should last at least two hours, preferably three, is one that I hope will not last long. Some stories are strong enough to withstand such extensive research and could be made with some cuts. Making a four-hour movie and making it interesting is not an easy thing, but Kenneth Branagh does it with bright colors. He managed to make a very long film no more than an ordinary film. I was completely absorbed from start to finish. <br /> <br /> The cast is great when Kenneth Branagh himself is an exhausted prince, demonstrating a strong and memorable game. He manages to convey his feelings superbly through his voice, and one does not need to be an expert on Shakespeare's verse to catch the myriad of emotions that occur within him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what to expect in reality. I always loved her well enough as an actor, but I wasn't sure that she would be able to play Shakespeare. Well, she definitely cleared all doubts with her performance. She is the best Ophelia I have ever seen, and she gave such depth to character, and it was just wonderful. Other brilliant performances are Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers in the role of Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio. I liked the fact that Brana used some of the world famous stars to play in some minor roles; I especially liked the sparring between Hamlet and the gravedigger, played by Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> A scene from a 19th century performance brings a welcome change of usually gloomy gothic settings. In general, it is much easier than other versions that I have seen, more colorful and luxurious, but this does not distract from the tragedy of the play. It is exceptional, stylish and aesthetically pleasing, a definite delight for the eyes and other senses. The music of Patrick Doyle is as always magical and fully in harmony with the film. The feeling of deep satisfaction can only be seen. I am shocked and shocked that this elegant work of art did not receive the Academy Award for the best picture, especially since it was not even nominated. There was no better film made this year or in any other year. This is as close to perfection as you can hope to get. <br /> <br /> To summarize, the work of a pure genius is amazing, and I cannot understand how anyone can achieve this. My hat is in front of you, Mr. Brana.
