William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his play. This is not only the best version of the film, but also the only full version of Hamlet. Hamlet Kenneth Brana is just a genius. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because he had the courage to do it all, even if it took a little more than four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his conspiracy to avenge the death of his father, so I will not go into the details of the story. I will, however, tell you that the best part of this version of Hamlet is not breathtaking scenes or a terrific photo, but an interpretation by the actors of each character. I doubt that you will find a better Polonius than the adorable image of Richard Biers. In addition, you can not go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. In addition, Derek Jacobi, a regular participant in the adaptations of Shakespeare, is great as Hamlet’s opponent. <br /> <br /> Of course, we have to talk about Kenneth Branah. He hit the audience when he came out on stage with his first appearance with Shakespeare Henry V. He surpasses himself with Hamlet. Of course, Olivier’s presence was exciting, but I think Brana's game is beautiful. When you look at him on the screen, he seems to know exactly how Shakespeare wanted this role to play. How he was not nominated for an Oscar is a complete mystery. At least, the film received several nominations and even a strange choice for the script. I think they know good writing when they see it yet. <br /> <br /> In general, you will never find a richer and more generous production of the best Bard play. To say that the technical aspects were amazing would be an understatement. If you love this play and are a fan of Shakespeare, you definitely need to watch this movie. Even if you don't really care about Shakespeare, the visual effects will keep you occupied throughout the entire movie. You may not think you can see it all at once, but soon you will find that pausing this film will make you want to see it even more.
