Many people don’t think that Hamlet Brann’s movie is very good, but I have to admit that it’s great. Like almost every play of Shakespeare, he has problems, and he had to make difficult choices, and not all of them succeed. For example, “secret doors everywhere” simply do not work. This element never reaches the ominous feeling of metaphor or analogy to which he aspires, which leads to the fact that the play becomes too tasteless and loses its corporate meaning in the form of an impending thousand riddles. This is the biggest problem with this production. And although it is an important person, I also tend to say that this is the only problem. Almost everything else is absolutely beautiful. Good, so Brana is too small for the main role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a bit forced. And he becomes too hysterical at times. But that's all. No other complaints. Even with these shortcomings, I think that this version is original, and if it is not as dramatic as it should be, then in any case it is a literary work, which it should be. We get the full text of the longest version of the play, innovatively and expensively displayed on the screen, mainly set out in perfect, modern and very clear voices - even if they sometimes speak too quickly to complete a massive text. But on Shakespeare’s stage, it’s just impossible to speak slowly enough so that the audience truly appreciates the depth of the language. For this you need to understand the printed versions of the plays. <br /> <br /> All the actors of this version are just fascinating, completely and instantly classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best, and even American actors are striking, especially. Charlton Heston as Player King - who would have thought ?! (There is a story that Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when the critic in the first row could not stand Hammie’s actions and said loudly, "This is terrible!", Heston reportedly parried straight off the stage: "Well, I don’t wrote this nonsense! "Of course, this cannot be true, but this is a funny story - and if this is true, a bold and ironic choice for Bran to include Heston here.) Robin Williams in the role of" Young Osrik "- this may not be young enough for this role, but he makes her funny, which is justified. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a very well thought out version, with most of the key scenes, in my opinion, extremely memorable. Of course, I watched this film at that moment when Shakespeare interested me (and at about the same time as in Lourman's Romeo + Juliet), and he made a huge impression on me, which should explain my love for him <. br /> <br /> In view of the above, I must declare Hamlet Branagah my favorite, with the 1980 BBC version of Derek Jacobi. I probably like Branakh's Shakespeare work most of all because I find him an experienced translator and propagandist, with an attractive casual attitude to words and a deep, adequate and unhesitant enthusiastic appreciation of the text. In the world of acting Shakespeare's art, the two brightest luminaries remain Olivier and Brana, and although Olivier is the best actor, Brana knocks Shakespeare off the pedestal of snobbery and invention and turns him into a coarse, frivolous, populist worldly being, at the same time putting his dignity at risk. Brana, I believe, reveals a more truthful Shakespeare than the world has ever seen. <br /> <br /> And so, 10 out of 10 for an absolutely amazing Hamlet.
