When I first read Hamlet, I could not help but think about ending RESPONSIBLE LUCK, where Bette Midler puts on a play because of how indecisive he is and says, "Give me Romeo any day." Five actions of a man trying to decide whether to kill his uncle or not? It seemed to me unnecessary. But after further reading I grew up to really appreciate the game. I’ve seen versions of the Olivier and Gibson films (and part of Nicolas Williamson’s version), and they all take their model from Olivier; melancholic dane. At the very least, Olivier did it without indulging himself, but Gibson and, from what I saw, Williamson, looked like they went to “Look, mom, I play! I play! ”School. <br /> <br /> Now here's the Kenneth Brande version, which takes your breath from start to finish. He finished second in the top ten of 1996 (for the ENGLISH PATIENT and ahead of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS AND FALSE, EACH SAY, THAT I LOVE YOU, MORE REAL ESTATE, GREAT NOVA, and I’m like you, I’m going to be more comfortable, and I’m going to figure out the same words, I’m going to figure out more, and I’m going to see the same words, and I’m going to figure out who's more, I’m going to see the same words, and I’m going to figure out the same words, and I’m going to be more comfortable, and I’m going to see the same words, and I’m going to be more comfortable, and I’m going to be more comfortable, and I’m going to see the same words, and I’m going to be more comfortable, and I’m going to see the same words, and I’m going to see the same words, and I’m going to figure out the same words, and I’m going to be more comfortable, and I’m going to be in the middle of it, and I’m loving the more real, more real, and the same and perhaps the best Shakespeare shot on film. Obviously, the talent of Branah as a director in that he made a full-length version printed in 70 mm and didn’t lose our interest for four hours is great, but what seems to be overlooked in the discussions about this film is his starring role, It was my favorite performance of the year to date. Brana avoids the melodrama that actors seem to fall into, playing Hamlet as a normal, ordinary person, and makes us understand his actions and feelings at every step of the way. And unlike Olivier, who was largely dependent on his voice, Brana uses his whole body to demonstrate the range of emotions through which Hamlet passes, but since he plays him as usual, none of this is like chewing decorations. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also top notch. I did not even object to Jack Lemmon, although I agree that he was the weakest member of the film crew. The most amazing twist came from Charlton Heston; I always considered him tough as a board, but he is quite commanding as King of the Player. Another big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I would find him wrong as the 1st Gravedigger, but he was his usual funny character, being in character. In general, a great movie!
