It was the second of two Hamlets shot in the nineties, the first of which was Franco Zeffirelli, with Mel Gibson in the lead role in 1990. Zeffirelli’s version, like Lawrence Olivier’s version of 1948, was based on an abbreviated version of the play, with most of Shakespeare’s work. The original text is shortened. (I’ve never seen Tony Richardson’s 1969 version, but since it lasted less than two hours, even shorter than Zeffirelli’s, I guess it was also shortened). Kenneth Branagh tried to do something much more ambitious - a film based on the full text of the play, lasting about four hours. <br /> <br /> With his "Henry V" Brana claimed the crown of Olivier as Shakespeare, the leading cinema, confirms his statement with his brilliant Much Ado About Nothing, a rare example of a magnificent film based on Shakespeare's comedy. Hamlet was his third Shakespeare film as a director (he also starred as Yago in Otello Oliver Parker 1995), and, as one would expect, he is very different from Much Noise. The previous film, filmed in a villa in the hills of Tuscany and in beautiful countryside, is a fun summer movie about everything that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> “Hamlet”, on the contrary, is set in the depths of winter. (The flowers in the description of the death of Ophelia suggest that Shakespeare himself thought about what was happening in the summer). The appearance of the film is especially striking, both luxurious and cool. It was filmed at Blenheim Palace, perhaps the grandest stately home of England, but also rather forbidden. The snowy outdoor scenes are cold and winter; the interior is formal and thoughtful. The action is updated until the middle of the nineteenth century; female characters wear the sophisticated fashion of that era, while the main male ones generally wear a magnificent military uniform. (Here, there is a contrast with the film Zeffirelli, where both the interior and the costumes were intentionally subjugated to the tone). The play is dominated by images of corruption and corruption; Bran's intention, perhaps, was to contrast the gorgeous surface with the main "something rotten in the state of Denmark." <br /> <br /> The film is known for a large number of famous actors, some of which are very minor roles. (Blinks, and you can skip John Guildoood or Judi Dench). Apparently, the production company demanded a cast with stars who were worried about the four-hour film. Some of the imported Hollywood stars, such as Osric Robin Williams, were not actually filmed, but others, such as Charlton Heston's King-player or Billy Crystal, the first gravedigger, played their part very well. Yorick, who is usually seen only as a skull, can be seen here in the memoirs played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays funny characters, confronts a type like Ghost and makes scenes in which he looks really frightening. <br /> <br /> Of the main characters, Ophelia Kate Winslet was perhaps the weakest. The main lady Brana in his first two films about Shakespeare was his then-wife Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I still wanted Thompson to play in this role; although Winslet came to herself in Ophelia's crazy scenes, she seemed weak in earlier ones, where her character is still normal. (I preferred Helena Bonham Carter as Zeffirelli). Richard Briers plays Polonia with more dignity than he is often given, a wise and experienced adviser, and not an annoying old fool. Julie Christie also brings dignity to the role of Gertrude; there is no attempt, as was the case with Gibson and Glenn Close, in Zeffirelli's version, to suggest an incestuous attachment between her and Hamlet. (An interpretation that owes Freud more than Shakespeare). The difference in age between Christie and Branah is big enough to be believable as mother and son, which of course was not the case with Close and Gibson. (Gertrude Olivier, Eileen Hurley, was bizarrely thirteen years younger than him). <br /> <br /> Brana said that his intention to restore those scenes that are often cut in cinematographic versions was to “reinforce the idea that the game is about national as well as internal tragedy.” the war with Norway and the Norwegian prince Fortinbras, a subplot completely ignored by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on national tragedy may be best manifested in the character of Claudius, sometimes played as a one-dimensional villain. o Claudius could be a good man under other circumstances, but that he allowed himself to go astray with ambition and lust.He could be a good and faithful servant of his brother, but decided to rule as a bad king. Despite the fact that he was tormented by a sense of guilt he does not see an opportunity to correct the evil he has experienced. <br /> <br /> Brana, who is fluent in Shakespeare's poems, plays an excellent role in the main role. This is an active, physical, energetic Hamlet, which is best shown in his fatal duel with Laertes. His guiding principle is not despair, tired of the world, but active aversion to evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> For Branah it was risky to make a four-hour epic, and the film did not succeed at the Box Office. This was, however, highly praised by many critics, and James Berardinelli was particularly enthusiastic. My own opinion is that, whatever the financial income, the game of Branagah paid off in artistic terms. By focusing on the full text, he was able to uncover all the meaning and all the emotional power of the most complex play of Shakespeare. When I watched his “Much Noise”, I said that this is the best film from Shakespeare's comedies. His Hamlet may simply be the greatest film about the Shakespearean tragedy. 10/10
