The great epic, a monumental show by Kenneth Bran, which is arguably the most popular tragedy of William Shakespeare, suffers from the severity of four hours of playing time and certainly requires some real stamina. Most likely, it would be better to hold two completely separate meetings to fully appreciate what is undoubtedly high-end film production. While I absolutely recognize this masterpiece as such, I must admit to the lack of enthusiasm for the brightness of the old bards, his rhetoric (and he feels so good) and his many flourishes. Thus, Hamlet loses its influence because it loses its power. <br /> <br /> From the music of Patrick Doyle to the cinematography of Alex Thomson and the refined scenery of Tim Harvey, the film is a celebration of visual and auditory pleasures that complements the wonderful cast. Brana took over three huge fireplaces, adapting, directing and playing. His adaptation is excellent, his leadership is strong, but by the time he got the role of Hamlet, the tension seemed to show; and yet he does an excellent job with a role that is incredibly complex. Derek Jacobi joyfully absorbs the sinister Claudius, and Julie Christie is the most dramatic, like his Queen Gertrude. Richard Brier is amazing as Polonius, and Charlton Heston again has a strong influence on the screen as a player of the king. Many others come in, including Jack Lemmon (superb in a very small role), Billy Crystal, Dame Judy Dench, Sir John Mills, Sir John Gilgud, Sir Richard Attenborough and Gerard Depardieu. The acting prize, however, must go to one of the greatest discoveries in the field of art in recent years, Kate Winslet. Hers is a touching image of the most tragic figure in this whole affair, Ophelia. <br /> <br /> To finish (before this viewing lasts longer than the film), I must say that it is the length that the viewer actually checks in this film. Brana sent with a goal, giving a lot of important, spectacular scenes. Too many of them expect their hospitality. Watching this movie is a fantastic reminder of the many pearls of wisdom we received from it. “Neither the creditor, nor the borrower be” or “Be true to yourself.” And, of course: "To be or not to be." <br /> <br /> The first two hours require some perseverance, but if you manage to stay up to date, you will definitely get to the exciting final, which will gather momentum from the tragic funeral ahead. <br /> <br /> Monday, June 8, 1998 - Hoyts Croydon
