The idea that film studios are guided by financial considerations, rather than creatively, is not without truth (in fact, this is more true than false). In this regard, the question arises why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Bran to create a full-sized uncut version of Hamlet with its full creative control, including. Of course, Brana had to agree to some concessions (the star cast and the 2.5-hour version for a wider release), but why did the studio allow Branach to spend money on the 4-hour version, which, as they knew, few would see? Could they, at least in this case, have enough respect for Bran’s material and vision to create something for a few people? This is not a question that I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a great vision for those who wish to spend four hours watching Hamlet. Everyone knows the story, so I will not spend much time on it. However, unlike other productions of the play, including the stage, it is a completely uncut performance, which has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never imagined that the play would be directing, leaving the decision on what to include at the discretion of the director. At the same time, I have no doubt that if he could see this, the Bard would have been delighted with the production of Bran. <br /> <br /> The film is very popular among movie stars, although most of them are few pieces. Everyone plays their part equally well. I would think that Brana is too old to play the role of Hamlet, and although he may still be, his performance more than compensates for this. Hamlet is a difficult part, reflecting all the emotions from grief to anger, happiness to madness and everything in between. Brana nailed it. Derek Jacobi is amazing how treacherous Claudius, whose deceit and treachery set all these things in motion; his unique voice is perfect for this role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, the caring mother of Hamlet, who does not understand what is happening until the late stage of the game. <br /> <br /> Classic actors are played in pieces (Judi Dench for all 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, nobody takes it to heart; everyone gives all his own, and it shows. Special mention should be made of Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a little too stupid, but he is not bad (his part is quite small anyway). <br /> <br /> However, this is undoubtedly Bran's show. He adapted one of the most famous plays in history, and in doing so he took on the whale of the project; It is impressive that he did it, but the fact that this film is a good one is a monumental achievement. What I really liked about this film is that you don’t need to be a Shakespeare scholar to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to digest, but Bran and his actors understand this. “Hamlet” is still very nice to just sit and listen to the actors, give a brilliant dialogue and an excellent game. <br /> <br /> This is a must see for everyone. It may take four hours, but it is definitely worth it.
