First, what I did not like. The game was not quite at the level of Hamlet. Brana was really excessive, he cried a lot mostly. In my opinion, those actors who were not celebrities, as a rule, worked better; although I would, except Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston, too, but I was not sure that he was playing for being a hack.) Many of the ambiguities in the play were unequivocally eliminated in the memories. <br /> <br /> What I think speaks very much in favor of this play in that it is available. Shakespeare is hard to understand for the vast majority of people in our time; many people are not even inclined to try because of their reputation for serious literature and archaic English. If they see this film, they will at least understand the interpretation of the play by at least one person. They will see it more, as Shakespeare viewers saw: playing with sword fights and battles, with mighty kings and noblemen, murder and incest, evil plans and ghosts — and great art if someone wants to look for him, but most of Shakespeare’s days aren’t did as well as most people now. Revaluation of Bran and his imposition on the viewer of the interpretation of history may somewhat distract from the art of Shakespeare, but it is better that a modern audience get it, and not anything. <br /> <br /> I have to say one more thing though. Some people complain that "this happens in the 19th century, and this was not the time of Shakespeare." Well, in the days of Shakespeare, their costumes and decorations were the same as in their own days for all their plays. Shakespeare may have said that it was in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or something else, but he did not dress his characters like them, he used the costumes of his time. For the same reason, his plays are full of anachronisms. For example, King John and the French have guns - in the days of Robin Hood. In Julia Caesar, they talk about chimneys that will not be invented for another thousand years, and in Henry IV they talk about Machiavelli, who was not even born then. So I think this objection is stupid - you could also complain that the play is not in Danish (because they live in Denmark, isn’t it?).
