While still of school age and almost constantly studying Shakespeare for the past four years (which is very frustrating for any writer, no matter how good he is), I didn’t expect this film to like it when my English teacher put it on; I thought it would be a typical English lesson: bad game, badly filmed, poorly edited and terribly old dialogue, so that, as you can tell, I was almost ready to fall into a coma from the very beginning. However, I watched and, unfortunately, found that I was not only paying attention, but also enjoying the film. This performance of “Hamlet” is probably one of the best drama films I have seen in a long time, and it really brings to life that, as I expect, Shakespeare wanted his plays to be similar (well, with the difference that this movie) is much better than my English teacher, shaken over the text, perhaps could. The story is good, it seems that the dialogue proceeds with unexpected grace, which is far from boring (although it is difficult to keep up with it if you are not used to the language of Shakespeare), and even the smallest parts are performed with a skill that you don’t want to expect; mostly, perhaps because of the overwhelming number of cameos this film has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as big as you could expect these two veterans to be, even in such small parts, but this is really Robin Williams, as Osric, and Billy Crystal, as the Gravedigger, who really stand out, giving such insignificant parts unexpected zest, and also offers a bit of comic relief among the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars, of course, are also beautiful. Kenneth Brande surpasses Hamlet, bringing not only the confusion and pain needed for a roll, but also a kind of sardonic air that plays beautifully in comic scenes, making the film as a whole much more watchable. Other big players are good too, but it is Kenneth Branagh who stands head and shoulders above the rest in the lead role. <br /> <br /> Plots are also often staggering, giving refreshing changes to the dirty corridors of the old castle that we used to see in Shakespeare’s performances, as well as the real feeling of the country around them. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film, taken as a separate film, was not without flaws, but without significant ones (the only real problem I can think of is the storyboard, as well as prose for those who are not used to, as I said, to the Shakespearean language) and, especially, when compared to the Shakespearean productions that I used to see in the lessons, really brilliant. It even made me rethink my previous typical position of a teenager regarding Shakespeare, that his plays are boring (I came to the conclusion that they were not boring plays, but just teachers who read them in class). If they did all of his plays in films like this, the English language students in all schools might have a higher opinion of the bard. <br /> <br /> Overall 7/10
