What an ambitious project Kenneth Branagh undertook here and how well it was implemented! This is the first shot of Hamlet, which uses the full text of Shakespeare’s play, but Bran didn’t do this just because “he was there”. I believe that his intention was to make the play accessible and understandable to the general audience, not to mention it, so to speak. Instead, he asks the audience to do a little work on their own, a fairly fair proposal and an offer that is beneficial. <br /> <br /> The setting is typical of 19th century Europe, and it’s more than just a good job, it preserves a modern or ancient look, possibly distracting from the work itself. Serial design and cinema, as well as outstanding, which helps a lot when you watch a four-hour film. Casting Brana is again inspired, and acting is also. Direction solves the difficult task of creating this film, and not the luxurious version of the play. Since most of Hamlet is based on an internal monologue, and duels, battles, and so on. Relatively little, this can be a daunting task. But everything Brana is trying to do seems to work. <br /> <br /> Brana was always one of the most interesting actors / writers / directors, if not always the best, since he produced a great response from “Henry V.” 'The only thing I had with him was that I sometimes saw as a penchant for it. In his portrayal of Hamlet, he may again be blamed for this, but there is a method in the work. Let's face it, “Hamlet” is not an easy job for an average person to understand, and if someone has never seen it performed before, he or she needs help, even if they have read the play. Hamlet has the most lines of any Shakespearean character, and Brana is confident that his viewers know that this person thinks and feels throughout the entire film, even if you don’t know the literal meaning of each mysterious word. This performance Bran was at least worthy of an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> There are so many other outstanding speeches here that there are almost too many to mention, but some of them should be recognized. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is great, but even he fades into the background Kate Winslet when it comes to handing out praise. Her image of Ophelia is amazing in the depth of her feelings, made only more prominent, knowing that she was only about 20 years old at the time! She looks to me like the best young actress in the world. Other super performers who do not have a certain order are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney and Rees Dinsdale, as well as Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz, respectively. The commendation goes to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who manage to successfully cope with this task. Even Billy Crystal as a gravedigger works. The only cast that for inexplicable reasons is not Jack Lemmon. In the very first scene, he appears, and while the other three actors do an excellent job of setting up a tense mood, Lemmon sounds like he is just arranging rehearsals as a favor. You know that this must have been a real dilemma for Bran, since everything else in the films screams that this is the work of a perfectionist. <br /> <br /> Don't speak witty about the four-hour film, but it seems too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to continue if I am so brave, and a little reasonable pruning will be welcome. <br /> <br /> Did I forget anything besides Patrick Doyle's account? No doubt I did. I will simply summarize, saying that Kenneth Branaine may have made the final version of Hamlet, and it will be a truly monumental production that will lead this one.
