I'm a fan of both actors / singers, especially Gackt, and when I first discovered this movie and watched the trailer, I just thought it was stupid. After a long wait, I finally looked at it and here is my comment .... <br /> <br /> I believe that everyone knows the storyline and is not going to mention it; instead, my first applause concerns acting, as a rule, that Japanese films did not become brilliant and acting. this is just wonderful and it turned out, especially Gackt well reflects the emotions and changes of his characters, I like many of his scenes, both dramatic and humorous, with regard to HYDE, his acting is good, but he purposely remains in the background as an actor, respectively like his hero, throughout the film. I didn’t like some of the cinematography, especially the lighting and some of the colors, but due to the small budget he still has some brilliant moments, but the real gem of the film is history. She has some funny moments, but this is normal for me, and the theme of the friendship of the film is really well developed and touching sometimes, on the other hand, the story points to a cruel world that no one has guaranteed life, and with some memorable scenes of death, it reflects this theme for visual effects. In addition to an interesting note, this film has some similarities with the excellent vampire Interwiew film with a vampire, which also plays the most beautiful (not beautiful, beautiful) actors of the American cinema, in fact Moon Child can somehow be viewed as a brother with Interwiew, but on its own original. The only problem is that MoonChild is sometimes a little slow, I'm a fan of Japanese cinema, and I'm used to it, but that hasn't changed. There are several useless scenes or characters in MoonChild. But in general, this film is sometimes very good and very emotional, as for a duet of actors and singers. I hope to see their other films in the future, and I recommend it to anyone who likes science fiction and fantastic and romantic vampire films 8/10
