Moonchild is a very difficult movie to categorize. It’s easiest to think of it as a few snapshots of the life of two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gang located in a multicultural city of the near future, and that one of them is a vampire, does not exclude that they will have the same moments as other people, and this is one of the places where this the film is different from everything i have ever heard. It does not get stuck in the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something that needs to be solved, like any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic — there are awkward relatives and tricks that should look cool, but they just don’t work, which leaves the film with a wonderful feeling that for the most part he doesn’t take himself too seriously. <Br /> <br /> Another area that really stood out to me is languages. In the fictional city of Mallep there are various cultural groups, and the characters speak the language that they should speak. The members of the Japanese gang speak Japanese with each other, but Chinese when they talk to Chinese characters. Perhaps the funniest exchange is with the Australian and is conducted in English. The actors of the four, perhaps the main characters have three separate native languages ​​between them, and they speak different levels of each other’s languages, so the film is a feat in general. Which, I believe, leads me to the leading actors. <br /> <br /> Much was done because the films featured two of the biggest Japanese rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese superstar Lee-Hom Wan, whether to praise them for their actions or to criticize him or just chatting about them. In my opinion, Lee Hom is best played as a straightforward and realistic character. However, the lack of acting ability on the part of Gackt is mostly masked by the fact that the character he plays is prone to excessive drama. I was not sure that Hyde’s character was supposed to be as sullen and sarcastic as he saw him, but this in no way distracts from the film. <br /> <br /> There are several scenes in which it sounds quite melodramatic. turns that made it difficult for them to emotionally affect me (although this doesn’t seem to stop many people). I found it best to enjoy the movie as it is and not take it too seriously. He is perfect for going out and seeing with a group of friends. It has its drawbacks, but overall it was very nice, and I highly recommend it to anyone who is not against several subtitles.
