Based on the idea of ​​Gackt, Moon Child took place in a poor country called Mallepa. In the futuristic chronicle, the story followed the lives of two main characters, Kay (HYDE) and Shaw (Gackt), and their friends who grew up together. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that some actions may be overly executed or possibly funny, I firmly believed that this is a film about friendship. Even among all the difficulties between each character, in the end, each of them wanted to have someone on his side, to have friends. <br /> <br /> Unlike most vampire characters, Kay portrayed a vampire who hated the idea of ​​having to kill to live. The vampire found friendship in the hands of a young boy, Sho, who is not afraid of Kay. Regardless of what some may have thought, I think Kay is a fatherly figure for Shaw. Kay was there throughout Sho's early life, he cared for him and taught him to live in a world where power between gangs controls their lives. On the other hand, Shaw, who, perhaps, can be regarded as an innocent young man with enthusiasm, he grew up to become a man who realized that life does not boil down to fun and games, that death exists and is capable of taking back its loved ones. <br /> <br /> I like the role in which Lee Hom, the actor who played the Dream, first appeared on screen. The way they met was really cool. The son also plays a big role in this film, the fact that he is from a different race, Taiwanese, had a great influence on the theme of friendship in the film. This film beautifully illustrated how friendships developed, despite differences in origins. <br /> <br /> I thought that every actor did a great job, considering that this was their first time when he appeared on such a big movie screen. Both HYDE and Gackt were able to act reasonably well and created quite believable characters. Unlike films in which musicians became actors and filled the film with songs, they did an excellent job with acting! The Lunar Child really influenced me, it gave friendship a new meaning and understanding that we should appreciate every friendship in our life. The film shows a lot of hope, despite all the bad things that happen in their lives, that there is always hope. Life can be cruel, it seems that hope no longer exists. It also shows a very strong sense of friendship with each other, even when the Son became an enemy, Sho really had a little fun in his last battle. Each of them eventually wanted peace, no matter how far they were from each other. The final scene showed it to us.
