The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi involves moving away from Pau to the realm of a fantastic series. Karloff plays Dr. János Rukh, the creator of a device that can capture light rays through his telescope in the Carpathians and translate them into pictures that form the visual history of the universe. <br /> <br /> In front of several guests, including Lugosi as Dr. Beneth, an astrochemist who had previously mocked Rukh’s theories, the existence of an unknown radioactive element, here called “Radium X”, contained in a meteor that fell to Earth darkest Africa a few thousand years ago. Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theories, but Radium X is a complex compound - he levels the mountains at a great distance and heals blindness at a short distance. However, Ruch is careless and poisons himself, glowing in the dark, like the old Ready Breck commercials! Dr. Benet is on hand to develop an anti-radiation agent for radiation, but the combination of poison and medicine leads Ruha to insane paranoia. Convinced that he was deceived, he is searching for members of the expedition in Paris, including his estranged wife, and his very touch, being in a radioactive state, means death ... <br /> <br /> On the way we get the old the pseudoscientific idea that the eyes of a dead person record the image of their killer (remarkably distinct Karloff!) and the Radium X device, used to symbolically melt the statues that represent the members of the expedition. And even the touch of James Whale to the hostess Cockney in Paris! <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray is a lot of fun, besides the gothic debut it is interesting to watch Universal transfer the action to Africa and Paris. The film lacks pace, but it is always fascinating. Karloff was a bit overzealous, but Lugosi is awesome. Universal again used the main storyline in Artificial Monster, this time with Lon Cheney, Jr. as a luminous threat (this time caused by electricity), and Lionel Atville is a much more insane doctor than Lugosi. The Invisible Ray is a dark and intelligent little film to be admired. Perhaps not as famous as other universal horrors, but it works and is very fascinating.
