The horror gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough reason for any genre lover to watch a film, and, although they are the most convincing, they are not the only reason to watch this little Sci-Fi gem / Horror. While Lambert Hiller’s Invisible Ray, 1936, almost does not share the brilliance of other contemporary films that Karloff (Frankenstein, Bride Frankenstein, Mummy, ...) or Lugosi (White Zombie, "" The Island of Lost Souls "," Dracula ", ...) or both (" Black Cat "," Raven ", ...) is undoubtedly a very interesting film that no cult movie fan should consider . Compared to other Universal Horror paintings, the storyline seems a bit silly, but delightful. Karloff and Lugosi, of course, shine, as always, and the film also benefits from great landscapes and great photography. Karloff plays the doctor. Janos Ruch, a brilliant scientist who invented a method that allows you to look into the past through a telescope, and learns that a meteor struck the Earth thousands of years ago. Stunned by the invention of Ruha, the famous French scientist Dr. Felix Benet (Bela) Lugosi) invites him to join the expedition to find a meteor. In Africa, Ruch makes a discovery that can bring both great benefit and great destruction ... It is somewhat strange that Karloff, who was actually British, plays a Hungarian scientist here, while Lugosi, who was Hungarian, plays a French scientist, but They are both excellent, as usual. As far as I know, these two Deities of Terror could be filmed in the telephone directory, and I am sure that they would have done something of this — every person is an icon of the Horror genre, and seeing them together is a treat for every fan of the genre. By the way, this is one of the few, if not the only film in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually taller than Karloff. Francis Drake plays a very good female role as Dr. Ruch's beautiful young wife. The rest of the performances are also good, if not particularly worthy of mention. In addition to the cast of Karloff and Lugosi, the greatest qualities of the film are probably the atmosphere thanks to the excellent settings and photography, as well as the surprisingly delicate and very interesting storyline. My main complaint is that I would like Lugosi to devote more time to the screen, and his role to have a little more meaning. He's fantastic as always, but his role could be bigger and more sinister. As for the rest, “Invisible Ray” is a surprisingly interesting film that should satisfy every lover of the classic horror / fantasy cinema, and which all my fellow Lugosi / Karloff fans should definitely watch.
