The horror films of the thirties, which are best remembered, always look like Dracula and Frankenstein; there is a very good reason for this, but there were some small, but nevertheless, excellent productions, and “Invisible Ray” is certainly one of them. The plot is not particularly original, and similar stories have been seen many times before (even back in 1936), but the way everything is connected is certainly very creative, and director Lambert Hiller created a very elegant little original horror film. The plot focuses on the kindhearted Dr. Janos Ruhe; The man who discovered the way to recreate the history of the Earth. His discovery makes him believe that somewhere in Africa there may be an unknown radioactive element, and therefore he goes along with a team of distinguished colleagues to find it. However, during the expedition tragedy happens, and the good doctor eventually turns out to be subject to the elements; what makes him glow in the dark, and also drives him crazy ... <br /> <br /> The biggest draw in the film undoubtedly lies in the fact that it featured two of the biggest horror stars of its time - Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi and both give excellent performances. Karloff really shows how good actor he is and his character has a lot of meat so Karloff can impress him. Bela Lugosi has a role that is very different from the one in which we used to see him, and this is also a great performance on his part; Nice to see some versatility from Lugosi. The film begins rather slowly; but things are starting to get better soon. The second half of the film is the best, and this is true when the film becomes exciting and Karloff gets a chance (literally). The film does not focus on great special effects and relies heavily on the actions of the central character to keep things interesting; and it works very well. The film remains interesting everywhere and comes down to a very decent climax, which beautifully completes everything. In general, the Invisible Ray may not be one of the best horror films of the thirties; but it is very good and recommended.
