The story of Ned Kelly was steeped in myth and exaggeration of time out of control, and this film is no exception. What guarantees Ned Kelly a permanent place in history is the efforts he made to even the odds against the cops who hunt him. During several battles, he went out in plates of broken iron, from which the bullets, available to the police at that time, innocuously rebounded. Indeed, it was only because there were several bright sparks among the Victorian police who noticed that he didn’t cover with his feet, they grabbed him and hung him up. The story has been told in schools and stories in Australia for so long that, ironically, some versions of this story have become boring. The more stories try to portray Kelly as some kind of inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people pay attention to it. <br /> <br /> This is precisely the feature of the film adaptation of the novel “Our sunshine”, the novel about the legend of Kelly. Instead of trying to portray Ned Kelly, who is as insensitive as the armor he wore, the film quickly sets him up as a person. Indeed, a change in the popular legend showing the corruption of the Victorian police and the untenable position of the colonists is of great importance for this film to stand out from the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is just a man living at that time and in that place, in order to be convicted of murder, you just had to be the closest person to the corpse when a policeman found him. No, I do not invent it. On the only area where the film is mistaken, exaggerating the Irish vs. English mentality of battles. While the Kelly gang was clearly Irish, Australia has long been a place where peoples of wildly diverse ethnic backgrounds almost seamlessly mixed with each other (the scene with some Chinese migrants emphasizes this). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does an amazing job of posing as Australia’s most notorious criminal. Only thanks to the fame that he found in other films, viewers know that they are watching Ledger, and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom finally found a role in which he does not look completely lost without his bow, and the appearance of Jeffrey Rush as the leader of the police contingent in Glenroeen shows why he is one of the most revered actors on this deserted little island. state. But this is Naomi Watts, acting as Julia Cook, in this film gets some fake. Although the film basically implies that Cook was essentially a woman in the life of Ned Kelly, but you will not know about it in the minimum time she gets here. Indeed, many hundred and ten minutes of the film seem more dried than exploratory. After the element of police corruption is established, in fact the film flies so fast that sometimes it seems that he is in a hurry. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the strengths of the film are not used. Rush hardly gets more screen time than his name in the opening and ending credits. The same goes for Watts, and the rest of the actors are a bit like mannequins. I can only conclude that another fifteen or even thirty minutes of footage could fix this. But this leads to another problem, namely that the absence of any depth or background for the characters, other than the title character, leaves the events of the story with zero impact. One scene manages to do its job well in creating speech, but, unfortunately, it all turns into a collage of moments without any connections after some time. If you believe the impression that this film creates, it takes weeks, even days, in the meantime, when Ned Kelly becomes a wanted man on the orders of a corrupt policeman, and the infamous skirmish in Glenrowen. It's a shame that the process and the execution of Ned Kelly are not even depicted here, they are simply mentioned in the subtitles before the release of the captions. <br /> <br /> However, in addition to some shaky camera work, Ned Kelly manages to portray some exciting skirmishes, and they have a good start. For this reason, I rated it seven out of ten. Other critics were not so kind, so if you are not impressed by the shootings with unusual elements (and what could be more unusual than a full body armor in a colonial shootout?), Then you had better look elsewhere. Especially if you want a more truthful description of Ned Kelly's life.
