Well, pay attention to the people who have collected these DVD collections of horror legend legends: I am sincerely grateful and very much support the initiative, but ?? Have you even watched movies before selecting them as part of a collection? When I acquired the collection of Boris Karloff, there were several films in which the star played only an auxiliary and optional role (London Tower, Strange Door). The “Invisible Ray”, however, is part of Bela Lugosi’s collection, and here Boris Karloff actually overshadows Bela! This would actually be a great name for the Boris Karloff collection! The character of Bela Lugosi is perhaps the most good-natured and serious he has ever portrayed in his entire career, and good old Karloff does play here a mad and dangerously obsessed scholar. The Invisible Ray consists of three main chapters. The first one, installed in the Carpathian castle of Dr. János Ruh, is rather boring and requires a lot of patience from the viewer, but, of course, the drawings of the characters and the subject discussed here are fundamental to the rest of the film. Dr. Ruch (Karloff) demonstrates a pair of distinguished colleagues (among them Bela Lugosi as Dr. Beneth), how he managed to capture extraterrestrial rays inside the device made by himself. Scientists are sincerely impressed with his work and invite Ruha and his beloved wife Diana for an expedition to the heart of Africa. There, Dr. Ruch isolates himself from the group, discovers the essential element "Radium X" to complete his medical ray, and completely faints after excessive exposure to the meteorite itself. The third and final act is obviously the best and most terrible, as it spins on an old-fashioned murder with ingenious tricks (melting statues) and amazing climax. Karloff glows in the dark and, convinced that the others are going to steal his discovery and even his life, he intends to destroy them using his deadly touch. The “Invisible Ray” narrative structure sounds rather complicated, but the film is easy to use and interesting. The story is rather contrived, but, nevertheless, irresistible, and the director Lambert Hiller gives a few moments of complete indecision. Boris Karloff is truly fantastic, like Lugosi, although he deserved a little more time on the screen. Their scenes together are bright moments of the film, along with the bizarre images of the glowing Boris.
