Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made many films together, but in general (which is quite interesting) Karloff is usually the best of the two. The real exception is the "Black Cat" (1934), where Karloff plays the evil head of the devil cult, and Lugosi tries to avenge him for the destruction of his life. But the more usual is “Black Friday”, where (regardless of his motives) Karloff tries to improve the operation on the brain, while Lugosi is a killer thug. In Crow, Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who blackmails Karloff to help his evil plans, until Karloff finally gets bored. Rarely are they both negative characters completely. In The Body Thief, Karloff does kill Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The only exception where they are both extremely sympathetic, but for different purposes, is the 1936 film, which I feel that viewers rarely received other films that I mentioned. In it, Dr. Yalosh Ruh Karlova, a tough scientific genius, at whom the “official scientific community” scoffed at his theory that a rare form of radium was in Nigeria on a meteorite that had landed centuries ago. He finally received the support of a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beula Bondi), and he has another scientist, a Frenchman named Dr. Felix Benet (Lugoshi), the young wife of Ruha Diana (Francis Drake) and Stevens' friend and protégé named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). <br /> <br /> Before they leave, his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) warns Ruh that he may be looking for wisdom so that he should not, and this could end in tragedy. He tries to deny it, but he is worried about what she says, his scientific position and whether he is going to get a proper assessment. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. He finds a substance, but is infected with its remarkable radioactivity. He discovers that he burns slowly, and if he tries to touch people or animals, they die. In fact, he created friendship or mutual understanding with Benet, who came up with what type of radioactive combat cocktail Ruch used to counteract danger. But there are two things that are invincible here. The antidote can last only a certain time and must be replenished. And radioactivity has affected the brain of Rukh. He is increasingly envying Diana’s friendship with Ronald (emboldened, unfortunately, by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and he is equally upset that (due to the fact that he has to pretend that he died - the effects of radioactivity are the same), Benet and several others collect fame about the miracles that "Radium X" gives man. Soon Rukh began a murderous fury that destroys many lives, ending his own. <br /> <br /> The film must have picked up science to some extent. Madame Curie recently died of cancer, which she received because of working with Radie. Few people fully understood the danger of radioactivity in 1936, but some ideas about it appeared. The wave of killings by Rukh forces the newspapers to talk about the “curse” of the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a “damned” expedition (on the African continent) for a hidden treasure buried many centuries ago, funded by a titled Englishman, we went in for archeology, not physics or geology (paging Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to settle the cause of death and returns to the idea, which was actually destroyed in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel killings, Sir Charles Warren ordered photographs of the retina of several of the dead victims, to see if the last image on the retina was Jack the Ripper. It turned out he received only photos of the retina of the dead prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899, and here Dr. Benet uses it. Since this is a science-fiction story, he finds an image of Rukh on his plate, but Benet accidentally dropped the plate and it broke. <br /> <br /> The film is good for many reasons, the most interesting thing is that for Peremena Karloff and Lugosi are not without sympathy for each other. In this story there is a type of tragic fatalism, which is not in their other films. Other performances are also good, in particular, Ms. Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as the frightening sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Merdstone) in "David Copperfield." Here, her last act is the only way to end this tragedy, and who can say that she did not harm her more than her goals.
