There is no doubt that during the decade of the 1930s, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi became an absolute guarantee of excellent performance in high-quality horror films. Being the “first monster” of the Universal in the original classic “Dracula”, Bela Lugosi became a typical horror fiend thanks to his elegant style and foreign accent (unfortunately, this last factor also led to his being brought to type in the 40s) . ). In the same way, the performance of Boris Karloff in “Frankenstein” by James Wyle turned him into a person who you need to look for when you want a good monster. Of course, it was quite natural for these icons to separate the screen, and the film that united them was the “Black Cat” of 1934. This formula will be repeated in several films over the course of a decade, and director Lambert Hillier, a mixture of horror and science fiction Invisible Ray, is another of those minor classical works that they did in those years. <br /> <br /> In The Invisible Ray, Dr. Janos Ruch (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device capable of displaying scenes from the past of our planet captured by rays of light emanating from the Andromeda galaxy. Demonstrating their invention to their colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), they discover that thousands of years ago, a meteor struck Nigeria today. After this amazing discovery, Dr. Ruch decides to join his colleagues on an expedition to Africa in search of a landing site for a mysterious meteorite. This expedition will not be useful for Ruha, as during the expedition his wife Diana (Francis Drake) falls in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an experienced hunter brought by Stevens to help them on their expedition. However, Ruch will lose more than his wife on this trip, as he will change forever after being exposed to an invisible meteor beam. <br /> <br /> Author John Colton (who previously wrote the screenplay for London's “Werewolf”), “The Invisible Ray” originates from the original science fiction story of Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Given that it was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton attaches great importance to the terrible side of his story, playing very effectively with the mad scientist’s archetype and adding a good dose of melodrama to liven up the situation. One of the elements that highlights the Invisible Ray among other horror films of that era is how Colton plays with the moral in this story. That is, in the classical style there are no exactly heroes and villains, but there are people who make decisions and then face the consequences of this choice. In many ways, the Invisible Ray is a modern tragedy about obsessive ideas, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> Experienced director of low-budget B-films, director Lambert Heiler, was able to make 3 films for Universal Pictures, when the legendary studio faced serious financial problems. Thanks to his experience with limited resources, Hillier’s films always looked very good, despite budgetary constraints, and Invisible Ray was no exception. Although he was not close to the stylish gothic atmosphere of previous Universal horror films, Hillier’s film effectively captures the essence of Colton’s script, as it gives the film a dark and painful mood, more in tune with the novels of pulp than direct science fiction. Finally, a few words need to be said about using Hillier’s special effects: for a very low-budget film, they look much better than in a few A-films of that era. <br /> <br /> As usual in a film with Lugosi and Karloff, the performances of these legends are of extraordinary quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is just perfect in his image of a man, so blinded by his devotion to his work, who does not see the evil he unleashes. Like his colleague, Dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is just happy to watch, stealing every scene he is in and showing how underestimated the actor he was. As Ruh's wife, Francis Drake is extremely effective, really helping her character become more than a girl in need. However, two of the highlights of the film are the performances of Kamble Cooper in the role of Mother Ruh and Beula Bondi in the role of Lady Arabella, as the two actresses use their limited time on the screen, making unforgettable roles in their roles. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but this is not surprising compared to the other actors. <br /> <br /> Judging this film by today's standards, it is very easy to reject it as another cheap science fiction film. with bad special effects and casually mixed pseudoscience. However, this would be a mistake, because, despite the low budget, it is wonderfully done for its time. In addition, given that the film was shot when the nuclear era began, and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, its perceptions about the dangers of radioactivity are frighteningly accurate. And the last thing you should pay attention to is the interesting way the script handles the relationship between the characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exists between the possessed Dr. Ruch and the cold Dr. Benet, because it allows you to create great scenes between two significant actors. <br /> <br /> Although Lambert Hillier's “Invisible Ray” was not close to either the gothic expressionism of the film “Frankenstein” or the elegant anticipation of “Black Cat”, it is certainly a small classic in the Universal Pictures catalog. Horror. With one of the most interesting horror scenarios of the 30s, this mixture of vagueness, horror, and science fiction is one of the most misunderstood gems that even now delivers a good dose of entertainment thanks to the two most amazing actors the horror genre has ever had: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
