I'm sure not many people outside of Australia have ever heard of the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about a person, but this is the only time I have seen or heard anything about him. And I think this may be the biggest problem this film will face. No one knows anything about this, and probably not many people will take care of this subject. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Ned Kelly’s life. An Irish immigrant lived all his life in northwest Victoria, but the authorities never welcomed him. The police always blame him for everything they can think about, and they continue to harass his family. When Kelly gets tired of how things are going, he forms a gang with his brother and two other men. They begin to rob banks and even steal the whole city for 3 days. All this violence leads to a hunt for men, organized by the police, and when they kill three policemen, they are outlawed. Finally, they grab a pub in Glenrovana, where they are having a party with all the visitors, waiting for the train full of police to leave the rails on the part of the road they broke. But the train can stop on time, because someone warns them, and this will be followed by the battle of life and death between the police and four militants ... <br /> <br /> It’s hard to say if everything shown in the film is true or false. I think no one knows, because there will always be two camps, each of which will tell its truth: one camp says that he is a hero, some kind of Robin Hood, others will say that he is a common criminal, a murderer and a thief. I really cannot tell you which of them is right, perhaps both of them, but I can tell you that the facts in the film, as well as the documentary, were about the same. <br /> <br /> This film was a good addition to the documentary that I once saw, and I really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Jeffrey Rush - actors who are fairly well known, but even lesser-known actors show in this performance that they all know how a good acting game should look. I really liked this movie and I give it 7.5 / 10
