Borrowing this film from the local library a couple of weeks ago, intending to see it on the first or several days after Memorial Day, I finally saw Sionaru only this morning. In this film, Marlon Brando plays Major Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, the son of a general who was raised in a certain way and moved from Korea to Japan, where his friend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) conveniently finds himself. Before leaving, he tries to convince one of his people, Joe Kelly (red buttons), to marry the Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), because this is a violation of the laws on military fraternity. However, with the romance of his and Eileen on the exits, Ace not only becomes the best man at the wedding of Joe and Katsumi, he falls in love with an Asian after he and captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) go to the city and watch the headlines Khan -Ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself meets with one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Cuba). Eileen herself seems to love one of the Kabuki performers, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I’ll stop right here and say that this was the most persuasive drama about prejudice regarding US-Asian romantic relationships, which was very touching from beginning to end. Even seeing that the Latin American Montalban plays in the east is not too embarrassing (although it is good that his role is short). And there are some nice touches of humor, for example, when Brando’s head hit the top of the Button and Umeki doorways several times. Red and Miyoshi themselves deserve their Oscars, especially Red with its defiant and proud emotions. Rookie Garner, before being filmed in his legendary role in the television series Marverick, does an excellent job with his scenes with Brando, and Miyko Taka shows great restraint in his initial characterization of the anti-American. Although I read that there were some changes in the James Michener novel, I cannot imagine the director Josh Logan, who previously transferred another work of Michener to the Broadway musical “South Pacific” and ultimately turns it into a film, rather than remaining true to the original source. He, of course, inspired us to the final scenes, which made the heartbreaking early tragedy in the film a somewhat necessary plot twist. Some production figures may have made the film a bit long, but otherwise, Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience about the mores of the 50s that penetrated America and Japan at that time.
