There are a few films that leave me feeling that Gregor Jordan’s Ned Kelly did. Initially, I heard only half recommendations and decided to make sure of it myself. I have since acquired both the video and the soundtrack, and I must say that after several views I am still very impressed with the main character of this film. It's also great to see something Australian! I appreciate its mundane quality, which, if you ask me, is a rarity, as well as the lack of stickiness that takes away from many films. This film proves that you do not have to demand fancy costumes and a glamorous set that absorbs millions of dollars to make a point. The cast was a bonus, including many well-known, and I could add good looking people who excelled in such unique characters. It is interesting to note that most of the criticism regarding this film was about who played what, and how they said so many lines. However, if any criticism arises, it must constructively focus on the fact that a number of the main elements of the original events have been excluded. In fact, they acted to make it a distinctive feature of Australian history. For example, upon closer inspection, one finds that the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt was much, much larger, and that this was in fact the cause of a much larger number of final results for the gang than the film was investigated. It also overlooks the fact that it was not only Aaron Sheritt’s efforts that provided the Victorian police with their understanding of the revealed secrets. Yes, it is their interpretation of the story, and it is clear that for real stories sensationalism is required, and sometimes a modification of the original plot to attract the attention of viewers. I feel that in this case this is the only restriction. However, I can agree that, perhaps, historical accuracy is important only for those who are particularly interested in the realistic events behind the situation. This, of course, inspired me to look closer. So look and decide for yourself. You may not like it, this is your opinion, and this is good. Could this be a film that pretty much attracts the Australian audience? I would call it a breath of fresh air!
