Due to the fact that I read bad reviews and told friends that they can not believe how bad it is, I did not go to watch this movie in the movie. After watching this on a DVD, I must say that I regret it now. I'm not saying that this is great, but I would venture to say that this is a good movie. I like it. <br /> <br /> People have skulls that are thicker than Ned’s helmet if they go to see such a film and expect it to be documentary. If you read the real story of most films based on historical figures, there is usually a huge difference between fact and a fictional image. I do not think that Ganghis Kahn was ever portrayed even remotely close to historical fact. What kind of person was really Ned Kelly, is the subject of controversy, and it seems quite passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly became a legend. Legends are stories, and stories are told about those who tell and listen to them, as much as about the figure itself. Ned Kelly has become such a popular personality because he represents an aspect of Australian culture that does not trust and does not accept authority. A society in which there is no dissent or challenging power is crazier and more dangerous than any bushranger. <br /> <br /> Therefore, without expecting that this would be an exact re-creation of the historical Kelly gang, I actually found this amazingly unburdened and refreshing film. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately, not as stupid as it could be; for my fellow Australians, see “The Lighthorseman,” and you will understand what I mean (wish this story was so poorly handled). Perhaps the love affair case would have been forgotten for more details in other areas, such as shooting soldiers. Ironically, I really liked the film, because it is on these details that the focus will be on the story of Ned. And they are the details of history that are best learned by reading the various points of view expressed by various historians. <br /> <br /> In this film there will always be a difficult time when he compromises with the world cinema market (to pay for tablets) and the legend, as it means for Australians; perhaps a bit of Ned's spirit in this film, because I think he rebelled against people's expectations and, unfortunately, did not achieve both goals. Fortunately, it made for a pleasant fad movie. For me it was an unexpected film about Ned, and therefore I liked it. The performance of Orlando Bloom also really helped the film - he really added something. I think that for a change he would have liked to be a monster, not a cute elf. <br /> <br /> If you look at other films that are much worse than this, your opinion about this film should be reconsidered. Send me this on DVD for Christmas, not Croc Dundee or The Man from the Snowy River at any time.
