It must have been several years after its release, so I don’t know why it was in the cinema. But as a child I liked it. I just found a VHS cassette with Superman and Moles on the flea market and decided to watch it again (many years have passed). I didn’t expect much, now knowing how movies B were made at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find that the film is very watchable and the cast of all outstanding. The usual game in films of this type leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, the spelling is not bad either. Forget the fact that Superman went from sequence to sequence and could kick all his asses at the beginning, because then the story would end, right? OK, mole suits were hockey and not very scary (they didn't even scare me as a child). However, given the possible low budget for backgrounds and costumes, it was a job well done for everyone. I immediately recognized the sheriff as “Old Ranger from Days of Death Valley” and many supporting roles in television westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald played the old “Pop” and was always a great supporting actor in more films than I can count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were familiar faces from other films. Did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship that went to King Kong? Did you recognize the little girl who rolled the ball to a man like Lisbeth Sirsi in Old Yeller? Some of the moles were also known. Jerry Maren played Mayor McKeeese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, was Munchkin, who handed Dorothy a lollipop, was in an episode of Seyfeld and many other works. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable role with Clint Eastwood in the film “High Plains”, was one of the friends who met the star in “The Incredible Diminishing Man”, he starred in the film, which I, fortunately, seized at the flea market called “My Gal Sal ”with Rita Hayworth. The Wizard of Oz and many other parts are a great actor. John Brambury was also a Munchkin. Phyllis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, was no doubt remarkable in this role, and George Reeves in the role of Superman / Clark Kent was superman. He played great in a strong man. The bottom line is that I said that this film is worth seeing because of the actors and scenarios associated with the rather fragile idea of ​​the film. But it was the 50s, and everything was possible, from intruders from outer space, to silence people from the inner space. It's definitely worth seeing, there is no bad actor in the group. Whoever would have to play the cast, he was very, very lucky that so many talented actors got into a movie like “B”. Some already had a wealth of experience, and some were going to get a wealth of experience, but all were gifted. Therefore, if you have the opportunity to watch a movie, forget about the stupefied costumes and just enjoy the game and the game. Is it a bird? This is a plane? No, just a good, old-fashioned film to enjoy!
