I used to watch this on HBO, Showtime or Cinemax for one summer in the mid-90s, when my parents subscribed to these channels. I came across this several times in different parts and always found it dark, strange and exciting. I was young then, in my early teens; and now, years after I discovered the great Arlis Howard and was shocked by Big Bad Love, I bought the Wilder Napalm DVD and for the first time in many years I watched it with my girlfriend. I really liked it! I was really impressed and affected by this. There are so many dynamic difficulties and skills associated with fluids in camera movements and cinema; All this is perfectly combined with intelligent, intense and direct chemistry between the three leading, their history, music and all the other actors. This is truly "Cinematic". I love Arliss Howard’s subtle intensity, dual strength and hidden intelligence, I’m a big fan of everything he does; and his interaction with the manic exultation of Debra Winger (they are, of course, married) has that magical charming reality that passes by the camera. (I wonder if they watch it on wedding anniversaries? ....... "Big bad love" should be the next stop for everyone who hasn't seen it; it's great.) And Dennis Quaid is in full clown makeup Hiddenly presented, inclined , hidden and displayed when choosing a picture, as well as full-color delivery - this is the magic of a pure dark movie that you do not often see. In any case, Quaid has always been an ominous quality for me, with a huge slit mouth hidden behind shimmering eyes, waiting to reveal itself as a harmful charm or devilish oddity (here and both). Both Howard and Quaid have a mad fire behind their eyes to carry out their marvelous intense internal shooters of the shooter in a dark cool. In fact, the whole film has a dark cool and thigh energy. This is really a fantastic film, united by the mind, imagination, dexterity and chemistry of all parties involved. I really can't imagine how it was funded, and it looks quite expensive to me, thanks to such a conventional system without imagination, but I thank God for films like this slipping through the system from time to time. In great shape, with all the bright carnival colors, hip intelligence, sombre twisted truthful humor and exciting chemistry, he reminds me of one of my favorite films of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ...... now it's a compliment in my book !
