In the midst of the racist “Big Brother Celebrity” scandal in 2007 (in which Shilpa Shetty and the late Jade Goody participated), I condemned these “BBB” on the Internet forum. Fans who praised the show after many years of loud “racist” 70s sitcoms such as Curry & Chips and Love Thy Neighbor. I thought they were hypocritical, and said so. “This is not a half-hot mother,” and then some pointed out that the role of the English actor was in it. Well, yes, but Michael Bates lived in India as a child and was fluent in Urdu. The detractors of the show overlook the reality that he brought to his performance as a carrier of "Rangi Ram." Renu Setna, a well-known Indian actor, said in 1995 in the documentary Perry and Croft: Sitcoms that he was upset when he heard that Bates had a role, but added: "No Indian actor could play this role as well like Bates. ". Indeed. <br /> <br />“ Mama ”was a companion show of Perry and Croft in“ Papa’s Army ”; also established in wartime, the balanced English city of Walmington-on-Sea was replaced by the hot, full jungles of India, In particular, in a place called Deolali, where an army concert party hosts a show for military personnel, including Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first comedy role after “The Doctor in Performance”), camp shooter “Gloria” Beaumont (Melvin Hayes), miniature shooter "Lofty" Sugden, "La de da" Gunner Ram (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (late Christopher Mitchell). The gang of losers were led by the warlike Sergeant Major Williams (brilliant Windsor Davis), who considered them all "puffs." His disappointment was due to the fact that he could not lead his people in the jungle to fight the enemy made him bitter and intimidating (although he was nice to Parkins, whom he considered his bastard son!). Then there was a very English Englishman Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and a foolish captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). The ranks looked like an old wise sage who began every show with a conversation with the camera and covering them with quotes of obscure Hindu proverbs. He loved being a carrier so much that he considered himself practically British. His friends were Char Walla (the late Dino Shafiq, who continued to “Understand your language”) and the rope pulling Punka Walla (Babar Bhatti). So, real Indians are featured in the show - one more thing that his detractors ignore. Shafeek also provided what was described on the credits as “vocal interruptions” (similar to songs from the 40s used as episodic music in “Dad's Army”). Each edition was closed with the singing of “Land Of Hope & Glory”, but it was silenced by “Shut up!” From Williams. A great starting point was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that “Mom Dad” never equaled the feelings of the public, “Mom”, however, was popular enough to run a total of eight seasons. In 1975, Davis and Estelle topped the charts with a cover version of this old chestnut whispering grass. Then they recorded a whole album of old chestnuts, entitled (what else?) "Sing Lofty!". <br /> <br /> The show hit a critical point three years later, when Bates died of cancer. Instead of changing the “Ranks” role, the writers simply allowed him to be quietly forgotten. When George Leighton left, the character Gloria took his place in the role of Bombadier, providing another source of comedy. <br /> <br /> In the last edition of 1981, the soldiers left India on a boat for Blythe, Char. Walla looks at them with great sadness (as the audience). <br /> <br /> The number of repetitions was not numerous (mostly on UK Gold), and all because of its so-called “sly” reputation. This is strange. On the one hand, the show was not specifically about racism. If the darkened white man is so wrong, why is the 1984 David Lin film “Passage to India” still being shown on television? (Alec Guinness was portrayed as an Indian, and he won two Oscars!). It was derived from Jimmy Perry’s own experience. Some characters were based on real people (the sergeant-major really called his people "puffs"). I am of the opinion that if you are going to show the story on television, do it right. To disinfect the past, no matter how unpleasant it may seem to the modern audience, is fundamentally dishonest. “Mama” was both funny and truthful, and the audience saw it. Thank God that I say, PhD. Time to stop this review. As Williams would say: "I will not gossip in this jungle!"
