This wartime comedy film, written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote The Best Dad television program, was not as good as The Army of Dads, but still very, very funny. India. Most of the episodes were about how BSM Williams (Windsor Davis) tried to arrange a concert party, which he called a bunch of puffs, in the jungle. He has always been unsuccessful, as vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the stupid captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were big fans of the concert party. The concert party consisted of Bombaider Soloman (George Leighton), imitator Ginger Rogers, artist "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvin Hayes), formed at the University pianist, artist Gunner "La de da" Gunner Graham, aka Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner " Lofty "Sugden, Ganner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son, he was completely wrong), big eater Ganner" Nosher "Evans and animal mimic (Kenneth MacDonald), he was not Percy Edwards. In addition, the loyal Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates) took part in the adventures, and Char-Valla and Punka-Valla (Dino Shafiyek and Babar Bhatti) provided Rama with remarkable support. <br /> <br /> In the show, as in the "Pope's Army", there are many phrases left. Rangi Ram used to say to his Punka Wallet: “Don't be so smart,” and he ended many shows, saying, “This is a very old Hindu saying, for example, when a wife has an affair with a best friend, it doesn’t stop your house from burning” was Williams, though, who had the most catchy phrases. He always shouted "Shuddup !!!!!", said: "Oh, dear, how sad it does not matter," and when he spoke with Gunner Graham, he always sarcastically spoke with a chic accent . <br /> <br /> This Show does not have the same recognition as the Dads Army. Probably, this is due to the question of taste. : this is considered rude. Williams homophobic calls his people "fluff", although I must say that Williams is a bore. In addition, some people think that there is a racial element in humor, using the fact that Michael Bates was shaded to play Rangs Ram (although Bates was actually born in India and spoke Urdu before he spoke English), so the BBC would feel a little embarrassed about putting it on, although the vast majority of people who actually watched the show would agree that the show is not racist i know someone half indian and they were not offended at all and agreed, as I did it was a very funny show. When I see the episode for the first time, I laugh, probably more than I do for any other comedy series, but when I see it the second time, I don’t laugh so much, but no matter how many times I see the Dads Army, I many times laughing in one episode. <br /> <br /> Best episode: Road to Banu, series 1, episode 7
