7, if you are a child - 6, if you call yourself an adult. In this half-sequel of the Lion King, side characters Timone and Pumba can be seen retelling the original story with their own eyes, including the story of how they met. According to the great tradition of Disney, the worst sequels are made, and sometimes the television series with the adventures of minor characters from their main hits. You may be as skeptical as you are, but children and fans of the show are more likely to not care; There are enough jokes, songs and interesting things to make sure that this is one of the few sequels above average. This works because of the charm of the very beloved central characters, the fast tempo, the jokes associated with the first film, and for the older viewers there are a few funny jokes. Acus is as good as always, although a little less bright than the original, but the plot here is to calm down, Akuna Matat. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decided to watch the events of the first film, often stopping in the middle of the film, to make fun of its parts, like a real audience. We see how Timone is close to outcasts, he feels that he is not suitable, and decides to go beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way, he meets Pumba, another outcast, and they become friends. Soon they meet Simboo, the lion cub, the natural predator T and P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that he must follow his own fate and leave the group, others must decide whether to help or not and how. Of course, here there are the usual elements and themes of Disney: friendship, good against evil, etc. The plot is simple, but it works on many levels, which makes it smarter than a regular animated film. When CG films appear, the traditional form of Disney should become smarter, but do not forget about the roots that made them popular. The toy story and everything that has appeared since then has been tricky, with jokes suitable for all ages, and it seems that this is how the market is changing. However, there is always a place for such films, and you can’t go wrong if you buy it for young people. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
