"Shine" is a strange example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the source novel written by Stephen King, and yet he is widely remembered as one of the best cinematic performances of the work of the horror master. This is due to two factors: the skill of director Stanley Kubrick and the sinister playing of Jack Nicholson. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who agrees to take care of the Overlook Hotel in Canada in the winter, regardless of the terrible stories surrounding this place: he claims that a good, isolated place is what he needs to complete his new book. That's why Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duval) and their five-year-old son Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy, in particular, from the very beginning feels that something is wrong: chef Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) told him that he was endowed with a mysterious psychic energy, the titular Radiance, which allows people like him and Dick to see flashes past and future, by the way. Because of this "gift", the forces that inhabit the hotel immediately show an interest in Danny, although he is quite able to resist them. However, this is not the case with Jack, as he becomes increasingly paranoid about his wife’s feelings and seeks solace in the company of what is best defined as ghosts, causing a chain of insanity and fear that is very difficult to break. <br /> <br /> “Shine” works like a horror film, because Kubrick, although he had never worked on this film before, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, therefore, more attention was paid to the atmosphere and psychological shocks than bloody and creative bloodshed. King criticized the director for altering most of the story, skipping most of the Jack / Danny plot (just hinted at in the film), which led to the book's emotional climax, and although his disappointment really was an omission: the novel is about redemption , although in an unconventional way, and redemption is a topic for which Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human decay, has never had a weakness. He is interested in mental, and later on physical, imbalance that threatens the characters, and he maintains an eerie tone even thanks to a very cold approach and the skillful use of the stedicam shot (the best example is Danny’s meeting with two ghostly twins). ). <br /> <br /> Another criticism raised by King concerned actors, especially Nicholson: according to the author, his signature grin at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate that Jack was already insane, thus undermining the rest of the film . story. It’s true that Nicholson looks a little silly from the very beginning, but it’s equally true that Martin Sheen (King’s ideal choice for this role) probably couldn’t have performed such a terrifying performance as Nicholson: from that moment begins to smile more anxious than before, the immortal "Here is Johnny!" On stage, it’s impossible to imagine another actor playing this role, and although the 1997 TV version of The Shine is not bad, Torrance’s character is inextricably linked to “One Flew Over the Star of the Cuckoo’s Nest”. As for Duval and Lloyd, both add tremendous support, the latter especially deserves a place alongside Harvey Stevens (Damien Omens) and Haley Joel Osment as great children's horror films. Someone may complain that Duval is completely different from a book colleague (blonde and beauty), and he has nothing to do except to scream and run, but two things should be taken into account: a) in 1980 the “queen of screams” cliche wasn’t it was not yet; b) rarely does an actress look so genuinely frightened in front of the camera that makes differences between books and films secondary to real fear arising from Wendy’s eyes. <br /> <br /> Trawinspotting author Irwin Welsh once said there is no such thing as an absolutely correct adaptation of any literary work (and he should know, given the freedoms that Danny Boyle took when his addict masterpiece was presented on the screen ), but this does not mean that the film is necessarily bad. Radiant proves that this point points to perfection: very little of the novel, about 5%, is included in the film, but in the hands of Kubrick and Nicholson this master class in free cinematic translation becomes one of the best, most original horror pictures of all time, which really says something, given the current bad form of the genre.
