Sometimes it overtakes The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter’s film is a more effective and more interesting film, Kubrick is more artistic, more thoughtful and probably more frightening. This is one of the few films where I can look through its flaws and truly and completely love it. I try not to compare it with a book ?? which I read only once, a few years ago, and which scared me to death ?? because these two do not have much in common, besides the story and characters, obviously. As if Kubrick relied on people's love of romance to make his film more intimidating. And thus, it is certainly one of the most interesting book adaptations ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror films. <br /> <br /> What makes a movie so terrifying is not frightening jumps, not blood and blood, and not the various ghosts that appear from time to time. This is the destruction of Jack Torrens. Some people complained about the role of Nicholson in this role, saying that it is too obvious that he will go crazy in the film, given his past roles and his appearance. I disagree. Do we know that he will go crazy ?? since most of us read the book ?? and Jack's appearance only contributes to this view. But the way he acts at the beginning makes us truly frightened. He is calm, quiet, patient. He leads empty conversations with hotel managers and even with his family. And with his wife and son, as annoying as his, it is not surprising that he manages to do this. But as soon as he gets into Overlook, he changes. He becomes irritable, angry, irritated. The scene that always shocks me is when Wendy interrupts his typing and he completely loses it, telling her to “leave him alone.” This is the first bomb shot in the film, and it is a shock to the system. From this point on, all bets are canceled. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love is the multiple interpretations that are present in the film. We are never sure if what we see happens. Many critics point out that whenever Jack talks to a ghost, there is a mirror showing that he can talk to himself. But what of the other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the film reaches a climax, until she has a tour of the many ghostly inhabitants of the hotel, but she is well aware that something is wrong, while Danny is associated with the place almost immediately. His mental strength is not questionable ?? How else does Hallowrann know that he came to the hotel? ?? but does he ever see the ghosts that his parents witness? Is it easy to say that Jack just loses him, being trapped in a hotel with his family, and then Wendy too? Seeing how your husband tries to kill you with an ax, will he do it ?? what about Danny? It looks like his body is captured by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters is a reliable witness. Hallorann probably would, and he warns of the dangers in 237, but he is killed as soon as he arrives in Overlook (a frightening Kubrick reaches out, playing on the assumptions of fans of the novel). And this last shot. Has there ever been a more mysterious movie ending? Was Jack really there before? Or was his body just “absorbed” into the hotel? When we talk about acting in this film, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duval gives one of the most annoying appearances in cinema history ?? probably, specifically, to give the hero Jack more reasons for a breakdown ?? and Danny Lloyd is no better, but Jack is a powerhouse. Part of the method, partly improvisation, it is simultaneously terrible and attractive. Fortunately or unfortunately, he is a character with whom we identify ourselves, and not an annoying child or an annoying wife. We all want us to have a hotel for the season, so that we can do whatever we want. Who cares if he is persecuted? Of course, the technical aspects are awesome. Long substitutions, strange corners and strange images of Kubrick contribute to horror. The use of color, mirrors, long corridors and any other motives only reinforces this. And do not even start me on this. I don't know if the movie will be half so scary without this obsessive electronic melody. Its oddity perfectly reflects the hotel, the mood and the movie itself. <br /> <br /> I know that King do not like this film, but King’s contribution to the movie cannot boast. No matter how great he is the author of the novel, his scripts are terrible, and his attempts at directing are better left unnoticed. This is not a very good adaptation of the book, but it is not necessary and should not. Part of the horror of the film is that the viewer does not have a book on which to lean; no encouraging source material. Kubrick masterfully changes the story to even more scare the public. If only this, this is one of the most innovative films in any genre. And besides, everything else.
