The Shine begins when Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) travels to an isolated hotel called Overlook, high in the mountains of Colorado, to interview his manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about becoming the Winter's caretaker. Ulman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the main hotel maintenance, but will be almost completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months, when the harsh winter begins. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and his little son Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves to a hotel, and at first everything looks good, this is a great hotel, absolutely huge, and everything they need is at their disposal. However, the Overlook Hotel has a dark past, when the previous caretaker killed his entire family before committing suicide, and Danny has the ability to “shine,” which means he has extrasensory abilities that allow him to see and hear things, which "ordinary" people cannot. When the days, weeks, and months start to pass, Jack becomes more and more insane, Danny continues to “see” things and people, while Wendy goes berserk, because she has no idea what happens to her family, as a severe snowstorm Jack leaves them trapped. Finally, he loses it ... <br /> <br /> This English production was co-authored, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick and is an excellent horror movie. It seems that Shine is another film that exists in two different versions, and I will comment on one shorter European film that lasts just under two hours. The Kubrick & Diane Johnson script is based on Stephen King’s novel, which I haven’t read, so I cannot compare them, rather psychological horror than visual, only one murder during the entire film. In The Shining With Jack, Wendy And Danny, there are very few characters, the only ones that really matter, because the film focuses on them almost exclusively on how you take care of them, come in contact with them and what they go through. The pace is somewhat slow, but this is one film that does not feel for so long and makes you interested. On the other hand, I don’t think that the reason Jack goes crazy and wants to kill his family was strong enough to convince me, the fact that Jack escapes from the freezer without explaining the reasons makes me doubt, and I I don’t know if I missed something besides this ending, it didn’t make any sense to me, I'm still trying to understand what this picture is about! There are very few ways of violence or bloodshed, a couple of rotten zombie ghosts and someone is killed with an ax, but “Shine” is a horror film that does not need to rely on blood and special effects, because it has a fascinating story, With a budget of about $ 19 000 000 "Shining" is technically impeccable, as one would expect from an obsessed director such as Kubrick, the cinema is great thanks to the fantastic smooth and smooth frames of the Steadicam, because the camera can easily follow the character through a maze of corridors, looking absolutely real, and instead of the old-house haunted themes that are clichéd, such as dark corners, basements and cobwebs, Kubrick offers modern things with brightly lit corridors, massive open spacious spaces and modern decor (well, in the 80s modern, just check that red toilet out!). The game is good for all participants, although, as usual, in horror films a small child is very annoying, but Nicholson seems crazy from the very beginning. The Shining is an exciting movie that I enjoyed watching, although I’m not sure I’ll watch it again anytime soon. For those who are looking for explosions and unusual special effects, you will be disappointed, for those who are looking for a good horror at a house with ghosts and a strong history, I definitely think that “Shining” is worth a look for you, in my humble opinion.
