A series of random, seemingly insignificant thefts in her sister’s hostel was very disturbed by Miss Lemon. Ring, light bulbs, backpack, cigarette lighter, stethoscope, shoe ?? there seems to be no rhyme, no reason for it all. Miss Lemon asks her employer, the great Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, to figure out this matter. But what Poirot sees is something far more sinister than Miss Lemon could have imagined. And Poirot's fears are confirmed when one of the students living in a boarding house, if found, was killed. It was Poirot who should bring the killer to justice. <br /> <br /> Hickory Dickory Doc is a solid, but not impressive record in the long series of Poirot. I appreciate how true the script of the original story of Agatha Christie is. I understand that some freedoms should have been taken, but nonetheless I appreciate the effort. The highlights of the mystery are all there ?? petty thefts, a boarding house, students, a torn backpack and, of course, Poirot's ability to see something ominous happen before it really happens. With a few exceptions, the composition of the students is almost the same as I represented them. Damien Lewis and Jessica Lloyd stand out among the group. Despite the fact that I always like David Suchet's Poirot, I get pleasure from episodes with inspector Philip Jackson Jupp and Miss Lemon Pauline Moran. This episode is a real pleasure, as Miss Lemon gets more screen time than usual. Finally, I liked the use of a constantly present mouse as an observer of the activities in the dormitory. This is a funny little play called Hickory Dickory Dock. <br /> <br /> Even before watching the Hickory Dickory Dock, I realized the immense impact of Agatha Christie’s work on very stylized Italian mystical films, or Djally, 60s and 70s. Take the murder of Mrs. Nicoletis as an example. If you were to enhance the graphic nature of the scene, you would get something straight from the Giallo of the early 70s. In fact, the whole plot about Hickory Dickory's dock could be used in Jallo. It's just confusing and interesting enough to work.
