Sometimes a filmmaker such as Kubrick is required to bring something else, this unique, elusive and elusive ingredient that turns a great film or a great script into a masterpiece, one for ages. <br /> <br /> The point is not only that in the history of Stephen King there is enough meat and potatoes, which makes it difficult even for the most skilled directors to miss. Hell, even King himself wasn't so bad. Exactly how Kubrick perceives King’s universe, how he turns a page into screen time, turns “Shining” into a visual feast and a compressed master class in directing. <br /> <br /> Miss-en-scene Kubrick, as usual, amazing. The film progresses at a fast, dramatic, lively pace, even though it is neither edited nor edited, and it works no less than 160 minutes. The camera wanders through the luxurious corridors of the Overlook Hotel, as if this is some kind of mystical labyrinth for research, linear trekking images showing impeccably decorated interiors in all their glory. In the way Kubrick perceives space, there is a symmetry and a geometric approach that reminds me very much of how Japanese directors worked in the sixties. It is as if what is depicted is irrelevant to how all the different elements are balanced within the frame. <br /> <br /> Certain images definitely stand out. The first shot of Jack’s typewriter, followed by behind the scenes from hitting the ball, like death drums coming from some other floor or made by the typewriter itself, as if it were a tool of fate in itself, which later turned out to be nothing short of all this. The red river flows through the hotel elevators in slow motion. Jack hits the door with an ax, the camera moves with it, tracking what is happening, and does not remain motionless, as if the camera is knocking the door, not the ax. The super-fast zoom on the face of the child pushes us into his head before we see the two dead girls from his POV. And, of course, the scene in the bathroom. <br /> <br /> Much has been said about Jack Nicholson's obsessive replay. His madness is not entirely successful, because, well, he's Jack Nicholson. Anyway, the guy looks half crazy. Playing crazy turns him into an exaggerated caricature of himself. On the other hand, Shelly Duval is one of the most inspiring casting options Kubrick ever had. Arriving from a series of fantastic speeches by Robert Altman in the seventies (3 WOMEN, THIEVES LIKE US, NASHVILLE), she brings the right amount of fragility and emotional experience to her character. Amazing and very underrated actress.
