Shining, do you know what's strange about this movie? This film, which everyone, for those who claim that he doesn’t like horror films, will always say that “Shine” is a stunning film. This is Stanley Kubrick’s classic vision of Stephen King’s horrible tale of madness and blood. It's just an incredible movie, and when you saw it or not, you heard about it, you know a few lines from it, and are familiar with some classic images. Who could have forgotten Jack "Here is Johnny!" Who could forget "All the work and not the game make Jack a boring boy"? Who could forget this chilling end? This is a film that is unforgettable and honest, in my opinion, the best work of Kubrick. I know that there are a lot of controversies in this department, many say it is 2001: “Space Odyssey”, “Clockwork Orange” or even Dr. Strangelove, but if these films were pioneers in making the film, then “Shining” improved it. This is a story about isolation, madness, horrible images and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, son of Jack Danny and wife of Jack Wendy arrive at the Overlook Hotel on the closing day. Elderly African-American chef Dick Hallorann surprises Danny by talking to him telepathically and offering him some ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared a gift; they called communication "shining." Danny asks if there is something to fear at the hotel, in particular, number 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain “splendor” and a lot of memories, not all of them are good, and advises him to stay away from the room . 237 under any circumstances. Danny's curiosity about room 237 finally gets better when he sees that the room is open. Danny appears injured and visibly injured after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack scoffed at Danny. Jack enters the Golden Room of the hotel, where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts frantically shouting the word "call back" and throwing it on the walls. He enters a trance and leaves; now he says that he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend." Jack sabotages the hotel’s radio by shutting off communications with the outside world, but Hallorand received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack printed the endless pages of the manuscript, repeating "All the work, not the game makes Jack a boring boy," formatted in various ways. Terrified, Jack threatens her, and she loses his unconscious baseball bat, locking him in a cabinet in the kitchen. Jack talks to Grady through the locker door, which then unlocks, releasing him. Danny wrote "REDRUM" on lipstick on Wendy's bedroom door. When she looks in the mirror, she sees that this is a “murder” written backwards. Jack picks up the ax and starts chopping down the door leading to the living quarters of his family. "Here is Johnny!" Speech by Jack Nicholson is timeless and unforgettable. But I also think that Shelly Duval, her script for searching Jack's “All Work” rant, also didn’t like me very much. it's unbelievable, it's an expression of horror, and you can see this fear on her face, realizing that her husband is insane. Another incredible scene - when Jack sees a ghostly woman in the bathroom, to be honest, this is one of the worst scenes in a horror movie. The reason why this film is so well known is that this film is about perfection, it was on The Simpsons, it was shown in other films and this is a film that will stay with you forever when you see it, trust me . <br /> 10/10
