Okay, okay, maybe not the best. I mean that with the Exorcist, Psycho and some others it’s hard to refuse, but the Shining is far away. This is by far the best story of Stephen King, which has been turned into a film. It's better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if not so scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, Dolores Claiborne better, better than Stand By Me (true, barely), and yes , it's better than Shawshank Escape (shut up better), I don't care what IMDb Top 250 says. <br /> <br /> I read that a couple of decades ago Stanley Kubrick was looking at novels in his house, trying to find one that could make a good movie, and from another room his wife would hear a knock of noise every half hour or so when he threw books at the wall in despair. Finally, for almost two hours she did not hear any noise, and when she went to check and see if he died in his chair or something like that (I say this with all due respect, of course), she found that he focused on The book he had in his hand, and the book was Radiant. And, thank God, too, because he turned this book into one of the best horror films ever. <br /> <br /> Stephen King can be thanked for the complexity of the story of a man who takes his wife and son to a distant hotel to watch for an extremely isolated winter when he works on his letter. Jack Nicholson can be thanked for his ruthless performance in the role of Jack Torrance (in how many films did Jack play where he plays a character named Jack?), As well as for his flawless delivery of several now famous roles (“Johnny Heeeer”). Shelly Duval can be thanked for giving a presentation that allows viewers to relate to Jack’s desire to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this excellent story with his very recognizable touch, and anyone who was the casting director can thank him for finding the most creepy twins on the planet who played the role of dead girls. <br /> <br /> One of the most significant aspects of this film, so that the story as a whole has the most significant effect, is isolation, and it is flawless. The film begins with a long scene that follows Jack when he goes to the old hotel to interview him for the work of the watchman for the winter. Soon he is followed by the same thing that follows Jack and his family as they ride the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time the scene is mixed with shots of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubrick managed to sneak in a quick guess about the evils of television, because Wendy is worried about the conversation about cannibalism before Danny, who says that everything is in order, because that he had already seen it on TV ("See? Everything is fine, he saw it on TV."). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect place for such a story, and its bloody past becomes even more frightening because of the huge, echoing rooms and long corridors. These rooms, with their echo, constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but it is the corridors that really created most of the dullness of this film, and the traditional Kubrick footage gives the corridors an eerie three-dimensional sensation. At the beginning of the film there is a famous trekking picture that follows Danny in a large circle when he drives through the halls on his Big Wheel (so called?) And his relative speed (and also the roar made by the wheel when he goes back and forth from parquet floors to floor mats), give the feeling that he does not know what is around the corner. And, being the story of Stephen King, you WAIT for what jumps at you. I think that the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the worst in the film) is when Danny plays on the floor and the ball rolls towards him slowly. He looks up and sees a long empty corridor, and, since the ball is something like a child's toy, you expect that it was those terrible creepy twins who rolled it towards him. Anyway, you understood. Shine is a damn scary movie. <br /> <br /> Besides the fact that “The Shining” has a rare quality horror film that does not suck, it has a very deep story that really makes you guess and leaves you with the feeling that there was something that you skipped it. Was Jack always there, as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was he at that ball in 1921, or is he just someone like him? If he was always the caretaker, as Mr. Grady said, does that mean that he was crazy and killed his wife and twin daughters, and not Mr. Grady, after all? The film clearly leaves unclosed ends, it's just mediocre filmmaking. For example, Amityville's Horror, which apparently copied most of the Shine in its subject matter, did it. But this is completely different when the film is presented in such a way that really makes you think (like basically all Kubrick films). Another thing we can all thank Stanley Kubrick for, and we MUST thank him for not throwing this book at the wall. This one cast would be a cinematic tragedy.
