An exciting, majestic piece of cinematic fright, this film combines all the great elements of an intellectual thriller with a great vision of a director who has the instinctive ability to tread on a capricious horror film in the sphere of his ingenious filmmaking, which includes an eye for an original picture, an icy soundtrack and a general feeling dehumanization. This film cuts through all the typical horror films, such as red poker with the human eye, because it allows the viewer to not only feel the violence and psychosis of his main character, but also to assess the seed from which the disorder originates. One of the most terrible things that people encounter is uncertainty, and this film presents the plot with this thought. The setting is perfect, in a deserted winter refuge. The silence of the moment is in itself a character, as the wandering aggressor in Jack Torrance's mind rolls into this simple and gives rise to the devil's new playground. I always felt that the presence of evil subsided in all of our minds, and only the circumstances at the moment and the reasons given in him were to wake up his cruel ass and pounce on unsuspecting victims. This film is an excellent example of this very thought. <br /> <br /> And this is in the subtle touches of this film, the rattle of the big wheel of a young boy riding through the empty corridors of the hotel, a labyrinth garden representing a fine line of reason between sane and insane, deliberately exaggerated discrepancies of Kubrick editing, continuity errors and many wrong arrangements in which we discover a world ruled by the righteous and tangible, but hijacked by the powerful and the unknown. I have never read the book on which the film is based, but without comparison, I can proudly say that this is one of the worst films I've ever seen. I thought that the length of the film could have been slightly shortened, but again, I am not one of the most recognized film directors in the history of the film, so maybe I should leave two cents for an excellent film for myself. In general, this film captures your attention with its grandiose form and vision, envelops you in some awful and eccentric direction, binds you and stabs in the heart with its cold gaze on the gaze of the missing person, the eerie atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
