Anthony McGarten adapted his play “Via Satellite” and made the best comedic film that had been coming out of New Zealand for a long time. Krissy Dunn (Daniel Cormac) quits her studies. She did not achieve much in recent years and was offended by her family after confessing her father. Her twin sister, Carol (also portrayed by Daniel Cormac), warms to the center of media attention as she represents New Zealand in swimming at the Olympics. The middle-aged director, without desires and despair (Brian Sergent) and his good-natured cameraman - who is also Chrissy's one-day tribune from the previous night - Paul (Karl Urban) takes the proudest moment of the Dann family; Watch as Carol swims to victory. It would not be so bad, but the Chrissy family is the embodiment of embarrassment. First of all, it is the matrima of Wellington Dann, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She prepares fabulous pastries and cocktail sausages for the most important film crew and refuses to change her position. Her eldest daughter Jen (Rima Te Viyata) is desperately trying to become something more than ordinary. She has a good house (the walls of the bedroom are painted in blackberry sherbet), expensive tastes and a nasty parasitic attitude to the match. She is also about 40, and she desperately needs a baby. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme), an electrician, forces himself to do work that does not need to be done ... and also the work that needs to be done, i.e. Jen. The middle daughter, Lin (Jodie Dorday, who won Best Supporting Actress at the New Zealand Film Awards for this image), is a “confused” cake that has a dubious history with Ken. The collision of both older sisters, the mother is able, Ken is as bad as Tim Tim Taylor, Carol feeds her Olympic desire, and Chrissy realizes that all this should be spilled out on national television - why shouldn't she be embarrassed? It is great to see some famous New Zealand faces playing in a suburban comedy that has witty lines to save. I loved sparring between Jen and Lin. One of them, like an adult Mona, my biological clock is ticking, the other is a drug addict who has what her sister wants - a bun in the oven. The climax of the film is quite sentimental and well done. The performances are fun, and the film works fine. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
