Lorna Green (Janine Raynaud) is an actress for wealthy intellectuals at a local club. She becomes a victim of her fantasies, because the promise of romantic breaks turns into murder, because she kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is possible that with the help of hypnotic suggestion, someone (... a possible master pulling the strings like a puppet) leads Lorna to murder those she encounters in secluded places just when it seems that making love about to start. After the murders in her fantasies are committed, Lorna wakes up in confusion, often not knowing whether what she knew in her dreams really happened. <br /> <br /> If someone asked me how to describe this particular work from Franco, I would say that it is elegant and difficult. By now, you’ve probably read other user comments, puzzled by what this film is about, because most of it is happening in a surrealistic dream atmosphere. Franco mentioned in an interview that at the beginning of his career, Godard had a strong influence on the style of filmmaking, and therefore decided to abandon the clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a completely different type of viewing. And, as you read through the reaction of user comments here ... just like this solution, others find the style laborious, boring and confusing. I will be the first to admit that the film is above my head, but even Franco himself, when he was interviewed by critics who watched Succubus, admitted that he did not even understand the film and directed it! Someone may say that Succubus was simply the forerunner of his more admired work Venus in Furs, considered his masterpiece French-faithful, because she also adopts a surrealistic, fairy structure where the main character does not know whether he / she is experiencing something real or imaginary. In a sense, like the protagonist, we experience the same type of confusion ... undoubtedly Succubus is an unconventional film industry where we are given no clues as to what exactly is happening. And most of the elusive dialogue does not help questions. “Succubus” is also populated by beatniks and “the poet is spoken,” over whom Corman’s film Bucket of Blood mocks. My personal favorite scene is teasing a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and the woman she meets at a chic party ... a rather strange fantasy sequence where dummies are used in a rather unusual way. Excellent locations and jazz score. I liked the movie myself, although I understand why it causes a negative reaction. I liked that one scene at a gorgeous party with Lorna, a little drunk, writhing on the floor in a gorgeous evening dress, when others who were present at the shinig (equally wasted), throw her into the arms of kisses.
