I have not seen all the films of Jess Franco, I have seen 5, I think, and there are more than 180 of them. So it may be too early to talk about it, but “Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden” (better known as “Succubus”, but this is an abbreviated version ), in my opinion, if not the best, certainly the best of Franco. Franco is best known (although “famous” may be slightly exaggerated) for “Vampiros Lesbos,” a strange cult film that gained more acclaim in the mid-90s when people learned that Jesse Franco was also an interesting composer. Through the soundtrack, the lucky few found this man and figured out what to expect when they saw the video clip “The Lion and the Cucumber” (“Vampyros Lesbos OST”): Jess Franco is a terrific director. When the phone rang during Vampiros, I called. I just wanted to see more of the movie. From that moment, Franco could never grab me so hard. But then I stumbled upon this movie. I think it's even better than Vampiros Lesbos. Franco is looking for what he can do with the story and the camera. We learn that he can do a lot. Of course, I did not expect to find the Necronomicon so great: its beginning did not make any impression on me. Remember, I saw Lesbos Vampiros before (although in chronological order, which appeared only three years later), and both films seem to start the same way. But then the story went on, puzzling and exciting, great camera work and what you would like to see Godard do if he were not so busy spreading his political messages. Later in the film I heard a dialogue about what kind of art was or was not old-fashioned. The man says that all films must be old-fashioned, because it will take weeks before viewers see what is being shot. But the girl replies that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard yesterday made films for tomorrow." Janine Raynaud - an interesting lead actress, and, of course, Howard Vernon, the permanent representative of Franco, is also present there. Fortunately, the acting is good (which can spoil you a lot of films about Franco, but not this one). But, of course, beware of the fake scene. Erotic tensions, wild direction and the fact that this is yesterday's movie of tomorrow, make it a movie that many people should watch. The fact that it is a bit more accessible than the “Vampiros Lesbos” certainly helps.
