Police, investigations, murders, suspicions: we are all so familiar with them in abundance of films. Most films are currently dealing with crime, which is believed to attract viewers to provide them with an exciting atmosphere. However, most thrill-seekers prefer to concentrate on the latest films of this kind, forgetting about old ones. However, it turns out that these people can easily be misled. The film, based solely on suspicion, can be very interesting now, despite the fact that he is over 20 years old ... This is GARDE A VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there a lot in this business? Not really, since the events presented in the film occur in a relatively short time. But the way they are performed is a big plus of the film. Jerome Charles Martino (Michel Cerro) is being investigated by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). This is New Year's Eve, a rainy evening and not very accurate for such a meeting. However, after the rape and murder of two children, at the dawn of the old year, the door of suspicion must finally be opened. In other words (cited in more detail from the film), it must be revealed who is really an evil wolf. To achieve this, you need to make a lot of effort, as well as a lot of emotions from both sides ... <br /> <br /> Some criticize the script for being too wordy. Nevertheless, I would ask them: what should be the investigation, if not a lot of questions and almost a lot of talk. This verbosity affects the very roots of the genre. This is by no means boring, but throughout the whole movie it makes you, as a spectator, as an observer, participate. In addition, the film contains well-made memories, as stories tell. Not too many, not too few of them - just enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable memories for me is when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martino's wife, talks about one beautiful Christmas ... But these memories also contain views of places, including the infamous beach. All this wonderfully helped me maintain the right pace. And since I saw GARDE A VUE, I always mention this film as one of the "defenders" of French cinema against accusations of disorder and chaos. <br /> <br /> But these already mentioned aspects may not please many viewers, because they may not like such films, and they still do not find the content and its performance satisfactory. However, GARDE A VUE is worth seeing for such people. What for? For the sake of speeches. But here do not expect me to praise Romy Schneider first of all. GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider car. She does an amazing job as a mother who is deep in despair because of a lost child. She faithfully portrays a person who is calm, concrete, who does not refuse the proposed cup of tea, but does not want to play with words. Her role, which includes deep conversations about life and debt, is brilliant, more credible than the overly melancholic role of Elsa in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. It is still valid. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Practically, it appears for the first time after 45 minutes of credits; She, as a wife and from a different point of view, symbolically comes with the New Year at midnight. Her role is purely supportive. Who is really swinging is Lino Ventura. He is a middle-aged inspector Antoine Gallien, who wants to know the truth, who knows that his questions are “rockets” in relation to another interlocutor, but does not hesitate. He is an inspector who, being married three times, knows the female psyche perfectly. He is the one who considers his work not a game, but a real service. Finally, he is a man who does not consider it abnormal to sit on New Year's Eve. Michel Cerro also expresses great fear, especially in the final scenes of the film. But thanks to Mr. Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> With regard to memorable moments, this is not the film in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole film is memorable, it should be watched more than once, and it should be felt with its atmosphere and, which I did not speak about before, with great music. For me, the conversation between Shantal and Inspector Gallien is the most brilliant, flawless moment. You are there with two characters, you experience their state of mind, if you delve into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VUE is a very interesting film that must be seen by thrill-seekers and performance lovers. The new year has come and ... is it easier to open the door now? You will find out when you decide to watch an unforgettable film by Claude Miller. 8/10
