We, the fans of Ed Wood, tend to be obsessed in the first place, but this film, in particular, led me to the level of a fan-house, to which I had never approached! One of the most thrilling sensations of non-core cinematography - at least, as far as I understand, is the pleasure of unclear excavations. I remember when I was a teenager I really wanted to see Eddie's “Revenge of the Dead” (a.k.a. “Night of Ghouls”), which at that time was vaulted for several decades. In the same way, such secret masterpieces of low-budget film production as “Night to dismember” Doris Wishman, or half of the works of Jesus Franco! Nevertheless, in recent years, videos and DVDs show that these once indescribable treasures are almost TOO accessible — even for those of us who are on the “wrong” (!) Side of the Atlantic .... <br /> <br /> And then, here, it was “I woke up early in the day when I died” - a film that MUST be so “big”, but which disappeared on the air even before Fangoria published the first rather long article about him, which first aroused my appetite The 1990s NEED was a hard-to-find film that would REALLY really be worth tracing: and this to be sure of it ... I don’t really want to add too many comments on all these wonderful aspects of the film - its cool, but at the same time kitschy an acting film, its obsessive but often hallucinogenic visual effects, its amazing moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of the French cinematographic works of the 1920s) and surrealism, or even its stunningly memorable soundtrack - because it contains all Nai more eloquently described here by other users. <br /> <br /> I want to briefly mention the pleasure that I also received from searching for some obscure artifacts associated with this almost-lost for us — fortunately — not-quite-a-film! I think that the German video that I shot on a cold winter day in Cologne is now quite well known to ed Wood followers. It is also known that a poster was released for the film. However, fortunately, there is still something to find !!! Firstly, there are several reviews in the German THEATRAL release of the film - I used several of them in my translation lessons, trying to “humiliate” my students ... some of these reviews are a positive response to the film. The artistic and entertainment value - and the most interesting - is that most critics put it right in the American trash and European art house traditions. Secondly, there is a Larry Group score that can be obtained from the person himself - many of the tracks have a truly emotional impact on the listener, especially if you reflect on the status of the film currently “vaulted” and grow a little melancholy at the same time. Finally - for now - I want to mention the SOUNDTRACK promo track, which Cinequanon has released in extremely limited quantities. TAKE, EARN, TALK, KILL or do what you need if you have the opportunity to purchase one of them !!!!!! There are 14 tracks from the film, including Erta Kitt's ballad, the late Darcy Clay "Jesus I Was Evil" (two versions of which are also available on a CD from New Zealand, although this is another story again!) Christina Ricci, as well as these amazing techno drops from Minty and ZHV (the last of which is Billy Z's own techno group) ..... <br /> <br /> Get obsessed - let Ed Wood control your life.
