This 1998 film was based on the script of the late Edward D. Wood, a script in which there is NO dialogue in the tradition of films such as THE THIEF. While most of Wood's work consisted of bizarre low-budget recordings in various genre-cinematographic traditions, his first released feature, “GLEN OR GLENDA,” was indeed a far-sighted attempt to express the ineffable with primitive avant-garde technicians. I woke up early, the day I died represents This side of the experimenter Ed Wood, although this film is a comedy (horrible comedy, however!), While the theme of dressing in GLEN OR GLENDA was taken by Wood so seriously that it wasn’t places for comedy. From the first few seconds of this film, I knew that I was being taken to a new cinematic world, and I could not compare this world with anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, sound, music, photography, etc. - is revolutionary on any number of levels. In particular, although there is no “dialogue” in the film, there are all kinds of sounds, as well as “language”, but you will have to see how this is done on your own, since the cunning and surprising methods provide a level of excitement in everything. The Glen or Glenda-esque method (Jlen-esque), which allows to compare spare shots for surreal effects, works well in the film and is minimized. The whole movie is played with a hysterical slant, and Billy Zane demonstrates an amazing performance, demonstrating what a brilliant comedian and actor he is. In a fair world, he would be given some reward for this performance. He even looks like Ed Wood, and in the role of Zayn this character at different times is funny, sloppy, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes at the same time !!!). What a shame that this film got into trouble with the law and never received a North American theatrical or video release just by playing a few festivals. Right now, this is only available for video in Germany (in fact, my copy from a German source - excerpts from Wood’s script, which are displayed on screen from time to time, are translated into German, although the headlines of newspapers (it's great in Wood’s tradition of using low-cost feed technology). plot elements, especially those that would be too expensive to shoot, in newspaper headlines), which Zayn sees in English). I think that this film could get word of mouth if it was shown at midnight in some major cities with some careful advertising. And if playing outside the city outside the city, slowing down on a feature film, it could be good. In fact, if legal issues can be resolved, I would suggest that the film still be given a theatrical release, especially the “cult” release of MIDNIGHT. This is a classic wait to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Did I "understand" every scene? No, but I “felt” every scene emotionally. Does everything "work" in the film? Probably no. I only saw it twice, and when I first saw it, I was interrupted several times. However, since all the garbage from the assembly line plays multiplexes and so many “alternative” films that are fetishistic or pretentious that school films are being filmed on video, we need real Hollywood experiments like this. Bob Dylan’s recent film Masked and Anonymous had the same chance as something like Steven Soderbergh’s Full Front. This film can find an audience much more than any of them. If you read this review in a few years and the idea of ​​this film sounds intriguing, see if it has ever been released on video. You will not be bored. Invite your friends ... to have a party. Play the stunning LOUD soundtrack. I have the feeling that, wherever he is in the afterlife, Ed Wood is happy with this film and feels that his unique vision was somewhat justified and confirmed by the creation of this film. Wood probably also laughs at the fact that, as he always seemed to get bad changes in life, the film, shot in memory of him after his death was filed in legal proceedings, and remains unreleased in the country of its creation.
