So, I know about this movie because of my friend in it, and I actually visited the set when they were shooting, so from a personal point of view, I was intrigued to finally see this obscure little gem. If you dig into the information about this film, you will find that it got into trouble with the law (even 7 years after filming), so if you are not at all like me - then you will do everything possible to get a copy. My source? Ebay About $ 15, but I felt torn, because when I received it by mail today, it was a very rough, grainy copy of the ONLY SCREEN release, complete with an annoying mini-timecode, but, alas, I still could enjoy it, but not just as if I had a proper copy, what I suggest you get, if you want to get the full impact that this film may or may not have on you. From what I learned, it was released on DVD in Germany, and now in Spain. With this, good luck and happy search / bidding ...;). The / sndtrk score is worth it alone. Very eclectic and diverse (something rare nowadays IMHO in the film) - I think this will be my next sndtrk / account to find, but I digress ... <br /> <br /> Now for a review. The film begins with the fact that the character Billy Zane introduces a nurse to a mental hospital, in which he appears to be locked up. He steals her clothes (even shoes) and quickly turns into a series of detentions of a bank / loan shop, but after escaping with loot. Well, I think this is where the “plot” begins - he carelessly loses it. After committing several unceremonious crimes and injuries to various celebrities from A to C to find the money, he somehow ends up in the graveyard where the funeral takes place - I think for the dead guy he shoots in the loan / bank office, and even though the police cars of the 1950s and the police constantly searched for him — they never notice or bite him. (He sees daily newspapers reporting on his "crimes"). I liked it because it gave the thin story a sequel. In the end, this is FILM (see: fiction) and director Iris Iliopoulos does what I think everything is possible: 1) to realize Wood’s plan and 2) to give him an updated feeling, with pictures of authentic police cars 50 -years intertwined with ahhh, local stores LA.99 $ - well, and from here my 9th rating. If the period and the props were genuine - I would give him 10. Now this in itself looks rather strange, and I will not spoil it to anyone, but let's just say that the final is somewhat disappointing for me, for me, he had a promise action and comedy are all the way up, so ... with ALL they said - place a copy at your own discretion. <br /> <br /> Just understand this, because there is no dialogue (except for some narration and singing) it might be in your alley — maybe not — but I definitely think it's worth seeing. All the actors make great performances, and only the discrepancy in the correct plays of that period really made me crave just this correction - then I would say, by all means check out this movie, because it doesn't look like these studios release these days (or will be in the future too) I'm sure.
