To finally see what many consider to be the best movie about women in prison in all time, I felt that I had done something as ridiculous as it sounds. The boy, of course, contained the elements I expected, and delivered much more. The constant thing that I find in these films is the toughness and determination of the actresses in the roles of prisoners preparing to escape, while their threshold, tolerance and determination (not to mention sanity) are checked by their superiors. Although most of them were hired for how they look naked, because the nature of the genre requires such unreasonable elements, something else appears, other attributes, such as attitude and courage, to which I end up responding. <br /> <br /> This, as you probably know too well, was Demme’s debut for his mentor Roger Corman, and he gives the target audience exactly what they want, while putting their stamp on the process. For example, there are strange dreams that some characters have that determine their current psychological states (... there is a special number with the participation of warden Barbara Steele, where she reminded me of Alex de Bolshoy about A Clockwork Orange). <br /> <br /> In the film, female prisoners are planning a daring escape, weary of the crazy antics of their boss with a wheelchair and her psychotic prison doctor Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown - Maggie, a tough, sassy sister who is tired of the environment and will do everything she can to get out. She is the only one whom all girls are afraid to cross. Erica Gavin - Jacqueline Wilson, the newest prisoner who was arrested by the police and sentenced for the murder of a police officer, not wanting to give the names of those with whom she was associated. Roberta Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomaniac, Pandora's best friend (Ella Reid). Bell becomes Randolph’s obsession that promises Superintendent McQueen (Steele) that with the help of a surgical intervention he can eliminate her propensity for violence. By exposing her, Randolph takes nude photos and sodomizes her, whimpering like a little girl, because of her own mental flaws, hugging her naked body with her hands. Cheryl Rainbow Smith - Lavel, life prison for killing scum, a relative of which was a senator. Lavel gets a job at the Randolph office and is responsible for associating his dirty antics with Pandora. Demme effectively turns the film into the expected final as a planned breakthrough, using those behind the various injuries sustained by the prisoner as hostages when the shot hit. <br /> <br /> I was very impressed with the photographic work. For a long time I collaborated with Demme, cinematographer Tak Fuhimoto, as he is able to set some visually exciting moments in the narrow confines of the prison, cameras and rooms, a difficult task. The prison is hostile, respectively, and the girls, despite their attractiveness, look at that part of the desperate prisoners who yearn, yearning for the very pits of their souls, to avoid such a terrible trap. Steele is great as a boss, understanding how to get closer to the role without going deep, is frankly able to express the insanity of her depressed character in restraint ... notice how she works in her glasses and sits down without exploding. especially when she has some contempt for having a balance on the edge. Kayle's blues score is incredibly depressing, and also makes the audience wink that the film is still funny and funny ... I think that Kayle’s result reflects the processing of Demme's material. The Kayla and Demme partnership is a supernatural alliance that presents the setting as a sad, isolating, despotic place, and at the same time almost simultaneously demonstrates a humorous tone that permeates the vibrant atmosphere thanks in part to the cast. My favorite scene is happening outside the prison, as our two girls (... joining forces with the third) interrupt the bank robbery that is already happening ... Kicker, it was the bank they planned to rob! As you would expect, you get naked women in solitary confinement, cat fights, gunfights, escape attempts that go wrong, and other exploitative elements (such as a terrible shock therapy session, not excluding the shocking aforementioned sequence where winding dock takes advantage of belle). Interestingly enough, Demme tells the film to viewers without pretension, understanding what kind of film he was shooting.
