Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for Roger Corman's legendary outfit “New World Pictures” is highly regarded as one of the best classic puppet toys of the 70s that ever created celluloid. Beauteous Russ Meyer sturgeon Eric (Fox, For Dolls Valley) Gavin gives you reliable, winning performance as a brazen, resilient new fish that does its best to persist in a dirty, hellish prison. Always incredible Barbara Steele offers a delightfully evil image as a vile, crippled, sexually defeated warden (her erotic dream of a slow, rich striptease in front of imprisoned ladies is a real nonsense). The long-time favorite actress of B-movie of the 70s Robert (“The Arousers”, “Wicked Rollers”) Collins makes a cheerful and audacious turn in the form of a cheerful forward evil cryptomaniac criminal who tells a dirty joke about Pinnokio. Linda Gold (a.k.a. Kristin Sinclair from Eaten Alive by Tobe Hooper and Rubin by Curtis Harrington) debuts in the movie as the free wild cat of Crazy Alice. And the ever-pleasant Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith makes a beautiful, touching repetition of her fragile, frightened innocent role from "Lemora: A Children's Tale of the Paranormal." <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that this picture gives a lot of rude expressions, naked people, rape and violence, it is, nevertheless, by no means a typical coarse and sexist piece of grim, meaningless dirt; The film very effectively uncovers many ways in which men brutally exploit women, and strongly advocates the feminist concept that women can overcome any obstacles if they come together in a group so that they can bravely confront their misogynistic oppressors as one powerful fighting force. Demme's piquant, gullible leadership is permeated with a magnificent abundance of astutely observable random details and delightful moments of exciting and unusual human behavior. Moreover, both the bright cinematography of So Fujimoto and the bizarrely blue John Keil's amazingly voluptuous blues are 100% superb. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in a terrifying monstrous warrior with a cheap rubber monster "Moonbeast Trail") has a breakaway bit as a jerky cop who stole his car a trio of fugitives from prison when he stops at a gas station to use in the bathroom. "Caged Heat" is a lively, incendiary and insanely pleasant film - absolutely necessary for watching movies of the 70s.
