The premise for this film was that it focused on the polarization of ideologies in the United States. It was a very flammable scenario in America, when two completely different cultures collided. Why are such vile actions justified? .. As this film represents the scene (while Hicock and Smith drank), these two men were not intoxicated and were not under any influence of drugs !! This was a clear case of cold and measured discussion. In fact, these violent actions were the end result of emotional and social neglect ... At any time after 1975, we, as a nation, had sympathy for the evasive ones who were victims of their environment ... However, this incident occurs in 1959! This terrible revelation confused us and plunged the nation into the wheel of contradictory ethics !! With the recent release of the film "Capote" based on Truman Capote, who was the creator of the documentary film "In Cold Blood", the Americans have raised a new charm of this film !! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this film ... That seems appropriate, given the fame with which he was associated with his personal life !! "In cold blood" is focused on the element of the inexplicable ... There was no revenge, there was no material benefit that would have been acquired, there was also no potential for social advancement, it is just an example of a hidden and treacherous Militant anger that ends, of course, does not justify the means !! The situational diatribes Hiccock and Smith complained about have always been mixed !! In these circumstances, why then should they be disappointed about an anonymously unsuspecting and innocent family in Kansas? .. Will Gere (Walton's grandfather) plays a lawyer who is sick of this act of eerie moodiness !! His argument is completely convincing ... His statement is that "these two people who have not shown any mercy are now asking you." This is a logical line that will induce me to pronounce a sentence if I become one of the jury members !! Absolute contempt for your plight in life does not justify organizing a serious crime !! It was Capote's instincts that dictated that such an abnormal act of violence should have been brought to the attention of the American public !! As it turned out, it was a harbinger of future events ... "In Cold Blood" did just that !! This incident was calm before the storm associated with the relevant aspect of the emergence of the radical 1960s !! Such a deadly charade also served to understand the isolated interests that besieged many typical Americans in the future !!! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote does a great job of authenticating this wild incident with his book (which was a bestseller), and with this documentary ... Playing this film by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, and such people , like John Forsyth, was incredible !! Director Richard Brooks (“The Cat on the Hot Tin Roof”, “The Jungle of the Chalkboard”, “Elmer Gantry” and “The Key Largo” and many others!) Was outstanding in their joint efforts in this film !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in cinema history! The film depicts two reprehensible evils of depravity, which delve into the insane theatrical figures and turn out to be charming banal pleasures for recognition at the derogatory national level !! .... This film reveals the psychological discontent that spurs a growing mass of counterculture providers of violence !! The ideology of our nation is now incredibly different than in 1959 !! This film introduces Americans to the emotional and vacillating criminals who initiated such shaky metamorphoses in our common value system !! I recommend to everyone that they see this film ... "In Cold Blood" was the focus of the film "Capote"! Think about it, making a film about a film is a rare and coveted award in Hollywood! In the case of “In Cold Blood”, this is an extreme example of a film that is violently clairvoyant, intellectually elevates, and, of course, it goes without saying, “In Cold Blood” was absolutely fascinating, as well as an absolutely wonderful movie !!
