Easily included in the top ten films of the 20th century. “Cold Blood” is gorgeous in the simplicity and realism of storytelling and absolutely fascinating. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake leaves with the film. It seems that the story is presented almost entirely from the point of view of Perry, despite the fact that Dick is the leader and planner of the couple. The viewer will invariably perceive Dick as more unstable, immature and, as a rule, feel that Perry would not drag him into this nightmare, except Dick and his need to be someone and achieve great results. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story with special attention to accuracy, “In Cold Blood” tells about the cruel and senseless killing of a rural Kansas family on one cold, windy night, because Dick got carried away by a century-old rural myth about prosperous farmers who have Safe with money in their house. As the “prosecutor” (the character who is not given a name in the script), played by Will Gere, is insightful, their lives are bought for as little as $ 10 a head. Director Richard Brooks wisely decides not to share with us the horrific details of the killings until the end of the film, before that we only know that this happened and watch the life of Dick and Perry slowly fall apart when they try to escape, not only being detained by law enforcement agencies, but also Perry's own ever-growing sense of impending doom. He constantly makes comments: “No one will ever get away with such a thing” and “I can't help but think that we have left something that belongs to us”. Dick is neither mature nor moral enough to feel any overwhelming guilt for his crime, only Perry’s irritation. Indeed, after being caught, Dick breaks down first and suddenly loses consciousness when he is finally confronted with irrefutable evidence that puts two men at the crime scene. I felt a little sorry for Perry from the very beginning of the film, and even more so as events developed, but I only hated Dick. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is an attractive manner in which the story unfolds played. We do not think for a moment that we are watching how the actors portray characters, but we are watching the real actors and the events when they occurred. The story is implacable, mocking, the running time, a little more than two hours, seems like a few minutes. <br /> <br /> For those of you who are interested in such things, I noticed a couple of “Fools” listed here on the IMDb page for In Cold Blood are incorrect or exaggerated. For example, the "inverted" process, filmed at the beginning of the film, when Dick and Perry ride over the bridge to Kansas. To begin with, this is not even a technological shot, the camera is actually located in the back seat, and the image you see behind the windshield of the car is real. A large truck, located to the left of Don's Pontiac, creates an optical illusion that they are moving backwards because it is moving at a faster speed, but on closer inspection it turns out that they are really moving forward, and this is an actual picture taken from a moving vehicle . <br /> <br /> As I said, this is one of the ten best works of cinema of the 20th century, not recommended for the smallest due to some language discipline and implied and perceived violence (in fact, this is not so modern film resorted to), but quite an excellent film.
