The real crime story behind In Cold Blood may seem a bit "tamed" for those who dislike the classic serial killer stories (Hein, Bundy, Dahmer) or just the more notorious cases in Hollywood (OJ, Manson). ). The material facts don't come down to something terribly confusing: Perry Smith and Dick Hicock (playing here, respectively, Robert Blake and Scott Wilson) met with luck, conspired to rob a mans farmhouse in Kansas, and after the murder, a family of four people with a gun and the dagger went off with 43 dollars. In addition to their return to the United States after a brief flight to Mexico, the resolution also doesn’t have many mysteries. They were captured with an ironic blow (the policeman followed them and stopped them for having their car stolen after Smith and Hiccock helped the boy and his old man to collect the bottles for surrender), and sentenced to be hanged by the neck until death. . The story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it’s the processing of the story, the moments of the dispute, the performances, the purely cinematic touch that Brooks and his absolutely amazing (late / great) DP Conrad Hall provide in a clear widescreen black and white, and a style of narration that seems realistic, without going into too much naturalism or too much melodrama (except, perhaps, towards the end, which is ideal for sound). The air of tragedy hangs over history, and not so much because of the killings themselves, no matter how cruel they are, like the “third” person who is imagined as the narrator, Smith and Hiccock, unite, but because of the inevitability of history . You feel somehow these criminals, who in any other hands would be just ordinary figures or something from a B-movie. These are not good people, but they are also not necessarily monsters, at least all the way. <br /> <br /> This is also a great “road movie” when we see Smith and Hikkok on the way down. to Clutter Residence (the actual night scene of the crime at the end of the film), then to Mexico, then back to America in the direction of Las Vegas. We can absorb the identity of these two, perhaps even more than the police detectives, who first have no traces, and then finally get a break from the prisoner. In fact, it is a bit disturbing when you approach these two (something like the aimless quality of Malick's Badlands characters), and it is also a sign of the courage of this period. There is no sermon, like "he did it because of both." We see how Smith had an abusive, psychotic father, but Smith loved and hated him. The complexity of the film is too great, maybe even too great for the book Capote (which, I must admit, I have not read, although I plan). And we see that Hiccock is a creature of clever confidence (that is, getting a suit and other things with bad checks), but without any deeply ingrained explanation for all this. <br /> <br /> The band of fatalism in In Cold Blood is one of the harshest of the 60s, and Brooks was lucky that he has stars in Blake’s role in his outstanding performance (this is Lost Highway, no matter how strangely, given his real-life saga in recent years, his most significant role in the work piece), and Wilson’s breakthrough before becoming a character actor. Although they are surrounded by excellent support work, they themselves are terribly absorbing, driven by more or less greed and fantasies of escaping treasure, and remain largely grounded in their situation on death row and at their ends. Is this the morale of history, if it can be, that it is more terrible to face the possibility that the murderers cannot be classified, how good against evil is smeared? Smith apologized for his crime before he was hanged, and he points out: “but to whom?” This is a story that should give the most avid fans of a true crime a true cold, and perhaps this is the best American film of 1967.
