Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hicock believe that Mr. Clutter of Holcomb in Kansas holds a large supply of cash in a safe. On November 15, 1959, at two o'clock in the morning, they end up killing Mr. and Mrs. Clutter and their son and teenage daughter. After a small police investigation, two people were found and sentenced to be hanged. In the film "Cold Blood" (1967), directed by Richard Brooks. Now I have not read the Truman Capote novel on which this film is based, so I cannot compare. The film brilliantly tells about the terrible events that really happened. Robert Blake plays the role of Perry. Of course, a few years ago, Blake dealt with murder after being accused. kill your wife. Now he is free, but we still do not know the truth. Whatever it is, he is still a very good actor. Scott Wilson copes with the role of Hikak. John Forsyth is amazing, like Alvin Dewey. Paul Stewart is very good as Jensen. Jeff Corey is amazing as Mr. Hickock. The same with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith. John MacLeam portrays Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey his wife Bonnie, Brenda Kerrin the daughter of Nancy, and Paul Hough the son of Kenyon. Great job each of them. There is a lot to remember from this movie. Let's start from the beginning It’s very cool when Perry wants to go hunting for gold in Mexico and says to Hikoku: do you remember Bogart in the Sierra Madre Treasure? “And Blake himself was in this movie as a kid! And this is a funny moment when, driving up this boy and his grandfather, they collect the bottles and give them away for money. These darker moments are the most intrusive. The sequence of memories where you see the killings occur is extremely scary. When Perry goes to kill the girl, Nancy is in the end, and she says: “Oh, please, don't.” ... Man’s brutality cannot be explained. Then a hanging scene. First comes Hicock and then Perry. We'll talk to the minister first. In the last shot of the film, we see Perry beating on the end of the rope. Of course, movies and books may try to sympathize with these villains. Especially the Perry character is the one you might regret. He thinks of his mom and dad, whom he hates, but still loves. But this does not change the fact that both of these actors depict these actors - brutal killers who do not feel sorry for anyone. They go to this house and kill the whole family, in cold blood. How could you sympathize with these people?
