When I matured, my passion for Oscar awards grew from intense interest to casual entertainment. As in several other comments I wrote, the strange results of voting for Academy awards are often difficult to explain. The omission of "In Cold Blood" in 1967 as one of the five nominees for "The Best Picture" is one of those inexplicable cases, especially when one of the nominations this year went to the poor and invisible "Doctor Dolittle." While only insomnia or a masochist can tune in to this Rex Harrison disaster, the powerful adaptation of Truman Kapots Richard Brooke’s science fiction novel retains the ability to grab the viewer's attention and leaves him or her completely drained after the final disappearance. Although there is nothing particularly graphic or horrible on the screen, the film is definitely adult material. Based on multiple murders in Nebraska in the 1950s and filmed in the places where the murders were committed, the film "In Cold Blood" was filmed by the main filmmaker Conrad Hall in black and white, and his screen compositions require that they be seen correctly . widescreen aspect ratio. Coupled with Quincy Jones' anxious score, Hall’s work should have been marked on the title by Brooke’s script as the three pillars on which this tense classic is built. The performances are also good. Scott Wilson is covered in cold charm, and Robert Blake is in the introversion of two murderers. (At some point there is an inner joke when Blake talks about Bogart and Sierra Madre's Treasure when the duo goes to Mexico. As a child star, Blake sold Bogart’s lottery ticket to this John Houston film.) The film, like the book , it is definitely aimed at the killers and has the slope of the anti-death penalty, although the mercilessness of the killers somewhat negates this feeling, despite the final scenes that are difficult to watch. Some criticize the film for focusing on the criminals, their origins and lives, while the Clutter family, literally killed in cold blood in the middle of the night, looks like one-dimensional characters of small importance. This lack of balance comes from the book, since Capote spent a lot of time with two murderers while they were on death row. The Clutters family, apparently, was not investigated to the same depth. However, whatever feelings you may have experienced towards or against the death penalty, “In Cold Blood,” you immerse yourself in conflicting thoughts. Start a double count with the Walking Dead, and you can not talk for several days.
