In 2006, In the Cold Blood — the thrilling thriller of 1967 — two new interesting contexts appeared that were not there before. First and foremost, his star, Robert Blake, was recently tried for the murder of his wife. Secondly, a recent biopic about the conquest of the Oscars, “Capote,” showed the intricate story about this haunting author Truman Capote’s true criminal history. These two new turns make the film relevant for the modern audience. <br /> <br /> As an independent film of its era, “In Cold Blood” is top notch in every way. Most notable is the amazing black and white cinematography from Conrad Hall (later known as “American Beauty” and “Road to Death”). Many shots of this film about a farmhouse in Kansas at night or tree-lined country roads can be sold as artistic photographs. In conjunction with director Brooks and great editing in the early scenes (where we see how the everyday everyday life of an innocent family is going to be meaninglessly killed, perfectly intertwined with the plot of two unfortunate killers), the rich atmosphere of reflection created, which creates the ground for an exciting wait (even when everyone knows how it all ends due to the fact that it is all based on real events). It is also great to see in our time how brilliantly you can imagine the scene of a heartbreaking murder, where the graphic essence of the act is subconsciously transmitted to the viewer without a drop of blood shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film is also linked by the terrible performance of Robert Blake as the more sympathetic, but senselessly cruel side of the murderous duo. Memories of his terrible childhood are made very well. Then there is a scene at the end of the film, where he talks to the reverend before being sent to the gallows, and he makes his last “confession”, so to speak. This is one of those classic moments in the cinema, which is the perfect combination of a tough game, excellent writing, flawless direction and exciting photography. I dare you to erase from your mind the stern image of the reflection of rain from a window flowing down Robert Blake’s pale face instead of real tears. <br /> <br /> The only thing that gets in the way of “In cold blood” is the slow moving average act, where the killers are on the run, and the coercive nature of social commentary is at the end. The tied political message of the death penalty is secondary to his convincing depiction of crazy killers and their prey.
