Although it was released back in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD still remains the benchmark against which all films about real crimes are compared. The old writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) turned Truman Capote's popular science book into daunting documentation that remains disturbing even today, thirty-five years later. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake and Scott Wilson portray Perry Smith and Dick Hicock, two former prisoners who, on the advice of old cellmate Hickock Floyd Wells, broke into Herbert Clutter’s house in Kansas, Kansas, in search of a wall safe that allegedly contained 10,000 dollars. But no safe was found, and instead two men killed Mr. Klatter, his wife and two children, all they needed was radio, binoculars and lousy forty dollars. Two months on the run, including aimless "holidays" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when the police caught them in a stolen car. But in the end, after merciless criticism from Kansas law enforcement officers, it turned out that these two people had committed this heinous crime at Holcombe. They were convicted on four counts of murder and stewed in prison during a five-year period of appeals and denials, until both were executed on April 14, 1965. <br /> <br /> Blake and Smith are absolutely two passionless killers who don’t regret what they did but are concerned that they will be caught. John Forsyth is also a good coper with the role of Alvin Dewey, the chief detective investigating the crime, as is Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is true to Capote’s book and a good artistic gambit, Brooks does not show murder from the very beginning; instead, he shows two assassins approaching the Clutters home when the last light goes out, then moves on to the next morning and the terrifying body detection. Only during the trip back to Kansas, when Forsyth interrogates Blake and tells the story, do we see the real horror of what happened that night. We do not see much blood shed in these scenes, but we don’t need it. Shotgun shots and a frightened look at the faces of the Clutters, when they know that they are about to die, are more than enough alarming, so there is no need to resort to the clearly bloody violence in the slash film. <br /> <br /> Brooks was wisely shot in black and white in COLD BLOOD, and the results are excellent thanks to Conrad Hall's experience. Quincy Jones's exciting jazz score is a capper. The end result is one of the most disturbing films ever created, destructive in its modest manner. This is a 134-minute investigation of the crime that shocked the whole state and even the whole nation, and it should be seen, although it is recommended at the discretion of the viewer; rating "R" exists for a reason.
