For any person with moderate sensitivity, a moderate sense of human and humane condition, for anyone who is able to rise above the Hollywood level, for anyone who is satisfied with watching a movie in which there is no Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes series that explode the brain because of this or because of him who goes to bed, with whom, for anyone whose intellectual level attains the ability to understand, sympathize, comprehend, laugh, cry With natural gentle, warming the soul cheerful, compassionate HUMAN creatures, Le Huitième Jour is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael did not achieve just a masterpiece that would be too simplified; he achieved one of those rare monumental works of art in the cinematic world that defies any kind of encapsulation. Is this a drama? This is a comedy? No, this is the story of Georges, an amazing, funny, pathetic, funny, scared, beautiful man suffering from Downs syndrome. This is a story in which you laugh through tears, but this is not one of those classic tears; This film moves through a world in which you immediately mix your feelings of compassion, pity or even shame with feelings of admiration, warmth and even love. Harry’s successful banking services vendor runs into Georges: they both went in opposite directions with completely opposite ideas, problems and priorities; Van Dormael skillfully turns these two unlikely people into a warm friendship, but it is much more than the friendship of those who have a beer in the future. These are relationships that develop into a deep need for both in the other. Quasi-surreal scenes fit perfectly: Georges recalls (or invents) past scenes of his life while he sleeps or sleeps; even the almost phantasmagoric final scene is absolutely true. The only scene that may be considered a little out of place is when they steal a bus and drive it out of the showrooms. However, this does not detract from the whole. This film is a monument. Even if your French is not so much, please do not forget to see it with subtitles. Le Huitième Jour is worth it. As for everything else, just read the following comments ?? I go along with all of them. This film is joy, it is magnificent, it is unique. If you have seen “Rain”, which I think is an excellent film, you should see this one: it’s much better because it doesn’t have the superficial appearance of famous Hollywood world famous actors; does he have Pascal Duken and Daniel Othey ?? TEN Oscars for these two and three more for Jaco Van Dormael. What's the difference????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating does not drop under voltage. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Introductory!
