This film has all the dimensions and grandeur of many great biblical epics of the 1950s and 60s. But this is also, perhaps, the first thing that really humanizes the biblical characters themselves. The best thing about it is that it does not diminish them in the eyes of the viewer. This is a unique and convincing balance that helps us realize that even great people like David are evil people who find their faith and greatness in overcoming their shortcomings. <br /> <br /> All the actors in the film are first-class from Gilbert Barnett as David's second son, Absolom, to the wonderful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward at his best in this film. Her own true, but more ambitious than the acting style of the game, is at home here. She is always a seductress, but she plays the part so that you sympathize with her. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey copes with the role of the prophet Nathan. As a child, when I first saw the film, Messi seemed to really speak with the Lord himself, and it was an amazing sight. Without a doubt, great music written by the always awesome Alfred Newman, who also made great strides in other biblical epics, such as "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story Ever Told", and also, perhaps, in another 100 other films, contributed to this! Leon Shamroi's filming is well done and adds to the size, but also the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a truly underrated director who, like William Wyler, never really hid himself in any one genre, combines more than life production that never loses sight of the love story between David and Bathsheba and his deep battle with faith. in god. The tread path in this film might be very unreliable, but King always makes it real and interesting. In addition, we never lose our sense of mystery by trying to understand the will of God, just as David himself struggles with the same. From the first scene where a soldier dies, trying to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan’s answer (paraphrasing) that no one can understand the will of God. This is a journey that we are taking, down to a powerful finale, where David is finally confronted with himself. <br /> <br /> Finally, this film belongs to Gregory Peck, remarkable as King David. His David is a man who can be trusted to rule the country mercilessly, but once he was a faithful singer of psalms. This is one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> I no longer see this movie on TV, but when I watch it, I never stop watching it. I think today is still very good.
