In David and Bathsheba there is no shortage of bad dialogue? "I had a real hand with a slingshot," "The king of all Israel is there in the dark, exposing himself to the enemy" (a full assessment of Dennis Huey for delivering him with a straight face), "Go and sit down with the concubine." And for some reason I doubt that the bored David ever said to the prophet Nathan: "Whatever you say." He even tries the old routine “My kingdom does not understand me” on a desperate housewife of Bathsheba. So, probably, this is a tribute to Henry King’s instructions that the film is not bad at all, despite the pitfalls that exist in the first third of the film. Maybe this is the censor character of the plot ?? A married man kills the fatal woman's husband and gets away with it! ?? but King reveals the growing moral and theological difficulties in Philip Dunn’s script, rather than raising hokum’s sin and sandals. This controversial David on the mountainside, abandoned by a vengeful God, whom he no longer understands, and the film does not back down from awkward irrefutable questions about why a loving deity would like to take revenge on an innocent rather than guilty one law, where the failure of husbands lead to the punishment of their wives. <br /> <br /> Unlike King David, who pushed the king aside, admittedly more. Interestingly, Saul, David stands firmly in the center of the drama, and despite an interesting demonstration of twitching his shoulders and frankly ruthless close-up during a visit the places of death of Saul and Jonathan, the performance of Gregory Peck is getting higher as David grows. Susan Hayward is a purely Hollywood professional, Raymond Massey is an appropriately theatrical prophet (why be a naturalist when you have a voice that causes an earthquake?) hurt him, but, despite the threat of soft investments, the film does not allow David to morally get out of prison for his death. With an amazingly strong but subdued design and tech-color photography, it’s definitely head and shoulders above most of the biblical epics of the 40s-50s. <br /> <br /> Fox's new DVD is a good program, including an incredibly boorish “frank” backstage short film and a trailer with short shots taken from a single movie scene.
