This film is known for several qualities: a literate script, this time in partly religious filmmaking by Philip Dunn, several very good performances, first-class production in each branch and his intellectual leadership by veteran Henry King. If someone made the film, then getting such talents as Leon Shamroy as a filmmaker, Lyle Wheeler as art director and Alfred Newman as a composer of original music would guarantee quality production. Add the cast of this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the main characters, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kiron Moore, Jane Meadows and John Sutton, as well as the dance of Gwen Verdon, and you can expect that the resulting film can be made in something special. But in the plot of the biblical plot, usually subgenre, prone to illogical motives and wonderful interventions, in the end everything will depend on the skills of the author. Philip Dunn here delivered people, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man in this film, multifaceted, and not the one who commits mythical acts on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, restrained, self-deprecating and attractive. Like Bathsheba, Hayward is hardly the ideal choice, but it has a lot of common sense and emotional normality that helps to understand why the King of Israel risked for her. The rest of the cast is strong and capable of taking turns. The familiar storyline gives them little opportunity to work, but the author Dunn and the actors do everything possible with human situations. David's youth is told in memories; how he was chosen by the Prophet Yahweh to be the King of Israel, and earns his way to be second after King Saul, defeating Goliath of Phiiistinsky in a battle when everyone else is afraid of beating a giant warrior. After that, he was finally expelled from the court of King of Israel Saul, became a famous warrior and returned to claim the kingdom and become the instrument of death for Jonathan, the son of the king, a former friend. His wars are successful - the film actually begins with a successful attack scene; but his life is empty, since his wife Michal, Jane Meadows, is the daughter of Saul and he is cold. He turns to Bathsheba, which he sees from the roof of the palace, bathing naked; she later admits that she hoped he would see her. But she has a husband, Uriah; when she becomes pregnant, Uriah will need to leave the battlefield and spend time at home; instead, he asks David to put him in the vanguard of the battle, even after he was awakened by the dance of Verdon. David agrees. He is killed, a war hero; but that does not resolve the infidelity issue. Drought comes to Israel, and the king’s infidelity is accused of this phenomenon. Finally, David lays his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and housed in a temple, which killed others who accidentally came in contact with him, inviting his god to punish him - and nothing happens ... David leaves the temple and discovers that it was raining on its dry ground. This film is always interesting, diverse in types of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and author use the principle of the observer and are frankly more successful in humanizing the characters than in almost any film outside the Greek-Middle Eastern canon, where the feat is a little easier, since neither wonderful nor religious themes are central to such adventures. Well remembered for its bright implementation, excellent performances and intellectual dialogue, this dramatic attempt deserves repeated study.
