Not being a fan of first-person shooters, I really did not dare to play this game. After I played the demo, I was sold. "Immortal" really manages to draw you into the game and become part of the universe in which your character is located. You have this green amulet, called the "Gelziabar Stone", which has special abilities and warns you about specific events or things, look at. With the special scrye spell, you can see certain things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Walking along the corridor, you suddenly hear the magic stone whisper: “Look”, where the stone is lit, for example, in the picture. And then, using the scrye spell, you can see some weird and creepy things in the picture. Let me tell you to witness something like that scary as hell. People who expect to finish this game in a few hours can forget about it even when using cheats. This game is based on character skills and caution when walking. Because, as in any horror movie, your surroundings are usually quite dark. And ghosts and monsters appear in a random order when you do not expect them, and can kill you very quickly. There is one scene where you want to enter the room, where you are repelled with such tremendous force that you need moments to realize what happened. It was a scene that could come out of the horror of the “Evil Dead” classic! To experience something like this is a real achievement. There are many elements that bring "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror films ever created. But, unfortunately, I have to report that there are some flaws. Firstly, the universe in which you play is huge. You start in a large mansion with all sorts of hidden, secret rooms and even the hidden dimension of hell called Onejros. It's all good in the beginning. But with all the loading times and some difficult enemies in between, this can be frustrating. And there is no card. The game requires you to remember your surroundings. So patience is required. There are also several puzzles that you must complete, otherwise you will not be able to progress. I don’t mind jumping on platforms in a third-person adventure. But in first-person mode, this can be an annoying task. Fortunately, you can save anytime, anywhere. And trust me, you will need it. In general, “Immortal” is an unusual first-person shooter, which deserves to be played by any horror or gamer.
