When I swore that I liked this film, my scalp still smelled like burning coals. Bring on coals; I'll also go over them to say again that I love "Beat like Beckham." Of course, in this recognition a lot of "contrary." This is a little movie of the week; script on the side of drawing by numbers. And, most unpleasantly, the director's commentary implies that beauty in this film can be found, above all, among white skin. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is not what is obvious to Sidney Field’s eyes: characteristic arcs, themes, construction. This is both on the surface and in what lies deep underground, but not in those layers of artistic topsoil that reviewers most often pay attention to. Powerful, sometimes half-dressed women's bodies, not just demonstrated, but shit-pulling out of football, do the work of naturalizing women's strength and dexterity better than ever Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi. These are real bodies (with the exception of Keira Knightley), whose job is not to look good first and then kick backwards. These are working bodies whose beauty lies in their movement and self-determination. And, in my book, the leading actress Parminder Nagra - one of the most magnificent creatures ever captured on the screen ?? not only because she can claim this battered adjective “shining”, but also because her performance has honesty and careless intelligence, which is extremely convincing. <br /> <br /> As a result, the film can be watched by women without feeling as if they are contracting with the devil to do it. As in the Bride and Prejudice of Chadhi, relations between women hiss because of chemistry, which cannot be neatly divided into difficult categories “Best friends” or “sisters”. Chadha may even be right to deny flirting with lesbianism in his comments. “Bend like Beckham” has electricity, which cannot be reduced to a simple heterosexual / homosexual love triangle, which implies its conditionally structured scenario. Is the exact nature of his pleasure ultimately a bit of a mystery? and all the more seductive for him. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, and I already said it was fun?
