The saddest thing in this film is that only 8 people decided to leave his review, and NO ONE thought it necessary to leave a comment on the message boards. <br /> <br /> Made in the same year as Philadelphia ... Oscar-winner Tom Hanks ... this is a film that people REALLY had to see and reward. These two people have more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty than in any other gay film I've seen ... and all this is true. <br /> <br /> For this to be printed I need to leave a few more lines of text: suffice it to say that anyone who REALLY wants to know what it feels like to be gay in the 60s and 70s and understand what It was like AIDS in front of modern drug cocktails. ”“ Allowed people to breathe a little easier ... this is a film to see. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I will add a personal comment on AIDS. Despite everything, in fact there was a silver lining for all the horror. When AIDS first appeared, it was called “gay cancer,” and governments chose to “let them die,” Do not spend a red cent on research to help save a bunch of cigarettes. Then it became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual disease. But the government was not ready for this; therefore, when direct people started to hurt, the only organizations and associations that were available , were those that were created by gay men themselves (examples: the project “Names”: a blanket dedicated to the memory of all those who died of AIDS; Act Up, etc.) As a result, people who probably would never have entered contact with gays in their normal life, suddenly discovered have lived, that rely on them and need them, because there were no other organizations. This close contact, in my estimation, is what finally broke down the barriers of prejudice and allowed the direct world to finally accept gays as equals. When AIDS first appeared, many of us thought that the direct world would use it as a way to attack us even more ... and that would probably be true if the direct people did not get sick too; Nevertheless, the progress made in the release of gay men — by the time I write this, there are at least 5 countries in the world that accept same-sex marriages — these achievements would probably take much more time without AIDS to bring us all together. It's sad to think that all these people — both direct and gay — should have died before our common humanity became more obvious — but if what I write here is true, and I think it is, then there is a little consolation to understand that all these people did not die in vain.
