“Dragon Lord” sees Chen return to the role of “Dragon” from the “Young Master”. Not much left of the first movie. The Tiger, his older brother, is nowhere to be seen; Neither Marshall, nor his daughter, nor his son played the magnificently Yuen Biao in the original film. The Dragon really has the same master - apparently, all the other students have moved on to other things. (Dragon's laziness in training is depicted in this film, so maybe he is still learning!) Originally called “Young Master in Love,” this film sees the Dragon (at least the first sixty minutes) chasing a village girl in different idiot and slaps. His rival for her love is his friend (inappropriately called "Cowboy"), who is comically played by a long-time member of the team of Chan Stants Mars. We see various scenes where their stupid schemes backfire. This is one of those scenes in which we (fortunately) see the "Dragon" above his head. <br /> <br /> This film is notorious for not meeting expectations at the box office. Nonetheless, I am sure that the expectations were rather high, and I feel that this film never had a fair judgment based on its own merits. But even when I try to do it, I still feel that there is a problem with the film. This seems to be completely unfocused, sometimes in a hurry, and I think the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as the other works of Chen of this period. <br /> <br /> What really saves the film is the final sequence. As in the “Young Master”, there is a fantastic final video, full of incredibly tedious action - you really feel every beat. And again, Chen is going against the same opponent from the “Young Master” (is this the same character?), And the time and energy here are just great. Chan's style, using every last drop of his entourage to help defeat his opponent - not just relying on pure physical abilities - is as obvious here as anywhere else. The barn in which they fight is full of clever little jokes and improvisations. This is the absolute highlight of the film and one of Chan's incredible careers. <br /> <br /> There is no need to see a prequel before seeing the “Lord of the Dragons,” in fact, he may even raise more questions than he hopes to answer. But I must say that the original film is an excellent film, and The Lord of the Dragons, with its emphasis on pursuing a girl and team sports, seems incomprehensible. Fortunately, several scenes of struggle offered by him (plus a fantastic scene with a shuttle) nominate him for a grand film in this genre.
