This movie needs to be watched in the right mood. First, the central relationship between father and son clearly shows that the film was conceived as a prequel to his Wong Fay Hung film “Drunken Master” (the ideas of this film are repeated in Drunken Master II), and not “Young Master”; The fact that Chen withdrew from this plan and renamed the characters indicates that he himself was not convinced that the material was properly assembled, and the film does show a feeling of incompleteness, such as romantic relationships, around which half the plot revolves. The film remains completely hanging. The “young master” of the same period also feels dissatisfied, but at least all its central threads are tied at the end. This film feels as if Chan struggled with the plot and the characters trying to find his main theme, only to give up the effort, perhaps because of time and budget. <br /> <br /> Or the film is just too ambitious. This is an important turning point in Chan's career, because he is committed to developing me. This is not the central character, but all the other problems - that’s why there is so little kung-fu in the film. Chen wants to make a historic romantic comedy, in which, fortunately, there is kung fu. But both the historical element and the romantic element seem to be nothing more than plot twists. <br /> <br /> This leaves us a comedy. Since Chen is concerned with character development, comedy is largely based on character — as in the conflict between Chan’s character and his best friend, the argument over the girl. But there are a lot of farce. Honestly, I find the comedy funny enough to forgive the plot. <br /> <br /> This film is Chan’s attempt to find a viable formula that he can use and develop over time. It doesn’t quite work, and Chen would find this formula only after giving up the historical elements of his earlier films with the creation of the modern comedy Police Story. But the return to watching this film is still very informative about how Chan passed his way through the historical genre and, perhaps, why he refused it.
