Despite the fact that Louis B. Meyer is reportedly not interested in signing a contract with young Greta Garbo, this first American and MGM film for the actress looked pretty nice. Obviously, the film was assigned some amazing talent to shoot production and create matte pictures, as it has all the pleasant qualities and cunning that can be expected from the best pictures that the studio can create. It looks just fine - even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> As for Garbo herself, then, like her other very early American films, she also looks different. Despite the fact that she is quite recognizable, her make-up is much softer than he could have become just a year later, which gives her a less serious look and tenderness in her attitude, which you simply did not see in subsequent films. I would like them to preserve this look, but considering how it became famous for the appearance of the trademark, who am I to say that they shouldn’t have followed this path ?! A film about Garbo and how she and her family are unjustly driven from their land by their host. While the hostess, dear Donna Bernard, claims that this is because the bank demanded payment, this is because her son fell in love with Garbo - and what better way to get rid of her than to push them out into the streets! Pretty lady, huh ?! Years go by, and by now Garbo has become a new sensation of singing, known throughout the world. When she returns to her hometown years later, her old boyfriend (who promised to marry her, but fainted when his mother, Donna Bernard, refused to do so), sees her. Now his new love for another woman is being tested - will he be happy to marry this woman, who is the heir of a huge pig condition, or will he want to have his old flame? And, more importantly, can Garbaugh take him back after he behaved so weakly? In the meantime, a huge downpour rages. The earth begins to flood, and the houses are soon washed away by the flood. Cortez and his friend make a mad dash when a dam breaks through! In the scene where they apparently laid his rowboat on the cascade stream, he eventually chose him alive and to the house where Garbo is now. She welcomes them inside and they stay with her until the storm passes. He then admits that he still loves her and weathered the storm to make sure she is safe. She tells him to get lost! Next you see Ricardo, who is going to marry his second choice, the daughter of the king of pork. He has obviously little enthusiasm about this - and you feel sorry for the lady, since she didn’t do anything wrong. Soon after Cortez wander around Garbo's house - he is sick with love and needs her. In this scene, Garbo is quite radiant and cannot tell him to leave - since they dissolve into each other's arms. Once again, he tells her about his love for her. <br /> <br /> When Donna Bernard finds out about this, she is not happy. Obviously, the queen of pork is a better catch than the world famous singer. Because of the intervention of this vile old woman, Garbo leaves, not wanting to stand between her mother and her weak son. But Cortez arrives - declaring that he MUST have her and will not rest until he becomes her wife. A few minutes after this proclamation, a family friend talks to Cortez and convinces him to leave her for the sake of his career and reputation. So much for "will not rest until he finds her for his wife," eh ?! Despite the fact that Cortez was a weakling, for some reason he could not force himself to hate him. And so, he marries the queen of pork and lives very boring. When years later, Garbo meets Cortez again, he looks bored as a middle-aged man, although she is as beautiful as ever. And, unsurprisingly, she again asks him to get lost. <br /> <br /> At the time this film was made, Garbo was not a star in the USA, but Cortez was. So, in the light of this, it's amazing that they gave Cortez such an unattractive character for the game. Instead of the usual confident role in the style of Valentino, which he was given, here he is an indecisive weakling - a HUGE weakling. And from that moment on, his career went along a slow downward spiral. As for Garbo, this role helped her become a big star - she was the focus of the film and played a character very similar to her later characters. <br /> <br /> As for the film, the new music consists because it was very pleasant, although it was repeated a little. Printing, oddly enough, was almost perfect in all respects, with the exception of maps with inscriptions - which could use some restoration. <br /> <br /> The most enjoyable film - skillfully designed, thoughtful and worthy of attention. And, one of the few times when I can think about it, I have no particular pretensions in this excellent film.
