The bored and unhappy young kid Zandali (an incredibly sultry and energetic performance of the juicy knockout brunette Erica Anderson) feels locked up in a hopeless marriage with an unsuccessful poet and a decent, but boring businessman Thierry Martin (solid and trustworthy image of Judge Reinhold). Zandali has a hot, adulterous intrigue with the mean-spirited and arrogant artist Johnny Collins (elegantly played under the slimy handle of Nicolas Cage). Is it possible to save the relationship between Thierry and Zandali? Or everything will fall apart and go for sowing? Director Sam Pillsbury and screenwriter Marie Cornhauser lay down on a crazy soap opera-style histrionic, trying to tell the imitator a serious and insightful story of how passionate desire is kindled and its potentially dangerous consequences; the plot goes great with the rails in the last ridiculous last third. The dialogue is also stupid and vulgar (approximate line: “I want to shake you naked and eat you alive”). Moreover, this film certainly delivers a lot of delicious female nudity (magnificently stately Anderson looks to smoke naked) and a hissing semi-pornographic soft single-sex sex scene (Johnny and Zandali do their dirty work in the church confessional booth as a definite bright highlight). The onset of tart'notangy in New Orleans adds an additional zest to the already saturated process. Johnny Cage with his long, dirty black hair, greasy mustache, dirty mouth and rude manners is an absolute cry, as the only extremely unattractive “romantic” who has ever spilled his way onto celluloid. The cast deserves support for worthy sincerity: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold all do respectable work with their parts with excellent support from Joe Pantoliano in the role of a cheerful, bright homosexual friend Zandali Jerry, Viveka Lindfors as a wise, astute mother Ihri, Tatta, Aaron Nevil friendly bartender Jack and Steve Buscemi as a funny, shameless thief. Walt Lloyd’s sharp and brilliant cinematography gives the film an attractive glossy look. The fragrant, harmonious Pray for Rain score also hit the mark. A delightfully quiet and rebellious rebellion.
