I saw "New York: I love you" today and I really liked it! I was really looking forward to seeing it after watching “Paris je t'aime”, and in general, I think I liked this movie much better ... Maybe I need to watch “Paris je t'aime” again, I don’t know ... I read a few reviews here about New York: ILY and yes, the film is not without flaws. When you pay respect to a city like New York, it can be pretty overwhelming, and nothing seems fair enough to make the city properly fair ... so without stopping at any of the shortcomings of the film, I’ll just write about what I liked. <br /> <br /> Unlike “Paris je t'aime”, in which each director’s short film was properly segmented and titled, NY: There is no ILY, and many reviewers found the integrity of the stories and the coincidence here are annoying and even confusing. I thought otherwise. I liked how the stories flowed one by one, and I especially liked the duplication of characters - this can be useless, because it often happens in movies. But I still liked it because I did not find it mandatory. And the idea that we are all connected, after all, has a thoughtful, even bizarre quality - that some may find trivial, but I find beautiful. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies, except the one that touched me the most was Ivan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so good, and the script that in the end the disclosure — again unused in the past — brought me to tears, and I cried throughout the subsequent segment. I always liked Wright Penn, and now I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper. Those precious first few seconds when he stands alone near the restaurant, shortly before they call him - they talk a lot about Cooper's ability to convey character, just being there, without saying anything. <br /> <br /> Most of the stories in this movie involve characters who either meet each other for the first time or have only recently met each other, with the exception of 4-5 stories in which the characters have long been familiar. It seemed to me (and I could be mistaken) that the stories were different, but they all tried to understand the essence, even the need, just to step back and look at people in a new light and what we have known in our lives for a long time; see people and things around you through the eyes of a stranger and appreciate them just as you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> Other films that I liked were Sanji Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Jiar, Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Tirlby, Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shea LaBouf and John Hurt, and another with Ivan Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emily Ohan when they are at the cafe. I really need to see more works by Ivan Attalus, because I really like him! <br /> <br /> In general, watch this movie with an open heart. Do not read the reviews before viewing! This may not meet your expectations of what a love movie in New York should be, and I doubt that any movie really justifies this concept. Just watch this movie to find good music, beautiful landscape cinematography, some kind of life comfort and one or two stories that can make you feel strong.
