New York, I love you, finally got to our shores, but for some reason his 10 short stories about love did not find sufficient grounds for release over Valentin, probably due to the fact that this year’s festival also falls on Lunar New year, and with this come the usual LNY blockbuster films from Jackie Chan (no, not “The Spy Next Door”) and local director Jack Neo, who traditionally released his last film during this period with overwhelming success. So why correct a formula that has not been violated? <br /> <br /> Continuing the concept of where Paris, Je T'aime began to spawn the City of Love Franchise (Shanghai would be next, end captions say so), the noise here is definitely about intertwining stories set in one of the cities of the world, to allow different interpretations from directors from around the world to come up with stories based on love as a theme, although someone probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson about some of the subtleties of the sandbox's basic rules, and her short film was unceremoniously excluded from the theatrical a publication for failing to fit in everything else (well, it was filmed in black and white), but we hope that it will do so, at least on DVD. <br /> <br /> In terms of its structure, this series is less divided than its predecessor, which, if my memory serves me, had separate plots within its framework and never went beyond its artificial boundaries. It gives a little more freedom, where characters from different stories interact in short filler segments used to connect scenes together, and not just depend only on filming made of buildings and landscapes, hoping to make things look a bit more random with the idea of ​​random encounters among strangers, although one story deftly adopted this way of thinking for her own narrative to bring a surprise, although she had already seen it in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the main points for watching a film like this is definitely the creative forces behind the stories from writers, directors and cinematographers from different geographic regions and regions reflecting the cosmetics of the metropolis who come together for a concept film. And what's more, the star-studded cast, with big names among the lesser-known, all raise their stakes through perfect ideas about the film, whether it be along the entire length of the short film or as a support for the build-up. You can’t deny the star's original glance in recognizing celebrities, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had the duties of a writer and director), Rachel Bilson (very similar to Bardo) to Spielberg’s blue-eyed boy, Shia LaBeff, who surprisingly can act and brag about in his few minutes here than in his entire filmography today. <br /> <br /> In the history, as in any anthology, you will find those that automatically suit your taste, but not others. "T. Some of them are straightforward in nature, while others must come up with tricks that, fortunately, worked. But these 10 stories plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeier was charged with the task of combining everything for a more organic sensation, and not just shooting less well-known areas and set guidelines), somehow there was not enough “everything goes” spirit from its predecessor, with stories , more ingrained in reality, compared with some fantastic elements in the previous film (Elijah Wood's fascination with one of the vampires?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (Christopher Doyle and Tom Tiker starring Natalie Ortman). Here it seemed that the filmmakers made a big choice in favor of security, and no one dared to feel the spirit of adventure and experimentation. <br /> <br /> Apart from minor snippets, I still enjoyed almost all the shorts here, unlike many others. felt about it. The format of short films is still very much alive, and their integration into a function under the banner of "City of Love" works great, and I do not know what other cities are part of them. I hope that maybe the franchise will understand and spread its influence here. We, of course, have enough prolific directors to connect Singapore, I love you, so here, with our fingers crossed, maybe something will materialize in the future. Otherwise, there is always the Sawasdee Bangkok route - just do it without any addendum to the franchise rules.
