New York "I love you" is a collective work of eleven short films, each segment of which lasts about 10 minutes. The shorts are not exactly connected, but they all have something in common, love. Every short story about the search for love, if we are talking about a couple or just two strangers chatting with each other. The film includes ensembles, including Shea LaBeouf, Natalie Portman, Hayden Christensen, Orlando Bloom, Chris Cooper, Andy Garcia, Christina Ricci, Irrfan Khan, Robin Wright Penn, Julie Christie, Ethan Hawke, Bradley Cooper, Rachel Bilson and Antoni Anton and Anton Anton and Antoni Christie. With such a star cast and such an interesting premise, I expected a terrific movie; The problem is that New York, I love you, does not add up. It remains the sum of its parts. Some of the segments are funny, original and interesting, but others are so meaningless (segments of Orlando Bloom / Christina Ricci and Ethan Hawke / Maggie Q) that it's terrible. The film is definitely uneven and has a very experimental tone. In the plot, it seems, something that could be brought together by several filmmakers. Having said that, the film also has some great moments, one of the best is the story of an old couple played by Eli Wallach and Cloris Lichman, walking through Brooklyn on the 67th wedding anniversary. And it was precisely such moments that made me a spectator wanting the film to be more consistent, because there is a lot of potential here. But, as unsatisfactory, since the whole story ends with the fact that for me the cinematography and the soundtrack saved everything. Editing was perfect, the way the movie was shot was very impressive, and the ethereal soundtrack could not have been more appropriate. In the end, “New York, I love you” looks like an experimental film, and, as in most cases, there are ups and downs. The way he looks at the film as a whole determines whether he likes it or not. For some it may cost, but for others - a waste of time. <br /> <br /> 7/10
