Cinderella is one of Disney's most beloved classics. And it really deserves its status. Based on the classic fairy tale told by Charles Perrault, the film tells about the trials and tribulations of Cinderella, a kind girl who is mistreated by her wicked stepmother and equally unattractive stepsisters. When the royal ball is held and all suitable young women are invited (read: the king wants the prince to marry), Cinderella stays at home while her stepmother takes her terrible daughters with her. But at hand there is the Cross Fairy ... <br /> <br /> The Cinderella story itself will not be able to single out any particularity, therefore, as a whole, remaining true to the story, rather random characters of animals used by the Cross fairy to help get the title character to the ball, become real roots of Cinderella. Mice Jaq and Gus - the main assistants, and their own sworn enemy - cat stepmother Lucifer. Their antics are mostly intertwined with the main plot of the tale and for the most part are wonderful. Admittedly, the film slows down a bit between the main character introductions and shortly before the half sisters go to the ball, but after this slowdown the film really starts again and surprisingly (since Cinderella is probably the most worn history of all time) Disney's most exciting stories. <br /> <br /> Animation and artistic direction are beautiful. All the legendary Nine Elders are animated in this picture, as well as the color and conceptual art of Mary Blair (she also worked on conceptual art and color design for Alice in Wonderland, Peter Pan, Three Caballeros and many others). ) manage to wiggle on the screen. The colors and designs are beautiful, especially in the scenes of The Cross Fairy and the ball scenes, as well as in those cute little moments here and there. <br /> <br /> In general, Cinderella is considered one of the best Disney fairies. Fairy tales and congregations are recommended to the young and all that embodies the Disney philosophy that dreams really can become a reality.
