Walt Disney and his “9 old men” in their classic Cinderella tale in the 1950s told about themselves, which I think can be said, helps to form an unofficial “trilogy about a fairy princess” from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> Plot: Cinderella is a nice girl who can't catch a break. She is the daughter of a good, wealthy widower who loved her dearly, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy’s father felt that she needed a mother’s figure, so he eventually married a woman who would become known as Lady Tremaine she is a widow with two daughters of about the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizell. At first they all seemed to get along, but then Cinderella's father died, and Lady Tremaine's true nature revealed - she was cold, cruel, heartless, heartless, mean woman, and she passed these traits to her daughters, who were spoiled, brave and equally sneaky. Anastasia and Drizella hate Cinderella, because deep down they know that she looks better and is generally a more attractive, attractive woman than they themselves (that is, more attractive to men), and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy because same reasons. Years went by. Lady Tremayne began to squander family fortunes in a stubborn but futile desire to improve / improve her embarrassing, unattractive daughters (calling them "home" would be an insult to home people everywhere), while all three attributed Cinderella to the fact that a multitasking servant was mocking her, mistreating her and humiliating her every chance they get (they especially love to increase her already ridiculous load). This leads us to Cinderella in the present, where she has become a pretty young lady who somehow manages to remain kind-hearted and sweet, despite her offensively consolidated family, and holds hope that one day the tables will turn in her favor. <br /> <br /> Cinderella gets a chance for freedom and happiness when the royal ball is held to acquaint the local prince with a suitable young girl so that he can marry her, calm down, start a family, etc. Naturally, her the consolidated family tries to keep her from visiting, even goes so far that she physically attacks her and tears up the dress she bought for herself (with a little help from her mouse friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother). In the end, having overcome his break point, Cinderella runs out into the yard and cries in despair. It is at this moment that her fairy arrives, a short, plump, cheerful woman who provides Cinderella with transport and a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a very good impression on the ball if she went on stage looking for the scene as if she were that they raped) Cindy arrives at the ball, the prince falls heavily on her, but this nasty rule of midnight interferes with her, causing her to run, but leaving behind a glass slipper. In short, after a long and painful quest to find the mysterious girl, trying on a glass slipper, Cinderella was found, and she and the prince got married, giving her the happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> Overall, a nice Disney classic. Not without its flaws, the most striking of which is that the Prince is only McGuffin helping to advance the plot - he has very little screen time and even fewer dialogues, therefore we will never know him very well and will not know well look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is regrettable because, according to the documentary, the prince was originally supposed to play a big role), and a few extra scenes to help figure out Cinderella herself could be helpful (there was a song that showed she had a dream become an army of maids to clean the house, and also to overhear her ball at the foster family, to show her fun from their jealousy, which was cut off because Walt himself thought it made her look angry) However, Cinderella herself - quite a pretty heroine, even if her mouse friends shoot her, and there is a sweetness in the film that is becoming harder to find in our day. Of course, if it had been done now, Cinderella would probably have started to fight more against her family during the scene of the dress breaking and probably would have gotten free at the climax (either by breaking the lock or by making an impractical but exciting jump down). from her window) but this is not relevant. <br /> <br /> And for all those who say that Cinderella sets a bad example for young girls, well, think about it - at least, Cinderella did not get drunk publicly and was indecently exposed, unlike some modern ones " princesses "(you know who I mean).
