People criticize Disney’s animated features of the 1950s for being too glossy, against too motley landscapes. This criticism is fair. And yet it cannot be a whole story, because the two least glossy ones — Alice in Wonderland and Peter Pan — are also the weakest. Cinderella, on the other hand, is in a world in which the dirt itself glitters, and it is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. The background is subtle and consistent; colors are clean, not too bright. The animation changes slightly. I swear that some people have rotoscopy, but then people with a rotoscope (including Cinderella herself) are not full-blooded characters in the script, so this approach works quite well. These are really animals that make a movie. I think the studio has never used animals in such a way as totems, and not as traveling companions. For example, mice are creatures that drag us into history; but they are truly representatives or allies of the more colorless Cinderella. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch, the familiar Evil Stepmother. (The cat is brilliantly conceived and animated - one of the best feline creations of all time. Ward Kimball was the leading animator, and he modeled it on his own cat. Steal the show without distracting our attention from the main story. Their actions are of greatest interest only in in the light of the main story. <br /> <br /> Among the supporting actors are famous people - the King and the Grand Duke.The King is a character with one note - he wants grandchildren and seems to have no other desires - but the note sounds in a pleasant way. The Grand Duke is a character worn, which deserves to be kicked out of its sphere just like Cinderella. (Although it is, of course, richer.) <br /> <br /> “Cinderella” is Disney’s return to function after an eight-year hiatus, and neither with this nor with any subsequent film will he be able to regain the raw brilliance of his early years, moreover, he has complicated his life by choosing “Cinderella.” She is a passive heroine, and very few people can do anything about it. I’m wrong about that — I haven’t seen the recent “Ever After.”) However, it’s amazing how successful Disney was in flesh this unpromising history in life and do not cross the grain of her spirit.
