The legendary producer of the film Walt Disney brought to the screen three of the greatest tales of the world. They remain one of the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his pioneering classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", released in 1937. Last was the then underestimated "Sleeping Beauty", which debuted in 1959. Between these two was, perhaps, his most satisfactory adaptation of the classics. fairy tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, Cinderella is the most faithful to its origin. Ironically, unlike Snow White, which, for better or for worse, has become for many the final version of the story. Cinderella did not go the same way. Although it was a hit and, like Snow White, was responsible for restoring Disney’s dwindling states, he never achieved the same audience recognition he certainly deserved. Disney, this time, was proud of himself, deciding not to interfere with the classics, instead developing and adding content to the story, rather than rewriting it for the screen. The result was charming. <br /> <br /> The combination of superb animation (in beautifully soft Technicolor) and perfect voice talents has enlivened the story with a glow that lasts to this day. Ilena Woods, who was a radio show, recorded demo discs with songs as a gift to the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, Mac David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he realized that he had found his Cinderella. And indeed, he had. Woods soulful performances "Dream is the desire that your heart does," "So this is love" and "Oh, sing, sweet nightingale" are perfect. Eleonora Audley, who will continue to voice Maleficent in Sleeping Beauty, skillfully caught the icy brutality of her stepmother, while Rod Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly nasty step-sisters. Louis Van Ruten excelled as King and Grand Duke, and James MacDonald was as charming as Jac and Gus, devotees of Cinderella. William Phipps has a small dialogue like a prince (future talk show host Mike Douglas gave his singing voice), but the movie veteran (and Disney), Verna Felton, was born to play the godfather fairy, and she made the best number, (Oscar-nominated ) "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo") her own show-stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the “appearance” of the film was Mary Blair, whose inspired use of color was greatly admired by Disney. Her elegant backgrounds from the French period tremendously improve the quality of the film. But most importantly - believable characters - from Cinderella to Lucifer, a delightfully evil stepmother cat. They bring life and vitality to the often-told story that is very difficult to create in an animated film. <br /> <br /> In connection with the 55th anniversary of the film (and, not incidentally, the upcoming holiday) season, Cinderella just came out on a special DVD edition. It just never looked better. A fully restored film should be appreciated - suffice it to say that it looks great. An improved stereo soundtrack has been added, which serves music well. The DVD supplements, which are now a standard part of the Disney Platinum Edition, are too numerous to list here, but, as usual, some of them are intended for children, some are inclined towards adults, and the rest are somewhere in the middle. But real fans will want to get a deluxe gift set, because along with a real cell from the movie and eight character sketches, it includes a 160-page hardcover book that includes not only most of the material found in the book, With the release of the home video special edition of 1995, but also much more. As usual for Disney, Cinderella will only be available for a limited time. So, if, like me, you're a Cinderella fan, get it NOW! This edition is truly "A dream come true."
