And here is another proof that we all must worship the Italian hyallo and recognize it as the absolute most unique subgenre in the horror genre. "The Red Queen kills seven times" Emilio Miraglia is a completely fascinating storyline of original plots, stylish production values, charming music, great acting talent and ingeniously bloody murder episodes. This is a stunning giallo (released in gold in 1972), which is among the top five of all fans of Italian cinema. The storyline not only represents your average killer in black gloves and sexually frustrated killers, but combines good old-fashioned motives of revenge with the creepy myth of the murderous "Red Queen". At a young age, their grandfather tells the constantly fighting brothers Kitty and Evelyn about a strange woman who kills seven people every 100 years on April 6, of which her sister is the inevitable last victim. Fourteen years later, Kitty became a successful choreographer of a famous modeling agency (even sharing her bed with the general manager) when the killing spree suddenly begins. Sister Evelyn would have been the obvious culprit, but she recently moved to the States ... Or is she? Difficult, but compelling and involving red herrings rush at you every couple of minutes, and the character of the Red Queen is definitely the most exciting killer in the history of hyallo. Her face is never visible, but she is wearing a blood-red cloak and produces the most terrible laugh when she makes a new victim. She is also not entirely gentle, because her victims are barbarically slaughtered with a dagger, stretch behind machines and even pierced on the fences! This last one is truly one of the greatest (= most terrible) acts of violence I have ever seen! What more could you ask for? Maybe some stylish and tasteful nude? Gorgeous female actresses got it more than covered up, among them Barbara Boucher and young Sybil Dunning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous hyallo-director, as he only did it and equally recommended “Night, Evelyn came out of the grave”, but his influence and importance should NOT be forgotten.
