Today there are very few performers who can hold me captive throughout the film only because of their presence. One of these few is Judy Davis, who has made a successful career from creating characters who are stubborn in respect, but very vulnerable at heart. She plays the roles that most other performers will relate to melodramatically, and adds fiery, deeply emotional tension that distracts attention from everything else on the screen. <br /> <br /> Her skills are well shown in the film “Tide,” which corresponds to her for the second time with director Jillian Armstrong, who gave Davis her first major success in “My Brilliant Career”. In this film, Davis played a young woman who was determined to do it in the world, despite the choking she felt from her community and upbringing. In Tide, however, Davis's character, Lilly, is about the opposite: she lost all hope for her future when she was small, and, having given birth to a child, runs from her duties and takes on life without direction or meaning. When years later she finally meets with her daughter, the thought of caring for her child fossils; she knows that this is her chance to atone for her failures, but how can she be honest with her daughter and still win her respect? <br /> <br /> Gillian Armstrong’s films usually tell stories about characters who desperately want to communicate with each of them. others, but face obstacles created by their personal habits and addictions. Oscar and Lucinda, for example, were about a man and a woman who desperately needed each other's love, but were always stunned by their desire for chance, represented by their gambling addiction. Here we are immersed in the world of the family, separated by the inability of the mother to devote himself to a sedentary life, and her struggle must be redeemed, despite the full conviction that it is already too late to change something for the better. This is not just a film with a great performance in the center, but also a rare achievement: a completely convincing ransom story.
