while the hard-boiled detectives Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler adapted to the cinema, like a fox in a chicken coop — by really creating a completely modern American genre and style in progress — those of what could be called Golden Age fiction did hardly any impression at all. The problem with books such as those of Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers, or S. S. Van Dyne (on whose works this film is based) is that they have little action or variety - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe cross middle streets of los angeles. , working-class dwelling houses, bars, offices, rich mansions, and encounters all sorts of exciting dangers and violence, fiction of the Golden Age is usually fixed in place, the place of murder is usually a luxurious country house, and action is limited to investigating the cues and interrogation of suspects . This is a very static procedure, the plot comes down to a riddle. <br /> <br /> This is, of course, as many ideologies as the rest: the history of the Golden Age concerning a society hostile to change and movement; hard-novel novels describing urban reality, increasingly moving away from the center (both authorities and cities), dividing themselves into hostile, ever-uncontrolled and lawless camps. Another serious problem with the invention of the Golden Age is character - because we cannot know the answer to a crime to the end, we cannot access the characters' motives or emotions, determined solely by their potential need for murder. A detective, unlike anxious, biased personal eyes, just has to be brilliant and perhaps a little eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem with most films from the Golden Age books is that they are trying to be a period. Fun at Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen School and look silly. There have been successes, for example, the radical reworking of Ellery Queen and other works by Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world there were only two. The Alistair Sim classic, “Green For Danger”, works because it pushes the form almost into a parody, while never changing the integrity or interest of the mystery. <br /> <br /> This was accomplished by the brilliant Michael Curtis "Murder of the kennel" Case '. The narrative is a pure golden age. A repulsive character is introduced that gives a number of potential suspects a reason to kill him. He is properly killed, seemingly unmistakable, pointing to suicide, falling in a locked room. Policemen with a caricature hopelessly fall in love with the bait. It was Philo Vance, a gentleman and amateur detective, neither old nor fat, who should read the clues more insightfully, open a case from outside the room and, ultimately, solve the case, the corpse is a little more than a pretext for intellectual stimulation. <br /> <br /> Interesting is not this detective plot, which can be unsatisfactory, like all solutions, although it is rarely less interesting and full of comic pieces of business. In fact, there is not even an attempt to “undermine” the image of an ideal detective story - there is one disturbing scene where a brutal sergeant threatens to beat the suspect without protest from Vance, but that’s all. <br /> <br /> A distinctive feature of the “Nursery” is its modernity. Curtis is generally not considered a great author, because he has no consistent topics or evidence of artistic development. But he was the greatest master of Hollywood, and he is in sensational form here. if the Golden Age detective story is a mystery, Curtis takes this idea to its logical limit, creating an abstract variation of its source, reducing the narration, character and location to geometry, a series of lines, from beautiful art deco sets to gorgeous camera movements that suddenly break from static composition, and, as they glide violently at an angle, enliven the dead decor. <br /> <br /> This treatment corresponds to a story that resolutely refuses realism, a sample that turns a detective story into a mirror hall, like two central brothers, or the original crime itself, borrowed from the book Unsolved Secrets. This fantastic world of nasty rich people who collect oriental relics (shades of "Moonstone?"), Incomprehensible Chinese servants, ex-prisoners, turned into butlers, dog-loving dogs, Rune police, is the ideal habitat for Vance, the person who will set off on a cruise to Europe with a bizarre conjecture who knows the social world of these people, yet is tainted by his interest in crime and police relations, or if he were not something more than a thinking machine, William Powell, the greatest American comedian of the decade, boldly subordinates his particular humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is discharged, the climax becomes impressively brutal, with the participation of cruel dogs and attempted murder. The police and the detective, who was supposed to prevent crime, are guilty of incitement to crime.
