There are several films that every horror fan should see for himself (or herself), as well as Emilio Miraglia's La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte. "The Red Queen kills seven times" (1972) - one of them. Since Gialli and Gothic Tales were my two favorite sub-genres in the movie “Horrors,” I was looking forward to seeing this movie for quite a while, and although my expectations were high, this masterpiece exceeded my highest hopes. The earlier Giallo Miraglia, Evelyn's Night Out of the Grave (1971), was already an eerie and very atmospheric film that successfully mixed Giallo with Gothic Terror, but it could not be compared with this instant personal favorite. “The Red Queen kills seven times” is one of the most unique and amazing Italian horror films ever filmed, and not a single genre lover could even think about skipping it. The “Red Queen”, incredibly mesmerizing Jallo with strong gothic elements, offers everything you could hope for in any of the sub-genres: an inventive and incredibly irresistible storyline, frightening intense character, an incredibly strange atmosphere and a really creepy atmosphere, eerie puffy colors, stylish murders , a brilliant score and, not least, a delightful female cast from the stunningly beautiful Barbara Boucher - this film is simply one of the most striking combinations of elegant beauty and pure ter rora <br /> <br /> The film begins incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As little girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn fought when their grandfather tells them the story of an incredibly strange picture: a legend says that an evil red lady must return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Boucher) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people are starting to kill ... Directed by Miralya has already proved his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and vivid eeriness with "Night Evelyn, released from the grave," and he uses these elements even more effectively in this pearl. “The Red Queen kills seven times” is a real feast for the eyes, and one of the most amazing Italian horror films, both visually and in plot. Only the haunting painting in the castle of Grandfather can give the viewer goosebumps. The Red Lady (or the Red Queen, as she is called in the English title), perhaps the most vicious figure in the history of Jallo, the frightening laughter in the spine, which is accompanied by murder, will even be frightening in itself. <br /> <br /> Sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in Giallo, and this example is a vivid example. The delightful Barbara Bush (one of my favorite actresses) must have been one of the most stunningly beautiful girls ever to appear on the screen, and she is also a great actress. The presence of Bush challenged many Italian films, including she appeared in the three greatest cult masterpieces of Italian cinema of the 70s (1972): “Milano Calibro 9” Fernando Di Leo, “Better” Djallo Fulci “Don” “Pythay duckling” and this is an unforgettable treasure. In addition to the wonderful Miss Boucher, the gorgeous female cast includes the sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti (“Evelyn's Night Comes Out of the Grave”) and other beauties who are not afraid to show it on camera. <br /> <br /> Like the whole movie, the killings are stylish and incredibly elegant, but frightening and dark, and some of them are pretty awful. Bruno Nicholas’s spectacular account is remembered as much as possible, and makes the film’s extremely eerie atmosphere even more unreal. The plot is brilliantly tangled and full of red herrings, the level of tension increases with every minute. "The Red Queen ..." begins terribly and remains amazing to the last second. In general, this is one of the films for which I can not find enough words of praise. “The Red Queen kills seven times” is an absolute masterpiece that easily ranks among the best Gally ever created and is a top priority for every horror movie lover and / or Italian cinema. 10/10
