Michael Curtis shot this very stylish batch of 1930 as scripted by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Main. The original novel, which they adapted, was The Case of the Killing of a Nursery, perhaps from the point of view of the writer, the best of the mysteries of Philon Vance by the strange S.S. Van Dyne. Vance was a genius detective genius, and his character, appointed by William Powell, probably meant that the leaders of Warner Brothers knew that in less attractive hands this detective could repel the audience. Fortunately, they first assigned the courteous William Powell to the character. he was later played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lucas, before he received “B” status. Another question, as always with Warner Brothers executives, is why they chose Vance as their character; their tendency was to choose people who acted outside the law, without any obvious discrimination between the evil killer and the champion of individual rights against everyone. This film has a disgusting villain who is killed and a claustrophobic local resident in a residential complex. The characters are indisputably unusually well understood, the direction is rather good and unusually fast developing; and with the exception of a dark black-and-white look, the film avoids comedy sides, superfluous characters and irrelevant dialogue, characteristic of many early detective stories. Jack Okey made a good artistic guide. The music of Berhard Kaun is sound; Orri-Kelly made costumes. William Reese provided the cinema mainly indoors. In an interesting composition, Powell is Philo Vance of his time, mostly sober, with a hint of sardonic humor. Eugene Palitt is better than usual playing very directly like Vance's police cop partner, with his very professional timing. Another actor who starred best is the handsome Paul Cavan, as always very effective in what was written as part of the red herring. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point in her career, she spoke too quickly to be as effective as she later proved. Also in the cast were Helen Vinson as the woman of the villain, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (best known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrath as the villain who everyone has a reason to kill, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his handsome brother with Robert McWade as a district attorney; Dodgy and funny Etienne Girardot plays a delightfully witty role, like a funny little forensic doctor who comes to the scene of a crime. James Lee, like an insulted Chinese servant, is superb and smart. The story is divided into four parts. First, at the dog show Shad conducts a show where Vance, Kou and Kavana show the West Highland terriers. Kavana's dog is killed by Kou to prevent him from winning the title over his record. The second part of the scene includes a vacation; someone is embarrassed by those who went to where Coe breaks up with his girlfriend, Vinson, to mistakenly kill his good brother. Log in to Vance to find out who did it in Archer Coe in a locked room and how, with the Palette; Romantic difficulties corrected, Chinese servant rehabilitated, we find out who smashed an expensive vase, who married to whom, as Archer Coe did, and why the butler did not do it - but someone else with a good excuse did. This is more than a good little mystery to which the experienced director of Hungarian origin, Curtis, took it quite seriously. He used wipes, quick cuts, changes in camera angle and the alternation of straightforward and daring camera work to achieve diversity, interest and a steady pace. Many writers, critics and experts, including myself, consider this the best of the Vance projects, although others are worthy of attention.
