“Markham,” says polite gentleman criminalist Philo Vance (William Powell) to the district attorney: “I more and more believe that Archer Coe was killed in this room. fragments ... it's all here. ”“ But Vance, ”says Markham,“ are you saying that the dead man went up? ”“ I'm not trying to tell you anything but facts, ”says Vance.“ This is the most wonderful case my experience. ”<br /> <br /> We sympathize. The rich, arrogant Archer Coe, who did not seem to like everyone who knew him, was found fallen in a chair in his bedroom, with a gun in his hand and a gunshot wound to the head. But wait. Further study shows that Ko has dealt a strong blow with a blunt object that broke his skull. Then there is a wound Injured in his back. The difficulty was that the door and windows of Kou's bedroom were locked from the inside. Kou was not suicide; it was murder. But how could the killer escape? What was the specific motivation, because there are so many suspects? , Brisbane Coe, was found dead in a closet on the first floor? <br /> <br /> The case of the murder of the nursery, who is now 73 years old, still looks stylish on an old classic dresser with closed rooms. First, the mystery is complex and clever, but still logical. Secondly, this is a funny, confident performance by William Powell. Consider his work as Phil Vance as something of a rehearsal for his great performances as Nick Charles. Little that eludes Vance. He uses his wits to put things together. He is also a good company. Powell was a star in the twenties and steadily moved up in status and popularity when conversations replaced. His mind, style and refinement made him one of the most modern actors of the past. <br /> <br /> Also nice to see a few other wonderful faces. Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, the young, resentful and potentially rich ward of Kou; Paul Cavanaugh as a titled Brit, hovering around Hilda; Helen Vinson, with her particularly sultry and selfish manner (look at how she really does her business in the Vogues of 1938); Etienne Giraud, a small elderly man in the role of the fussy doctor Doremus, whose work as a coroner and forensic scientist constantly distracts him from food; and Ralph Morgan as Archer Coe's private secretary. In this film, a large percentage of middle-aged men without an ounce of fat, who can easily wear form-fitting, costumes. Most of all, this is Eugene Palitra with his noble belly and gravel voice as a detective sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are longtime acquaintances who seem to really love each other.
