I watch a lot of movies, good, bad and indifferent; There is usually something interesting that you can pay attention to, even if it is just a set design, or the reliable work of a good character actor, or an occasional laugh that arises from senseless, inglorious eternal life. <br /> <br /> However, I was pleasantly surprised by this film, which I had never seen before. Of course, Graham Green was transferred to the cinema many times, in such masterpieces as “The Skinny Man” and in smaller cars. The “confidential agent” is one of those less significant vehicles, but he still manages to get me somewhere, despite the inaccurate direction, the discrepancy between the images of Bacall and Boyer as (respectively) British and Spanish and the almost complete absence of any chemistry between two leads. In a sense, this last “problem” actually begins to work in favor of the film, because how can love really flourish in the murderous atmosphere of fascism and capitalism, occurring about the tragedy of one person? The most compelling aspect of the film derives directly from Green's complex psychology, which permeates the entire film. I know that some people consider a deliberate career as boring here, and I can understand it. And yet I found that stress rather than emphasizes claustrophobia. I was forced to watch not some great game (although Boyer, as usual, is amazing, being able to convey a rich mixture of fatigue, tragedy, hope and zeal with his magnificent voice and longing eyes), but a growing stream of one man’s weak hopes against the world of oppression and of money. Who is the thief? What good is love in the face of death? Where does simple profit and exploitation begin? The film does not rise to the level of art, and therefore can not hope to answer such questions, but it is much more than just entertainment, and his murders and guilt are very darkly drawn. The lack of shine, “bubble”, narration “rebound” helps to make this film very useful. <br /> <br /> And there is no happy ending, because the story has written the ending.
