The brilliant image of Gregory Douglas MacArthur’s Pake from the battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War, largely until his retirement from the post of UN Commander during the Korean War, suggests that all three of the above possibilities. Of course, the most controversial American general of World War II (and, possibly, ever) MacArthur is represented here as a man with enormous contradictions. He claims that the soldiers, first of all, are eager for peace, but he is obviously famous for the war; he consistently denies any political ambitions, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to raise himself as a presidential candidate; he obviously believes that the soldiers under his command must carry out his orders in a letter, but he himself consciously does not obey the orders of the President of the United States; he shows great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and in Japan), and yet is completely unrelated to his own country. All these things are kept in balance throughout the film, and in the end the viewer is left to draw his own conclusions about the person, although no one doubts that MacArthur sincerely and passionately loved his country, and especially the army. He dedicated his life. <br /> <br /> As I said, Peck’s performance was brilliant — in fact, it eclipsed almost everyone else in the film (which might be appropriate considering who he portrayed!) with the possible exception of Ed Flanders. I thought he offered a convincing look at Harry Truman and his attitude towards MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly calling MacArthur “His Majesty”) angry, disappointed and eventually completely fed up with this general, who simply will not respect his authority as president, Marge Dusey was also intrigued as Makarhur's wife Jin, devoted to her husband (whom she called “The General” herself, although their relationship seemed to be quite happy.) I really liked this film, although I might have liked a lot more about the early life of MacArthur. I always laughed at MacArthur’s reaction that Eisenhower was elected president (“He will be an excellent president - he was the best damn clerk I’ve ever had”), which seems to summarize what especially its warlords during the war.) Well worth seeing. 8/10
