It is worth noting that this is only my third review of this film, while `Patton- Thirst for Glory”, previously the biography of producer Frank McCarthy of the controversial American general during World War II, has attracted about a hundred comments to date. Like the previous reviewer, I am intrigued by why one film should have been given much more attention than the other. <br /> <br /> The difference between these two films is that Patton is more focused, concentrating on a relatively short period immediately after the end of World War II, while MacArthur covers not only this war, but and the role of her subject in the Korean War, as well as his period as the American Governor of occupied Japan during the recess. /> <br /> The main difference, however, is how the two leaders play. Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George S. Scott dominates Patton. Whereas Scott had another major star, Carl Malden, playing opposite him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in MacArthur are nominal, at least for their film work. Scott, of course, portrayed Patton as an aggressive and quick-tempered man who at times fought with the rest of humanity, and not just with the enemy. I suspect that in real life, General MacArthur was as volcanic a man as Patton, but this is not how he appears in this film. MacArthur Peck has a more reflective, thoughtful inclination, comparable to the liberal intellectuals that he has played in some of his other films. At times he even seems to be a man of political left. Much of his speech on the occasion of Japan’s capitulation in 1945 could have been written by a paid CND member, and his policy of reforming Japanese society during the American occupation is semi-socialist. In an attempt to show something off MacArthur’s gift for inspirational leadership, Peck makes him an excellent speaker, but his speeches always seem to be more obliged to the learned tricks of experienced rhetoric than to any fire in the heart. As if Atticus Finch from “Kill a Mockingbird” put on the uniform of a general. <br /> <br /> While Scott tried to make Patton's portrait “warts and everything”, criticism was expressed that MacArthur was trying to disguise some of the less attractive qualities of his subject. I think this criticism is fair, especially with regard to the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to resist intervening, militarily unarmed politicians who did not know how to fight a war, and were fired for their efforts when victory was in his hands. Of course, many historians believe that Truman was forced to dismiss MacArthur because the latter’s behavior became a threat to world peace and he had no choice but to accept a stalemate because Stalin would not allow the humiliation of his Chinese allies. Even during the Korean scenes, MacArthur Peck looks more idealistic than his real original; we see little of his rashness and naivety on political issues. (Truman’s comment “he knows about politics as much as a pig knows about Sunday” was said about Eisenhower, but it could be applied with the same success to MacArthur’s approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the film’s attempt to paint some MacArthur's warts reflects the period in which it was made. The end of the seventies, after the double injuries in Vietnam and Watergate, was a difficult time for America, and the public seeking confidence could welcome the reassuringly heroic depiction of a military figure from the previous generation. Another criticism that I would say about the film is that it falls between two stools. If it was intended to be a complete biography of MacArthur, something had to be revealed about his youth, which is not covered at all. (The first thing we see about the general is when he leads the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One of the themes that permeates the entire film is the influence of the father of General MacArthur, who himself is a military hero. I would like to see what kind of person Arthur MacArthur was and why his son considers him such a hero and role model. Another interesting way of making the film would be to focus on Korea and on the clash between MacArthur and Truman, with equal fame given to both men, and with actors of equal height playing them. The way the film was actually made seemed less interesting to me than any of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> However, it would be wrong to create the impression that I didn’t like the film at all. Although I may have disagreed with Peck’s leading role interpretation, one cannot deny that he played it with his usual professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, business-like biographical, thoughtful and informative. This is a good movie, but it could be better. 7/10. <br /> <br /> On a pedantic note, the map on which MacArthur is depicted during the Korean War shows the DMZ, the border between two Korean states, which did not emerge until after the war. (The 38th parallel was the pre-war border). In addition, I think that MacArthur meant the "toxins" of war. War can be toxic, but it is difficult to listen to the toxin with a thirsty ear.
