When I was on a Hollywood video, I was watching their movies, and there was DEMONICUS for five cigarettes plus fifty percent! I saw it only once and could not miss this big deal! The second view was much better than the first. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you haven’t seen Demonicus yet, I recommend that you do it, or if you rented and hated Demonicus, give it one more chance, since another viewing may change your mind. If you saw a copy on a Hollywood video at the price for which I received it, do not hand it over, because this is a great deal! <br /> <br /> “Demonik” is a completely different, but fascinating film. Believe it or not It’s like watching an interactive video game without playing it! She has a very low budget and actors, I am sure that no one is familiar with her. We started a video game, I mean a movie with a boyfriend and a woman, somewhere in Italy, and there is a cave that actually looks like a railway / railroad tunnel, and she says that you don’t go there and what he does Normal things! He did not listen to him! He enters there and finds a lot of artifacts and armor of a gladiator, as well as the almost perfectly preserved body of the legendary gladiator named Tyranosis! Where did the chair on which Tyranose sat and where did his body stay so good, and where did the cauldron come from? have taken? So each cave is full of the Cautron Pot? Tyrannosis wears its armor, helmet and weapon or two. He does the stupidest thing a man can do, he puts on a helmet and captures the spirit of tyranny! From there, he walks, just killing all the campers nearby to return the real tyrant. <br /> <br /> Now I have said that it looks like a video game. It is difficult to explain, but it seems so. The music even sounds like video games. Acting is really terrible. The actors say things like why he does it, oh, he's already gone crazy, and well, since he's gone crazy, I'm going home! Also in the film there are also some serious mistakes, such as the Guy runs and tries to find his girlfriend at night, and runs during the day, still looking for her without a break! <br /> <br /> There are mistakes in this film, but it’s not Classics like Werewolf, but it’s interesting, if you like low budget movies that are prone to mistakes, then you’d better watch Demonicus!
