The effects of work-related stress and the pressure generated by the moral dilemma that puts conscience against the obligations of the family business (albeit unique) that everyone excites - or, perhaps, the catalyst - of the midlife crisis, are in the grim and exciting drama "Panic" written and directed by Henry Bromell, starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. This is an indicative look at how indecision and denial can lead to internal strife and suffering, which ultimately lead to apathy and to the moment of truth, when the conflict must, of necessity, finally be resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; he has a loving wife Martha (Tracy Ullman), premature six-year-old son Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail order that he runs out of the house, as well as his main source of income, `the family 'he shares with his father Michael (Sutherland) and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bane). But it is empty; The years spent in this particular profession brought him into a stupor and detachment, which brought him to a mental state, which made him turn to a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And even worse (or maybe better, depending on perspective), in the reception of Dr. Parks, he meets a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence alone makes him feel alive for the first time, as he can remember She quickly becomes another brick in the wall of moral conflict that his work has befallen for him, since in the days after their meeting he simply cannot stop thinking about her. It seems his whole life has become a “situation” in which he apparently cannot successfully destroy himself without harming those whom he loves. He may deny his age and the fact that he has really fallen into a real mid-life crisis, but he is going to find that the problems he faces simply will not disappear on their own. He is at a crossroads, and he will have to decide which way to go. And he will have to do it very soon. <br /> <br /> From a concept that is intrinsically interesting, Bromell created a fascinating study of character, insightful and insightful, and he imagines that it is a way that allows moments of reflection that allow the audience to empathize and understand what Alex is going through. He makes it very clear that there are no simple answers, that in real life there is no easy way out. His characters are well defined and very real people who represent the diversity found in life and, moreover, within any single family. The film convincingly implies that the sins of the father are irrefutably transmitted to offspring with irreversible consequences and consequences. When you grow, you accept your personal environment as the world around you; and often in adulthood, you can begin to realize and understand that in fact every person who travels around the planet sets moral parameters, and those established by the father may not correspond to the principles of his son. And it is at this point that Alex discovers himself as the story unfolds; therefore, a midlife crisis, or, more specifically, a crisis of conscience, from which he cannot escape. This is a powerful message, concisely and subtly conveyed by Bromel, with the help of some outstanding performances of its actors. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. Macy was one of the main actors in the business of creating such diverse characters as the quiz Kid Donnie Smith in Magnolia, Shoveler in Secret People and Jerry Lundegor at Fargo. And this is just an example of his many achievements. Once in this film, Sarah mentions Alex's “sad eyes”, and this is a very eloquent comment, because this is the power of Macy’s performance here, his ability to convey very real emotions in an understated, believable form that expresses all the inner turmoil he is experiencing. Consider a scene in which he lies awake in bed and looks into the darkness; in this one troubled moment, it becomes clear that he is struggling not only with his immediate position, but with everything in his life, which finally brought him to this moment. In this scene you will find the total amount of life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, which all have been successfully suppressed so far; all things that have always been at the center of Alex’s life are only now gradually breaking through his defense mechanisms and, finally, emerging, demanding confrontation and resolution. This is a complex character, created and staged by Macy with absolute precision, which makes Alex really memorable. This is a character that anyone who has ever encountered a situation that would seem insurmountable can face. This is a terrific work by one of the best actors in the world. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is also extremely effective; his Michael is despicably ominous, so real that it is frightening. In fact, it is scary to think that there are people who walk the earth. This is not some kind of fiction or villain like James Bond, but a real personification of evil, hidden behind the appearance so normal that he can be the guy next door, which makes him even more embarrassing. And Sutherland brings it all to life brilliantly, with great performance. <br /> <br /> Nevea Campbell looks like Sarah, but her performance (as is usually the case with her) seems somewhat pretentious, although her behavior affects here just happens to fit the character and is actually a positive aspect of the film. If only she would occasionally turn her energies inwards, it would make a huge difference in how she presented her characters. Panic, however, is one of her best efforts; a powerful film that, after all, is worth seeing. 9/10. <br /> <br />
