Last Christmas I was lucky to get one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne boxed sets from my Better Half, but I postponed watching the final part of the trilogy until yesterday. Considering how many recent trilogy stumbled upon the finish line instead of going through it with triumph, I was somewhat afraid to approach the Bourne Ultimatum, but I really shouldn't have worried. The sequences of electrical action and dramatic battle scenes are easily combined with intellectual plot lines, making this film one of the best action films I can remember, and the sublime end of an excellent series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after an apparent leak about Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on an old Treadstone project - journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) in the Guardian. Determined to reveal more about his half-remembered past, Bourn finds a trace again, but others in the CIA, including Deputy Director Noa Vosén (David Strathairn), believe that Born himself is a leak and begin to pursue the fraudster with new force. Will Born finally find the answers he was looking for, or will his old employers silence him forever? <br /> <br /> Personally, I was a little disappointed with the “Bourne Supremacy”, as he ditched the realism of his battle scenes with the trademark and focused on becoming a real spy movie. Not to mention the fact that he lost it as a whole, but compared to the fantastic “Bourne Identity”, he looked more like a slow spy novel, not like a fighter. There is no such concern - every car accident, punch, punch and pistol shot are heard and felt with intuitive delight, but, fortunately, there is still a surprisingly intelligent and exciting spy story in his heart to justify the action. It also brilliantly ties together the two earlier films, providing a suitable support for the trilogy, as things are explained and expanded until the full picture is revealed. The performances everywhere are almost flawless - even Julia Styles is starting to offer something more than just a fascinating look. The only real flaw is that this, like the other Bourne movies, has nothing to do with the original novel, but if you are not a stubborn Ludlum fan, in reality this is not the real reason for not loving a movie like this from the movie. very high caliber. <br /> <br /> Nothing pleases me more than a film that pleasantly surprises me, and, despite my fears, Ultimate Bourne is a stunning film filled with enough crunchy bones of action to satisfy the meat and plot. that never threatens to divert your attention for a minute. Even on the last drum, you can never be completely sure that a happy ending is guaranteed, but whether you are a fan of the show or not (and if not, what else do you want?), You really should track this film down as soon as you can. No wonder that this series made the producers of Bond films throw more than forty years of cinema history to start all over again. Born is a modern spy hero, so the latest Bond films more closely resemble Austin Powers, until Casino Royale gave the Bond series a reload, which he desperately needed. Skipping the Jason Bourne Movies is a crime worth giving out - go get a copy of the DVD. But not the Ultimate Bourne collection - I'm afraid a limited edition!
