I thought Rachel York was fantastic, like "Lucy." I also saw her in Kiss Me, Kate and Victor / Victoria, and in each of these performances she developed very different and very real characteristics. She is a chameleon that can play (and sing) anything! <br /> <br /> I am very surprised at how many negative reviews appear here regarding Rachel’s performance in "Lucy". Even some bona fide television and entertainment critics seem to have missed the meaning of her image. So many people focused on the fact that Rachel doesn't really look like Lucy. My answer to this: “So what?” I was not looking for superficial imitation of Lucy. I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel certainly gave us this, very deeply. I also didn’t want someone to just “do” Lucy’s classic exercises. Therefore, I was very pleased with the decision of the producers and the director, so that Rachel portrayed Lucy at the rehearsal for the most memorable of these scenes - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some of the reviewers did not understand that these two scenes should have been rehearsal sequences, not actual sketches). This approach, I thought, gave an innovative twist to the sketches that many of us know by heart. I also thought that Rachel was terribly fresh and funny in these scenes. And she absolutely nailed the routines that were recreated - in particular, the Professor and the Grapes. There was one moment on the Grape stage when Rachel’s mouth was exactly as small as I remember in Lucy. I could not believe that she was able to catch it - and this is natural. <br /> <br /> I wonder if many of those who criticized the show expected to see Ball Lucille "I love Lucy" throughout the entire film. In the end, those of us who recognized her only on TV did not know what Lucy was in her early cinema years. I think Rachel showed a natural progression in character, which was brilliant. She planted all the necessary seeds so that we could see a clown who was just waiting to appear, given the right circumstances. Lucy did not fit the form of the old studio system. In her unsuccessful attempts to become a stereotypical movie star of that era, she continued to suppress what would be her final gift. <br /> <br /> I think Rachel deftly captured comedy, drama, wit, sadness, anger Passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sexuality, self-absorption, childishness and stoicism - all in one complex American icon. And she did it with authenticity and freshness, which was very sweet. "Lucy" was a star turn for Rachel York. I hope this will bring a flood of great roles on her path in the future. I also hope that this will bring her Amy.
