When the Bourne personality appeared five years ago, I must admit that I did not think about it. At that time I was eleven years old, so maybe I was too young to really dive into the storyline and understand the whole script. Two years ago, when Born's superiority appeared, I thought it was a better film than Identity, but I still didn’t think that he was as good as I expected, judging by the trailers. Over the past two years, I was told many times that the Bourne films were amazing, many times I had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about movies. Two months ago, I could not give a damn about Born's ultimatum, I really was not going to watch it. But then I decided to go back and revise the first two, before I came to any drastic decisions. So I went out and bought both original films. And what a surprise for me when I was embraced by them. I found the identity of both above, but the superiority is not far behind. They are both sleek, exciting, and exciting parts of the movie that I have watched many times since I bought them. Because of this, today I was first in line to see the Bourne ultimatum. And the boy Bourne Ultimatum did not disappoint! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bourne films, I saw him in “The Talented Mr. Ripley,” but I never thought about him at all. However, it seems he was born to play Born (sorry for the pun). Throughout this entire series, we saw a change in character before our eyes, in this film we see Matt Damon at his best, even better than he was in “The Departed”, and I thought he was one of the best things in “The Departed ". You really care about the character and hope that he finds out. Matt Damon plays a role with calm intensity, and you always find his character incredibly believable. The cast of the film was also absolutely outstanding. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things about Bourne Supremacy, here she transcends herself. Her character is also very believable, and she has some perfectly played moments by the end of the film. Julia Stiles reappears in the role of Nicky, and finally, we learn a little about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actress, and I think she deserves a lot more roles, quite decent roles than she gets. David Strathairn is new to this series, because Noah Vos, he is definitely the bad guy in the film and he is really excellent. He is definitely the most disagreeable character we've ever met, and some of his decisions are really disgusting. Strathairn enjoys the role, and he also gets some excellent scenes in the film. Special mention should be made of Albert Finney, who uses all his too short time on the screen, I will not say anything about the character, it is best to surprise him, but believe me, his scenes are some of the highlights of the film. <br /> <br /> In the films about Borne, special attention was always paid to the plot line, not to action sequences. This is not to say that the trilogy lacks militant sequences, oh my, there are not many of them scattered throughout all the films. But running around the whole movie is a very well-written and well-functioning storyline. This storyline ends in the best way that you can imagine in this movie. When I watched “Superiority” the night before I saw the ultimatum, it was pleasant, because I could notice some small details. This very last scene in Excellence in New York is much more important than I ever imagined. Do not spoil it to people, but I recommend checking the superiority before seeing the ultimatum. Unfortunately, although for many people they will look at the ultimatum solely because of the sequence of actions. This is the part where I have to condemn such people and say that they should see it for the storyline, but I would have lied if I had not said that my favorite parts of the Born series as a whole are car chases. Identity's mini-chase is one of my favorite chases of all time. Well, the action in the Ultimatum should be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the film begins with an action movie in Moscow. Thus, during the movie we get a lot of blows, all very cruel and shockingly cruel. Absolutely amazing chasing the bike, even more amazing chasing the legs, unforgettable chasing the car and much more! But the main point for me should be the scene at Waterloo station, whether it will spoil it, but for some reason I was caught. <br /> <br /> So, any film flaws? In my opinion not, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, then I would not recommend Ultimatum for you. The film does not try to win new fans, as it sticks to what the franchise does best, and just adds a little more storyline and action sequences from above. Bourne's ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the TV series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As a fan of James Bond, I am honored to say that an ultimatum is much better than most Bond films, and, believe me, it takes a lot for me to say this. Although Bourne as a whole cannot be a better franchise than the Bond series, it is definitely almost equal to it.
