I never felt shy to say that most of the militants simply do nothing for me. In most cases, they are the obvious vehicles to blow things up, show off sexy models and throw out any semblance of reality or intelligence into the window. With that said, the Bourne series was fantastic. Doug Lyman discovered a new approach to action, using a more cinematic style, showing the fights in full force and making our super spy someone to whom we can relate both emotionally and humanly. This is not the sci-fi absurdity that Bond was (before they made the restructuring in the style of this series no less). There were a lot of concerns when the Born supremacy appeared. With the coming to power of director Paul Greengrass, what could have been a second-hand copy of the original was ultimately an improvement in style and style. The stakes were raised, and the story was intensified because of this. Greengrass needs to be commended for being able to maintain visibility with the latest installment, the Bourne Ultimatum. In the surprising conclusion of the top-notch trilogy, action goes to a new level, and history and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again, Born is being reported to the CIA about false pretenses. Someone leaked the information about the Treadstone upgrade called Blackbriar, and as soon as Born tries to find a companion who broke the story, he is considered a mole. Only Pamela Landy, the one who searched for him in Supremacy, knows that he cannot be the only one. Bourne’s motive has always been to stay away from the government and live peacefully. It is the CIA that continues to bring it back in the open to harm them. In the end, it turns out that Born also wants to know the source in order to finally know the truth about who he is and what made him a murderer. The film thus turns into a pursuit of time and with each other, to find the source and see if the government can close the gap and tie all loose ends, or Bourne can take revenge on those who have deprived him of life. br /> <br /> In that, perhaps, is the simplest storyline of the series, with a single chase, continuing the whole story, she may have the largest set of characters and a coup of loyalty to expose the corruption that was behind the full the history of development. This, however, is not at all harmful, since it allows for more battles and chases that work in the full context of the plot. The entrance to this film is worth it to fight for an apartment, between Born and the second CIA asset, alone. The pursuit of the windows in Madrid is cool in itself, but when they finally meet, we’ll get a fight for about ten minutes, which is as inspiring as any scene you see. In addition, instead of using a massive car chase as a climate storyline, as in the first two films, instead we run three small-scale road races, equally intense, but startled enough to never get bogged down in monotony. <Br /> <br /> After five years of waiting, we also learn about the origin of our favorite operative with heart and feeling. By the end of the film, we will learn what caused all the espionage and destruction that occurred around it. No one could do it better than Matt Damon. He has a physique and attitude to be believable in the sequences of actions, but also a range to extract moments of intelligence and conformity of the cat and mouse with those against him. Joan Allen repeats his role with the same dedication to his work, but with even greater disappointment in what is happening around her after Brian Cox’s character from the first two films took matters into his own hands. We need a role in this image, we are given a good turn from David Strathern. Like Coke, he works at the top of the food chain and does not respond to anyone when making decisions. As much as he tries to cover up any ties with his Blackbriar bosses, as he tries to do his duty to his country, you can never accurately assess what he is capable of. Even the little guys do a wonderful job, like Paddy Considine as a reporter who starts a leak at the center of everything, Albert Finney as a man from the Bourne past and perhaps the key to his origin, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA operatives to remove Born. Ramirez is a good addition to the role that Identity, Carl Urban, and Martin Chokas (Supremacy) have successfully played. He speaks little, if at all, but he has a great appearance and robotic efficiency, and I hope he will get more roles to show what he can do after a nice turn in Domino. <br /> <br /> In the end, Paul Greengrass should be applauded for continuing to exceed expectations, and bring this series to a conclusion that is based on the success of his predecessors, and does not destroy them. His ability to look at his hands in close-up is amazing and possesses the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without any cuts causing seizures. Instead of experiencing a feeling of overproduction, using it with portable devices improves the environment and forces you to action. Let's also pay homage to filmmaker Oliver Wood, who has shot all three Bourne films. He was able to work with both directors and work with his style in good harmony with them.
