In fact, it was an attempt to do the same with Batman, which was done with Gilligan's Island in Gilligan's Island of the Survivors. For those of you who missed it (and shame!) "Gilligan's Surviving Island" (full name: "Gilligan's Surviving Island: an incredibly true story of the longest three-hour tour in history") was special from a few years ago where Bob Denver (" Gilligan "), Don Wells (" Mary Ann ") and Russell Johnson (" Professor ") told the story of the creation, cancellation, re-opening and revival of the show. Along the way, the plots were dramatized with the participation of actors depicting actors and a film crew. It was very well done. It was fun, well-played and looked like a genuine show document. <br /> <br /> “Return to Batkeave: Adam and Bert’s misfortunes” in the same style. Retelling the history of the show, reconstruction, general feeling - all the same. What is missing is the simple approach that the Survivor has followed. <br /> <br /> In The Returns, Adam West and Burt Ward both receive invitations to the auto show, to which they should not have been invited. Having received permission to stay, Adam and Bert witness the theft of the main part of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Bert decide to pursue them themselves, leading them through clues that make them think about the history of the show. Ultimately, this leads to the disclosure of who stole the Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> The choice of this vanity (actually with the plot) is the biggest disappointment of this show. Unlike Survival, Return makes the viewer follow a less interesting storyline (theft of the Batmobile) instead of focusing his attention on what the audience would be most interested in (the story of the show). historical sections that work best. Casting (as in "Survival") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Bert Ward") capture the feelings of the actors without looking too much like them. Brett Rikabi ("Frank Gorshin") bears a stronger resemblance to his subject, but does not reflect a single charm of the late Gorshin, but only his characteristics. Images of other actors are short and functional, and no one stands out as particularly good or bad. Many of the stories have been told before, but they mostly have fun, only occasionally clumsily outlining. Another remarkable episode of the historical sections was the use of footage about Lyle Wagoner’s testing for the role of Batman. The only place where memories fail is when they insert clearly plotted points to advance the main story. This uselessly reduces the accuracy of memories. <br /> <br /> “The main plot” (if this is what we have to name) is, of course, ridiculous. This is actually not a mistake in itself, but it is not good enough to cover the deficit. Strong speeches and good writing can make up for a stupid conspiracy (especially in such things), but we really do not get either one or the other. The performances of West and Ward seem somewhat flat (even for them); the dialogue is too carefully written to feel natural. Again, I think that the comparison with Gilligan's Island of Survival can be seen in the fact that the dialogue is basically just to set up a memory. In "Survival" is all that intends to be. In The Return, he tries to do double duty and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmar succeed (although I agree with others that Gorshin did not age very well, and Newmar did that Wagoner looked so good?), But not enough for that. Again, I think that all of them would be better served by a simpler presentation than the one that was chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another strange point regarding the "Return". This is a special offer about the series "Batman" and its history, but all shown clips are taken from a theatrical film. Even the Wagoner frames are technically movie frames. If you know that you are a “bat story”, then you know that the film was originally planned to be made first, but only in favor of a television show, when CBS needed to quickly fill the time. Therefore, when Wagoner and West checked out the role, it was for the film, not for the TV show. Why "Return" uses only footage is unclear. Most likely, this is related to human rights issues, but it clearly distracts those in the know: to see Julie Newmar in the present, but only Lee Merivezer frames as cat women in the past. <br /> <br /> In general, I liked the show, mostly for the memories. I would prefer the style used in Gilligan's Island of Survival, but I can understand why they would like a more plot-oriented piece to fit the subject. Also, I like these people. It's nice to see them everywhere, still having fun with one of the great pieces of entertainment history. I would just like them to make it a little better, and when more of the original composition was still alive, to be there.
