I didn’t like many TV shows after 1990, but this 70S SHOW is great. Having never seen him during his first launch, thinking that he has a useless period, I was mistaken! I started watching replays, and the more I watched, the more I liked! Now this is the only show since 1990 that I watch regularly. <br /> <br /> Although the 70s show mimics some of the styles, looks, music, and tastes of the 70s, it doesn't spoil itself. this decade, having got over with links and a sight of 70th years. It contains so much funny, witty, sharp dialogue, which is delivered with confidence and confidence by its basic composition, that it overcomes any cliches of the 70s, just being humorous. Humor is what makes the show always watchable. <br /> <br /> Although a funny comedy series, no matter what time period, the uniqueness of the 70's ridicule, works in his favor, as it gives the show a brand identity. But focusing on universal problems (family problems, adolescent anxiety, family problems, peer pressure), solving all of them with comic aplomb, which gives the show a massive appeal. <br /> <br /> Center of the show - one Eric Forman (played to the absolute comic perfection of the future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super skinny, defiant-looking, non-athletic teenager, and he still looks very cool because of Grace's brilliant self-deprecation. Erik has 5 friends: Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played by Laura Pripon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama, respectively). We will see life in Point Place, Wisconsin, through the eyes of these 6 teenagers, and we still have much to see! Donna, a far-sighted feminist, is Eric's love object, and the two have a major show connection. They become a couple pretty soon after the show starts, and they are NEVER boring couples. Most eps shows end up having a meaningful conversation about them and their future, and it works like a great insightful weekend, which works as the perfect stand-up to previous fun. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon moves in with the Foreman when his mother leaves him; Hyde is a soft, Zen, cool group member, he just sits back, watches and laughs at his buddies with a little aplomb. Kelso is the most stupid of the group, and Kutcher plays an absolute handle in it, demonstrating an amazing physical comedy, as well as telling some of the most absurdly hilarious ideas and stories! Jackie, who started as Kelso's girlfriend, is a verbose, self-absorbed debutant, cheerleader and initially accepted only as part of the C / S group Kelso, but she manages to curry favor to the extent that they MUST accept her! And finally, Fez! Fez is an exchange student from some unknown country (we don’t know exactly where), and he is a stolen one! "I said good day!" "You son b * hh!" Valderama has only a foreign accent, because he really doesn’t have it, he is always in character and creates one of the most unique characters I've ever seen. His moments of stealing a scene often help make a show for me. <br /> <br /> The show constantly immerses us in the minds and thoughts of these characters through exciting fantasy scenes about how they want or imagine things. The gang constantly gets into trouble (most of them on purpose). They constantly play jokes with the people of Point Place and with each other. Most of the time they hang out in Eric's plot in the basement, in pontifications or just in the game. <br /> <br /> The show also features Eric's parents, a formidable Red Communist hate and an attractive, happy, lucky Kitty (remembered by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Jopp Rapp). These 2 adults give the show a very necessary mature point of view and constantly criticize and advise 6 not to do good. Red and Kitty are skillfully supported by Donna's parents, crazy Bob (perfectly played for full-length Don Stark) and blonde fool Midge (super-sexy Tanya Roberts, who was at the show about half of her run). In addition, for 3 full seasons, Erika's sister from hell Laurie (brilliantly played by the wickedly sexy girlfriend of Farrah-Fawcett Lisa Robin Kelly) brought great refreshing relief to counter the machinations of the main 6 and become a bore for Eric and her parents. hand! Kelly returned as a guest character for several seasons 5 eps. But, unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems led to the fact that in season 6 she was replaced by a terrible new actress. Fortunately, the newcomer did not last long and disappeared after several seasons of 6 eps! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of the 7th season, Topher Grace (Eric) and at the beginning of the 8th season, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show, and he hasn’t recovered since 8 th season was the last. Grace and Kutcher returned to the series finale, however, giving the show a satisfactory conclusion. <br /> <br /> A lot of great supporting characters and heroes would help to keep the show fresh thanks to the added nostalgia and humor. Top-notch support players were forever high Leo (playing on the hilt of Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (terrific comic Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also received the legends Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) will play the Reds and Kitty Moms, respectively. Also, many celebrities from the 70s, from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW), from Charo to Ted Nugent to K.I.S.S! It goes on and on! <br /> <br /> THAT 70S SHOW is a TV classic! With terrific nostalgic honors and references of the 70s, cheerful dialogue and delivery, as well as a senseless “do not take prisoner” comedy style
