Over the past years, we saw many ridiculous acts of writers, when the show just needed to continue no matter what, the preservation of the “8 simple rules” after John Ritter’s death came to mind, but this was probably the first time I cared. The idea of ​​the "Show 70s" without Erik or, to a lesser extent, Kelso, is simply ridiculous. They tried to cover up with the return of Leo and the increasingly outrageous storylines, but it was always felt that why bother when you no longer have the main character. It simply did not bind, it was a bunch of unrelated things, which in most cases were not even funny. Last season seemed like a season too big for each character, simply because Eric was taking a lot of time on the screen, and now we would be amazed at how stale and repetitive the rest of the characters were. Focusing on the Fez trick was completely uninteresting, and the character simply stopped working because the whole idea was that he was saying something strange from nowhere, and you could not say things from nowhere when every second line of yours. They also led Oliver’s standard cousin, only this time it was not a child. Whenever you heard someone knocking on the door, you would begin to pray that it would not be Randy, please, do not let it be Randy. The deal with Randy was that he would make really awful jokes, usually, as Red would say, smile like an ass, and completely spoil the delivery, and Donna will be at the seams. I think more than half of last season Donna pretended to be surprised. However, the problems began earlier: what was once a truly great show with the same great concept that this time not about a dysfunctional family slowly penetrated the territory of the soap opera. Everyone began to fall in love with everyone, emotional scenes were overwhelmed with nausea, when one usually disgusting joke was placed somewhere to divert attention from what we were watching, “How the world unfolds.” I guess it was a development of character, but come on, it was written almost as awkwardly as the moral lessons from Family Affairs. Honestly, the last episode, also due to the fact that it was a cameo Topper Grace (a cameo in his own show), was really good, although not so funny. <br /> <br /> By the way, while more criticism in the 8th season: what the hell was the initial theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (the character does not sing), Fez scared the hell out of me. Dude, don't open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons or so, among the best comedy broadcasts.
