Before I saw this, I was just expecting another mediocre soft copy of the very imitating Emmanuel series with Sylvia Christelle in the lead role. It was really amazing how well it turned out. He does have a story, and it is really very romantic. What makes “Yellow Emmanuel” so good is her leading character, the beautiful and exotic Tea Lee. She plays her character, Amy Wong, so sweetly that the viewer just has to feel something when her dreams crumble around her. Amy Wong is a very respected doctor, stately, with a royal quality. She comes from an important old family, where ancient customs are still practiced. Amy will remain a virgin until she marries a man she has never met. The lovely doctor seems to be fine with this arranged marriage. This is just how it is done in her world. However, she does not plan to meet and fall in love with a British pilot who is under her care in the hospital where she works. Amy decides to end the custom and gives herself to her western man. But only after a very long courtship, because Dr. Wong is not an easy woman. Her pilot George is a good guy and promises to marry Amy so that she does not lose her respectability and a place in a tough society. No one is counting on a third party, on one Ilona Staller, who destroys their relationship with a series of vicious games. Amy is led to believe that she was abandoned by her man, that he played with her only to sleep with her. Her place in society was gone, she was humiliated. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing turn, as this proud, elegant woman abandons her career as well as a sweet relationship with her caring father and gives way to a life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself so absorbed in this operatic tragic story. I was on the edge of my place when George blows back into the city, and unknowingly enters the hotel where his beautiful Amy works as a prostitute! Classic drama. I believe many viewers were a little upset by this drama. You can expect a lot of sex and nudity here, but not so much. And when there is, it is absolutely not exploitative, and very pretentious and soft. If you are a fan of the first Emmanuel with Sylvia Christelle, then most likely you will appreciate this less well-known classic. I was particularly impressed with the extra attention to detail. The whole segment where Amy takes George to her father’s house on the island is really good. Her father shows George, and the audience his impressive collection of bonsai trees. He has a whole miniature forest built of these amazing trees. Totally unexpected. After a few years ago I saw him on cable television late at night, I searched for a lot of time on the Internet for a copy of the film. When I finally got it, I discovered that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. For the DVD release, there is a story about how George suddenly fell over from some unknown deadly disease! I actually preferred the cable version better. I am glad that this rare gem was finally released on DVD. I should also mention the beautiful cinematography and the strange and memorable soundtrack of the 70s. When viewing this, you simply feel that you are watching something very rare and very special. I recommend this to thoughtful viewers who do not need sex and violence to maintain their interest.
