“I'm Curious” (yellow) (the film, not far from “Susan Rhyming”, is said to be available in two versions from the very beginning, “Yellow” and “Blue”), was one of those big art house hits that First there was a big sensation in Sweden, and then a big scandal / excuse in the United States, when one print was detained by customs and reached the Supreme Court. Today, the picture is not so strong that it can offend what is revealed in sex or nudity - director / "actor" Wilgot Schoman shoots various scenes in such a way that flesh and genitalia are present in abundance, and a random graphic fragment, but he always a more intelligent expression than a very lustful one, but a bold attempt at pure “metafilm”, at the same time making a true statement of the state of affairs in Sweden. Who knew that such things in a normally peaceful country (i.e., usually neutral with regard to foreign affairs and wars) can be so tense politically? At least that's part of Shoman’s goal here. <br /> <br /> As a director, such as Dusan Makavaev, with some of his works, such as WR (if not as surreal and crazy) or, to a lesser extent, Bertolucci, Shoman tries to mix politics and sex (in mainly politics and social strata) at the same time makes a comment about the inclusion of the character in the film. The two characters, Lena and Borzh, had a cold relationship in the film, where Lena is a “curious” socialist who demonstrates nonviolence on the street and “trains” her own kind in a hut in the forest. to become fully operational, and at the same time, perhaps too curious about his boyfriend car salesman. And as this happens, which in itself is enough for one movie, from time to time Shoman inserts himself and his team when they shoot this the story in the film (even halfway there is somewhere, like at a rock concert, title cards are filled during a break in shooting, who is the team, denying the need to use end credits!) Then there is a whole different dynamic with this, as Sjoman gives a real impression Putting up, and not just “hey, I’m the director the director” a bit. <br /> <br /> At first, you may not be able to get this structure, and what I’m curious about (yellow) is just a film where Lena is a documentary interviewer, asking questions about their thoughts about class, Spain and Franco’s socialism, and from time to time we see Lena’s or Björ's father. But Schoman does something interesting: the structure is so slippery that the viewer has to stand on its feet; It is impressive that many years of work on the film may surprise that they are not afraid to mix the dramatic narrative Maintenance, a documentary film in the film and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a quasi-guru for Lena. This may not always be a completely consistent political analysis, but he does not feel like a deceiver or even with a big satirical program, as in the picture of Godard; The satire pursued by Schoman is like Godard, but on a different wave. His anarchy is playful, but not fully loaded with semantics or tricks that could alienate the less initiated viewer. <br /> <br /> If I Am Curious (Yellow) acts as an intelligent enterprise and a full-scale journey into the study of Sex in a way that was and is exciting for how much is shown and how it all seems convenient for the actors, I think he is not entirely successful, as an emotional experience. While Bergman reached level T with creating a purely emotional film with deconstruction trends, Shoman is more inclined to connect with concrete ideas, although in fact he does not always manage very well when it comes time to do big or thin scenes with actors. Sometimes it works, if only for the actors, Lena Naiman (mostly impressive here in the play, who asks her to turn an ambitious but embarrassed child into someone sympathetic and even vulnerable) and Borche Aalstedt (an excellent realistic counterpoint to the changeable Lena), but about 40 years later it is difficult to completely relate everything that happens in the inner film about Lena and Borzh, because (perhaps intentionally) Shyoman fills his cliché (Borzh has a girl and a child, he will leave her, like Lena reconcile her father) and tough narration of a kind of starlet. <br /> <br /> And yet, despite all the shortcomings that Shoman can have, ironically, he believes that this is a comment to himself, I'm curious (Yellow) is perfect for an artistic experiment to test the waters of what could be done in the Swedish cinema, or checking out what cannot be, and bending it for provocative and comedy use. I would even go so far as to say that he was influential, and probably copied or imitated more than one, because at that time he was such a cult phenomenon (a special method was used, the film rewound to the end, repeats at worst use in Fun Games), and should be seen by anyone studying avant-garde or meta-filmmaking. If this is not such an outstanding artistic leap as W.R. or Last Tango, it's over.
