In future society, the military component should not recruit; rather, their candidates are selected at birth, selected from nurseries and intended to serve the government all their lives. They are transferred to the military machine, body and soul, only for protection and service; they have no personal identity other than name and rank, and no autonomy. This is the fate of those whose fate is predetermined for them in “The Soldier”, directed by Paul Anderson, and in which Kurt Russell is in the lead role. The script is complex and bleak, as the film begins with the image of the training of soldiers during the coming periods of time, from adolescence to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we see his career as he performs his duties exemplary in campaign after campaign; he is who he was born to be a soldier. But even the best can not last forever, and the day comes when Todd and his peers cease to be the elite. A new generation of soldiers, products of advanced genetics and technology was created, and Todd's generation was suddenly outdated. This is followed by the story of a man who must fight for his life, struggling to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, traits new to a soldier who has known only two things all his life: fear and discipline. Russell gives a command presentation like Todd, a soldier who first of all must obey orders without question, suppressing all emotions and individual thoughts. He has few lines in this film, but Russell says a lot with his own eyes. This role demonstrates that he is in fact one of the underrated actors of our time; that he can completely disappear in Todd's character is a merit of his abilities, and with this part he created a man who was completely different from what he had done before. And he gave Todd the depth and authenticity that some of the less talented people could easily have imagined as nothing more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Famous speeches are also presented here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). The cast is completed by Jason Scott Lee, remembered as Kane 607, one of the new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringlson (Rubrics). Anderson released an action movie with a warning story that goes beyond the science fiction genre. "Soldier" reminds us of the importance of maintaining humanity in our lives. This is an interesting way to get us to consider alternatives, such as a bleak future and a world in which good films simply won't matter. Much like "1984" and "Mad Max," this film, which ultimately uplifting, will make you think and think about the universe in which we all should live together and share. I rate it 7/10.
