Why do I like so much DISORGANIZED CRIME? Why am I laughing or laughing out loud every time I think about a dozen or more scenes from this movie? It's hard to explain, but I'll try. First of all, this is really very funny - unlike what many “official” reviews want you to believe. But again, it completely depends on your sense of humor, so there’s no point arguing about it. Often the humor goes in dialogue, and often it is a situational comedy. For example, there is a very funny scene in which 4 gang members were brought up in the back of a truck. When a farmer throws them, they just stand there by the road, covered in cow shit or something else. They are completely upset; then, realizing the humor of the scene, one after another they start laughing at themselves, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), looking (and, of course, smelling) terribly, casually getting some kind of mouth spray to at least do something with his breathing (just a scene description makes me laugh again!). Which leads to the second point: the current one. Fred Gwynn, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Rousse, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (well, lastly overzealous from time to time) all fit perfectly and play their roles beautifully - in fact, you have a feeling that they must have enjoyed it too when making a movie. Thirdly, there is a plot. Jim Kouf, director and screenwriter, very laid-back; he is not in a hurry to uncover the plot and force individual characters to establish themselves. More often than not, there are no real actions, and yet you like these 4 very different people - who are trying to rob a bank, although their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to appear - they are grumbling at each other and even reluctantly as each other. The film is a fantastic parody of a typical story about a bank robbery - completely impossible with all its twists and turns and coincidences, but completely convincing in its love for ironic details. By the way, the name of the film is one of the best I have ever come across, because it presents the story in a completely ironic way. So take my advice: watch this movie, but if you don’t laugh, smile, or smile for the first 10 minutes, forget about it - this is not your type of movie. Ps. The only disadvantage of this film is that there seems to be no way to master the script - if you know how to do it, tell me.
