I like this movie for several reasons. I have a weakness for films about intricate crime scenes, such as TOPKAPI. I also like movies (such as TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that fake the genre. One of the best is a DISTORTED CRIME. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen met four minuses over the years, and he decides that they can all be useful in robbing a bank that he plans in the small town of Montana. But he did not give any details about the crime to his comrades, nor do they really know each other at all. Shortly after he sent for them, Burnsen was arrested by two police officers from New Jersey (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck), from whom he had previously fled, and have a warrant for his return. While he is under their care, four opponents (Fred Gwynn, Lou Diamond Phillips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) appear without a clue as to why they are there, except that Bernsen was planning something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the film are devoted to four shortcomings, which gradually get used to each other, and Gwynn and Phillips have time to ward off their suspicions in order to understand that they need to trust each other. At the same time, we see Bernsen patiently waiting for the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Robuck again - not too difficult, since they are not the brightest light bulbs that have ever existed. The result is two sets of plots that will constantly be compared with each other throughout the film: four minuses trying to figure out what was the scheme of Burns and how to put it into action, and Burns trying to save his freedom from his pursuers and restore his cabin (and, I hope, to find his gang there, so that he would take the command). There is also a third, smaller storyline, which includes growing irritation and anger from local sheriff Hoyt Ekston against the idiots from New Jersey, who continue to his head. <br /> <br /> There are many amazing moments in the film, such as Exton, whom O'Neill and Roebuck were forced to surround the house in the city, inside which Bernsen was supposed to hide and shout (through a megaphone: “Get out, we surrounded you !! ”, only to change the scene to the vast Montana plain, where Bernsen struggles and stumbles through miles from where the police think he is at the moment. The position does not always guarantee something. the moment their car doesn't start, and they have to go in a truck. Unfortunately, this is manure, The hauler of the truck. <br /> <br /> The gang report successfully completed the robbery, including turning off all police cars for the Critical Time (Philips specialty cars) is also a jewel of time, expectations and comic results. The film is very interesting and certainly worth it look.
