I first saw this film when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately, I could not watch it until the end, because it was shown late at night. Now I bought it on DVD, because I remember that I liked it. <br /> <br /> This is really no ordinary horror movie. There are elements of horror in it, but I rather attribute it to fantasy. I liked it, but I was hoping for a bit more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene when Anna's dad enters the paper house, trying to kill her, is a bit short. <br /> <br /> Now to the plot. This film is about a young girl named Anna, who gets sick. While she is sick and forced to lie in her bed because of her large number, she turns to finish her drawing about the house - the storage room. When she sleeps, which often strangely happens right away, she is near the house on a large green field. She understands that the house is similar to the one she painted, and that every new detail also appears in her dreams. One day she draws a boy to the house to talk to someone. Since she forgets to draw his legs (because he is sitting outside the window), the boy cannot walk. Later, the doctor tells her that the boy also has this strange disease, and she realizes that with the boy she painted, she also dragged this boy into her disturbing dreams. She also notices that it is becoming more difficult for her to wake up from her dreams. Because she misses her father, who is often abroad, she draws her father into the house. She makes a mistake, and her father looks very angry in the picture. She tries to wear him out, but she realizes that she cannot change anything already drawn. And the next time she falls asleep, horror begins. Her father is evil and blind (because she draws s *** on his head to mark him as "invalid") and tries to get into the closet and kill Anna and his friend. Her dreams turned into a terrible nightmare. They manage to escape and kill her father, and Anna can finally wake up. Then Anna finds herself in a hospital where her parents are sitting next to her bed. Doctors thought she fell into a coma or so. They tell Anna that the other boy is dead and that they want to go to the ocean to survive these tragic events. Anna draws a watchtower and notices that the same watchtower is near the hotel to which they went. She runs to the watchtower and meets the boy (I just don’t mention his name because I can’t remember him and don’t want to go back to the previous html page) and can say goodbye to him and forget these horrible dreams forever. <br /> There were several things in the film that I did not understand. First of all, it was the final, which I didn’t like at all. I think it is too long, while the main part of the film becomes too short. How does a boy fly a helicopter and talk to Anna, as if he is dead? Why should you put such a stupid radio on a wall? I hated this scene, it was so stupid for me. It almost destroyed the main horror scene. <br /> <br /> I liked the scene with a photo of Anna's father, who was the first real scary and terrible scene. I liked the boy. The actor was awesome. He was even better than Anna. I also liked how Anna was trying to get her father out of the picture while she was sleeping, and how she was looking for him in the trash. <br /> <br /> Overall a good movie. I give him 8 out of 10.
