My name is John Morbi, and this is my story about Paperhouse: in May 2003, I saw Alfred Hitchcock's psycho, I was very scared and deeply alarmed. I started a crazy search for a movie that was just as scary. But no where is not satisfactory. Among the tried and true failures were “Birds,” “Night of the Living Dead,” “Silence of the Lambs,” “Blair Witch,” “The Ring,” “Evil Dead,” “The Sixth Sense,” 28 days later, “Texas Chainsaw Massacre , “Halloween”, “Almost Dark” Alien, Peeping Tom, Cage, Rosemary's Baby, Don't Watch Now, Wizard-General, Friday the 13th and Omen. This should confirm that I was desperate! A long time after I stopped searching, I learned about Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on my favorite book called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse was also mentioned in some of the books that I found in horror films, but they did not tell me about the connection between the book and the film. I learned the truth when I bought a movie online later in the day. <br /> <br /> I thought that Paperhouse would not be faithful to the book and boring. It was wrong, of course, but not boring, of course. This was the answer to my prayers. Marianna is renamed Anna in the film, but most of the original story is the same. Once at school, Anna draws a house in her notebook (nothing remarkable about it), then she falls ill, and every time she faints or falls asleep, she finds herself outside the eerie old house (and I mean really unnerving). Moreover, she also finds that every time she puts something new in a drawing, it appears in the world of dreams, for example, in an apple tree. Anna draws into the dream world a rather sad boy named Mark, who is obviously a man in the real world. Mark is a cripple, but wants to leave the house, Anna readily draws on the lighthouse (a place to go), but the problem remains: Mark cannot go. Therefore, Anna decides to attract her father. She pulls out her pencil and gets too much work, but the result is distorted and disturbing. Anna especially does not like his eyes. Quote "he looks like crazy." Therefore, Anna is trying to erase it and start again, but the pencil is indelible (this means that nothing can be erased). Then Anna loses her temper and crosses out her father's eyes! I leave you so that you yourself will know about the terrible consequences of ill-considered actions. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse truly is the UK response to “A Nightmare on Elm Street”! From watching this movie, I was shocked and upset. But I found what I was looking for in 2 years. The question is how to compare the dose with the psycho? The answer is, 1 old dark house, 2 psychological parental fears, 3 real shock, 4 and very scary music.
