Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever, because of which she loses consciousness and goes into the world of her own creation. The gloomy world that she painted with a sad little boy as a resident of an old, dreary house in the middle of a lonely field. Without going into details, just like any child who paints the house and its inhabitant Mark (who cannot walk because Anna did not draw any legs for him), they are inhabitants of this purgatory / indefinite world. Anna begins to visit the boy and the house more often, trying to figure out what's what, and in the process tries to help save the boy, but her fever makes it difficult for her to wake up every time and can not only kill her, but also trap her and Mark there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! Good word to sum up Bernard Rose's brilliantly-poetic Paperhouse. A film that is so simple that it is almost impossible to explain and impossible to forget. Although you can find this puppy in your horror section, it’s nothing more than. It is rather a serious fantasy, skillfully directed and exceptionally well-played by the actors, in particular Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spears (Mark). And yet, this is not a children's film, but it is intended to make us remember those carefree old days, which are now just dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry with a capricious atmosphere that creates an exciting backdrop for a brilliant story and great actors to play with. Paperhouse avoids trying to explain its more dreamy qualities and leaves most things to the imagination of the audience. There are a lot of symbolism and ambiguity to absorb teeth. Paperhouse loves to play games with the mind of the audience, captivating you with its own sense of reasoning. As the story progressed, I again and again marveled at how powerful the film was able to reach the final, which left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eyes. <br /> <br /> Bernard Rose's visual effects are great here. He is able to create an incredibly dull atmosphere that seems simple on the surface, but in general much more than the sum of its parts. The acting game of young Charlotte Burke in this, her full-length debut, is really impressive. Unfortunately, she has not decorated the screen since. Burnout Central's well-deserved reward only seems appropriate for this performance. In the end, the film is a little behind, but I could easily have missed it. I would like them to take a darker turn, creating a much more powerful final, which would turn out to be even more unnerving and really exciting in retrospect. The film, as it is, is still one of the books and deserves to be watched by all serious movie lovers. This is a poetic journey, told by the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which much remains to be thought out and much more praise.
