I really miss Vestron, they probably had their finger on the pulse of a unique and unusual cinema back in the 1980s. This is very obvious with Amazing Paperhouse, a film that deeply touches me every time I watch it. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a girl manipulating the world of dreams with her drawings (that is, the world of dreams, manipulating reality)), as well as communication and influence on the life of a boy whom she had never met, is fascinating and never disappointing. Charlotte Burke seems rather premature at first, but you get warm with her, because being a little harmful child makes it hard for an adult to believe what she is going through. She becomes very self-conscious and strong towards the end, even finding that she does not “hate the boys,” as she had first defiantly declared. Thanks to this, we get a lot of touching and incredibly scary moments, all of which are visually stunning with a great score from Hans Zimmer. I am very proud to own a CD soundtrack when it was released in the USA on RCA Victor. At the time of this writing in the USA, there was no DVD of the Paperhouse DVD yet, and I hope that one of my wishes will come true, since I really cherish this wonderful film, and its DVD will come in handy! <br /> It's nice to watch the girl work out her thoughts, like a puzzle game trying to make the dream world work for her and her newfound friend Mark (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers are doing a great job with my work, I find an editorial comment on Amazon.com that this “Hammy acting” is rather perplexing — I found that every aspect of Paperhouse is of concern. Even in minor scenes of brilliance, for example, when Charlotte and the girl in the classroom look at each other through the glass doors, this is very powerful. <br /> <br /> You don’t need to be an art house to enjoy Paperhouse, just be a person who enjoys a movie that stimulates and makes you want more. In this film, enough to invite for re-views, and I'm still in awe of cinematography and filming. For me, it never looks like watching the same movie twice, as there are so many details that you can absorb and enjoy. This is really a very emotional experience. <br /> <br /> Although I adore a lot of films, there are only a few specific ones that evoke a great emotional response in me: films such as Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so many dark movies that can be easily forgotten, and in the trash cans, all I have to do is watch “Paperhouse” and my faith in amazing stories of stories is renewed.
