The first feature of Emilio Miraglia "Jallo", "Evelyn's Night came out of the grave" was a great combination of Djallo and Gothic horror - and this second film is even better! This time we have more of Giallo's side of the equation, although Miraglia does not lose the gothic horror styles that made the previous film such a delight. This time, Miraglia places more emphasis on the smallest details of the plot, and as a result, this is a typical maze of Jallo, where characters appear everywhere, and every few minutes rush red herring. This is a definite bonus for the film, however, sometimes it can be too confusing; there is always enough to keep the interest of the audience, and storytelling of Miraglia has improved since his earlier film. The plot begins with a scene in which two young girls fight before their grandfather explains to them the legend of a rather sinister picture in their castle. The legend revolves around a woman named "Red Queen", who, according to legend, returns from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. After several years, murders begin to occur ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that he made only two Giallo, Miraglia has his own set of offerings. Obviously, red is important to him, as it is widely represented in both films; and he seems to have something against women called "Evelyn". He likes castles, gothic atmosphere and stylish murders that suits me! Miraglia may not be Argento when it comes to shedding blood, but he certainly knows how to add murder to his film; and here we have the admiration associated with the Volkswagen Beetle, and the death on the iron fence, which is one of my favorite scenes of the death of Giallo of all time. The female side of the cast is superb with amazing Barbara Bush and Marina Malfatti, who heads the pleasant eye of the cast of ladies who are not afraid to take off their clothes! Bruno Nikolai is amiable in the score, although there is no psychedelic rock in it, which can be heard in "The Night when Evelyn came out of the grave"; It fits well with the movie. The end is a bit of a shutdown because, although Miraglia raises the gothic atmosphere, it seems like something more than a hurry, and the identity of the killer is too obvious. But even so, this is a delightfully interesting Giallo, and I highly recommend it to fans!
