Finally - I finally got to this point and managed to see a “clean” copy of Pakeezah! Until now, in the 90s, Dubai TV had only a mutilated, clumsy jerky version with fancy English subtitles, dizzy widescreen lighting and smooth color with its own mind. Thinking that the world was such a scanty (and short) copy, I believe that a decent copy was worth the wait, and the full 140 minutes gave me even more pleasure than I thought. <br /> <br /> It was beautiful Mina Kumari's film from beginning to end, and I think it was planned by her since 1958, finally realizing this in 1971. What a pity that chronic alcoholism finally killed her soon after, and in fact she was too ill to perform in some scenes in Pakeezah, requiring a double body. In some scenes, stress is definitely on her face. <br /> <br /> I can only perceive the story “Clean against unhappiness” as a fiction, having no experience of anything remotely close to it, but I’m forced to understand that this correctly depicts a world that has gone to the past it was common in India. It is a sparkling and colorful film with a simple unforgiving epic message, an intense romantic tragedy, which for some reason seems pleasant at the same time. But for me, this is the unparalleled golden music of Gulam Mohammed performed by the incomparable Laty Mangeshkar - especially Tara Rahiyo - and her participation in the unfolding of the story that makes this film so outstanding. I rarely heard such serious, beautiful, poetic, wonderfully sung and performed songs in the soundtracks of any films. Singin 'In The Rain is probably my favorite musical film, but Pakeezah has my favorite music, but Lata said that the songs themselves mean nothing to her. The only pity is that the unique Mohammed Rafi had only one song, albeit a classic duet with Lata. <br /> <br /> Because of all this, but not hiding its mistakes, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian film, shot at a time when the westernization of India was gaining momentum and watched now, when Western values ​​seem state-sponsored and etiquette required . At the very least, take a look at Pakeezah to try what Indian “pop” music could offer the world before it was dropped for drum machines, Bollywood Beat and bhangra.
