Fever Pitch has a lot of clichés that we used to identify with Hollywood romantic comedies: the relationship between two people who have little in common, the secret that he hides, what she discovers, the inevitable disintegration and the public itself? Well, I will not go further, but you get the picture. Despite predictability, it works, especially if you like baseball the same way I do, although I'm not as obsessed as Ben Reitman, a Boston teacher who is played by the Sabbath night comedian Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> Based on Nick Hornby’s novel, written by seasoned screenwriters Lowell Ganz and Babal Mandel, Ben is a lifelong Boston Red Sox fan whose uncle gave him season tickets when he was seven years old, and he was emotionally stuck on it stage of life to the detriment of his relationship with women. Ben is not just a fan, but a “fanatic,” who goes to Fort Meyers, Florida every winter to attend the Red Sox Spring Training games and never miss a home game during the regular season. His family does not consist of parents or brothers and sisters, but their colleagues, who attend every game with him and his bedroom, are not a place to sleep, but the Red Sox Museum. <br /> <br /> When he falls in love with business consultant Lindsey Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he faces the possibility of growing up, but Ben is not quite ready to do it. He would rather have watched the Yankee series than go with her to Baltimore to meet her parents or go with her to Paris and skip the Anaheim TV series. His relationship is on the verge of collapse so he stops and thinks about his priorities, especially when Dr. Phil a pint-sized wannabe asks him: “Do you like the Red Sox, but have they ever loved you?” Although the premise of Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball (do not think), you will never know about it by how things turn out. Of course, anyone familiar with the Boston Red Sox story is a team that will break the hearts of its most loyal fans - but this is 2004, the year the Bambino curse came to an end, and when the Red Sox moves to a new level, Ben can do the same. Both presenters are excellent, and the Farrelli brothers even cope with a rather serious gag. Although “Fever” will never be accepted as a feature film, it’s a joyful bustle that should be one of my wine pleasures. Go blue jays!
