Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town in search of a detached wife and news of his daughter, although he finds her, the probability of any reconciliation is very small. While here, the sheriff and important townspeople will learn about Tollinger's reputation as a gunner city tamer. Because they live in fear of the mysterious landowner who gradually takes away the city from them, they hold a meeting that Tollinger decides to hire to rid the city of its unpleasant elements. <br /> <br /> A person with a Pistol seems to be either forgotten or completely unnoticeable; at the time of this writing, he had a little more than 200 votes and only 9 user comments were written for him. It's a shame on both sides, because, despite the fact that production values ​​scream that this is the western film “B”, in the western genre this is a good record. The fact that this play takes on a rather standard storyline theme about how the city being pursued turns into a vengeful dark angel probably did not have any benefit for this film over the years, I myself read the synopsis and thought that it was just another line from a similar subject. photos. And yet I was pleasantly surprised to find a dark dramatic picture that boasts many pleasant moments, both technically and in the form of a functional history. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum leads the role of Tollinger, who played the role well: some thoughtful menace. We often talk about the presence on the screen that John Wayne and Charlton Heston had (justified, of course), Mitchum is right there with the best of them. One sequence here sees that he is standing in the shadow behind the room, when the meeting takes place, we do not see his face, but we can feel how the piercing brood looks at us! The rest of the cast is also very much in the shadow of Mitchum, so in fact only film actors play an important role, perhaps it is unfair to single out Teda de Corsius for the hit, but the insignificant flaws of Man With The Gun with its villains, and, unfortunately, de Corsia lacks any atrocious threat. The score of Alex North is superbly layered (Spartak fans will probably be on their guard), and Lee Garms’s cinematography is very impressive when you realize that most of this picture was shot on a studio set. The director and co-author of the new director Richard Wilson “The Man with the Gun” presents several surprises for the genre, but he is dark in tone, cruel and, above all, very watchable. 7.5 / 10
