The May Day of 1938, when a huge rally in honor of Hitler's visit to Rome happens, serves as a backdrop for a love story between Antonietta (Sophia Loren), married to a fascist (John Vernon) and Gabriel (Marcello Mastroianni). She is a boring housewife with several sons, and he is an unfortunate lonely homosexual, fired from the radio and pursued by the fascists. She is left alone in her home when her husband is to attend a historic celebration. Then both develop a very pleasant relationship, despite their differences. The film takes place at the historical meeting of Fucher Hitler and Duce Mussolini, along with other authorities, such as Count Ciano and King Victor Manuel III, describing events through radio communications, which sometimes causes irritation. <br /> <br /> This is a romantic drama, filled with meaning and feeling. Relentlessly passionate romance between two conflicting characters. Magnificent presentations of two professionals make a great movie that is worth seeing. Of course, the rational scenario of Ruggiero Macarry and Ettore Scola leads to the invariably interesting, thoughtful and sentimental. Colorful and atmospheric cinematography of Pasqualino de Santis. Emotional score of Armando Trovaioli with a sensitive keynote. The film deservedly won the Golden Globes in 1978 in the nomination "Best Foreign Film." <br /> <br /> Director Scola stretches the imagination to light up the limited scenarios of the drama. Usually his films are performed on several stages and are semi-theatrical. For example: "Le Bal" (1982) uses the French dance hall to illustrate changes in society. 2) “Varensky costume (1983)” - a scenario where unlikely groups meet, such as Thomas Paine, Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette. who fled from revolutionary Paris 3) “Family” (1987) - all of this takes place in a large old Roman apartment of the family; and, of course, 4) “Una Giornata Particulare” or “Special Day”, where Loren and Mastroianni make wonderful relationships in their apartments and on a flat roof.
