Una Giornata Particolare is a film whose name sounds so familiar that I thought I saw it more than once. Now that I finally saw it, I am very happy. This is one of the best Italian films that I know, with one of the most wonderful performances by Marcello Mastroianni, which is shot in other masterpieces such as La Dolce Vita and 8 1/2, both of the great Federico Fellini. Director Ettore Scola is a film about characters and slowly developing a story on a special day, the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, a neighbor of Antonietta (Sophia Loren). She is a member of the Mussolini party, quite fanatical in her thoughts, and he is no longer a member. I will not disclose the reason for this. On that day, when every person from their building, including her husband and children, goes outside to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta bird runs away and flies to Gabriele's apartment, and that's how they meet. Right before Antonietta went to Gabriel, he was thinking about suicide, again for reasons that I will not disclose. As the story will evolve from here, I will not disclose, but exactly what happens between them makes this special day, and not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni is a wonderful performance. You see that he is a man who desperately wants someone near him, although at first we don’t know why. Maybe he likes Antonietta, maybe he is in love with her, maybe there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? In any case, she likes the attention. We see how she makes her hair look attractive to men. Lauren also plays scenes very well. We understand her questions, although we cannot be sure what her intentions are. The moments when we learn both their secrets, if this is what you can call it, is a great moment. As the story develops from there, it is even more interesting, but I don’t want to spoil it for you. This is a movie you should see. Great performances and excellent cinematography, as well as the message he gives us, are still standing today.
