As already mentioned, the best version of the epic of Homer. Fully shot in natural locations in the Mediterranean. The sea and sky are strikingly blue, the islands are green and untouched. Linen, woolen and fur clothes, the setting is rocky and naked, everything is somewhat rough and primitive, a bit of what you will find in the films Cacoyannis or Pasolini, and this makes it even more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and is widespread in the supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​what life could be like in the 10th century BC. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is somewhat slow and strict, but the whole is so beautiful that you quickly get into it. In fact, it is surprisingly close to Homer's original plot, if not to the text itself. Ulysses appears only at the first hour, when his son begins to look after him. Then he suddenly finds himself lost in a storm, lands on the island of Feakian, where the royal family takes care of him. His adventures are recalled in memories as a story to his masters: the terrifying Cyclops, the magical world of Circe, the Underworld, the Sirens, etc. After 20 years, he finally returns to Ithaca’s homeland, and all of this ends abruptly with murder. of the applicants of his faithful consort Penelope. <br /> <br /> Like the story, Odyssey is an unprecedented metaphor of the struggle for human life. The cast is brilliant and international. Irene Pappas gives us a typical Greek representation in the style of tragedy as Penelope, but the most surprising is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiou as Ulysses. It seems that he really looks good and is absolutely convincing. It is strange that he was never offered the role of this dimension afterwards. Also in “Nausike”, Barbara Bach (as Barbara Gregorini), later known as James Bond's girlfriend in “The Spy Who Loved Me”, plays, and Michelle Breton, who was otherwise seen in a strange film called “The Play” with Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> As was done 35 years ago, the series was quite innovative for its time, as the first major European co-production for television (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I saw this mini-series in 8 parts on French television back in 1974. Then I was a child, and although he was completely black and white, he left a very vivid impression. All my life I have been thinking about whether I will ever get the opportunity to see him again, because it has never been shown on French television. <br /> <br /> I recently found a copy on a DVD (all in excellent color) via the Internet. Unfortunately, it is only in Italian without subtitles, although French and German versions existed then. I have never heard of any English version of this film, since it is widely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, and this is rather shameful. If you ever have the opportunity to see this, you will never forget it. <br /> <br /> Before or after this, there were not many versions of the Odyssey. "Camerini" in 1955 with Kirk Douglas in the lead role - a classic sword and sandal, similar to the "10 Commandments", but not so impressive and very short for such a complex story. The Konchalovsky film, made in 1997, is a disgusting Hollywood film based on special effects, sometimes rather terrible, very poorly played and extremely far from the history and atmosphere of Homer.
