No, this is not a continuation of the fabulous OVA series, but rather a remake of events that occurred after Gyme’s death (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It also more accurately refers to the novels that inspired this remarkable series, which is why the characters (namely Orson and Shiris) are again presented, and why the story may seem a bit different from those used in OVA. (The booklet included in the set provides excellent answers to such questions as various online sites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-part series are devoted to the fateful battle on the Mount of Dragon Demons. The remaining 19 episodes introduce us to Spark, the blue imitator knight who identifies himself with Parn, and his confused team that is trying to stop Wagnard the Dark Wizard from resurrecting Cardys the Destroyer. <br /> <br /> While this is not exactly the equivalent of the original LODOSS war (we all like the finale, in which Parn saves Didlit from Wagnard, isn't it?), this TV show is still very interesting for fantasy fans. Even if the animation is limited (and a step down compared to the artistic series of the first LODOSS), this series of 27 parts has its own elements of appeal. Fully realized characters, an exciting storyline, magic, romance and an excellent soundtrack, voiced by Kaoru Wada from NINJA SCROLL, all give this uneven sideways some impact. <br /> <br /> While OVA dub LODOSS has criticized me for one reason or another, I generally liked it and still consider it one of my favorite dubs. So I had high hopes for the dub for the CHRONICLE, made in 1999-2000. For the most part, the English track LODOSS TV has a tolerable (if not stellar) quality; however, he has his own problems. Most of the original line-up, which lent its English voices to the LODOSS characters, is back (including Lisa Ortiz as Didlith!), Which is a good bonus. On the other hand, the more mature sounding guys Billy Reegan are a bit deceptive. He doesn’t do a bad job, but his voice sounds like a decisive one for the first eight episodes (which makes some fans against dub instantly dissolve dub), but by the time Spark and company take the stage, I found it less annoying. (I don't know, because it improved or it just grew on me.) Also, not all of the OAV dubbing returns. Jays Reeves voiced Wagnard (horribly) in one episode; he was replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole show, which gives a thorny, but still nasty twist (and also an expected evil laugh). Kashue Anthony Cruise, on the other hand, is too weary and takes about five or so episodes to find his step. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective in the role of Orson, especially during his last dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> In addition to Lisa Ortiz (Didlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Sline), the best dub voices come from some newer characters, including Crispina Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrak - episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Francis (which is voiced by Pirotsess in OAV, but also voices). The market is with vulnerability and boldness, as well as Carl) and especially Angora Deb (which steals every scene in which she plays like a half-elf sheet). The rest of the cast is not terrible in any way, but a bit more uneven than the duplication of OAV. Some are all right (Aldonova, Grievous), while others are dull (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.), and few were terrible (in particular, V. A. Prince Reon is too harsh and monotonous for fighter for justice). <Br /> <br /> In fact, the lack of auditory continuity (some actors get new voices for some inexplicable reason by the time we get to some later episodes) is one of the problems of the dub. Others include less memorable and more awkward dialogue, uneven synchronization, and finally (I apologize to the fans in advance) segments of LODOSS ISLAND. These unusual, super-deformed interludes at the end of each episode will either amuse you or confuse you. Admittedly, I first found that they were a major nuisance, but they sort of grew on me after a while. (In addition, there are some funny, visual lines, such as "I am King of Kashu, and this is my CASHEW! I AM REALLY crazy!") These shortcomings put a duplicate for CHRONICLES just below the mark for OVA referred to as “OK”. <br /> <br /> If you're wondering if a Japanese track is the preferred choice for listening, well, guess what? The Japanese version also has its pros and cons. Although some voices are less annoying than a track in English, I found that others are less attractive than English equivalents (in particular, the actress who acts in Deedlit is not as good as Liza Ortiz OR Yumi Toma). In addition, I must point out that the Japanese cast is NOT the same as OVA. Since the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the cast are replaced by new ones. Although they do a good job with their work, it can be a serious annoyance for those who are used to Japanese OVA. Shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, eh? Despite its shortcomings, “CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC BABY” still represent an excellent series that deserves to maintain its own position. It is not without its coarse spots and does not always correspond to its predecessor, yet there are enough good points to stand up to the bad ones, making it a moderately pleasant fantasy Anime.
