From the point of view of art, the 1970s were a very turbulent era. In literature and art, this was the end of the great fifty or sixty-year period of creativity, which has not yet resumed. In music, it was a decade, which many consider a low point, because of corporate rock and disco. On television, it was a golden age for comedy situations, from “Strange Couple” to Mary Tyler Moore’s show, to “M * A * S * H” to “Everyone in the Family”, but in the film it was an even longer period of creativity in all genres . This led to the emergence of American directors, such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese, from the ashes of the old studio systems that have dominated Hollywood for more than half a century. These directors wanted to create literary films for the public that were major in Europe after the end of World War II. However, the studios tried to keep up with socially-known films, which have not been since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But unlike the films of the 1930s, starring actors such as Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually starring “The Children from the Deadlock”), who solved social problems in a hard and realistic way. or as realistic as possible on a healthy stage, the public consciousness of the late 1960s and early 1970s was most pronounced in science fiction films, which allowed the left wing of Hollywood to preach to the masses under the guise of what most thought a little above comic entertainment . There was a precedent for this approach, since several films about flying saucers of the 1950s dealt with the political spirit of the McCarthy era, especially about the "Day when the Earth stopped, and the invasion of the kidnappers of bodies." And in the early 1960s, Rod Serling constantly undermined the political conservatism of the time, putting social problems in a science-fiction setting in his classic science-fiction television anthological show “Twilight Zone”. Among the proposals of the studio of this time were environmentally sensitive Silent Running; The first film of George Lucas THX 1138, which deals with issues of consumption, group thinking and existentialism; and Logan's Escape, which fought off communism and state control against the rights of the individual. Some of the mentions in the film are pretty tough - and they smell like the current Arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. A few strawberry strawberries cost $ 150, and Soylent hovers its various foods — Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red, and the new Soylent Green, reputedly made from “best underwater growth,” in a way that is not similar to rationing gas of that time. Scenes of food riots are terrible echoes of oil riots at many gas stations during the film's release year, and scenes of crowds of people, living and dead, lying everywhere, are still scary and also have an impact. A later film, such as Escape from New York, is a clear offspring. The rest of the script, Stanley R. Greenberg, however, is rather pedestrian and fairly standard for an anti-utopian film, but Fleisher and filmmaker Richard H. Kline do a great job of filling the screen with interesting images and sounds to liven up things before. The use of soft, dimly lit visual elements, with darkly filtered elements, gives the New York film a sense of style in the style of Stigian, almost like a painted version of the vampire Karl Theodore Dreyer. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if it were not for trendy films, the film really could seem eternal. <br /> <br /> The end of the film, where Thorn sneaks into a processing plant, where human bodies turn into Soylent Green waffles, they are frightening and, oddly enough, without dramas. In the end, Soilent’s minions hunt Thorn, but he survives long enough to utter the catchphrase of the film to Chief Hatcher. However, no one knows if this is enough, because Hatcher has already been hired, and he has the experience of getting out of the easy way. Nevertheless, this fact and its ambiguity show that the film does not repeat the dilemmas of its heroes, and has a depth much later, better made films, scientifically or not, do not have. That is why Soylent Green is still worth watching a movie.
