Documentation of the documentator. This is one of the ways to describe “Keep the river to the right”: a modern tale about the ogre. This film tells about the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who in the late 1970s traveled back to the places where he conducted field research more than 40 years ago, first in Western Papua and then in Peru. Tobias is a full-fledged character: an anthropologist-gay-Jewish-artist who makes a living on a cruise ship, teaching tourists who study the cultures to which he came with deep respect and understanding. Tobias, the author of several books documenting his time with both the residents of Asmat in West Papua, and the cannibal Amazonians in Peru, often haunt what happened in his time in these places, and how close his connections and relationships were. However, Tobias' constant surprise and appreciation for the places he learned are admirable and very pleasant to watch. One can only hope to ever achieve and maintain such humility. <br /> <br /> Tobias becomes an irresistible subject for study, since the experience he encountered while immersing in these two tribal societies radically changed him. This film challenges the concepts of morality and "naturalness" - for example, nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Watch the graphic circumcision scene). When asked why he participates in some local practices that others will morally condemn, his non-judgmental character asks: “Why not?” Who would say that the path of other cultures is right or wrong? This little sleeper should watch not only for National Geographic, but also those interested in the art of documentary production. This film shows what can be done, filmed on video. Editing provides a quiet revelation of Tobias life, which leaves you excited. Sometimes he despairs when the film crew pushes him to an emotional return, especially given his age and physical weakness. We can only be grateful that Tobias allowed himself to turn on the tables, perhaps sympathizing with the desire to understand humanity and his place in the world. The filmmakers provide some moments of critical equilibrium, representing, for example, one anthropologist who believes that Tobias predetermined his conclusions (in this case about homosexuality) based on his personal interests. However, you cannot decide when to stop shocking, and when to take this man home for a hug. Move down the Korolev River, this is the best trip on the river I have ever made.
