The world of science fiction in 1973 SOYLENT GREEN - this is what we could see if we were not careful. This is a world in which the population of New York exceeded 40 million people in 2022. The rule is overcrowding, air pollution, annual heat and food shortages. The only hope comes from a product called Soylent Green. But what is this particular product really made of? This question underlies this, admittedly, somewhat outdated, but still intriguing film based on the 1966 Harry Harrison novel Make Room! Make Room! ”Charlton Heston is cast as Thorn, a New York police detective who is facing the assassination of a corporation’s top manager (Joseph Cotten). It turns out that Cotten was on the board of directors of Soilent Corporation, people responsible for all the food products that people should consume instead of real things. Heston believes that it was not just a killing in the garden that Cotten was killed for some reason. He gets a lot of help from his slightly strange, but very insightful “book” (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101st and final cinematic appearance), as well as a few timely reminders of what the world was like. That Robinson learns about Soylent Green shocks him to unbelievable imagination; but before he can tell Heston everything he knows, he himself is being euthanized. And when Heston really finds out Soylent Green's secret ... well, this part is immortalized in cinematic history. <br /> <br /> Under the very professional guidance of director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a rather gloomy, but thought-provoking look at the future of anti-Utopians that humanity could have experienced if we had not curbed tendency to deprive our planet of its natural resources. Indeed, it was a project that Heston himself had in mind for filming back in 1968, after he received the gold in the sci-fi genre Planet of the Apes - a fact that is probably lost whenever his political superconservative philosophy enters into conversation (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly the way for unrestrained capitalism). Robinson is, as always, an unsurpassed professional in his last role; the sequence in which he is subjected to euthanasia (when he looks at the video of the world from a better era, to the music of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg), is simply heartbreaking. The film also receives solid support from Chuck Connors (as a very convincing heavyweight), Brock Peters (as Chief of Heston) and Lee Taylor-Young as a woman who is trying to help Heston in his investigations. <br /> <br /> Nowadays, it should be easy to reject SOYLENT GREEN for what it is from. But those who do this must think twice; because the world of this film can be ours in reality if we don’t see what we are doing with what we have today.
