As with all environmentally friendly films of the 1970s, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather bold idea of ​​what an environmental crisis is. Is overcrowding too many people to feed? I got the impression that the famine was caused by war or unsuccessful economic policies. The policy of Stalin in the Soviet Union in the 1930s led to the death of millions of people from starvation, and so far Mao’s rural policy in China has been the greatest human tragedy, leading to more than 30 million deaths from starvation in the 1950s. And let's not forget the great famine on the Horn of Africa in the 1980s and 90s, which was associated with conflict, not overpopulation. You might also think that the two most densely populated areas on Earth, Hong Kong and Macau, have never suffered from hunger in our time. Similarly, the expansion of the slums of cities around cities, as seen here, is not limited to overpopulation - it depends on economic factors when people flock to cities to find better paying jobs than in rural areas (this is a sign of industrial progress - not too much birth), so the image of the streets of New York, too overloaded to walk on them, and people sleeping in the stairwells, somewhat ridiculous <br /> <br /> But do not be fooled into thinking that there is a lot of shit, hugging bananas The second tree, because I think this is the best ecological film in the 70s. This affects the knowledge of the modern audience of the world, in which Sol and Thorn are overjoyed in the search for fruit, brandy and fresh meat. In astonishment, Thorn gasps from the fact that he has ice in his whiskey, puffs on a cigarette and utters the classic phrase: “If I could afford it, I would smoke two, maybe three of them a day.” But this is the kind of euthanasia camera that is remembered when Thorn looks at images of wild animals, flowers, aqueduct and snow-covered mountains, a world that the Thorn generation never knew. This is a very memorable scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable movie, combined with the fact that it shows the final screen of Edward J. Robinson as the old wise Jew Saul Roth.
