“The Garden of Allah” is a vivid example of “popular women's literature”, a style of the beginning of the 20th century, combining all the power of unbridled erotic and exotic fantasies with the stimulating charm of false mysticism and the sadomasochistic bite of Catholic guilt. Just as Jane Eyre couldn’t be truly happy until her castle burned out around her, and her lover didn’t receive constant support because of his sins, or the heroine “Rebecca” couldn’t find true satisfaction in her marriage until her luxurious husband put on trial for the murder of his first wife (and her castle burned around her) or because poor Psyche could not leave well enough alone, and she had to extract Cupid’s secret by any means, Dominy, the devout Catholic heroine of this piece of the rumen, can nay and the true sexual fulfillment only through negligence married to a man who gave up his sacred religious vows. Like all similar narratives aimed at stimulating the reader and stimulating evaporation, this one relies on the oldest tricks in the book: basic misunderstandings and inability to express their true feelings in the right place and at the right time, until it is too late, Logic consists that any ultimate sexual ecstasy can be condoned, as long as someone is willing to pay for it a sufficiently high price of redemption in the last act. It is Paul Claudel that boils down to the standards of a beauty salon magazine. Well ... It could have been much worse, and it was often ... <br /> <br /> Without religious overtones, the plot of the film is that your main porn movie: a hypersexual monk with a mind the desert running away from abstinence, where he rolls in the dunes with a romantic, slim, but naive Catholic heiress before the reintegration of his monastery, and all the passion goes away, leaving her to clean up. And I really resent the comparison of another commentator with Anatol France’s Thais, a complex novel whose aim was to ridicule the entire concept of Catholic sexual repression, fortunately, some of which occurred in the Massnad opera of the same name. <br /> <br /> But what makes this picture unique in the annals of commercial female eroticism is, of course, a huge constellation of talents gathered under one banner to make this cinematic wet dream come to a flickering, vibrant life. Imperishable Technicolor photography, which will outlive us all, a truck with worthy actors of characters (including one cute dog), a musical score by Max Steiner, who seems to be determined to create a “composed film” that Michael Powell (ironically, had a small role) in the silent version of 1927), which was always dreamed of, sometimes hanging out on the verge of dissonance, but always penetrating into a magnificent symphonic, operatic exotic, dreamlike atmosphere, in which material considerations are not an object, she travels magically from one place to the next, dialogue is rare, vague and suggestive, artistic direction is close to heavenly, flower arrangements appear in the most modest hut or tent, the heroine’s wardrobe is inexhaustible, and all male characters are either aristocrats, saints, doomed but horned sinners, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Aah ... Hollywood! The presentation of this movie on the MGM DVD is flawless, but flawless. The data transfer rate is very high, the color rendition is almost always perfect, and mono sound 2.0 really justifies the score of Max Steiner and Boyer’s last but one admission. <br /> <br /> Historical background of such a "feminine" subject ": The following year (1937) Julien Duvivier, clearly inspired by the" Garden of Allah ", put on" Carnet de Bal ", where very similar clothing - horse oil will not melt in the mouth.The heroine (widowed after caring for her sick husband in the exotic remoteness of some incredibly romantic alpine villa on the lake) wants to know what she missed by looking at the male dancers in her first book on dancing. She finds them all in time , just to understand that any feeling that was between n th and her beauty was either misunderstood, overestimated, or had tragic consequences for a lifetime It was a cynical way to Duvivier -. tell us to beware incredibly idealistic notions and that all of us sooner or later need to grow.
