I discovered this film after reading a book that inspired him. This is not a strictly biographical film; it is "loosely based" on facts. But I found this a compelling and creepy study of evil and madness, and Michel Cerro gives an unforgettable insight into the role of Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable images in this film; Petiot, traveling at night like a vampire, his black cloak slamming behind his back, almost symbolic. There are also a few strokes of expressionism - the curved silhouette of Petiot, climbing the stairs leading from the basement where the remains of his victims await cremation, reminds me of some scenes from “ Nosferatu. <br /> <br /> But I found the main attraction of this film to be by ear. The soundtrack is loaded with ominous sounds, starting with the premonition of the music of the initial credits, followed by a wordless yell. Petiot lives and manages his medical practice in a complex with many small shops, and the background noise of knives sharpened somewhere, as well as a peddler playing eerie tunes on the saw is constantly heard. There are animal sounds - the concierge keeps a goat, invisible cats howls - and later in the film we see poor cattle grazing through an underground passage. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with hints of violence and bloodshed. <br /> <br /> Often, not only animals, but also human voices are heard — the cries of the victims of the Gestapo, Petiot's patients in his waiting room, who are monitored by a listening device are exactly the same as suspected employees after the war are controlled in their cells. Even the action of the film is often organized in such a way that we hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot goes to visit Madame Kern, we hear her singing when she works, her voice echoes in the theater before we ever see her. And even when she does appear, she is often removed from behind, her voice calls for her husband, whose voice calls her in conversation. Scattered voices echo in large halls, and their owners, when they are generally seen, are photographed from a distance, so we cannot see them talking. This is a story about ghosts, and these are the voices of ghosts - many of them are the future victims of Petiot. <br /> <br /> Yet Petiot himself is often just a voice; his frightening laugh echoes as he backs away from the camera, throwing comments behind him or into the air to no one. In a sense, he is the same ghost as those he kills. He is always desperately busy, bustling from meeting to meeting, never resting. But his activity is a machine - lifeless and imperturbable. Interestingly, in the midst of all the horror and danger of occupied Paris, Petiot alone is not afraid; he is surprised, full of enthusiasm, angry, annoyed, scornful, but never afraid, unlike those real people whom he lures to death. It is not surprising that he boasts of his mechanical inventions, including the perpetual motion machine (a real detail from the book — he claimed that he invented many cars); he himself is a kind of perpetual motion machine. And mechanical images everywhere in the film, from the giant wheel in the cinema, to Petiot's bike (with squeaky wheels repeating the sounds of sharpening knives), to Victols, which he continues to play to play music before committing a murder, Even his routine with his victims mechanical - write a note to your wife, let me disguise you before leaving, you need to get vaccinated, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like a well-oiled machine, the routine is always the same, just because the record is always the same. <br /> <br /> The author, Mader, says that it was the perfection of the clockwork of his crimes that was so strongly reflected in Pettiote at his trial. His system was as smooth and efficient as the Nazi concentration camp, and perhaps that is why the film invented the plot of Petiot’s involvement in the French Gestapo and the occupying Nazis. Unfortunately, this does not quite work as part of the story, because it is very difficult to understand what Petiot does for collaborators or what happens when he finds himself in their headquarters in the middle of the night. Recycling tel? Hiding stolen goods? It is difficult to say, and harder to believe; it is unlikely that the state will turn to a freelance officer like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the duality of evil people; Petiot is a robber and a murderer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. Just as we learned that Hitler loves dogs and that the Nazis who are guilty of the worst war crimes can also be loving fathers and families, we have to admit that Petiot could commit unspeakable horrors and function normally. His madness is easily masked by the madness and horror of the wartime situation in Paris; when killings, looting and disappearances occur everywhere, no one pays attention because Petiot throws more corpses into the heap.
