I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved it, and not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers who are trying to climb one of the sisterly peaks of Mount Everest. This kind of thing is usually not to be missed. Inspired. Move. Pretty standard, right? And even if the film were exactly like that, I would still like it. But it was much more. A blind German, Sabriye Tenberken, founded a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture where blindness is seen as a curse, as proof that a person has done bad things in a past life. Many children in school are avoided all their lives, and at best this is a burden for their families. As part of his training, Tenberken shares with them the story of American Erik Weichenmeyer, the first blind man to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends him a letter inviting him to come and visit her students. Instead, he comes up with a plan. He organizes an expedition for them to climb 23,000 feet of Lhakpa Rea and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabrieu finds six willing participants, and this is where the fun begins. <br /> <br /> Eric's team is mostly American, mostly male, and mostly sighted. As experienced climbers, they are type A people, very fanatical and goal-oriented. Sabrie is a European, a woman who is blind, and her students are more than a “project”, no matter how good his intentions are. In addition, students are Tibetan, not mature enough or confident to always stand up for themselves. As the expedition unfolds, they become pawns between the two “adult” sides, wanting to please both sides, and at the same time wanting to gain the confidence that comes from achievements. As an additional obstacle (other than the blind, that is), they speak English as a second or, in most cases, as a third language, and try to understand and make themselves understood. <br /> <br /> When it turns out Because none of the students have any climbing experience, and that some of them are much more coordinated than others, he begins to destroy Eric’s original plan so that they can reach the top. As students and teachers begin to experience the effects of a great height, it is necessary to decide whether to continue or send someone from the mountain. Among the effects of high altitude is irritability, and you can see how it feeds conflict between adults. Being threatened with simplification, on the one hand there are those for whom everyone is meant, and on the other hand, those who just want to enjoy the journey. I will not tell you how it all turns out, except for the fact that I would say that it was one of the most amazing and thought-provoking stories that I have seen in a long time. <br /> <br /> There are pieces in the movie too. from the history of each climber in the story, and it was extremely necessary, because when they went up, the children tended to bow their heads and close their mouths. With all the drama around them, this is not surprising. The prehistory, in turn, is charming and heartbreaking, and it was very strange to me that I was closer to tears at the beginning of the film than at the end. This was contrary to my expectations and was another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the human drama, the director Walker and her small team had to face cold and oxygen-free conditions, hauling equipment in the mountains and hoping that it would not break. As with all great documentaries, the director was just lucky (either smart enough or prepared) to be in the right place at the right time, and she captured a very special story that can tell people who want to do “what’s best for children.” "As it happens with the children themselves.
