There is a series of “The Simpsons”, in which there is a joke, which says that the army training base is called “The killer factory”. Here the comment is just a part of an unequivocal joke, but the documentary by Patricia Foulkrod shows us that it’s scary that this is not so far from the truth. After World War II, the US Army decided to tackle the problem they faced throughout the war; that many soldiers fought and were completely incapable of killing another person, unless it was “me or them.” Since then, the training process of the US Army has been to eliminate all moral doubts and turn recruits into killing machines that do not regard combatants as human beings. To develop in them the most unnatural state: "A steady desire to kill." <br /> <br /> First, this is not an anti-war film as such. Although Fulkrod certainly draws war in a very bad light, he focuses more on an aspect that does not attract as much media attention as, say, the debate about the legality of a war or its physical successes or failures; influence on the process of turning a person into a soldier affects a person as a person. The paradox is that teaching someone to be a soldier to protect society makes him completely unacceptable to be part of this society, and although most of the examples and interviewees relate to the current conflict in the Middle East, Foulkrod links past conflicts, especially Vietnam, painfully clear. This is not about any particular war, but about the problems caused by the war as a whole. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the film appears to be divided into three parts; how recruits are drawn into the army and how they are trained, how they are treated, when they join the battle, and what happens when they leave the army. As soon as this point is reached, you understand that the main goal of this film is actually the politics inherent in the armed forces, the policy aimed at turning the soldiers into effective fighting forces, but at the same time removing all of humanity from the people. The respondents tell the camera how the recruitment process looks so clean and simple, as the words “democracy” and “freedom” unite, but as soon as training begins, they become “enemy”, “kill” and “destroy”. As soldiers in action, they don't care what they are ordered to do, because they are rooted in the thought that once they execute an order, whatever it may be, they are a step closer to returning home. They have no political or social ideals to fight for, but they fight and kill, because this is what they were trained for. <br /> <br /> But the main goal of the Basic Truth is to show how the US Army throws off those who fought for their country as soon as they return home. There is no real rehabilitation for soldiers returning, and many are forced to return home, unable to cope with what they have seen and done, and it seems that most of the existing strategies are aimed at ensuring that the army does not bear any legal responsibility for the psychological impact on their lives. the soldiers pick up. This is the last humiliation that after they are used, they are discarded. <br /> <br /> If there is a flaw in the film, Fulkrod does not try to show the other side of the argument. You will have the impression that every soldier who ever went to war has returned with post-traumatic stress syndrome. It would be interesting to see those of the less liberal upbringing give an opinion on how the army copes with training and politics. The other side of the argument will never have a chance to make a statement. <br /> <br /> But aside from that, this is a skillfully created documentary, and Foulkrod’s use of serial video and music is perfect for transmitting the side of the war, which too often passes by when discussing the consequences of the war.
