"Descent". Yeah. Boy ... I have not seen anything so powerful and sparkling since the time of Bruno Dumont, "Twenty Palm Trees" (2003). (By the way, this film should not be confused with another rather recent film on the theme “Women's Empowerment”, “THE Descent” (2005)), filmed by our friend from Splat Pack Neil Marshall, who is also a major talent in itself .) But, returning to this “Descent”, the NC-17 appreciated (uh-oh) the efforts for which beautiful Miss Dawson takes a producer’s credit (congratulations) and director Talia Lugasi (a big chance that this is not so). the real name), no matter how good it is (in moments), it will not be appreciated by the majority of the laity, because the script is rather flawed. As a producer, you really need to tighten this script. Of course, in one premise you have the promise of increasing conflict, but this is still the task of completing the growth of conflict. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this thing plays an interesting role as an experimental theater and Well, I think I will let others, who have already commented here, talk about the dullness of this, namely what happens in the second act, but find me second act that is not boring? There is also this Catch 22, which goes along with these quasi-independent films, such as “Descent,” in which Rosario turns out to be attached to himself and uses his “glory identity” to launch a script that under normal circumstances does not get done while at the same time she is basically mistaken in the main role of the film. Rosario Dawson is great, and obviously you can shoot this girl from almost any angle all day, but oh wow, how fast time just eludes: Rosie is no longer a student. This is part of the confusion in the script: “Is she a graduate student? TA? No, graduate students do not really have such problems with football players, are they? ”Again, if you are Rosario Dawson, the executive producer, this is one of many, many aspects of the professional filmmaking process that you will have to think about to this wonderful new role in your cinematic career. And if you don’t have an answer to the question why your film is unconvincing, let me tell you: there are plenty of boats and a lot of vigorous, highly skilled, talented older students eager to get involved in the business. who may have nailed this lead character all the time looked as good as you know who; but unfortunately, without Miss Dawson, no, dear, there is no money. I have to say that the camera department did an outstanding job, however, because this film is really well shot (i.e. lit) in all its dreary / dreamy darkness. The nightclub scenes look great; We can say that all these music videos are starting to pay off, and the game with time ... Shooting / cropping is all very good, which makes the image worth seeing. <br /> <br /> “Descent” is a good one. However, I have a feeling that thanks to NetFlix this film will have its own life. I hope this group continues to make films. If you are in experimental American filmmaking, cinematographic images of improbably well-formed student studs (or retired from the male model) in their early twenties, or if you are a student, just get angry at the hormonally aggressive young people who make up less than half of your American university, Desario Rosario Dawson's can be your taste RockaRoll.
