I made this film simply because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to see him with my friend and after 6 minutes we were glued to our seats. Not because of some intensity in those 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no trite liners; film. It slowly pulled you in, reeling towards a tragic human fate. Some people think they like the movie, but they are deeply mistaken. They love movies; meaningless entertainment for fun alone. Michael Bay's Transformers and the like were created specifically for this audience. No need to think about people, just watch and let the stereotype that we can ever collect slowly dissolve your brain. We will even advertise throughout the film so that you don’t buy our products. And don't forget the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make a distinction, art may be interesting, but it also makes you think and hide you. Entertainment is rarely cunning and even then only arbitrary. Cinema is entertainment. Descent is a movie. The film is an art. <br /> <br /> If you still have a soul in your walking machine with a bag of meat, this rape scene is as powerful as the “Irreversible”. The difference here is that the “Irreversible” was a violent scene of rape with the participation of two people, whose paths unfortunately crossed at the wrong time and hell followed. "Descent" about the date. No less disgusting. No less depraved. Just another. It is about a breach of trust, desecration of the soul and deep scars. If the character "Maya" agreed, it would be a hot sex scene. But seeing how she desperately tried to escape, the scene is disgusting. “Jared” is a sick and manipulative serial rapist, and he is completely disappointing because he very much resembles a passionate romance. How can “Maya” be near anyone again, even when, in the midst of rape, she is smooth, like Jared, does the façade of a boy-lover just hint at slipping? It is destroyed. <br /> <br /> The film as a whole is beautiful. Camera work and lighting sometimes remove the surroundings and focus everything on Maya and the quiet inner workings of her mind. All this is done by Rosario with a facial expression and gesture. The soundtrack was superb, a mix of everything. My favorite scene in particular is the synchronicity of all these aspects of the film working together; "Maya" is dancing in a sea of ​​meandering bodies, something inside her is awakening, realizing that everything is ready for Jeff Buckley’s beautiful sad melody. <br /> <br /> I don’t think I really messed up something here, but I’m stopping before I do. Bottom line, I think it was the best movie of 2007, hands down. Unfortunately, it seems that nowadays everyone is so exhausted that if you don’t break open and cut, gang rape or nuclear strikes, then people just won’t worry. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. This is only the last thing to happen in this existence. The worst events that happen never leave you. They are always in your thoughts. When you take a shower; when you brush your teeth; when you buy a Christmas present, when you tie shoes; they chase you. They pursue you until it releases you. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie.
