Being the Beatle Manic I am, I approached Two of us with a combination of fear and charm. Looking at “In his life: the story of John Lennon,” I was very concerned that “The Two of Us” are no better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris are completely different from John Lennon and Paul McCartney ?? even with some make-up and proper hairdo ?? did not help a drop. <br /> <br /> But I was more than pleasantly surprised. Probably thanks to the participation of Michael Lindsey-Hogg, who in 1970 made the film “Let It Be” and, therefore, probably knew John and Paul quite well, the characters and the dialogue turned out to be as convincing as they are. (The authors of The Two of Us are given to a man named Mark Stanfield, about whom I know absolutely nothing; I’m sure that director Lindsay-Hogg dealt not only with the script.) Two of us are not the Beatles biography; in fact, he has very little plot, and everything happens in one day in New York. What he does is a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, when John lived in New York. This meeting is, of course, fictional? although it is impossible to refute that such a meeting really took place. But through this imaginary conversation, does he give us an idea of ​​the personalities of these two great musicians ?? their intellect, their sense of humor, their different reactions to fame and, above all, their relationship; what made them such a great team, and what upset them. <br /> <br /> Since this is a talk-film, nothing special, except the dialogue between the two characters for one and a half hours, most likely, it will be boring, except for the truth. Beatles fans; but this is a fantastic text and story, as well as informative and touching. For those who are interested in these two music giants, you will very quickly overcome the shock of how different actors look at their colleagues and feel that John and Paul came to life ?? the script is so intimate and convincing, and the actors are dedicated. “The Two of Us” gives you a priceless insight into the lives of two geniuses, as well as a sad and funny story. Of course, it is recommended.
