The most significant Georgian film of Georgii Danelia “Do not Cry” (1969), also known as “Do not Cry”, based on the novel by French writer Claude Thilier (1801–1844) “Mon oncle Benjamin”, takes place in 18th-century countryside. V. France. The great French revolution is still ahead, but some of its turbulent signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor is the soul of the local community, an educated, friendly, democratic person who often heals the poor for free. This makes him very popular with the locals, but certainly does not help with his bank account. He is in love with beautiful Manetta, who is also crazy about him, but her father is closely watching her, who called her daughter “his little capital” and is determined to protect her virginity until the signing of the marriage contract ... I never read a book and from the description, it sounds like a very charming French novel, but I am fascinated by the results of moving characters and some plot elements from 18th-century France to the beginning of Georgia-Grucia of the 20th century. I think it was Danelia who came up with all the bright memorable characters who feel at home in his native Georgia - Grucia, a country of long-standing and wonderful traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine, the talent of rare music that all Georgians seem to have unique humor and high code of honor. When we watched a movie with my husband last night, he said what a wonderful example of a feature film, and I agree with him so much. "Do not worry" is an ideal film, visually beautiful, deep, but funny, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never defiantly arrogant, but optimistic, celebrating life with all its beauty and sadness, full of interest, loving irony and understanding for his a bit eccentric, but very human characters. Most importantly, the film is warm and gentle, it does not look down on the audience, as some artistic paintings do. You don’t have to be a movie lover to love him, live with him, smile and sigh, to follow the kindhearted young Doctor Benjamin (the first role in Danelia’s film is a famous singer and actor Vakhtang Kikabidze from which Danelia will make two more films, including one of my favorite for all time, Mimino, about his journey through the roads and mountains of Georgia.Or be a guest at a one-of-a-kind party where friends gather to celebrate the life of old Dr. Levan, who wanted to be a guest of his own to tell him what his friends say about him when he dies while he is still alive, and who can choose which color he prefers for his coffin. When I watched the movie, I thought it was the movie that Federico Fellini I couldn’t have been surprised to find an article about Danelia in which he calls Fellini his director number 1. I also learned that, according to Danelia, famous Soviet directors Leonid Gaidai (the creator of many favorite comedies) and Sergey Paraszhanov (seer , which I should not represent, loved friend Danelia’s first film, a fairy tale about the American boy Huck Finn, Most Lost), felt and spoke negatively about Do Not Sorrow, and Fellini highly appreciated him. I dare to go a little further and just assume that Maestro Fellini might have been referring to some of the images and the aura itself and the “Do not worry” atmosphere when he shot the Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something essential that connects both films, Both Artists have returned to their roots, to places that they deeply love, to people whom they remembered, loved and wanted to honor. Both films have a lot of smiles through their tears. Both are feature films that fall right into the hearts of viewers. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I'm going to add Georgie Danelia to my list of favorite directors. He made some of the brilliant paintings in my favorite genre of drama, even tragicomedy, which are funny and bitter-sweet, sharp and thin, earthy and sublime, tender and brilliant. When I watched the list of films that he wrote / shot, I was amazed by the fact that he had not made a single bad film since he started shooting the award in 1960, telling the story of the boy Sergei. Many of Danelia’s films are among my favorites, as I’m sure they are among his legions of fans. The Man behind Seryozhey, Completely Lost (1972), which is an adaptation of Mark Twain's “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn”, 33, “I walk through Moscow” (1964) or “Walking through the streets of Moscow”, “Do not worry” (1969) or grieve "Afonya" (1975), "Mimino" (1977), "Autumn Marathon" (1979) or "Autumn Marathon" or "Sad Comedy" is a very appropriate name for this film, as well as for the whole genre that Danelia is practically invented, and cult favorite for over 20 years. The years of Kin-Dza-Dza (1986) are brilliant and deserve our true love and sincere thanks for the unforgettable moments of cinematic happiness.
