This is a film that still eluded me, but now that I watched it, it became one of the main noir-style recordings. As usual with the DivX format, viewing was far from perfect. clouded by random video and (mostly) sound glitches ?? but, given that the movie is still unavailable on the R1 DVD, this will have to be done at the moment. Since the film’s reputation is high enough in the genre itself, I guess the reason for this omission is that there is no famous actor in it. <br /> <br /> Anyway, late entry nominal movie star ?? Francho Ton ?? hits the pocket (especially since he was a villain from the very beginning)! Was the tone an underrated actor ?? he was rarely given meaty roles, and this may well be his best (which makes him paranoid at the same time fascinating and plausibly dangerous). Female lead ?? Ella Raines, who later will be presented in the film "BRUTE FORCE" (1947), as well as in "Suzmak" (1944) and "STRANGE AFFAIR UNADY HARRY" (1945)? quite sweet and skillfully assumes the role of a distraught secretary to prove that her convicted boss (Alan Baxter) is innocent of the cruel murder of his wife. Thomas Gomez as the initial intimidating, but ultimately sympathetic police investigator, and Elisha Cook Jr. write about other key supporting roles. typical guy fall genre ?? as the ill-fated "ladies man" of the percussionist. <br /> <br /> Like Jules Dassin of BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak was in full swing at this stage of his career, and this film definitely benefits from his superb leadership? ? all slanted corners and stunning scenery, including the justly celebrated jazz sequence, in which Cook manicly beats his drums in sexual insanity caused by Raines' perverse robes the investigation, he refused testimony, which could get her retired lover from prison). Another great, long sequence is the one in which Raines follows the bartender (another witness to noncooperation) through the streets of New York. resulting in a car mows it down! <br /> <br /> The trial sequence is also noteworthy ?? which is fully depicted through the reaction of the audience, so that the judge, the jury, the witnesses and DA never really seen (although the judge’s voice is recognizable as the voice of veteran actor Samuel S. Hinds). The central point of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Ton discuss the nature of the criminal, and the inspector suppresses the latter as mentally insane, giving Ton, initially complacent “dizzying spells”. Waiting for the climax Rains finds alone with Ton in his apartment, where she discovers evidence of his guilt ?? and he confesses that he had an affair with Baxter’s wife, but he killed her when she did not give up her husband for his sake. <br /> <br /> By the way, I stumbled upon a little nonsense in the film: while the story is clearly set out in 1943, I noticed that during a taxi ride to the beginning of the movie ?? in which Alan Curtis escorts the title lady to the theater ?? In the new film “New York” (in which the shots are clearly visible), a tent is shown advertising the 1938 SWISS MISS! Musical comedy by Laurel and Hardy. By the way, the famous mysterious writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel on which it was based, using a pseudonym.
