Alan Curtis has a loud, brutal argument with his wife, he flies out of his apartment, drinks at night with a mysterious lady in a big hat at the bar (run by Andrew Tombs, in a great villainous part for a change) and returns to find his wife dead and the police led by thomas gomez waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with this mysterious lady - fail, because everyone he can think about (The Tombs, Elisha Cook) argue that there has never been such a person. He does not have an alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) Ellen Raines believes him. Convicted after trial, he is awaiting his death sentence. Raines begins to pursue the truth, discovering that Gomez has his doubts. She also finds an ally in Curtis' friend, Francho Tone, who apparently was out of town on the night of the crime. Will she clean Curtis on time? The Phantom Lady is based on the novel by William Irish (the great noir writer Cornell Woolrich). As fans of cinema from Woolrich's other works (“The Leopard Man”, “The Night Has Thousands of Eyes”, “The Rear Window”, “The Man She Doesn't Have”) are well known, no one can guess what is true on the surface. The seller’s missing wife cannot actually be in the northern part of the state, sending him messages that she has arrived, if he still has her jewels. Can a mentalist really predict tragedy - or was he preparing to kill his old partner, now an oil millionaire? Did a leopard kill young women or did a rich recluse in the city actually hide some guilty knowledge? Is a young woman claiming to be the wife of a brother who died as a result of a train wreck as an impostor? Here Raines and Gomez (with the help of Ton) are trying to prove that Curtis saw a woman that no one would see - and if he saw her, then why could no one remember her anymore? The problem with the story is really in the identity of Curtis - he gives up too easily if he is found guilty of a crime he did not commit. In fact, anyone who is innocent will shout about it until he is executed. However, in defense of the collapse of Curtis, this also happens to other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in MR. WORKS TO BURN, becomes so disgusted about the fact that Douglas Dumbril and his henchmen are so insane and insane that he does not protect himself at first, until people who depend on his help shout out their fears in the courtroom and do not awaken his sense of responsibility. But Curtis just seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and all the rest would be all the same if Curtis was not. <br /> <br /> But the film is experiencing this weakness. Slow unraveling of lies by witnesses, bought by a real killer, allows you to get two sets for Raines with Tombs on a deserted elevated platform and Elisha Cook at the jazz session. Gomez is more insightful than the villain is waiting for re-checking his alibi. And the villain manages to get a little ahead of Raines and Gomez before the final minutes of the film. If this is not such a good film as DOUBLE DIVISION, or POSTMAN ALWAYS DOUBLE RINGS, or MALTA FALCON, it holds up pretty well until Curtis and Raines are reunited at the end.
