This noir may not be the most memorable film of that era, but it has a big mysterious plot, the general atmosphere of the noir and some good performances of its lesser-known actors. Robert Siodmak, a talented director of the mysterious / terrible classic Spiral Staircase, shot this film two years earlier than the above film, and shows a real talent for creating a dark and thoughtful atmosphere, as well as creating a plot that both intrigues and captivates the viewer. The lady focuses on Scott Henderson; the man is married to a woman he does not like. One evening, he picks up a lady in a bar in a big hat, and they agree to spend a night of fun without any conditions. However, he returns home and discovers that his apartment is teeming with police, and soon finds out that their reason is that his wife was strangled with one of his neckties! He was horrified to find that no one whom he had seen while with a mysterious woman could remember her, and, of course, the jury sent him for the murder of his wife. However, fortunately for him, his beautiful female servant gets into the business ... <br /> <br /> The plot goes quite well everywhere, and unlike many of the most famous noirs, it tells about several murders, which are leading the trial. more interesting. In fact, if it were not for the fact that it was made in the forties and shot in black and white, I would swear that the Phantom Lady was an Italian Djallo! All the main characters are quite interesting: Alan Curtis gives a good idea of ​​the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines is an effective female improvised detective story. This outstanding film, however, is Franchott Ton, who provides an unforgettable performance as the insane villain of this piece. The film also has a role to support extraordinary actor Elisha Cook, Jr., who plays drums in the most memorable segment of the film. If I had criticized this film, I would say that the identity of the murderer is revealed too early - although the “Phantom Lady” deserves some praise on this front for the original approach. The conclusion is satisfactory, and everything makes sense (which is surprising, given the incredible storyline), and in general, the Phantom Lady is certainly one of the greatest and most under-appreciated noirs ever created!
