I rated this movie at 7/10, which is an average of 8/10 for the script, direction and production performance of 1944, and 6/10 for acting. My current rating, in turn, was calculated at 4/10 for all on-screen characters, except that it played as the heroine Ella Raines in the role of Carol Richman, who did an excellent job with 8/10. I also recommend Thomas Gomez as inspector Burgess, whose character convinces him that he personally does not consider Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) guilty just because of his naive alibi. Then these two form an alliance to prove Scott's alibi. <br /> <br /> I have this movie on DVD "Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro" in Spanish called "La Dama Desconocida" with the original soundtrack "Ingles" in the form of an alternative language, because, despite the search, I could not find the full English version. However, I really wanted to see another performance by Ella Raines after she was impressed by her playing the role of the heroine in “Impact” as the sole owner of the garage. Here, Ella performs another heroic role of believing in the innocence of her boss engineer and refusing several offers to return to her home in Kansas (the name of her boss's pet for her) before searching for the missing alibi. The fact that she is secretly in love with her boss is a bit difficult to understand. I suppose, since formally he simply had formal business relations with her. However, he designed orphanages and playgrounds, so I suppose that a family man caught fire in the family of Carol. <br /> <br /> In the 1940s, with the “film code” in action, producers could only depict sex through metaphors, and here it is done in the form of a furious drumbeat performed by Elisha Cook Jr. Carol turns into a girl of easy virtue, trying to lure the drummer in by giving her the information about the alibi "Phantom Lady". Another main character, Jack Marlowe (partner of Scott Henderson), plays Franchot Ton, whose performance I think is too theatrical and wonders, for example, why Carol didn't notice him all the time and Strang. I just admire his hands. Here the script had to be improved and provided with greater uncertainty, since these theatrical performances telegraphed the plot too early for the audience.
