The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel as if he is playing out the ultimate fantasy: a step to the place of Agent 007. “FRWL” approaches this goal closer than any other game, because this time you control the real James . Bond Do not be offended by Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic connection and borrowed his voice and resemblance to "EON", but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and there would never be anyone who came close to his level of steepness. <br /> <br /> At the moment I have to say that, like many others who viewed this game, Sean’s 70-year-old voice doesn’t match his 30-year-old image on the screen, and you need to get used to it, but definitely worth it. He again turns the lines such as "Bond, James Bond" and "Shake without moving." But control of Sir Sean, when he takes on the evil organization known as OCTOPUS, is, as Bond said in Octopus, "only the tip of the tentacle." Awesome game starts with the opening of the barrel. This is the original barrel from the movies. Then you take on the first mission, saving the blonde Prime Minister's beauty from terrorists in Parliament, and everything - from cars to clothes - is completely retro. The game world is truly the world of the original James Bond, right down to the classic rock and roll show of the James Bond theme, which finally plays at a key moment at the end of the game, when Bond penetrates the secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the opening of the game, the plot corresponds exactly to the plot of the film “FRWL”. James Bond is sent to Turkey to pick up a Lektor device from a Russian clerk who claims he is in love with him. In Turkey, Bond teamed up with a handsome assistant Kerim Bey. Bond must pick up the device, protect the damsel in distress, and safely return both to London. Bond writer Bruce Fairstein worked on the script, and he did a good job of making the game the same, but different from the movie. The characters from the movie are all recreated well, but some are better than others. The imitators voicing the villains Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are strange. And at the beginning of the game there is a moment when you interact with Miss Manipenny, M and Q, who all look and behave the same way as in the original films of Sean Connery 007. <br /> <br /> What gives the game miles? In front of other Bond games, besides the voice and similarity of Sir Sean, there are two remarkable features in the game process. One of them is Bond Focus. While you can send the villains by simply blocking them with one button and killing them with another, pressing the button will allow you to get closer to the target and select places that Bond will shoot at, for example, a grenade attached to Belt, which will send the enemy and several his friends or a rope that will make a measured enemy plunge into his death. Another remarkable feature is the killing of stealth and shoals. When you are close enough, just press a button to bring down the enemy with cruel cruelty that only James Bond Sean Connery has demonstrated. <br /> <br /> Bond Sean Connery relied mainly on his rough mind and talent, so you only have a few gadgets, but they are good. A Q-copter is a remote-controlled helicopter that can self-destruct and explore areas that Bond cannot reach, like Q-spider in EON, only better. Classic laser clocks are useful not only to penetrate closed rooms, but also to send enemies when you do not have other available weapons. Sonic cufflinks and a serum pistol are the most interesting things to play, but you have to try them yourself. In addition to gadgets, you can dress Bond in several retro suits found during the game, including a gray suit from the film, a standard black tuxedo, a retro trick, and a classic white tuxedo, they all looked exactly the same when they were worn by Sir Sean. to the cinema. When you drive in a game, you drive an Aston Martin DB5 straight from Goldfinger. He can't become invisible, but he has a device for hissing tires, like in a movie. And when you don’t fly the streets of Istanbul in a Goldinger car, you can fly through the air in the Thunderball package. <br /> <br /> Then there is the multiplayer. Of course, it must be compared with the standard of the game "GoldenEye", and it fails. In addition, you can only play for the villains of Bond, and not for Bond himself or other heroes of the game. But the multiplayer game is fun, and a decent bonus, as an amazing single-player campaign in itself makes the game worth seeing. The main game has other drawbacks. Some of the most exciting moments of the film, in particular the shootout in the Gypsy camp, the Bond fight with the Red Grant in the Orient Express and the confrontation between Bond and Rosa Klebb blade, are not reflected in the game form. And the game is fast, even on the most difficult difficulty. But overall, this game is the best James Bond experience so far.
