I am not a follower of a certain genre of cinema. I only classify films as industrial or non-industrial. Valentin is the second industrial film directed by Jamie Blanks after his Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and storyline are very weak. And yet, unlike the “City Legends”, the main elements of the film are so bright and significant, and this is what makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first basic and symbolic element, the growing hatred of a serial killer is so mundane. From middle age he grew up with his wounds, which he amassed in his soul against his classmates who laughed at him. When you concentrate sufficiently on this first element while watching a film, you will see this view of humanism: “No one is completely good or evil. In fact, someone known as evil may have a secretly kind heart. ” Just because the storyline and the direction are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserved. <br /> <br /> The second significant element is, of course, the magnificent union of superstars of the late 90s: my favorite Jessica Kaufiel, who is killed in the coolest way to be killed. An arrow shot from a bow pierces her tummy and gets stuck in it while she was playing hide-and-seek with a blind date, never meeting him. Katherine Heigl is the first asterisk killed in the biological laboratory, trying to hide under the human bodies lying on the surgical tables. Denise Richards is killed by the third, and she found a gift for her on Valentine's Day in the jacuzzi. Jessica Capshaw was killed last confidentially and invisibly, and then she was accused of a serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most unhappy woman with the vicissitudes of fate that she will be killed in the most confidential way that we will never know, because the film is about to end before she is killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the luckiest, since she was not the classmate of the serial killer, David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and final sign element is the soundtrack from the blind lab scene, Valentine's Day celebration at Dorothy’s homes and, ultimately, the murder theme. As far as I know, everyone liked the soundtrack. Hard rock never fits better in a serial killer mystery movie.
