I will not try to speculate on what Brando tried to do. At his best, he turns into such weird notions, hinting at so many things at once that it seems that he does nothing but play by the same instinct. It often seems that he pays attention to some favorite aspect of his character in comparison with all the others, the concentration, which, if followed, turns out to be something like red herring, as it turns out to be more subtle, smarter than it first seemed. This is the mastery of art, not naturalism, as it may be associated with the Method. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz so miraculously realized, seems to be especially for him, which must begin with the strange and the strange in the end, because, no matter what Brando did, he received grace, perhaps all his own, but nonetheless The unsurpassed grace is again strange, from an actor with limited musical ability, never before or after not associated with a musical comedy. Gene Simmons, also strangely played, is not so impressive, but certainly above just adequate, truly delightful in the sequence of Havana, and never less pleasant in everything. <br /> <br /> And yet ... perhaps because the actors are so focused on what they do, and the characters on what they intend apart, it seems that the chemistry lovers brought up so aggressively more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah respectively feed each other quite well, but I, for example, do not see it anymore. In the film it is frankly dazzling and fascinating (and almost everything in it, from the point of view of the craft, is simply dazzling), this drawback may seem to be something tactful and easily overlooked, but much depends on true chemistry! At least a partial transformation of the characters with the help of such chemistry would give something positive, moving to the final scene. As such, everyone leaves this film, of course, delighted, but not really touched, except in such a way as to nullify the truth of the union. Notice, sister Sarah is getting married in her missionary uniform, and Sky Masterson is wearing the same outfit, not a wedding tuxedo. And they returned to those that were in their previous scene! <br /> <br /> Quite funny (that is shrewd), the most touching and most serious scene, I think, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, since the Sinatra / Nathan Doll of Detroit, Adelaide, is the only scene where these two are exclusively together not least because there is simply no hint of flirting between them, even if it happens in Adelaide’s dressing room when Adelaide is about to change. Although it can be argued that there is no place for it, but Sky is indeed the type that “checks” Adelaide in such circumstances. He is even there to say that Adelaide Nathan will not meet with her to escape. Adelaide and Sky are both true to Nathan, even regrettable to him, as demonstrated in a tone in their exchange. Adelaide, of course, is also disappointed and disappointed, but her anger is softened by her deeper feelings for Nathan, because Sky convinces her that she cannot love a man, and then wants him to be someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and dolls are another twist in the battle of the sexes, around the topic of gambling and salvation. Since both the intrusive player and the rescue seeker more or less unconsciously incite despair, there may simply be a dark secret deliberately behind the lack of chemistry in Brando and Simmons. After all, this flaw may well mean an excess of narcissistic preoccupation (as evidenced by the combination of Sinatra and Blaine, albeit with a much smaller amount of self-deception), which may explain the strange, rather provocative interpretations of Brando and Simmons Sky Masterson and the Sisters. Sarah. I understand that Simmons, perhaps, basically portrays coldness and skepticism, but Brando, although he is trying to resist her, is not quite hot and impatient, and does not just keep her distance - he also learns it while maintaining balance. His courage is to just play against her - a trip to Cuba, a kiss, whatever, but in reality he is not going to win by seducing her as much as beating her then in her own turf. This can be insightful, since the game of zeal may be the only way to get to the missionary to the end. But this makes Sky’s move from merely trying to win a bet to Sarah Brown’s desire a little less convincing. But why does he want her? What does it mean to fall in love with Skye? I find the only way to get around this, really admitting that his humanity has rebelled and that he does not want to end up being a simple crook towards sister Sarah, so he, as promised her, should deliver the sinners to her prayer meeting, correct him "Marker", as he puts it, as a way to win it, when it seems that he has already won, only by losing it. But it still means taking care of yourself the most. However, this also takes Sarah Brown's own concerns into account, as Skye will reassure the missionary in her to bring her lover back. None of them, at least, seems to change greatly in their union, except in accepting the other. However, this may seem like an extremely difficult proposition: acceptance is still quite far from achieving happiness in another, not to mention transcendence, which each of them means by “chemistry”. And behind all this, I suspect that Mankiewicz is fully aware. <br /> <br /> For all those who can say in defense of “Guys and Dolls” that there is little that can be expected from musicals in terms of depth, I just need to remind them: “Cabaret”, “Opera with three penny ”,“ Carousel ”,“ Star is born ”, even“ Sounds of Music ”, which are not very important to me (and you can continue to add this list, even without moving to post-cabaret musicals), everyone is wrapped in great music and dancing around terrible anxieties.
