It would be easy to call “Guys and Dolls” great. He has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, contrary to Sinatra’s original desires, casting), he has a really cool feeling from the 1950s, even if he is mostly transferred from the stage to the screen with a short break. And most of the songs are often funny and catchy, and are performed with this wink and nod at the wonderful escapism inherent in the form itself. If he is not as great as some others, he should not blame director Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all songs click completely, and a bit of dialogue seems to be performed for the stage, not for the film (sometimes it's hard to say - Brando and Sinatra cross the line so often that you have to watch carefully to say when one plays for the camera or for "while the actress playing Adele is better for the scene than for the screen. <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those winners who works well during her period, even if one wonders if the his influence on how in the 1999s she is “All that is" (well, not quite, but close). Player (and the 14-year-old engaged), played by Sinatra, wants to play a big game, but he is told that the heat is on, that is, the police are on guard. Thus, he has only one choice for hosting the game, with a tab in A thousand dollars. The only way he can do this is to make a big bet with another player Brando, who puts himself a wild job as a missionary. This allows for predictable turns in history, in the sudden on-off character enchantment, idiosyncrasy of people with streets (gangsters and dancers and "saitn" performed by Gene Simmons, who falls for Brando). In its basic concept, this is about the world of guys and dolls and how to balance one or the other - obviously, without getting married or without compromising. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy into the play, even when he is stationary with a camera on an object, and his stars are properly wound. Hell, even Brando works great for a musical, because it goes beyond just acting method and shows its ability to sing and the quality of a big star. History and characters ultimately boil down to what you hope will happen, and that's fine. All that we ask for - and what we get - is entertainment in good wits, involving dialogue, and a few songs and dances that destroy the house (my favorites were numbers with cats in the club, Good luck being a Lady, and two numbers down in Havana , Cuba). A-
