A group of female fashion designers from San Francisco who have been friends since elementary school are suddenly exposed to threats and attacks from someone who sends them strange postcards for Valentine's Day. Who is the killer and why is the killer behind them? <br /> <br /> My rating often changes on subsequent screenings of the film - sometimes slightly up, sometimes slightly down. However, I cannot remember another film, where my rating has changed as radically as for Valentine. The first time I watched it, after its theatrical release, I thought it was pretty awful - I gave it 4 out of 10, which is equivalent to the letter "F". Watching this the second time last night, I can't remember why the hell I didn't like about it. I can only assume that maybe I was really not in the right mood to watch it, or maybe I just did not understand it. In any case, I loved him this time, giving him 9 out of 10, or "A." <br /> <br /> It may seem ridiculous that I have not received such a film, but there is something to receive. Valentine is almost comedy / horror. Directed by Jamie Blanks, who was also in charge of The Urban Legend of 1998, uses the stereotypical horror formula for teenagers that became so popular in the late 1990s after Scream (1996) and raises most of the elements a step higher, making crappy / almost absurd (where absurdism is a positive stylistic term). In addition, he gives us a film filled with humorous comments about romantic relationships. Humor is unusual in that it has the same exaggeratedly restrained tone as the teenage aspects of horror. Most of the situations in the film and the way the villain acts, funny or not, are related to the theme of Valentine's Day. <br /> <br /> Many viewers are likely to deduct points from the film for its various cliches. ingrained but implausible scenarios and plot development. However, in the light of the foregoing, the film is deliberately clichéd, implausible and ridiculous. It’s as if Blanks tried (and mostly succeeded) to surpass the typical teenage slasher, making fun of / forging the conventions of the genre, and also making fun of eros. This is the irony of a horror movie on Valentine's Day. This discrepancy, which is cleverly woven into the film, is in itself the heart of the slasher genre, which makes it the main feed for Valentine’s extravagant panic-mongers. Scream had a similar purpose with his horror material, but the twist was that the film was “self-aware”. Valentine's Day is deliberately not conscious of itself; the viewer must rely on contextual cues for satire. So that some would not think that I “read too much” in the film, it is worth noting that Blanks said in an interview that he “didn’t want to just do another slasher after“ City Legend ”, and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to something more mature. <br /> <br /> Other viewers may not like the fact that Valentine's Day is so different from his intended source material, the novel by Tom Savage. The characters of the novel, the setting and the plot are very different from the film. Sellers said: “Although it was a good book, I did not think it was a suitable story for a film.” So instead, the novel, which is much drier and more serious in tone, was used as a launching pad, a motive for creating variations for the horror story / thriller dedicated to St. Valentine's Day. Although these facts will not help purists familiar with a book, such as a film, it is helpful to understand why a film has a divergent plot and attitude. It is probably better to look at the film as an independent entity with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> Blanca's direction is visually flawless. Valentine's Day has a magnificent view everywhere, with complex, deep colors, interesting decorations and good staging. Blanks is amazing because he keeps the villain and the attack scenes are not too dark, with a distinct action. He also directs his actors with aplomb, catalyzing the often crafty humorous acts. David Boreanaz, like Adam Carr, is involved in many funniest moments. <br /> <br /> Although Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, this is a very good horror film / thriller, which seems to be strongly prone to delusions. If you watch it, expecting something more mocking, you may feel that you appreciate it a lot more.
