This is a masterpiece of Frank Lessser with funny lyrics, competent topics and solid construction of those who adapted the material of Damon Runion to the "book" of the musical. What is surprising in the film is how easily the musical numbers flow from the plot. Abe Burrows made a book with Lessser's contributions; Michael Kidd was a choreographer, and an outstanding artistic direction was introduced by Joseph Wright. The storyline can be told in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs money to finance his ongoing game to entertain Big Julia, the Chicago boss. He relies on the chance of Sky Masterson, well represented by Marlon Brando, that he cannot force the Salvation Army girl to go with him to Havana; Masterson wins the bet, saves the Mission, falls in love with the girl, invites the players and the riffraf into a shitty game to attend the service, and tells everyone that the lady was immune to his spell - a complete lie. Of course, he ends with a lady; and Detroit marries his long-suffering bride, Vivian Blaine. Other cast members include Stubby Kay, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Pulley as Big Julie Gangster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Catherine Givney as Leader of the Salvation Army, Veda Ann Borg and Gene Simmons as the cool girl of the Salvation Army, Sarah Brown. Famous musical numbers in this award-winning Broadway debacle include “Fugue For Tinhorns”, “Guys and Dolls”, “Luck Be a Lady”, “I Know”, “A Man Can Catch a Cold” and “The Oldest Created Game Permnanet Floating Crap in New York! "Joseph L. Mankiewicz from" Cleopatra "and" Letters to Three Wives "led the process; and the work flow was very interesting and continued to move. He is equally adept at maintaining excellent dialogue and staging such huge numbers as" Luck, Lady " , a varied and complex brawl section, the Havana section Woman in Love, created for the previous film, the presentation of the title of the Songs “Guys and Dolls” and “Pet Me, Poppa” was staged in the club where Blaine works. The game is very uneven. Sometimes, Simmons it seems wrong, Brando is fine right he enjoys singing, and he loves instinct, charm and bewilderment, even in the comedy scene. Sinatra tries hard, but is not suitable for this role for several reasons, like Nathan Detroit; Blaine is too theatrical in selling her numbers, which she Of course, he sings professionally. Leonard, Tumi, Kay, Keith and Pulli do what they ask for and more at all stages. The stylized opening and closing are designed to work well; In general, this film is a triumph for kind and subtle lyrics. Lessser, for director Mankiewicz as ringmaster and for the genre of musicals, so skillfully justified in this case. Delightful and completely different.
