This musical was not exactly what I expected, first of all, there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. Because it was based on the story of Damon Runyon, I expected irony and surprise, one of which was really good - when we discover that the Sinatra gang used the Salvation Army office for its crappy game when Brando was in Havana with Simmons. Unless of course, it comes at the right moment when Brando returns it. I really did not expect much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He was not great, but he was just in that role. However, his large number in the sewer along with the rest of Sinatra's boys was the only place where I felt that Brando’s voice was weak. He simply did not have the power that the great climax required. In general, I discovered that the scenes between Brando and Simmons are filled with electricity, and I did not think that this would happen when we first saw Simmons alone, and then when we met Brando in a restaurant, when Sinatra tries to quickly pull one on him Only when Brando goes to her office does this story come to life. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was calm, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, about whom I had never heard, but which, I think, played a role on Broadway, simply seemed to slow down the process. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. In addition, her songs seemed to me the weakest in terms of the development of the plot or character. On top of that, all the rooms of Goldwyn Girls seemed like shoes, just for shine. For example, when Frank meets Brando at a nightclub, we simply switch to the stage routine for the cat number — then it cuts down on guys who continue as if there was no dance number at all. Whenever Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a wonderful time, but every time we returned to the story of Sinatra-Blaine, my level of interest fell. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were some good ones, especially the very first number from Stubby Kaye, Fugue for Tinhorns number (Can Do!). This is a great song, and it reminded me of the very first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever it was called. And the room in the sewer - I couldn't help but remember “Cool” from the West Side Story - which brings me to the point. I really did not like the artistic direction in this film. Fake Times Square was so fake that it attracted attention. The same for the Havana sequence, and especially the sewer. I understand that in 1955 most of the musicals were filmed on film sets, but that all changed - for example, Carousel made extensive use of photos from the scene. Even in the City, scenes were filmed in Mahattan in 1949. By the time we get into West Side Story in 1961, it is believed that what is happening in Manhattan should have been really filmed in Manhattan. Thus, for comparison, the Manhattan "Guys and Dolls" felt outdated and more than pretty. And changing Lindy to Mindy - did they really need to do this for legal reasons? Now I always thought that “Guys and Dolls” is a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with different girls. It was much more focused than what was due to him. In this respect, he is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in itself, but had a certain superficiality. <br /> <br /> My main complaint is about guys and dolls, and I don’t know if this is endemic to the original stage show, but when Gene Simmons realizes that Brando never took money for his bet with Sinatra and even said that he lost the bet, she just runs off to find him, and we cut before the wedding. It seems to me that the scene between Brando and Simmons would have led to the strengthening of this story. Seeing Brando coming as she approaches him would be a great scene. In The Music Man there is such a scene (SPOILERS AHEAD) when Harold and Marion have this duet while he is waiting for her to change. She is upstairs in her house, he is on the sidewalk. He sings 76 trombones. She sings "Good night, my someone." They suddenly switch and sing each other's songs - a great way to pass on your cross to each other. This is an emotionally high moment of the film. Nevertheless, "Guys and Dolls" did a lot of things.
