I am intrigued by a strong sense of favor (or sympathy!) To Sinatra in other reviews here. Elsewhere I read that Sinatra never seems to forgive anyone for being * not * played like the Heavenly Masterson. <br /> <br /> Okay, so who wouldn't want to be played like Heavenly Masterson? ?? This is a big part: a charismatic, successful player who makes a serious mistake when he allows himself to be drawn into a bet in which he must take a rescue sergeant, Sarah Brown, on a date to Cuba or lose. Isn't that money ?? it is a pride, but he and she meet their match. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit has to manipulate his long-suffering bride Adelaide, trying to find a place to play dice, which will make him rich if he does not push his bride away forever. <br /> <br /> The film began its life as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: this is his unique dialogue, you hear him, and these are the names of his great characters, and this is his world of horse racing / nightclub / late night. Then he became a musical, and you can't help but feel that in the form of a movie he never leaves the stage. The camera is unusually static and the kits are wonderful ?? but not nice ?? flat and childish. Fortunately, the music is so great, I don’t care. <br /> <br /> My favorite thing in this film is singing and playing two non-singers, Brando (as Skye). and Gene Simmons (as Sargent Sarah Brown). Of course, the inclusion of professional performers in these roles would give the best music; but what is surely forgotten is that two such wonderful actors instead brought something else to the party: they lacked vocal talent, which they more than made up for in pleasure, acting ability and pathos, pathos, pathos. You are with Skye, as he argues with Sarah against reason, stability, pipes and safety. You enjoy Sarah's relaxation under the influence of the Cuban “milk”. You feel the suddenness and passion of their scene in the courtyard, the bells and the hour before the plane takes them home. As Skye correctly said, this is "chemistry." Pro singers ?? whether it be Broadway belts or smooth singers ?? don't have to rely for that to happen. (And they, of course, did not.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not fully devoting himself to the role of Nathan Detroit. Sinatra, in turn, was furious at Brando with four doubles. As a Brando fan (it shows?!), I have to take the other side, but I can’t imagine that this film would have been as adorable as it is today if Brando and Simmons weren’t into this with their wonderful chemistry; The unpredictability of Brando; Simmons's face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and shameful in a Cuban bar. Beautiful. I always want a copy of this film to roll in case I feel good again. You will forgive me if you give 100% of the meaning to some conversations about Nathan (dream), right? You will not? Oh, be quiet and drink some more Mindy's cheesecake!
