I remember watching the Disney version and watching it now, making me think that she somehow lost her magical touch. Many other ideas about Cinderella, ever left aside, have actually lost their connection over the years. Then I found this production with the flawless play of Kathleen Turner as an evil stepmother, and I was shocked by the phantasmagoric essence of this fantasy story that put me into a dead end from childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl whose father died and at the mercy of her wicked stepmother and stepdaughter and who dreams of going to the ball for the last chance for freedom. But this storyline takes another twist in the classic Tale, forcing Cinderella (her real name is Zizola, and her name is only the family because of her slavery) to trap the situation of her father (who still lives) slowly losing herself in front of his dominant wife who manipulates him to play favorites with his wife and stepdaughters against his own and tries to poison him. Thus, Zizola comes out to save her father, preventing her stepmother from finding another fan at the ball, distracting the men who are on her way. There, the bored Prince Valiant changed his mind about his dull life and fell in love with a mysterious lady in a strange dress (forged by a water nymph named Mab) with rose petals for slippers. <br /> <br /> What attracted me to this film is the original version of the old tale, with which no one can match. He does not spin a web of lies, like most Cinderella stories, ignore any reasons Cinderella would like to attend the ball, nor does he show the petty side of the prince, as in the Disney version. Instead, it shows Cinderella's more selfless heart more than any other production, and the piece of art is simply stunning! All costumes are beautifully made, especially Zizola's sapphire ball gown, to match the fantastic beauty of Marcella Plunkett and soft, spirit-like voice. <br /> <br /> I would highly recommend this film to anyone who is interested in a fabulous sequence of a classic fairy tale with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and the director have not made a complete collection of other Tales with the same element and the fact that the film is already out of print.
