The first step towards getting off the road that leads nowhere is the realization that you are on it first; then it becomes a matter of asserting yourself and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that may have put you on this path from the very beginning. This is exactly what a young Latin American girl does in “Girlfight,” written and directed by Karin Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old high school student from projects in Brooklyn who is in danger of being expelled after her fourth fight in the halls since the beginning of the semester. It affects the attitude of “anything,” which hides a deep anger that threatens to take her where she would not like to go. She lives with her father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very conditional relationship, and with her younger brother Tini (Ray Santiago). Since her life is on the verge of collapse, she desperately needs a way out, through which it would be possible to send demons who torment her. And one day she finds it, not even looking at it, when she stops at the gym, where Tiny is training. Ironically, Tini wants nothing to do with boxing; he wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined that his son can take care of himself on the streets and pay ten dollars a week, which he pays for his lessons. When Diana convinces Coach's coach, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), take her in her arms and turns to her father for money, call it a weekly benefit (she doesn’t want him to know why she needs money) Sandro refuses her and tells her go out and earn your own money. Ultimately, with the help of Tiny, she finds a way out, and the ring soon becomes her second home. It is an environment for which she readily adapts, and it seems that her life is about to change for the better. And the fact that she will have to fight with men, and not with women in the competition for the "blind floor", does not in any way bother her. Diana found her item. <br /> <br /> For the first time, writer / director Karin Kusama did an amazing job of creating a realistic setting for her story, presenting an honest portrait of life in projects and expressing this despair to so familiar young people who were in a dead end and on the road that leads nowhere. And there are no lollipops on it either; as Hector tells Diana when she asks him how he got where he is: “Once I was a fighter. I'm lost.' Then, looking around the busy gym: “Like most of these guys, they will lose too. But that's all they know ... And it is this honesty of the relationship, as well as how the characters are portrayed, make this film as good as he is. This is a bleak world, accentuated by a dimly lit, dilapidated gymnasium - you can smell the sweat of boxers - and this feeling of desolation that hangs over all of this is like a pale blanket, covering those people who are hanging and hanging to the only thing they have that they know. <br /> <br /> Michelle Rodriguez, who made her debut on the screen, played well in the role of Diana, filling her with the depth and deep thought that radiates her. In the waves. She is so real that it makes you wonder how Rodriguez really is; exactly where the actor stops and the character begins? Whatever it is, it works. This is a powerful, memorable representation of the actor, from whom we look forward to another undertaking. She certainly makes Diana a role model in which many hope to find inspiration and the realization that there are alternative ways in life, at least for those who are looking for them. <br /> <br /> The same positive as this film, however, ends with something ambiguous; although Diana obviously has her feet on the ground, there is no indication of where she is going. Is this a short-term solution for her, or is she destined to become Hector's partner? In the end, realistic (and in light of the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing is not exactly a profession that gives in and does not open its hands to women. And in accordance with the theme of the film and the director's approach, it would be appropriate to confirm the results of Diana's assertiveness. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Eliza Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricky) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Despite the fact that he gives a very real picture of life, which many will be able to determine, there are certain aspects of the “Girlfight”, which slightly increase the credibility of some of what is happening in the ring. In addition, this is a positive film, which for the most part brings satisfaction. I rate it 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
