Imagine the scene: a mountainous alien landscape. Two moons illuminate the blood-red sky. The Tardis lands, and the Doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian coat, and Rose, his companion from Earth, come out. Flickering recognition crosses his face. “Well, I never! This is the planet Saurious-7. Where I fought the warlike Kraggartians. They tried to use giant Skinkons to capture the planet. ” The girl sniffs the air. “We can't go, doctor. I don't like the way this place looks. I keep thinking that we are being watched. ” The doctor waves a disapproving finger. “Don't be stupid, girl. I wonder if the king and queen of the city of Kordarabi remember me from my last visit. Come on, Rose, come on! ” He leaves, the girl struggles to keep up. High on the hill, ominous red eyes look at them with hatred ... <br /> <br /> This was not how Rosa started in 2005, and thank God for that, I say. Unfairly ridiculed during her Original British radio program "Rose" can now be safely regarded as a landmark episode, putting "Dr.Who" in the place where she belonged, as one of the BBC flagship programs. The mistakes made in the TV McGann film were well studied. Instead of trying to squeeze the new “Who” into the existing chronology, it became the new beginning of the series, starting with the fact that the girl from the store Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) began to practice her daily routine. One day she goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the problem begins. Mannequins come to life and attack her. Only thanks to the intervention of the mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) is she saved. <br /> <br /> The story, however small, is more than adequate as a starting point for the series. Autons, of course, the old villain (this was their first appearance since 1971), but no mention of their past appearances is made - another wise move. The finale effectively recreated the famous scene in “Spear from space”, when the windows of the showcase came to life. As a Doctor, Christopher Eccleston lacked the eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring the modern leather jacket to the traditional dress of the Doctor, but this made him more accessible to the desired new audience of the show. Billie Piper mixed her critics with a big “Rose” impression. Noel Clark was also good as her boyfriend Mickey. <br /> <br /> Yes, there was a special emphasis on special effects, but then it was necessary to be - shaky sets and unconvincing monsters of the past have no place on 21st century television. What is more important is a good script. Ten million people are set to meet with the new Doctor. <br /> <br /> Doctor Who returned - and came back with a bang!
