An equally important element of British pop culture, like Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who became a hit for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the longest-running television shows in the world (most TV shows, Fortunately, there are ten seasons). Plans to restart the series have always been on the BBC agenda, and after a calculated (not to mention Americanized) television film shot by Fox, it was not possible to capture the magic of the original version for another nine years (despite the Comic Relief parody and animated mini the series)) was needed before the final Time Lord was able to return properly, thanks to renowned writer Russell T. Davis. <br /> <br /> Davis’s brilliance in character’s replay is his decision to make it through the eyes of a stranger: Rose Tyler (Billy Piper), a London girl who leads a very normal life, until one night she was attacked by creatures made of living plastic. She is saved by an elusive stranger who presents herself simply as Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after the joke: “Nice to meet you, Rose. Run for your life! ” As this “man” becomes more and more curious, she soon finds herself in a completely new world: aliens, invasions, traveling in time and space and, of course, the omnipresent TARDIS in the form of a police box. <br /> The first 45 minutes of the new Doctor Who is almost perfect (special effects could use a bit more polishing), because Davis nailed two things: a unique show humor and two main characters. The most attractive feature of the original series was its mix of exciting science fiction and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult, if not impossible, to export. Here, all laughter is associated with conversations between Rose and the Doctor, who act as completely rounded characters after just one episode. So, technically Dr. Eccleston is Ninth to use this name, but he distances himself from the previous eight incarnations, speaking with a northern accent (the one he uses daily) and justifying it with a stunning line: “Many planets have north! <br /> <br /> The real triumph of this episode is Piper's performance: theoretically, Rose is quite recent, so she is almost the same age as the thousands of young viewers who have never heard of the Doctor before. Her image of an ordinary girl lost in a new, exciting universe represents the reaction of a new generation to the return of a television icon, and the chemistry that instantly forms between her and Eccleston is a sign pointing to a new Doctor who is as good as the old one. <br /> <br /> First, the fifth, the ninth, it does not matter: there may have been others before Eccleston (and Piper, for that matter), but together he, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the group is one character, so cool that he doesn't even need a name: he is a Doctor.
