With the shining sun on a quiet Sunday, which is about to wake up completely, love is felt in the soft wind that pierces my legs, and in the smiles of people with whom I go along. This is the perfect day to stay with croissants and cafe milk before heading into the city of light and love. Of course, the flight to Paris is not reasonable in the budget of this modest film critic, so I had to choose the next best thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by various international directors. Each piece is named after different Parisian quarters and is a reflection of love. Paris, trying not to glorify the strongest and most convincing human emotions, explores love at different stages of its own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And indeed, what better way to express the fleeting nature of love and how a moment can change your life than with a collection of shot moments. <br /> <br /> The excellent poetic quote above is taken from Faubourg Saint-Denis Tom Tyckwer. True to its form, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses slow motion and repetition to demonstrate the whole cycle of love from birth to decay. Originally filmed in 2004 with this anthology, Faubre was cast as Natalie Portman as Francine, American actress in Paris for the film, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, the blind man with whom she falls in love. Here the blind leads the blind through the most unstable terrain, where two people absorb each other to such an extent that their lives almost lose their existence. As love seems to turn from dazzling to giddy, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks she can play in our minds and the illusions she can create when we go astray with doubt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most frivolous romantic offer comes from Sylvain Chomets Eiffel Tower. Choosing the most recognizable landmark of the city by name, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a little boy who tells the story of how his parents met and fell in love. His father, the pantomime (Paul Putner), discovers that he falls into one surrealist scenario after another and eventually ends up in prison. Here he meets a woman who will become the love of his life (Yolanda Moreau). Miming has become something of a dying art, if it has not yet died. However, by nature, it is dreamy and calm. Miming points the finger at the absurdity of human behavior, and what, besides love, can make people act more absurdly? We could find someone special in the least likely circumstances if we just took ourselves a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME supports the flow, not always focusing on the love between lovers. Three memorable shorts focus on love between parent and child. Walter Salles (The Motorcycle Diaries) Catalina Sandino Moreno sings with love to her child, and then leaves him singing the same song with distant longing for the child for whom she watches her life. Nobuhiro Suva (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) makes Juliette Binoche desperately try to overcome the emptiness that she feels after losing her son. Binoche speaks very little, not surprisingly, given her tremendous talent, her struggle is evident on her face when she finds out that love sometimes means letting go. And Alfonso Cuarón (MEN'S MEN) is weighed by one continuous shot of his father (Nick Nolte) and his adult daughter (Sary Martins) walking together, which should be the first time in a long time. We see them only across the street, and we approach them only because the distance between the two characters narrows to a place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last short screen is Alexander Payne's 14ieme Arrondissement. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes him unusual. Carol (Margot Martindale) is another American woman in Paris. She is there alone and less time than she would like, because the dogs are waiting for her at home. She is a simple person with a poor life who finds herself in a city that is rich and luxuriant. In beautifully Americanized French, she reflects on the sights and how her presence makes her feel. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy, despite numerous disappointments in life, and sitting in a city created for lovers, she realizes that she really is happy and loves herself more than she knew. She falls in love, even for a moment, in life and in love itself. <br /> <br /> Characters fleetingly appear in Paris, JE T'AIME find themselves in the romantic center of the universe. The moments they share with each other, whether it is helping someone get up after a heavy fall or reach out to another person, without touching him or without him knowing, are the moments that give love a flash and flourish. Outside the city, lovers can easily miss such moments, but we must remind ourselves of their meaning. It only takes a moment for love to shine in a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if one city can be so full of love, you have to believe that one day it will be able to find the way to your door.
