Paris, JE T'AIME - an amazing cinematic tribute to the city of light and the city of love, the film is so complex that it is almost impossible to summarize and review. Ask a large group of people your impressions of life in Paris, and the result will be something like this movie. The film, connected with all sectors or districts of the city, explores love in all its manifestations, natives in their Parisian styles and tourists interacting with the great city. Some twenty writers and directors, each of which has about five minutes of screen time, include Olivier Assayas, the Coen brothers, Sylvain Chometa, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuaron, Gerard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Sales, Nobuhiro Suva and Guus Van Sant are less known among others. Stories range from funny, humorous, touching, tragic, banal, tender. <br /> <br /> In one story, a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) attracts a young lithographer (Elias McConnell), pours out his heart in French to a guy who speaks only English. In another case, separated husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to complete the divorce procedure, while another couple in Pere Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) enter into marriage without bond, while the deceased's spirit Oscar Wilde will not intervene. Steve Buscemi in the Tuileries is confronted with superstition in the subway with his bag of tourist collections, in Bastille Sergio Castellitto (Leonor Watling, in love with his mistress), is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson, until she admits that she has a fatal leukemia, Juliette Binoche is facing agony about their fantasy and the loss of a son on the Place des Victoires with the help of the mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sarah Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sanier show a sharp story about erroneous ideas in “Parc Monceau”, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins “playing out r ”strange relationship in Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays a young blind man with actress Natalie Portman, who learns to see Faubourg Saint-Denis a vampire’s love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quarter de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaul - a former patriot, offended by drugs in The Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margot Martindale are a tourist carrier of tourist letters, desperately trying to speak French, which she has studied all her life. A trip to the affectionately cheerful 14th district. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the film are trying to link as many stories as possible, but this only works on superficial levels. The film is long, and there are no bridges between numerous stories, and this factor can tire the viewers due to lack of time to learn everything that happens. But, in the end, it is a richly detailed tribute to the great city and gives the viewer a lot of vignettes to visit again, like notes from the times in Paris. This is a movie that is worth watching several times! Grady harp
