I took my 19-year-old daughter to see this interesting exercise in making the film. I always find it intriguing to find out the opinions and opinions of different generations about films, especially since I myself am a cynic. It is good to get an ignorant opinion from someone who has not yet reached the “was there, made it” approach to every film she sees. I am glad to say that we both really enjoyed it and regarded it as a successful mother / daughter party. Much better than seeing some mind-blowing “chicken click” that I understand we should like, according to demographics? <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors were asked to write a short article about each district in Paris, a city where I had not been for 20 years. But I would like to. They are loosely connected with each other by shots and represent different approaches to love in the city, which in popular culture is considered the most important romantic capital of the world. Some films work better than others, but as other reviewers have said, it never goes too far in kitsch. Some funny, some sad, some intriguing, and some just mysterious (I'm still trying to see some deep inner truth in the barber shop "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon".) Some are just funny and may not have meant too much , a vampire and a tourist). Perhaps my only criticism of the entire film is that it makes Paris too good. It can also be cold, wet, hazy, indifferent and unhappy, or, in summer, hot and baked with so many tourists that you feel like a sardine in a bank lining up for hours to see all the sights. But I'm not going. <br /> <br /> My personal favorite was the Cohen Brothers film, filmed at Tuileries metro station, with great actor Steve Buscemi as a bewildered tourist who happened to be trapped in love. Absolutely perfect, and very, very funny, without Buscemi, without saying a word. I also liked the work on two pantomime artists, which was probably closest to the film, which seemed to him pleasant - it certainly stood on the edge of kitsch, but it just remained on the right side. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer, gaining insight from meeting the grave of Oscar Wilde, left me rather indifferent, and Juliette Binoche trying to cope with the death of her little son made me very, very uncomfortable. I thought that part of Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent and Ben Gazzar / Gena Rowlands failed, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (did she drive the market into addicts? I watched Sherry Baby last week.) <br /> <br / > But I felt that the two parts of "social justice" (due to the lack of a better way to express it) worked very well. By this I mean first of all a film about a young mother leaving her child in kindergarten to take care of someone else's child throughout the city. And then a film about an African migrant who is fighting for existence on the margins of an indifferent society who was wounded and died on the street in front of a young, new medical assistant. Another statistics of murders in a world in which thousands of migrants die in the struggle to achieve what they consider to be a better life every year. I thought both parts were very well respected. <br /> <br /> The last film, the 14th arrondissement, in which Margot Martindale plays a postal worker from Colorado, telling the story of her first trip to Paris ?? in very poorly accented french ?? in her evening school of the French class, moved me. The perfect ending, good, intriguing, if not a very different movie. <br /> <br /> Paris je t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works quite well.
