... for Paris it is a mobile holiday ". Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count how many great talents perpetuated Paris in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes and yes - cinema. Famous film director Max Ophüls said about Paris, <br /> <br /> “He offered brilliant wet boulevards under street lighting, breakfast in Montmartre with brandy in a glass, coffee and warm buns, a gigolo and a prostitute in the night. Everyone in the world has two fatherland: his own and Parisian. "<br /> <br /> Paris is always associated with love and p The story, and “Paris, Je T'Aime,” entitled “Petite Romances,” is a collection of short films, often sketches from 18 talented directors from around the world. In each of them, we meet one of the 20 districts of the City of Light and Parisians of all ages, genders, flowers and professions, all of whom deal with love in many of its variations and stages. In some “miniature novels,” we are witnessing unexpected encounters with strangers that lead to instant interest, intimacy, and perhaps relationships: for example, for Podalydès and Florence Muller on Montmartre street in the debut film or for Cyril Deschur and Leila Behti as white a boy and a Muslim woman whose intercultural novel by director Gurinder Chadha begins on the banks of the Seine I would include Gus Van Santa's humorous short film in this category. "Le Marais" one boy passes his heart to another boy who confesses to unexpected unexpected closeness asking for permission to call - never realizing that the object of his interest does not understand French. <br /> <br /> Some of the vignettes are sharp and even dark. In the film by Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas "Loin du 16ème" Catalina Sandino Mareno (a terrific Oscar debut for Mary, full of grace) is a single working-class mother who should work as a nanny in a rich area to pay for day care, where she throws her baby every morning before she goes to work. One of the most memorable and truly heartbreaking films is Oliver Schmitz's Place des Fêtes. Aissa Maiga and Seydou Boro became one of two young people for whom love could happen. It was a promise, but it was interrupted due to the hatred and intolerance that are everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. The other one that really came to me was Bastille, written and directed by Isabel Coixet, in roles: Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto fell out of love with his wife, Richardson, but when he is ready to leave with a beautiful mistress, terrible news comes from his wife's doctor ... <br /> <br /> I can continue to think about all 18 little gems. I really like some of them. Others felt weak and might be forgotten soon, but overall, I am very glad that I bought a DVD, and I know that I will be returning to my favorite films again and again. This is the “Place des Fêtes”, which I have already mentioned, “Père-Lachaise”, directed by Wes Craven, in which the ghost of one of the most witty and clever people of Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of “Sideways”) would have saved one restless attitude . Paine also led the "14th arrondissement," in which a lonely middle-aged worker from Denver, Colorado, independently explores the city, providing a voice in French with a strong accent. Payne's recording is one of the most touching, and with Joel and Ethan Cohen's cheerful Tuileries with (who else? :)) my absolute favorite, Steve Buscemi. In both shorts, American tourists sit on the benches (Margot in the park and Steve in the Paris subway after visiting the Louvre), watching the life around them with different results. While Margot can say: “I feel sad and light; My sadness is bright ... ”Steve's character will find that sometimes even the most complete and useful tourist guide will not help a tourist avoid wrong actions in a foreign country. ,
