I saw it tonight at a digital projection workshop (shot at 35 mm, and the first full-length film, fully scanned in 6k, processed in 4k and designed with a 2k projector at an ETC / USC cinema in Hwd) ... so much for technical things. 18 directors (including Alexander Paine, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Santa, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several good French / international directors) were each given 5 minutes to create a love story. They come in different forms, with famous actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... absolutely funny ..., Maggie Glilenhall, Nick Nolte, Gina Rowlands ... so good ... and she really wrote a play in which She was Mrs. Depardieu, as well as many good international actors.The stories range from romance to bizarre comedy, Alex Payne's touching exploration of a woman who reveals herself to Van Sant, and one of those things that happen anywhere ... maybe nothing special? if you speak french most Two episodes (with English subtitles) and with a small amount of spoken English, although this will probably move him to the houses of art (a la Diva.) Also only one part that can be considered “experimental”, but colorful and funny. , the remaining simple studies of sometimes complex relationships are easy to follow (unless the “experimental” one is annoyed by your desire for a formal story. Some people caused me some emotions ... I confess that I was influenced by love in the cinema .. When it is presented sen imentalnosti. I even laughed at the pantomime, like no one else I saw (thanks for that!). The film reached its peak, for me somewhere a little more than halfway, then the last two sequences rose again. Some beautiful shots of Paris at night, juicy romantic music usually used for good effect, and not just Schmalz for “emotions” in sound, as a rule, good cinematography, although some shots seemed to be a soft focus, although this could not be (the main character in frame / scene). The pacing of each film was good, and the overall structure, although a bit long (they missed two of the 20 films, but said that everything would be on DVD) apparently varied between the tones of the films in order to maintain a good balance, not sure when it will come out, but good research on how to make a 5-minute film work ... and sometimes that doesn't work (if it covers too much time, emotionally, for a short film.) There should be one in the region when it comes out, but they did not know when.
