I was lucky to attend the show in Stockholm for this elegantly expressed, enjoyable and thought-provoking film. Due to the fact that the romance is the heaviest weapon in his arsenal, Paris je t'aime bravely plunges into love in Paris, moving through various forms in eighteen separate “quarters”, but without imposing Parisiennes and saccharin formulas. Is his goldmine undoubtedly associated with the disappointment of directors Frustrated about just 5-10 minutes of screen time ?? thus, you are given only the best and most confident guidance from each side. <br /> <br /> Discussing whether I should revise all 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that this would be simply superfluous and wordy. Instead, just be sure that each director adorns the film with his eccentric styles and skills, and, of course, you will find your favorite one. Although Gus Van Sant cannot resist the temptation to be introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the best contributions, even Kurt Cobain sneaking in a well placed reference. The Coen brothers recreate one of the most accessible segments in Paris, a scene with a muffled, but emotionally transparent Steve Buscemi, unfazed humor and clever camera angles, which probably caused the biggest laugh in my theater, and perhaps this is correct. <br /> <br /> So all the storylines are exquisitely unique ?? filtered in the heads of different directors ?? but most of all it is different from the rest - Quarter de la Madeleine by Vincenzo Natalie, a dark, terrible gothic love in which Elijah Wood plays the main role as a lost tourist in the back of Paris at night who meets a vampire. With a black-and-white format, but a blood-red color contrast that seems to be bleeding inappropriately on the screen, does it almost become a fake Sin City ?? a refreshing creepy and visual twist on the film, otherwise pretty mundane. <br /> <br /> However, my only favorite segment was Tom Tykwer's FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS, but I think I was inclined to think so, considering that I went to the theater with him as my favorite and pushed my friend aside saying “finally, this is my favorite director here.” Nevertheless, it is impossible to deny that Tykwer delivers a wonderful segment in which a blind boy picks up the phone and hears from his girlfriend (Portman doesn’t annoy this time), that he breaks up with him, and he reflects on their relationship. Like the Tywker style, the story is breathtakingly fast-paced, kinetic and repetitive, screaming and running (Lola Rennt), making it the most exciting adrenaline segment in Paris je t'aime and perhaps also the most touching when Tywker begins to own his powerful tool ?? music. <br /> <br /> To fill in a negative score, it is obvious that not all directors are as touching as Tywer, Van Sant, Coens, Coixet and Depardieu. Sylvain Chomet cleans the bottom of the pile, cutting out a truly one-time segment in which a little boy tells the story of how his parents met. These are two single mimes. This piece is so French and desperately freaky that it offends international audiences. Suva also directs the poor and fluffy segment with the unusually exhausted Juliet Binoche, who mourns the loss of her son. Nothing more happens. Finally, the completion and interweaving of 18 stories, in the end, seem somewhat rushed and indecisive. <br /> <br /> Still, Paris je t'aime really spoils you with quality, because all other stories are good. -handled with a clear game and fun letter. This is undoubtedly one of the highlights of 2006 (I think not very much) and a very personal film in the sense that it is impossible to choose a loved one and least loved one. Strongly recommended for both "pretentious" (heh) audience. <br /> <br /> 8 of 10
