Although Cameron Grant was obviously hired instead of Andrew Blake in Ultimate Pictures when he founded his own company (Studio A), he practically surpassed The Wizard right out of the gate when it came to creating pair-sex scenes. Thus, while all Blake’s showcases were pioneers (stars in fetish lingerie and sunglasses, brushed and painted, as if they were going to hit the catwalk), were largely present and accounted for, Grant added his personal turn to carnal content. At the same time, he raised the heat to a level that has eluded Big A since its first ?? and imho better ?? NIGHT TRIP movie. Cam's first effort, ELEMENTS OF DESIRE, could still be hampered by Blake’s overly slavish adherence to aesthetics (with an abundance of girls on women’s touch), but his subsequent DINING PARTY already shows him at the head of his form in what should undoubtedly be considered his masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The title says that a group of good friends and acquaintances gather at dinner to exchange sex stories, with an extended orgy at the end. Stunning Julie Ashton and Tammy Parks spread the products around each other's immaculate physique in their kitchen sequence, which will surely delight those who have a taste for combining the pleasures of a palette with that of flesh. Busty Crystal Gold (here: “Catalina”) was rarely anything more than a reliable second stringer, adding spices to several night basements in Ona Zee, but it looked absolutely amazing in romantic playfulness with four posters with Fabio similar to Vince Voyeri. The lovely blondes Kylie Ireland and Yvonne, who were getting on with Mark Davies (for the record, the last two were the subject at the time) under the waterfall, complete the movie eye-to-face. <br /> <br /> Time for cooking! Early Jenna Jameson (“Daisy” then) foreshadows greatness when she drains Frank Towers (“Mark Slade” in his subsequent transition to the merry side of the industry) of all vital juices, although with a little help from brunette Diva for effective contrast, a stylish industrial environment the scene provides an atmospheric background for the genital inclination taking place. Jerry Pike, an incredibly hard-working construction worker, is trying to cool off on a sultry summer day, going down to the ground, a too tempting prospect that the stubborn business woman Asia Carrera (all the time very sickly pretty) could not refuse. The best of the show should be the imaginative sequence that has the nasty Norma Jean and beautiful Shaun Michaels teasing the pants from each other ?? for beginners ! ?? being separated by a glass partition right before a predictable unexpected conclusion. <br /> <br /> With sex that turns out to be either fanciful or hot, and most often both, Grant came up with real dark soup of meaty products to continue the film. Gastronomic analogy from the name. Couples may be the main target audience, but the alternation of the disobedient 'n' nice must rightly include the “something for everything” recipe that many adult features aspire to. Speaking as his own representative, the director shows great attention to detail, for example, a shot from the pristine white shoes of Asia Carrera, splashed with mud, enriching his eyesight. This makes him an outstanding director, and not just serviceable, as in the case of Nick Steele, who took his place in the Ultimate ?? Is it effective to make it a replacement replacement? ?? when he gathered for green pastures.
