Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I have to admit that I liked the films that are usually despised: "Quintet", if only because it gave me the pleasure to see the adult and beautiful Bridget Fossey, who was unforgettable, like a little girl in "Forbidden Games"; "HealtH", for having Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson in the same cast; "Popeye", for this magnificent and surrealistic world, Olive Oyl Shelley Duval and wonderful places in Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs, for a proposal to combat teenage click; "Beyond Therapy", despite all his recklessness and presence of Genevieve Paige, who for all her efforts to look at Parisian chic is perceived as a travel ... I even liked his one-act television films, such as "The Dumb Waiter and" Self-Laundry. When there is not much development in his films, you have great performances by Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I feel and enjoy a different approach and description that he does for many different cultures of the United States. his genius is rarely appreciated, and that he is always forgotten when the time comes to present American prizes and awards. He is not your typical primary supplier of fantasies. He is more an individualist. Therefore, it is not surprising that I found many bad comments published here about the "Gingerbread Man" , about his most "mainstream" efforts to date and, as far as I know, I did not know that there were so many people who thought, like Leonard Maltin, who doesn’t like Altman at all. In this case, someone might not like The Gingerbread Man, but for me the reason is more connected with Grisham than with the screenwriter director. Some of Altman's trademarks are here: improvised dialogue, excellent speeches, a funny lawyer's office with a typical disrespectful administrator and secretary. While some people find it boring, I found the first act exciting, thanks also for the great cinematography of Changwe Gu, the man who shot Red Sorghum, Joo Doe and Farewell, my concubine. He has a way to show us what we see in other American films, but in a different light. Through his “alien look,” almost everything seems new and different. In this first act, everything was so logical and truthful! Wait until you get older. You can get into trouble if you fall under the spell of someone younger and more beautiful, like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I did, fascinated by someone younger than me! Then you have the repulsive, menacing and mysterious character of Robert Duvall, while that storm Geraldo threatens Savannah. The second act gets a bit fake and even funny, because Altman may have spent it with a grin. I remember how several times I laughed out loud with his ironic remarks. I think he used a little Brecht, distanced us, prepared us for the third act, which is just a Hollywood fake. Altman does it with experience. Being a wise and intelligent director, he, fortunately, did not fall into the traps of modern militants. He led the story of lust, greed and death. I was not disappointed a bit with the film. If I give him nine instead of ten, it's because of Grisham. The American reader turned it into a bestseller. So why complain? Maybe we should thank Altman for showing us the stitches in his stories, the stupidity, the plane and the stupidity of them all. However, he does it with such pleasure and humor, that I cannot disagree with negative comments. For me, these people have seen another movie ... And vice versa.
