Robert Altman should not be filmed in such a film, but the fact that he did it, and that it turned out to be a rather good and tightly twisted thriller in that paperback - the tradition of Grisham's thrillers - demonstrates universality that deserves praise. In The Gingerbread Man, he really has to work with something to which, unfortunately, he does not always succeed, or at least this is not the first thing on his watch list as a director: conspiracy. There is one of those big, juicy, almost flush conspiracies, where a sloppy lawyer falls into the trap of a desperate lower-class woman, and then the vile figure with which a woman is connected, enters their lives in the most stunning ways, the plot and plot unfolds. Yada Yada And it is surprising that Altman would really like to take one of these “I saw it coming from there!” Endings, or just such a semi-traditional thriller. <br /> <br /> But this is a surprise that pays off, because, oddly enough, Altman is able to catch some of this very good behavior, or, rather, can unintentionally pull him out of a very good ensemble, from the Georgian environment of a small town . The film is saturated with atmosphere (if not full of excellent skill, sometimes it is good, and sometimes just decent for Altman), because Savannah may suffer from a strong hurricane, and the swamp, swamps and rain will retain moisture, stuffy and moist. Thus, the atmosphere is really powerful, but the performances of the (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Brana, Embeth Devitz as "women", with which the lawyer Brano catches up, and Robert Downey Jr. (when he is * not * good?) Act like the same as the work of Branon. Am I not neglecting Robert Duvall, who in just five minutes of screen time makes such an indelible impression in order to hang up the bad vibrations of a picture? <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, part of the plot is a little weak or just standard (lawyer in divorce, fierce fighting in custody, innocent and stupid children), but at the same time I think that Altman saw something fascinating in the material, something more gloomy than in some other works of Grisham, which somehow stand out. If it is not quite masterful, it still works on its limited conditions as something that happens, the next secret, Southern noir.
