Steven Spielberg wanted to win an Oscar so much that he decided that he would not win by sending an epic with special effects (he was nominated for three of them: “Close contacts of the third kind”, “Raiders of the lost ark” and “ET: alien”. Therefore he decided to become very serious by shooting Color Purple, a historical film without special effects. Spielberg's first serious drama is a wonderful film. But the Academy voters who voted in 1985 still did not show any respect to Spielberg. Violet has received 11 nominations on Osk p, including "The Best Picture", but Spielberg was unjustly offended when he was not nominated for "Best Director". One Oscar. It was completely closed. It was wrong. The "Purple" had to win a pair of "Oscars" including one for the spectacular debut of Whoopi Goldberg in the role of Selie, a woman who suffers from abusive treatment of her husband (badly placed by Danny Glover), then gets to get stronger throughout the film thanks to some special friends. Oprah Winfrey also made her debut in this film and superbly played Sophia, one of those friends Seli. Since I am from Chicago, I already knew Winfrey from her talk show (which at the time of the release of this film did not spread throughout the country). Like Goldberg, what a movie debut! Margaret Avery is awesome, like Shug Avery, another friend who also turns out to be Mistress of Mistress's rotten husband. All three actresses received well-deserved Oscar nominations for their work here (Goldberg for Best Actress; Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). Filmed in the south in the first half of the 20th century, "Purple" is such a strong film that at the end I made me cry. It also made me laugh sometimes. Why the voters of the Academy tried so hard not to nominate Spielberg for the position of Best Director - a mystery that still surprises me. But Spielberg would eventually win two Oscars over the years for Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan, which made him one of the best directors of all time. But he had to be nominated for this film. The work that he performed, leaving the blockbusters with special effects like "E.T." in serious drama, such as “Color Purple”, it was wonderful. <br /> <br /> ****
