In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most controversial directors of all time. But this is common knowledge; I think that his main problem is the set of genres, which he covers, at the same time, having failed to develop some particular style that could be called his author. Hitchcock liked his suspense and his horror / thriller; Chaplin loved his comedy; Scorsese loves his crime stories about the mafia, and Spielberg likes his large-scale, budgetary adventure films that combine enough violence for adults and fun for children. Other more obscure examples are Kubrick and Wells, who have talked too much to write about them here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is the type of guy who makes an erroneous film that revolves around a great idea, or a really nice movie that revolves around a seemingly boring premise. Falling Down had a great idea, but I found it incorrect and anti-climatic, since too many scenes seemed to rely on comedy. Batman superhero; Films about superheroes have recently become hits, so I did not manage to understand how he managed to make not one, but two terrible films about superheroes. Then comes 8 mm; the film with the main premise, which is impressively performed in front of Tigerland, and this is the best Schumacher film from what I have seen so far, in my opinion. In the military genre, laughter is not what you associate with it most of the time. I remember how I scoffed at the absurdity of the “D” landings during “Saving Private Ryan”: when I first saw the film, I didn't know the World War II bar very well, when it started and ended. My eyebrows were raised, my mouth was slightly open with a faint smile “I can't believe it” on my face. Needless to say, it was because of this film that I was looking for a bit more information about what the event was and about the war in general. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of war through Bozz (Farrell), a strong and selfish soldier preparing for the war in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But what's clever here is that wars with a jaw drop do not exist scenes of struggle, death and destruction; only one person and his battle with the system for most of the time. What he says, and the courage with which he faces his predicament, reminds us that the student has teachers in a very strict boarding school. Tigerland can borrow from Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is a training program for the Vietnam War, but I think that the ego and superego play a big role here. The superregions that are sergeants of the teachings go against Bozz, whose ego is extremely large. There is also the third part of the Freudian triangle, which penetrates into Bozza: the identifier. Compared to all other soldiers who have a rather large ego, Bozz is the only one brave enough to show it in front of the sergeants, thus assuming that he allows what he should not do, rise to the surface and express himself: You are all dead in this situation! barking sergeant. "Any questions?" “Yes, if I die, why can I ask a question?” Answers Bozzu, whose punishments, such as push-ups and dirty food, seem indifferent to the true style of the personality; that is, he receives punishment. <br /> <br /> With regard to the super-region, Bozz at some point tries to command a group of soldiers during field training. This is something that the existing team captain cannot do, so he assumes that he lacks both the superego needed for the job and the confidence to tell Bozz that he is in charge. This is followed by a real conversation between Bozz and the existing sergeant, who gives him his Christian name. This is where the character of Private Wilson (Wigam) comes in: his uncontrollable rage and anger at Bozz explode at a certain time, and all this ends with the only real scenes of the film - a shootout in the form of a training exercise on the river. Wilson cannot control his impulses and dislike for Bozzu and acts. <br /> <br /> What else I like about Thigerland is that he shoots in such a bold way. Although Tigerland lacks innovation, it seems he uses low-profile film or smaller cameras to show his appearance. Make no mistake that this could be a pretty movie with lots of color and appeal. But in the final part we get a documentary approach, thanks to which everything looks as if it was filmed on a regular everyday television camera; the focus on the manual holder is also obvious, but Schumacher is smart: he never allows the film to become too much like a mock-up, but at the same time suggests that the film’s budget could be half as much as it was. It is worth saying here that Spielberg said he wanted “Saving Private Ryan” to look like real footage from the drums or something like that, as if it were recorded from war scenes. <br /> <br /> Being very funny and interesting, Tigerland is still a big study of what makes people tick; not necessarily in war, but in the nearest possible replacement. His study of one person and how much he hates the system, which he does not even take seriously, is amazing, as is the drive of each soldier. There are several memorable scenes and situations, the culmination of which is a happy, if not unfortunate end, that will open your mind and make you think about what might really happen in the army.
