Will's and Ted's Bodacious Journey is an existential journey on the themes of mortality, religion, time, heaven and hell, man's desire for fame and his fear of the body, overcome by a soulless machine. This is the most intellectual piece of art since the “Lost Paradise”, which mentions many of the great works of art of the past - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, the guys are a famous rock band, traveling in time, collecting icons from the past - Napoleon, Joan of Arc (wife of Noah), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills gained from each of these people, kidnapped a couple of princesses, and finally learned how to play the guitar and write hits. These songs teach the world to love again, and war, hunger, evil are defeated for eternity. We are transported to a distant future, where an evil dictator who despises good music called Simon Coe-Al wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (the cool guy from the first movie that helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gets the opportunity to send two cyborgs back in time. Cyborgs are living tissue above a metal exoskeleton and are covered with a mimetic poly-alloy, which allows them to survive the turmoil of time travel, and they can imitate everything they try through physical contact. Their job is to Kill Good Biff and Fred and capture their life, creating awful music that no one liked. By doing this, they will forever change the world - the music of Grill and Jed will never be created, leaving the world of war, hunger and hatred, and, even more annoyingly, the pop music of the boy-girl group. There is a striking twist, because the good guys are actually being killed, and they have to find a way to save the world, themselves and their wives from the evil dopplegers who inhabit their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Sferheaded shows her knowledge of both youth culture and real culture, mixing modern music and phrases with postmodern sets and artistic references, and seeks to teach all of us something, delving into our psyche to show yourself She talks about the nightmares that a teenager of the 80s encountered in a society that threw them, and calls us to analyze post-structuralist uragoism, self-love and the indisposition of that time. Charge us with the belief that we can truly change the world, this is an inspirational message, but in order to achieve such dreams, we must overcome and really face our nightmares. To overcome is to succeed, to conquer Death is the first step in real life, and not just survival. According to Kenneth Reeves: “Wow!” The best scene: for a fun game - see how many songs, groups and albums contain links that can be found throughout the film. There are at least 6.
