Is this the first American film that successfully applied the naturalistic style that the Europeans used, especially the French and Belgians, for at least a decade, and not about time? Following three high school students in the area of ​​Brooklyn regional heights in the last days of their summer break between freshmen and second year students, she does what all good art has to do: she discovers the universal in the particular. Despite the fact that the cares of girls are outwardly ordinary - boys, gender, popularity, money, freedom and clothes - we see how their whole life, a universal interface between character and destiny is shaped. <br /> <br /> Naturalism is whole, full. The film breathes, remains at the moment, lives in real time. The story tells itself. The environment and its artifacts are not a message this time. The film is unshakable, truthfully conveys the children's perspective of its characters; it does not impose its own adult values ​​or morality. The details appear on their own, never put forward, and thus seem to be more and more real and powerful for their understatement. Although great efforts were made to embrace Crown Heights’s genuine social reality, parts of the largest black ghetto in New York and one of the most dangerous places of violence in the US, the subject is childhood in the ghetto, not the ghetto itself. <br /> <br /> Documentary footage from the training sessions of the marching orchestra of Jackie Robinson Steppers alternate the film with an explosion of color, movement and sound at regular intervals. Otherwise, the camera remains very close, very intimate, patient, sly and unobtrusive observer. The language is rich, elemental, acting transparent. Some scenes stand out, for example, girls hovering around, each of which reveals its deepest fantasies. Laniša’s recognition of her acceptance of death by accidental violence is the most shocking, one of the deepest scars in the ghetto. She shares with her mother her confusion and fear of the serious problems of adult life with the same touching and beautiful, without sentimentality. <br /> <br /> Social realities are respected, not promoted: all three girls are brought up alone. Mom, only one, Lanisha, has a father active in her life (and, not by chance, out of three she is the most emotionally stable and sensitive to others, and one that has the most respect for yourself). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disease disproportionately prevalent in the inner city. Shooting, common everyday life, just for a moment interrupts their conversation. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hope, feels that she is in control of the future, while the other two have already taken despair to varying degrees. <br /> <br /> This is by far the best dramatic American film I've seen in years. Look, look, look.
