“Our song” gives us the lives of three teenagers - Lanisha, Maria and Joyselin - the best girlfriends hanging at the end of the summer. The teenage summer — even if we don’t know the signals and landmarks of this particular locality, Crown Heights, Brooklyn — was the same for all of us. Lazy respite from school pressure and noise. Welcoming heat and idleness. <br /> <br /> But if this adolescent experience is universal, then the inner city of the 90s is a completely different place than many of us know — perhaps a foreign country like any other. Young bodies carve new silhouettes ... beckon new territory ... a maze to adulthood. The young mind comes to life, speaks for itself, saying that this is me, this is who I want to be. It always has been. But that's exactly what happens in Brooklyn in the late 90s. <br /> <br /> Jim McKay is the author / director of this film project, but he thanks everyone who shouted offers to him. The first title slide “Film” seems to list everyone in the universe. This is a gesture, but by the end of the film we know that it is genuine. [The final titles also have some of the most valuable and rewarding credits that I read.] The bright sound recording of Jan McLaughlin deserves special mention. McKay - a modest leader who knows who tells this story - these are his three graces Lanisha, Maria and Joiselin. They are real, their interactions have the fire of real friendship and the focus of reality. This is not a short music video telling about teenage life. This is the seriousness of a long, unblinking look. <br /> <br /> Communicating with them, we do not feel involved, but feel privilege to listen to them. These are real voices that speak openly about crises. and the dullness of everyday life. We are witnessing the modern mathematics of teenage life - how its problems are interpreted, calculated, summed and solved. Small scenes illustrate big thoughts everywhere. Lanisha hangs with his father in his security service - this is the only way to spend time with him. We see the love that exists between them, but also the failure of family and fatherhood. In the bound scene, Lanisha protects her father in front of her mom, and we see how desperately she needs to love them both and have them love her in return. Later, the three friends lay in the dark, sharing visions and dreams - and we remember how crazy / funny kids are and, what is more tragic, realism these days. And in the end, Maria, just walking down the street, is a story in itself. We see how she plucked up the courage to contain all her fears and doubts. It shows us the strength that is needed in order to gain the fragility that makes life fit for life. <br /> <br /> “The greatest gift of our song is that we really deeply feel the terribly ephemeral nature of friendship — how, once, alive and animating, this closeness may next time just turn around and sail away. It's terrible, but the way it is, isn't it?
