I remember those days when I kept my boyfriend's hat to feel his existence alone when I was 16 years old. The small moments of this film are so accurate and exactly correspond to what happens in the minds and hearts of young girls in adulthood. Now, at my age, I want to preach to them about their decisions and how life in those times is not as important as it seems in those moments. That if they can be patient in their youth and wait to experience life difficulties, both external and internal, then life will become much more pleasant. But again, young people today face some variables that I have never had to deal with young people. <br /> <br /> Three main characters, well played by all three actors (Kerry Wakington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joiselin and Melissa Martinez - Maria), give us a very plausible idea of ​​reality for young girls living in poor situations. They impoverished family life, which all were brought up by single mothers in anticipation of Lanisha, whose father is present, but does not actively support her day after day. They impoverished educational systems and they lack direct contact with the achievement of role models. These situations strongly influence them and are their reality, but all this does not cause major depression in these young women in everyday life. They are, with the exception of their plight and focused on what young girls around the world are doing. Find true love in a man, have good friends on whom you can depend, get some respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoy life. It was a film in which they crossed the race, age and gender gap imposed on him by his characters, and the setting in which he was printed. <br /> <br /> Director and writer McKay explains on a DVD how each scene hits his head, just by watching the young people of that age who lived in this type of neighborhood. In addition, you add three aspiring actresses who are not so far from that time in their own lives that you get a really good synergy of reality and act at your best. One thing I know about (African Americans and Latin Americans) is that there is always a spiritual family member or neighbor who is in front or close distance, believing in a better day, a better life and future, despite the current situation and role. . modeling it to some extent. It was never touched on in the film, not to preach, and I understand that, but it also narrows the culture, not to hope for anything but myself. <br /> <br /> THE FACTOR OF HOPE: Now I think about my future and where I come from, and say, like Lanisha: “Today is a good day.” Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexism and any other isism we can add. Yes, some of these actions of young girls perpetuate isms and are self-destructive, everything around them is impoverished, but none of these past or present actions, nor their entourage, leaves them without hope for a bright future. I was left with a sad hope for each of the heroes and a deeper desire to be a role model in the life of a young girl on the verge of making a destructive decision. I believe that this is the value of the film, which should not only entertain, but also make each of us think, reflect and then act positively to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
