“Someday we will walk in the rays of the beautiful sun. Someday, when the world becomes much brighter ”- 5 flights of stairs“ Oh, child ”<br /> <br /> In films about black teenagers it is usually told about the city. gangs selling drugs or committing violence, to the soundtrack to hip-hop. It’s hard to find films about the everyday problems of ordinary teenagers in the city center, but there is another unexplored gem that I would like to recommend. Our Jim McKay song is about three girls in the Crown Heights section in Brooklyn, who learn that their high school will be closed for asbestos removal, and must decide on their future direction, which may include different paths. The story is told from the point of view of a 15-year-old teenager, and not an adult, recalling the past, as in most films of majority. Avoiding mandatory street slang and excessive use of F-words, he creates an honest and loving portrait of three friends at the crossroads of their lives. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joyselin (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their second year at a local high school. They are active members of the Jackie Robinson Steppers, a real marching group whose rehearsals for the Labor Day parade provide discipline and a purpose for their lives. <br /> <br /> Similar to David Gordon Green’s George Washington film, but less stylized, the film shows non-professional black and Latin American actors, including Kerry Washington. While the performances have some amateur moments, I was so carried away by the story that I forgot that the girls even played. Maria, whose father is in prison, found out that she was pregnant by a local student, Terrell. She wants to give birth to a child, despite the fact that she is only 15 years old, and knows that Terrell probably will not be of particular help. Joyselin works in a prestigious clothing store, but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very poignant scene in her bedroom, she pretends to be talking to her fans, then goes to bed to read one of her poems. At the beginning, she is close to Lanisha and Maria, but leaves to make friends outside the area. None of the girls gets much support at home, and Maria is too afraid to even tell the mother about her child. However, single mothers are not typical movie makers or alcoholics. These are warm and loving parents whose time with children is limited due to the need to support a family. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced, but she can visit her father, the doorman in a luxurious apartment building and talk about music. Her mother consoles when Lanisha learns that a friend in the neighborhood committed suicide, a somewhat melodramatic plot in another realistic film. As the summer comes to an end, the girls diverge, and each of them chooses her own path. However, there are no big dramatic moments, only a sad admission of the inevitability of change. Although we have no chance of frustration about the frustrations that can be expected, we identify with their hopes and dreams, not stopping at the negative. Our song is an emotionally rich film about growing up in projects that refuses to see life in any conditions, except possibility.
