When you start watching this animated masterpiece, you quickly notice that this is a European production. Although the Europeans (unfortunately) have integrated some of the clichés that you usually find in American manufacturing of this kind, most of them are missing. One of them is that there is a great evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can defeat. The other is that one of the group members is only engaged in money, greedy, runs away when the heat rises, but somehow gives way to his best nature. This film would be better without both. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a series filmed four years before the film’s release. Unlike a movie, a TV series is a cartoon, not a computer animation. At first, I thought that the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot, but I was quickly convinced: the one who did the animation knew his stuff! Although the characters are obviously fictional (in the frames they don’t even look real), they seem just as lively and reasonable as the viewers following their quest. Creating characters that by “normal” standards can be considered deformed (these micro-legs can never carry this gigantic body, let alone make it jump), to be alive and attractive - this is more than “just highlight"! The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much because of their appearance, but because of ingenuity. The world in which our heroes travel is not as strong as ours, but consists of many pieces of earth of various shapes and sizes that seem to float in the air. When a person steps on a smaller piece of earth, he nods slightly, as if stretched by weight. In some cases, ups and downs no longer apply, but our heroes still manage to gain a foothold somewhere. Although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, in this film it is absolutely believable, and after a short time it does not seem more strange than a collision with a car somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote that the views of the world are not as exciting as the idea. However true this may be, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention to detail are astounding. Although characters' faces have relatively few attributes, emotions can be read as clearly as on the face of Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is amazingly colorful, and there are not two identical settings. The background is always in motion, something always happens that makes the world seem even more alive. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you will be surprised how many details you can find. <br /> <br /> The existence of Hector actually puts the cherry in the first place. Hector is a furry little “thing” (perhaps the equivalent of a dog in our world), which is very attractive and very funny. Although it is not very important for the main plot, it will be bored as Skrata in the Ice Age. The best thing about Hector is that you need to speak Gibberish in order to understand it. <br /> <br /> If the film is so wonderful, why did I not give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was pretty thin. Two hunters sent to save the world from a really bad dragon, who wants to swallow the world, is not really original. That alone will not be a big problem. What I missed was reference information. What was this dragon and why does he look like that? I love mythic stories, but if they get too thin, then it seems they were written after the film was finished, in a weak attempt to give it all some depth. <br /> <br /> Another thing I didn’t like was Zoe, Although such a little girl can be considered charming, she was a little painful in this film. She seemed rather resistant to all kinds of reality studies, dreamed of some kind of character from a story book and basically slowed others down. She would be fine if she developed a little more and a little earlier in the film - or from the very beginning was less girlish. For me, the thought of this girl who was there to pervert the story turned a little for the writers. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a really good movie for all ages.
