My first impression would be that this is only Beowulf with all the successful battles in the battle with Grendel and intact dragons, which makes it an exciting journey from start to finish. Written by Frederick Lanoir and Arthur Kwak, they created a fantastic landscape, which itself becomes a character in their history, and its ever-changing environment consists of small spheres of the globe that can be either wastelands or globes. greenery. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, it talks about the land that is shrinking, waiting for the undesirable visit of a powerful dragon to plunder and destroy, and the resident knights are almost destroyed. Enter the granddaughter of King Zoe (Marie Drion), who gathers Lien-Chu (Vincent Lyndon), a huge cattle with great strength, but a truly gentle giant, and his partner Guizdo (Patrick Timsit), who balances the partnership with his cunning brain. Lian-Chu and Guizdo (together with their pets, who too proudly spew out nascent fires) share a common dream of owning agricultural land and holding idyllic days, caring for their farm animals in retirement, but this requires the requirement to be financially free, hence their career in the destruction of monsters, which does not quite pay off. <br /> <br /> This is the whole point, but what makes this movie spectacular is its CG-graphics, which is firmly grounded. rich, detailed and mind-blowing miracle to contemplate. He has several wonderfully created game pieces that have been carefully designed to draw you into the thick of things, and there is no boring moment during these battle episodes. The photorealistic moments of non-existent landscapes make you move away from the fantasy of pretense, and you can easily be in awe of the landscape, which goes beyond the usual three suns and a kaleidoscope of flying tajamadzhikov (here you have George!) brick bits will find some error in the inviolability of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I think this film has opened my eyes to the fact that there are far more computer animation companies around the world whose product quality corresponds to Pixar quality. And this is definitely a film from which local filmmakers of the Zodiac: “The race begins” and “The Legend of the Sea” can learn from? make the story truly simple and let your moving pictures make all the talk. Definitely highly recommended!
