At first, I would think that Secret Sunshine can say something critical about religion (and here is Christianity), and wondered if it would be something like ranting against the diseases of blind faith or the manipulative power of those who are supposedly holier than you. Surprisingly, it was nothing of the kind, and on the whole it was unbiased, because in fact it represented events and allowed the audience to make its own judgments and conclusions. <br /> <br /> And I can't help but laugh at the role of Song Kan-ho, the man who fell in love with the widower Xing-e (Jeong Do-Yong) and starts going to church when she does it. I believe that there are many reasons for coming to church: either to find inner peace, or to seek help, to fear eternal damnation in the fires of hell, to confirm faith, or even such things as wanting to marry in church or chase skirt (I'm not joking). But for each of them, their own reasons for coming to church every Sunday and participating in prayer groups for fellowship, which is really dangerous is when ulterior motives are not satisfied, and then frustration arises. Or when you learn how a hypocrite can be a person who portrays one person in the house of God and depicts another outside. <br /> <br /> Sinya and her son Joon move to the town of Mirjang, where her late husband was born. Wishing to start a new life, she opens the piano shop to teach lessons, although when she discovers her new found freedom and lack of common sense, another tragedy happens. And it will take one hour to get to. Secret Sunshine really took time to get to this point, when things began to get a little more interesting, because Shin-ae is now adopting religion to cope with it and accept its current state, enjoying the comfort of this religion and co-religionists, I can offer. <br /> <br /> What began with a cry for empathy turns into acceptance and the belief that religion offers this silver bullet to deal with the diseases of all mankind, and sometimes you wonder if this is not your a personal short-sighted glance at what the almighty does for you, that you begin to accept the somewhat selfish view that everything goes on as usual, and in the case of Sine, her generous attitude to the fact that he wants to forgive those who violated her, forgetting that something very fundamental that this feeling can cut off both ugoe. <br /> <br /> The last act is probably the funniest of all, because it says a lot, where most of us can identify ourselves - why me, why not someone else, how angry we are against our faith and start asking questions, unfortunately, without complicated and quick answers. Then we either fall by the wayside, or so rebelliously continue the destructive actions. But somehow the stub in Secret Sunshine is carefully tightened so as not to offend, but that which could be an ugly character’s mouthpiece is muffled. <br /> <br /> If you fall into the hype that this film creates, you may realize that only the excellent image of Jong Dong is worth mentioning, since she fully owns her role as widow of Sinai, which is perhaps the most an unlucky man on Earth who has to deal with so many tragedies in a short period of time. and if you look at it carefully, most of which are of her own business. Watching her transformation costs the price of a ticket, and despite the fact that my favorite Korean actor, Son Kang-ho, is in the film, this is what he just survived.
