The most interesting thing about the laity (Secret Sunshine) are the actors. Jeon Do-Yong, like the main character Li Xing-e, is a woman with a young son, whose husband died in a tragic accident, and who leaves Seoul to live in the Layman, who was his hometown, with his young son, Face John is very changeable. She is girlish, flirtatious, elegant, elderly and sad, desperate and joyful, with her and terribly isolated in turn, and all this on her face. The film also starred Song Kang Ho in the role of Kim, the man who meets her when her car breaks down, arrives in Miryang, who runs a garage in the city, and who follows her all the time after that, despite her apparent lack of interest in his attention. The song is the biggest star in Korea right now, known for his work with Pak Chan-Vuk and Bong Jun-ho (Sympathy for the Avenger; Memories of the Killing and the Master). And yet here he plays an unambiguous character, an almost forgotten person. But, of course, it makes it interesting and curious. He is the necessary ballast to prevent the character John from flying away. <br /> <br /> Lee Sin-e is a piano teacher. She comes to the new city, which is a neutral place, a kind of Seoul for the poor, a city “just like everywhere,” as Kim says (just like him, like everyone else). Her little boy is cheerful, like little boys, but sometimes obviously damaged and enclosed. His father used to snore, and when he misses him, he does not sleep, pretending to snore. He goes to school and Sheena meets parents, students and shop owners. The film has a sense of place, although in some sense this place is “anywhere.” People speak the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and the origin of Xing in Seoul is immediately noticed. Is life really harder here, away from the big city and its sophistication? Sinai does not seem to be aware of the danger in which she is. <br /> <br /> Something terrible is happening. And Shin-ae doesn't necessarily deal with this the best way. But this is happening, and it must face the consequences. But she can't. She falls apart. The culprit is caught, but it is not a consolation. In the end, she falls into despair, she relents and goes to a revived Christian meeting, to which her acquaintance invites her. She finds peace and liberation with this. But when she decides not only to forgive the criminal, but also to go to prison to tell him about it, this experience is full of irony and destroys her again and again. She becomes embittered and desperate, and she no longer finds solace in religion. And it gets worse. <br /> <br /> Jong Do-Yong gives her everything in this extremely demanding and Protestant role. Lee Chan Dong can be a very good director. If the status actor Song Kang-ho expresses great admiration for him, this is convincing. According to Scott Fundas from LA Weekly, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002), marked him as "one of the leading figures in his country's recent cinematic revival." But this is not such a successful film as that of other Korean directors whose work I have seen, such as Yong Sang Soo, Bong Joon Ho and surprisingly, almost perversely gifted Pak Chan Wook. This can really begin, as Fundas says, as a kind of “Asian Alice no longer lives here,” and then “suddenly and without warning” turns into something like a thriller, and after a while, an almost Bressonian study of human suffering. “But this progression not only seems random and indigestible; the film sags and loses power by the end and then just loses consciousness without feeling the end. There are also flaws in action. Shin-ae makes stupid chances with her son and makes bad choices all the time If she is doomed to madness, like Jean-Jacques Benix's Betty in Betty Blue, which can explain her strange and erroneous choice, this is not something that has been properly developed.This is an interesting film, of course, disturbing, but one dubious and unsatisfied, after, to to what he went through an emotional fight <br /> <br /> The official selection of the New York Film Festival, presented at Lincoln Center, 2007 -. an event that Korean filmmakers did the right thing in the recent past.
