Corean Cinema can be pretty awesome to western audiences due to the multitude of tones and genres you can find in the same movie. In Korin's drama, such as The Secret Sunshine, you will also find several comic parts, thriller scenes and romantic times. “In life there is not only tragedy, but also a tragic comedy,” says a character in one of the episodes of the film, who is interpreted by Son Kan-ho, summing up the picture. But do not get me wrong, this heterogeneity of genres with which the film deals, adds truth to the experience that this rich film offers to its viewers. This does not mean that he lacks unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see such a dense and deep portrait of a woman suffering from pain. <br /> <br /> The bruise that seeks a quiet life with her son in her late husband’s hometown is, indeed, thanks to all the different sufferings through which she passes, the unity in this film. His realistic part is erased by psychological descriptions of all the stages through which the poor mother passes. Denial, loss, anger, faith, excitement of reality: the film skips all the stages through which the character passes, and looks like a psychological catalog of all the suffering that a woman can experience. <br /> <br /> The only thing that is to accept what may look like a conceptual experience (a woman wears a mask of tragedy, a man presents a comic interlude), and allow the film’s intentions to touch you. I have to say that some parts of the film really excited me (especially at the beginning), especially those related to Chan Joan’s inability to truly help the one he loves, but also the fact that the accumulated suffering emotionally tired me to the end. Nevertheless, some cinematic ideas are really breathtaking and surprising (for example, the scene where the body shows up in a large frame is amazing). This kind of scenes transform Secret Sunshine into the chalk equivalent of Master for horror films or Memories of Murder for thrillers. These films are truly amazing, most original, aesthetically incredible and able to give a new dimension to the genres with which they deal. The only thing that “Secret Sunshine” forgets, since “The Leader” forgot to be scary, is to make the audience cry: a bad moment for a melodrama, but a good moment for a good movie.
