Secret Sunshine marks the return of director Lee Chandong to the world of filmmaking after a long absence. Having three critically acclaimed films already under his belt, he is recruiting veterans, veterans John Dohon and her significant (victory in Cannes) talent for the lead role of Lee Sinae. Then follows a journey through the tragedy of one woman and the study of her survival mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that becomes apparent when viewing the Secret Sunshine is that it’s not really important to follow any particular genre, but rather choose features of the genre when you need to convey what is trying to convey. The story itself follows Li Sinai when she and her son move to the city of Milian (whose Korean means “Secret Sunshine”). She moves to Miljan after the death of her husband, since this was his hometown, so the film was born a tragedy. And you think things can get better when she opens up the piano shop and comes across the awkward mechanic of the nice guy Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> As we (and Chonchan stubbornly) follow Sinai, when she meets Miljana and the fate he prepares for her, the cracks in her armor quickly become apparent. She is a worried woman trying to use her strength to overcome a tragedy, and we observe how she discovers that this is not enough. The Secret Sunshine still manages to follow Aristotle’s basically dramatic arc, but retreats from catharsis, which may confuse some viewers, especially the finale, but the innovative symbolism present in the name of Miljan, the discussions about sunlight and the images used in the film left me very well pleased as soon as I started thinking about the movie. <br /> <br /> Ms. Jong is impressive in everything, especially considering that if the role was not played so well, she would quickly turn into a rather painful melodrama, but she caught the nuances of Sinai’s attempts to cope with her losses from a layer of subtlety. Mr. Song plays a much smaller role in this film than other films, but he plays with dignity, respectively, giving Mrs. Jeong a stage. Technically, the film is made in the classic sense. It does not use bright aesthetics - the director is clearly trying to tell a story. I think that my only real complaint that cannot be corrected is that, despite all the time we spend with Sinai, there is a small distance between Sina and the audience (or at least me). I think this is partly due to the nature of the work, because if complete sympathy were shown, we would not be able to objectively see the problems Sinai faces. On the other hand, I never felt touched by Sin’s plight, despite her many tears and increasingly unstable behavior. <br /> <br /> Still, the film still looks very impressive, especially in that it made me think about it, the further meanings that are present in him and his thoughts about tragedy, overcoming difficulties, self-deception, isolation and faith, stuck in me after the credits ran out. Moving due to high performance, I honestly did not notice his 2.25-hour work. And it says something. Well done. 8/10.
