Secret Sunshine (2007) is known for his awards at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and other film festivals. Chon-do Yon, who played the recently widowed Sin-e, won the prize of the best actress at the 60th Cannes Film Festival. Secret Sunshine was also the winner of the best feature film, and Jeon-Do Yeon received the best actress for the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, this film won the best film awards at almost all Korean film festivals. The secret light, masterfully written, uncut and uniquely photographed, expressed hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful because of the ongoing tragedy. This film also spoke about the forgiveness of God and people. Lee Chang Dong, the director and screenwriter of this film, said in an interview: “In a broad sense, I wanted to express what love is, and this film could be a melodrama in a sense. Without love, we cannot talk about hope. and salvation ". Lee admitted that Secret Sunshine does not have an obvious genre. This film is not a film about religion, but attracted the attention of many Christians in Korea, because the film had many Christian elements. <br /> <br /> A turning point in Secret Sunshine comes when June, Xin-Son Hey, is kidnapped and killed. The thief asks for money because she assumes that since she can buy land, she must be rich. Her lies cause a lot of sadness. <br /> <br /> Blue becomes a parishioner and wants to forgive the murderer. She decides to visit her son's killer in prison and grow it. Jong-chan, Shine's friend, says, "Just forgive in your heart. Do you need to go to jail?" Her church colleagues are rooting for her and saying they will pray for her. Her pastor agrees that she wants This is a sad moment because it is too early for her to act. The result of her meeting with the murderer is another turning point in Sinah’s life. The killer with a peaceful smile says that God has already forgiven him. She says: “How could you forgive this person before I forgive?” <br /> <br /> She begins to fight God. She looks to the sky and declares: "I will not lose to You." She becomes a trap, her heart is a trap, and her hands are chained. It is more bitter than death. She is becoming crazier and crazier and goes to a mental hospital. On the day when Sheena is discharged from the hospital, she goes to a beauty salon and sees a familiar face. The daughter of a son's killer works in a store and cuts hair. The killer’s daughter helped kidnap Sinah’s son. While she cuts Shine's hair, the main character cannot understand what is happening and quickly leaves the store. <br /> <br /> It’s hard not to talk about Jong-chan in a film. Chung Chan does his best to be close to Xing. Although Shin-ae does not care about him at all, he is always with her. Shin-hey quickly leaves the church, but Jong-chan, who began to attend church because of Shin-ei, remains there because he feels peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of Secret Sunshine, says that Jong-chan is like Milian (secret sun), a rural city, or vice versa. He seems to be “too secular and frivolous, but he is always two steps behind her and takes care of her. Milyang is like him. ” Mr. Lee adds: “Someone joked that Jong-chan could be an angel. I think he could be an angel. Who knows? We cannot say for sure that there is no angel. ” If there is such a person as Chan Chan, who always accompanies the turns of his lover, we can protect ourselves from the depressed. Shin-ae life is full of meaninglessness. Her husband died after he cheated on her, and her only son was brutally murdered by a murderer after she moved to her husband's hometown. And her soul was hurt because she had misunderstood Christianity — and that literally drives her crazy. It's too easy to say that her life is filled with meaninglessness. Does she still have hope in her life? Can she find meaning in her life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-e herself is trying to get a haircut: we ourselves are on the path of our life. However, she understands that this is difficult to do on her own, and we know that we cannot do everything ourselves. We see Chon-chan holding a mirror while she is cutting her hair. This is her hope. Jong-chan is next to her, and he is ready to help her in any situation. As I mentioned earlier, Jong Chan is like an angel to her. If we feel that the angel is always near and behind us, we can find joy in life, even though we face difficulties in our life. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci Code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us discuss early church history, Secret Sunshine encourages us to deal with the clutter of life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a superficial interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this film will help us see below the surface. Some people say that they stopped attending church services after they watched “Secret Sunshine,” and Lee Chang-dong replied: “They were already anti-christ before they watched this film. The secret sunlight is the story of a woman’s life, which we can interpret our life through the life of Shin-ae.
