Lee Chang-dong's exceptional "Secret Sunshine" is the most emotionally destructive experience of the year. This is an instantly sobering, brutally honest characteristic material about the reverberation of loss and the elegant memory of death, which resonates with an amazing density of thinking, but remains as incomprehensible as the emotions that it observes. Thanks to his multi-layered naturalism and a stunningly piercing look at the dynamics of small cities, Li implicitly deconstructs traditional Korean melodrama, dismantling the cinematography of excesses and tearing it apart into arcs that form its characters, and turns the process into a crushing gulp of stoic realism. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine remains extremely convincing, smooth work throughout the 142-minute work time. His first hour of bravura is filled to the brim with subtextual insinuations, remarkable omens and dexterous changes in tone caused by a humanistic whim. Adapted from a short story, Lee infuses the film with its sensitivity to the sublime paradoxes of life, which was last seen in his transgressively comic and disrespectful Oasis. Understanding how personal revolutions are accomplished, when attitudes to our universe change, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of the widow’s grief through an inquisitive sphere, but also feels the turbulent existential streams that underlie the film when religion becomes a narrative scapegoat in understanding the disgusting human experience . <br /> <br /> Best Actress Do-yeon Jeon ("You My My Sunshine") won recognition in Cannes in 2007 and deservedly so. Her performance as the widow of Shin-ae remains a never-ending enigma. As a character separated by forces beyond her control, the absolute magnificence of this performance is central to the turbulent nature of the film. With John writing one cyclonic shock after another, there is a terrible feeling of collapse that the film, to its credit, never comes close. Instead, he finds a delicate balance that undermines the charged theatricality and the subsequent banality from ordinary tragedies and their consequences. It becomes the center of the universe of the film, as well as ours. Filmed in a magnificent CinemaScope manual, the film destroys the cinematography of frames and compositions, becoming visually sharp, just as it is quietly painful when the camera never takes your eyes off Sinay in times of happiness, guilt and repentance. <Br /> <br /> Li captures the details of life in the small suspicious town of Miryang ?? the awkwardness of communal situations, its awkward silence and desolation stem from personal dramas. Shin-e interaction with citizens rarely brings dividends, especially when they are simply made due to the obligation to adapt for the sake of her son Joon (Seon Jung-yp). One recurring encounter is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor with uncertain intentions, who helps her on her way to Miriang in an exciting open film sequence, which fascinates the flow of sunlight. Song positions himself as a comedic antihero in South Korea’s biggest films, but his nuanced, restrained work here implies the director’s thought process that he will never have to show more than is necessary. <br /> <br /> If pain is ephemeral, then grief cannot truly dissipate. And Lee finds difficulty in sustenance. When Shin-e tries to follow the path of reconciliation in order to once again encounter an unimaginable broken heart, she unsuccessfully uses the communication of evangelical Christianity as a foil for her grief. But Lee knows better than when he realizes that religion, in the context of the human fabric of strife and suffering, is never a simple solution. But Lee never reproaches the essence of religion, because he realizes the value of salvation for some through a higher power, even if it serves as a form of denial in others. The scenes in his second half that deal with religion do not allow themselves to become aggressively dismissive, which in itself is a feat, considering how many filmmakers allow material impulses to get ahead of what they have to say in order to be truthful to its history and characters <br /> <br /> Lee’s first film after his inauguration as Minister of Culture and Tourism of his country is an uncompromising thesis on human suffering. In a film that is so ingenious and genuine, it is difficult to prove that nothing is simpler than emotional catharsis, only suppression and weakening of agony. The “Secret Radiance” leaves us with tender mercies torn out of gloom, and indicates a deep understanding of despair and faith.
