I was not going to write this review, but after reading the default review, which is displayed in the URL of this movie, I felt the need to write a rebuttal. The film is excellent in one word. It does not deserve a slanderous review written by a writer. I think the author completely missed the point of the film to a great extent. In fact, I, too, was turned off by the excessive display of the prayers of the evangelists, who largely occupied the middle of the film. However, I must ask to disagree with the reviewer that this film, after all, is not propaganda material for the actions of an evangelist. I think that the director showed that religion is not enough to find all the answers, as religion is largely unable to give answers to the basic simple questions that can be asked, and everything that religion can offer, sometimes just banal platitudes of another kind. This does not demonstrate a value judgment about religion, since we must remember that religion is transmuted and expressed by ordinary, mostly well-meaning, mostly good people, and they usually do not have a monopoly on truth, and therefore definitive answers to some questions in life. Ultimately, it is a matter of faith. You must take it on faith, and that is all. And if faith is given to you, then you can appreciate any manifestation of faith. And if you are not given faith, then any manifestation of faith is tiresome. Thus, at the same time, it is instructive to note the reaction of the reviewer to the film. In any case, the director shows us that it is possible to choose not to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions, and, despite the fact that life goes on, and in this world there is a "secret sun" that awaits all the wounded, regardless of their religious orientation. And this is just the main idea of ​​the movie! Pay attention to the last scene of the movie, if you do not get it! In the end, the film is great and makes you wonder and puts before you - the audience questions that you yourself must answer. Thus, it is a work of art that challenges you personally. I agree with the reviewer that evangelical things were too complicated. However, given the above interpretation of religion, as shown in the film, I think the director tried to balance the action, as a result of which he could not be called an evangelist ?? gouging! Actor Kang Ho Song was great as ever. He is so balanced and just perfect, just awesome. He is my favorite Korean actor, no doubt. I know that actress Dawn Chong won the Cannes Prize for Best Actress in this film. However, I did not find any specialty in her game. It seems that to get a reward, you just have to act very convincingly in crying and hysterical scenes and so on ?? In general, a great movie. If you do not like it ?? please watch it again and see if you get it! If this leaves you unhappy, uncomfortable or asking questions, think: if it weren’t what the director in this film really wanted!
