Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest pieces of any major director: he began making art house films in his native Netherlands, and then moved to Hollywood, where he began making subversive genre plays, which are often regarded as ordinary entertainment for the mainstream. The “Fourth Man” of 1983 was the last film he shot before moving to the United States, and it looks like it was a transition film. <br /> <br /> From the very beginning of the “Fourth Man,” it is clear that the film will be seen. from the point of view of the famous, though impoverished, author Gerard. In the seeming worship of the 1949 film Carol Reed with the same name “The Third Man,” the film begins with the author making a trip to talk with a crowd of literature lovers. However, this is where the similarities end, since Gerard does not have any serious complications before arriving at the hall, and the speech itself runs rather smoothly. Despite the relative ease with which he performs this function, we know that the author is somewhat concerned because he has realistic fantasies about killing his roommate before leaving his house, and he also has a surreal fantasy about the hotel. , which he sees advertised, and a severed eyeball grows out of the peephole. The fact that he sometimes has problems with the separation of his fantasies from reality becomes even more obvious when the anecdote told by him becomes false, and he admits that he “lies the truth until he finds out that he has done something or did not. " can not be. "<br /> <br /> The fourth person is full of surrealistic fantasies and dreams that become even more disturbing because it’s very easy to see how they relate to the events that we saw, and because they sometimes foreshadow events that don’t It happened again. Between the effectiveness of unrealistic episodes and the careful editing style of Verhoeven, this turns out to be the most atmospheric film on this side of “Don't Watch Now,” and, like this film, this film is full of ambiguity. Unlike this film, the Fourth Man is also amusing because Gerard’s deeply rooted Catholic beliefs penetrate all aspects of his life, including sexuality, he naturally associates a female stylist whom he knows well with biblical Delilah, although he is afraid that she will remove an even more important symbol of masculinity with his scissors. a fantasy sequence that would make Louis Buñuel blush, he replaces the man he attracts with a life-sized statue of Christ on the cross. <br /> <br /> “The Fourth Man” is a horror film that manages to attract the viewer. into the head of the protagonist, still retaining some ambiguity: of course, it seems that Gerard is in danger, but this may just be his "lie of truth." The film is also full of subtle and not very fine visual symbolism, which helps to make it a unique and satisfactory cinematic experience.
