Watching DE VIERDE MAN (aka FOURTH PERSON) is a slightly disturbing and rather fascinating experience. This is a very tense and tense psychological mystery / thriller from the Dutch Paul Verhoeven. He made this film shortly before he received the big “free ticket to Hollywood” - the film “FLESH + BLOOD”. In many user comments on this site, I noticed a mention of Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this film may well be Hitchcock, but I also noticed some of the touches of early Cronenberg (visceral), David Lynch's scents (surreal visual effects associated with the plot), and even Roman Polanski (plot setting). The funny thing is that the films of those directors that I thought while watching DE VIERDE MAN were only made after 1983, the year of release of THE FOURTH MAN. So understand. <br /> <br /> It is very important to pay tribute to the history of the original Gerard Reeve novel on which this film is based. Gerard Reeve is also the fictitious name of the main character (the exhausted writer played by Jeroen Krabbe, balancing on the dangerous line of severe psychosis). Has anyone stopped and thought that the word “rêve” in French means “to dream”? And in the film there are many dreams / nightmarish episodes, often such that you don’t always know for sure whether Gerard is awake or sees himself in a dream. Could this be a coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I don't think so. René Soutendijk is quite amazing as a leading lady (in a rather demanding role). Sometimes it seems that she is to blame for excessive actions (in a subtle way). But this aspect was clearly deliberate, to portray the character she plays, since with the development of this film you do not know what to really think about this lady and her intentions. Proves once again what a wonderful actress she is. I might add that the film also has several scenes depicting full frontal male and female nudity, as well as some fairly explicit sex scenes (and you will even notice that some of the scenes and aspects were clearly scene plans that would later be filmed for Verhoeven). THE BASIC INSTINCT). <br /> <br /> Another aspect of this film is a lot of symbolism and biblical references / images that supposedly made the film completely hated by some conservative / catholic movements during its European release. In any case, it makes the film worth watching again. Now someone recently told me that he had serious concerns about DE VIERDE MAN. One of them is that the film is supposedly maneuvering in a position in which it needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to decide itself. I myself have a big problem with the way Catholicism was and is still sometimes depicted in many films of any genre (not only with regard to horror films on a religious theme). But, surprisingly, I had no fear when it came to the FOURTH PERSON. Although the aspect of the Virgin Mary in the story really made me scratch my head at some point, I also enjoyed it. I think the key word as to why this didn’t bother me at all is “duality”. Because this film works on two levels. Although “divine intervention” could resolve the storyline from the perspective of the main character ... on the other hand: the film implies that all of this could have been a delusional delirium of a delirious madman. And this is the most interesting: you never know for sure. And then the question arises: is it possible that Gerard Reeve somehow got distorted visions of upcoming events ... how will he receive? At some point in the film, Gerard even tries to deceive Christine, believing that he is clairvoyant. The way he plays Christina in this particular scene is simply amazing. <br /> <br /> With its convincing history, convincing acting and adequate direction, DE VIERDE MAN is really recommended for watching (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror film). But make sure you see the original Dutch version (not duplicated).
