I don’t know if I consider it a masterpiece, but it’s damn close; it is extremely well done, artistically, intensely, intricately prepared, thematically stimulating and full of grim omens and sexually-religious images. There is also excellent camera work from Jan de Bont, an atmospheric score from Loek Dikker and an outstanding acting game from Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter of which gives one of the meanest, thinest “fatal women” I have ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has a shameless, non-judgmental attitude towards sex, nudity, and the complexities of sexuality and has no doubt that all this can be mixed with religious and / or surrealistic (some would say blasphemous) images. In other words, if you cannot bear the thought that a homosexual, driven by lust, sees the object of his carnal desire when Jesus is crucified on the cross before the two go to him in the crypt at the cemetery, then this may not be the case. movie for you What surprised me the most was how this strange film managed to completely avoid the pretentious confusion. He mixes abstract / surreal / parallel scenes of fantasy reality and somehow makes it all work. As with any good mystery, you can see the pieces slowly falling into place as the movie progresses. There is no permission outside the field. The film has a direction, there is no unnecessary filler, and as soon as it ends, you begin to understand the purpose of something that could confuse you earlier. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I almost guarantee that you will enjoy this film. Gosh, if you don't know who they are, you might like it anyway. <br /> <br /> I don’t intend to spoil the plot in too much detail, but the introductory video of the film - through the net as a spider catches its prey - sets the scene when Krabbe, as unshaven, self-satisfied, bisexual writer Gerard Reeve whose romance is based on it crosses the path with a rich, mysterious, sexy woman named Christina (Soutendijk, combining androgynous styles with Simone’s innocence / wit, similar to Simon (this is very unnerving), which can be literally the “black widow” responsible for her death the three previous husbands. They become lovers and move with each other, but we tend to believe (through Christina’s strange behavior and the frequent appearance of another woman — Gert de Jong’s playing — which may or may not exist) something terrible boils under the surface. When one of Christine's lovers, the young and “handsome” Herman (Tom Hoffman), appears in the house, the situation takes an unexpected turn, and that’s all you need to know. <br /> <br /> “The Fourth Man” was a huge success at art house in most parts of the world, but did not make it to the USA until 1984, where the Best Foreign Film of the Year from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association was awarded. The most common video is a press release that was horribly dubbed. Try to avoid this and head straight for the newer Anchor Bay DVD with subtitles. Since his arrival in America, Verhoeven’s career has had its ups and downs. He made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and a few lousy (Showgirls). In fact, Vervoven's main hit, Basic Instinct, is almost like a less interesting version of Fourth Man for juniors. Suthenjik also tried her hand at acting in America, and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best deals she received, she went back home to the Netherlands.
