The forerunner of Paul Verhoeven to his breakthrough hit "Basic Instinct" is a stylish and shocking neo-noir-thriller. Verhoeven became famous for having shot several dirty garbage films, both in his native Holland and in America, and this film is one of the reasons. The Fourth Man follows a strange story about Gerard Reeve (played by Jeroen Crabbe); a gay, alcoholic and slightly crazy writer who travels to Vlissingen to speak about the story he is writing. There, he meets the seductive Christine Halslag (Renee Soutpendyk), who takes him to his home, where he discovers a beautiful photo of one of her lovers and declares that he will meet him even if it kills him. <br /> <In this film, Paul Verhoeven distorts the truth many times, and this ensures that you never know where you are. Many of the incidents in The Fourth Man may be as they seem, but they can easily be interpreted as something completely different, and this keeps the audience on the edge of their seats for a while and also makes the film work like this story. this is what it thrives on. Paul Verhoeven is not a film director who feels he has to restrain himself, and this is one of the things I like most about him. This film shows a very shocking scene that made me feel bad for a few hours after that (and this does not happen very often!). I won’t spoil it, because for work you need an element of surprise ... but you will understand what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you get the uncut version!). There are also a number of other creepy scenes that are less shocking than the one I was talking about, but are nevertheless beautiful; a person is eaten by lions, another person’s pipe is pierced by his skull, the boat is broken in half ... lovely. <br /> <br /> There is nothing special about “The Fourth Man”, but it is firm everywhere. Jeroen Krabbé draws the attention of the audience and looks like a drunken writer. However, Rene Suthendayk is most impressive, as the femme fatale in the center of the tale. Her performance is what Sharon Stone imitates nine years later with Basic Instinct, but the original fatal version did it best. Paul Verhoeven's direction is firmly everywhere, as he directs our attention through numerous points of view that help uncover the mystery of history. Verhoeven continued to do garbage, but he obviously has talent, and it is a shame that he does not use it better. Of all the Verhoeven films I have seen, this is the best film, although it may be difficult to meet him; believe me, it's worth the effort.
