A film that can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of joy will be considered a big step in the career of an ordinary director. The fact is that Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest narrator, has been doing this for years in various film formats. COLOR OF THE VIOLET at the time was considered risky, especially after classic action films such as JAWS and RAIDERS OF LOST ARK. Looking back, this film should not have come as a surprise, because Spielberg made us cry tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics have called COLOR PURPLE their entrance to intellectual fare. This is quite an entrance. No special effects, no nonsense, just a brilliant story based on the literary classics of Alice Walker. One of the surprises is how Spielberg could have presented such a touching film about African Americans in the deep south. Slavery has disappeared, but in the south, depicted here, it seems that blacks use other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always humiliated because he sentiments his photos or adds an element of childhood to please the audience. This is really the first missed movie in his career that you cannot make these observations. This is the first film in the series that people either didn’t see or didn’t see, because there are no aliens there. EMPIRE OF THE SUN, ALWAYS, SHINDLER'S LIST, etc. His amazing talent is evident with this particular picture, because A) he uses mostly unprepared, novice actors, B) he solves the issue that most felt unfit for the screen, and C ) This is pure drama without any conditions, where characters grow and change for about 30 years. It is almost epic, both in appearance and scope, and the fact that he did not receive a single Oscar from 11 nominations is a parody and an insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is incredible, like a weary Seli, an unattractive woman who is given by her incestuous father to the abusive Danny Glover, whom she knows only as "Mr." The film follows the path of random beatings and mental torture, through which it passes, being with “Mister”. The film with a rating of PG-13 is quite open to sexual issues raised by Walker's novel. This is not a "burning bed" in Georgia. There is no apparent revenge taken, as one would expect. It happens gracefully. Goldberg beautifully plays a person in need of love and one who deserves it. The sharpest and most heartbreaking moment in the films comes when Goldberg and her sister Nettie (played by Akoshou Busia) are separated, perhaps forever. (Perhaps this foreshadows the separation of the Holocaust between the child and the parent?) You may have to check the pulse if you are not moved by this sequence. <br /> <br /> The color purple denotes the beauty of the fields and colors surrounding them. poor people. There really is, for the sake of which to live, but love triumphs over all. Spielberg's conversations pay attention: the guy can make an unforgettable classic without cute aliens. <br /> <br /> RATING: 10 out of 10
