This rather badly named Western series won an Emmy for the best syndicated program and is certainly an interesting series. He was produced by Republic, a studio that acted better than anyone else, and they put all their strength into it. Each episode was built around a real historical figure of the old west. A rail detective named Matt Clark, similar to the later Elliot Ness, with the gangsters of the 1920s and 30s, managed to take part in almost every notorious western criminal between the mid-1800s and the First World War. The best asset of the series was Jim Davis. Tall, rough, rudely handsome, in great shape, with an authentic western accent and excellent riding skills that made him completely convincing in battle scenes, Davis was every inch of a western hero. He teamed up with two excellent and active colleagues, Mary Castle as Frankie in the first season and Christine Miller as Johns in the second. Everyone worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> What separated this show from its contemporaries, and much of what appeared later, was the professionalism embedded in the action scenes. Ace Action director William Whitney made 30 episodes. Franklin Adrion is resting. Both filmed action with Polish. A huge store of national videos from the TV series and “B” was used to expand the scope. The level of individual episodes grew or fell depending on the quality of guest stars, criminals involved in the game. Among the really good ones were Marie Windsor as Bell Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Kattle Kate, and Joe Sawyer and Slim Pikins as Buch Cassidy and Little Smilin. The cream of Western aperims, Pikins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jackel honed their skills. B-veterans with many years of undercover experience, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earl Hodgkins, Steve Durrell and Chef Yovlachi, provided the feel of old vintage leather. <br /> <br /> Weakness The concept was that there were so many famous western criminals. By the second season, the most devoted history buffs became famous figures. However, some of the later shows were suitable for any of the guest stars. Henry Brandon portrayed the joker Nate Champion, and former Republican star Don Barry was an outstanding criminal of Milt Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western fans or history buffs will want to see it.
