PRIZES OF ROUNA AND TRIUMPH "VILLA PARANOY". The favorite movie of the general public, in fact more important than the jury prize, was the brilliantly bitter sweet dramatic comedy of Eric Clausen's Villa Paranoia, which was also chosen by the European Youth Jury in recognition of his appeal to films of all ages. The next day, actor-director Clausen went to the distant city of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, to the provincial festival of the new European cinema, where Villa Paranoia received three more prizes: “Best Film”, professional jury; Best Film, Audience Award; and the best film of another youth jury made up of “lyceums” of French high school students. Five prizes for one day off - a good scoop for a film from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, Villa was awarded the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD Grand Prix in San Jose, California, just a week ago by outstanding British actor Sir Ben Kingsley (“Gandhi”), receiving a total of six prizes in one week If in recent years Lars van Trier placed Denmark on an unusual strange Dogma Cinematic map, now there is a big chance that veteran Maverick Eric Clausen (62 years old) and his talented team of actors will soon show the world that Denmark can offer more than dogmatic nonsense, that is, a mass audience, pleasing both young and Tarihi. In addition, the main role of his film, Sonya Richter, is so magical that with a little more exposure she has every chance of becoming the next international Scandinavian diva. Recall, “Villa Paranoia” is a feature film written, directed by the director and in which Mr. Clausen starred and uses certain motifs from the Moliere Imaginary Disabled. Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, has lost a very desirable role in the play by Moliere, and, being turned into a completely stupid television advertisement about a chicken, is on the verge of suicide. However, Jörgen (Clausen), who runs a huge poultry farm sponsoring the place, offers her a job with a room and a board, taking care of his poisonous, senile, wheelchair-driven father, Valentina, who did not say a word to his wife Stella who committed suicide many years before. Anna is the only one who ultimately finds a way to communicate with a hostile silent grumpy - and, moreover, discovers that all these years he has been pretending to be deaf and still - living "Maladsky imagination." This will lead to the fact that she will play the greatest role in her life in order to uncover the dark mystery that led to the complete departure of Valentine from life and reality. The Paradise Paradise Villa, faithful to the Moliere tradition, from which it is partially derived, is heartbreaking, multi-layered, serially-comic psychodrama, which literally has something for everyone and needs only proper accommodation in order to achieve the general international propaganda that it deserves. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
