Passionate, dramatic, exciting, like flamenco itself, the film is simply amazing. It is set to the music of the immortal Bizet. The original music is written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists, a leading proponent of the Modern Flamenco style, Paco de Lucia, who plays the musician with the same name. The legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Hades co-wrote the script and staged this fabulous version of the famous novel / opera by Georges Bizet / Prosper Merimee. He plays the main character Antonio, a famous dancer / choreographer, who works on retelling the history of Carmen in the style of flamenco, which combines dancing with singing and rhythmic clapping, and also has a high level of dynamics that is very attractive to the audience. <Br /> <br /> Brilliant and graceful Christina Hoyos, whose technical excellence is combined with the elegant mastery of her dancing lights in the role of support. Hoyos was the first dancer in the company of Hades for twenty years (1968-1988), and she was the main character of three films that Carlos Saura made from three great shows of Hades: “Bodas de Sangre” (1978), “Carmen” (1983) and El Amor Brujo (1985). The magnificent Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen, in which Anthony sees another Carmen at first sight, immortalized by two French writer Prosper Merimee in her most famous novel written in 1846, which inspired the world-famous opera comedian George Bizet 1875 <br /> <br /> As in the opera, and in the story, Carmen in the film of Saura is desirable and deadly, the ultimate femme fatale, who must be free above all. She could not tolerate the possessive love of any man and would prefer death to submission. There are about 50 screen versions of the film and opera to the screen, and no matter how different they are, they all have the only possible tragic end. Saura / Hades film is unique as the most sensual of all and truly Spanish. I fell in love with him from the first time, when I saw him more than twenty years ago, and today he is as special and beautiful as then. Highly recommended.
