Undoubtedly, one of the great masterpieces of John Ford, the young Mr. Lincoln went almost unnoticed during its initial release, which is not surprising because it was 1939, when many of the greatest films in the history of cinema, including the most mythical Western in the history of the genre, were released, John Ford "Stagecoach" and many others, such as "Gone With the Wind", "The Wizard of Oz", Mr. Smith goes to Washington, where he received an "Oscar" in the only category for which young Mr. Lincoln, who is is the original script. <br /> <br /> Over the years, it has remained the most underrated film of Ford, which was destined to fade into the shadow of other masterpieces of John Ford, but by the end of the 1950s American and European film critics and historians accepted the hold on a note written by the legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein about Young Mr. Lincoln, where he praised her and acknowledged that if he had the opportunity to make any American film that was made until then, it would certainly be Young John. Mr Lincoln. Impressed with Eisenstein’s undoubted preference, critics saw the film again, but only with slightly different eyes, and since then the film’s reputation has grown. <br /> <br /> This was not the first time when the life of one of the most legendary American presidents was presented on the screen. In the early 1930s, Griffith made it in his film “Abraham Lincoln” and the same year as Ford’s film, MGM released John Cromwell’s film “Abe Lincoln” in Illinois. Curiously, both of them were based on a very successful Broadway scene, released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As for the John Ford films, we can easily find many references to life, deeds, and even the death of the mythical Lincoln character in several director works, such as The Iron Horse, 1924, or 1936. The second “Prisoner of the Shark Island”, as well as the young Mr. Lincoln, uses as a main theme music the favorite song of Lincoln - Dixie. <br /> <br /> Scenario based on the previously mentioned production play and Lincoln's biographies. was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, which was quite a rare case for Ford, but the end result was simply magnificent - the script combining elements of the play with several historical facts, as well as myths and legends about the beginning of life and legal practice of Abraham Lincoln ends a fun but mostly heartbreaking court scene, which is the high point of the film and the main generator of laughter and tears, where Lincoln defends two young brothers accused of murder and has to come up with The guide also helps her mother when she appears before a court as a witness and when the prosecutor (played by Donald Meek) demands that she indicate which of her sons actually committed the murder, apparently obliging her to make the impossible choice to sentence one to death allow another to live. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a very touching, heartbreaking and even funny film with Henry Fonda’s simply magnificent performance in his outstanding feature of Abraham Lincoln and with a tremendous wealth of other characters, no matter how small or how big they are embodied in beautiful and intelligent screenplay and driven by the ability of the genius of John Ford in one of his best works in history. A definite must see for everyone. 10/10
