My director's intuition can bring material that needs the right push in the right directions. The young Mr. Lincoln is full of some "old-fashioned" values ​​that, in retrospect, despite the two-dimensional image, are at least more respectful than one would see in a movie in this movie. What makes it so good, as in all its simplicity and grandeur, is that it is a truly magnificent drama in the courtroom under the guise of a history lesson. <br /> <br /> We all know about Abraham Lincoln as the 16th president who was liberated and killed after the civil war. But as a lawyer in his early years he was charismatic, cheerful in the most unexpected places and a real gentleman. He is not some kind of superhero who cannot do anything wrong (this was the only fear of the Funds before signing a contract), but a figure with possible flaws that transcend his innate kindness and clear vision of good and evil. <br /> <br /> Suffice it to say that John Ford is exceptional as a narrator, almost without trying. In fact, it is a lie, he tries, but he does it somehow easily in the studio system; he worked in an independent way, at the same time bringing pleasure to Zanuk, therefore he was largely left alone with his own laconic practices of “editing in the camera”, and did not move it so as not to deviate from history. It is this power of conventional wisdom that somehow works hand in hand with the material, as a kind of companion for full-blooded Americana in 1939, as can be seen in the book Smith Goes to Washington (only here it is the law, not the policy). <br /> <br /> Fonda is leading the way - for the first time with Ford - and never lets us lose sight of Lincoln after makeup and the extra boost in shoes. The Self Funds, in a sense, as in “The Bunches of Wrath” and “My Dear Clementine,” manifest themselves in the character of Lincoln. No matter how unlikely it was, no one from this period could have played him then: he is mature and wise, but he has a desire to prove himself in this case of the convoluted murder that he saw, but he did, she is a case. <br /> <br /> Only in the form of small pieces, like the last shot that imposes on Lincoln, walking along the road with his monument, and a couple of small examples on the early scene of a large parade that look rather outdated. As for the goals set before the young Mr. Lincoln, they were all met by Ford and his team and actors; it's not as stupid as you might think, and he has a strong balance of humor and genuine pathos.
