This film was not only one of John Ford’s personal favorites, but also numbered directors Sergei M. Eisenstein and Bertrand Tavernier among his famous admirers. Ironically, I just found out about this through a recent set of two Criterion CDs, after I missed several original language views of this film on Italian television many years ago and again several times on TV while in Hollywood! <br /> <br /> The film marked the first of Ford’s nine collaborations with Henry Fonda, and is also the clearest example of Ford’s obscene American vein. Beautifully executed and visually quite poetic work, the sequence of court hearings (and possible revelation) in the second half still contain quite a lot of noise, except for giving the character valiant actor Donald Mick an unforgettable meaty role as a prosecutor. <br /> <br /> The Foundation is, of course, well called a shy, inexperienced, but strict and humanistic lawyer who was destined to become president; Fonda continued to portray other fictitious politicians in the film — especially in the Franklin J. Schaffner film BEST PERSON (1964) and SAFE SAFE by Sydney Lumet (1964) —and now it’s surprising to know that he reluctantly accepted the role of Lincoln during the adoption how, in his opinion, it was “how to play God”! <br /> <br /> It is interesting to note here that Ford had previously considered Abraham Lincoln (tangentially) in the film “Prisoner of Shark Island” (1936), an excellent, but perhaps little-known treasure, which, fortunately, has just been released . as a special DVD release from the UK stand Criterion, label Eureka "Masters Of Cinema". In addition, I also have two more Abraham Lincoln films in my DVD collection, which I still have to watch, and by the way, both of them were shot by D.V. Griffith - THE BIRTH OF NATION (1915) and ABRAHAM LINCOLN (1930) - and I didn’t just get a bunch of movies that I had never watched before, I would gladly give them a spin based on my very satisfactory viewing experience with YOUNG MR. LINCOLN.
