In his excellent book, Lincoln in American Memory, historian Merrill Peterson calls the young Mr. Lincoln a “boring, horrible film.” This strikingly incorrect analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely good film critics. I am working on a doctoral thesis about Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. In preparation for my dissertation, I carefully analyzed this film and the brilliant interpretation of Tag Gallagers in his original book on Ford. The young Mr. Lincoln comes out in that culminating year of Ford’s first cinematic stage, 1939. In this greatest of Hollywood years, Ford made three excellent, not yet fully rated films: Drums in Mohawk, Stagecoach and Young Mr. Lincoln, It may seem strange to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated; everyone, except the most narrow-minded critics, should understand that this is one of the greatest westerns and, perhaps, even one of the hundred greatest films of all time. However, what is NOT fully appreciated is that these three films work together as a trilogy, in fact a triptych. Ford creates a kind of mythical history of America on the screen. Drums Along the Iroquois there is a war of independence. Young Mr. Lincoln - America before the civil war. Finally, the stagecoach is America after the civil war. The common feature of these three films is that they constitute a long meditation on the American Adam and his “mission to the wilderness”. What are the psychic and social costs of the American manifest fate when America seeks to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes the journey through North and South America, as he tries to reconcile the civilization impulse (law) with the freedom of the desert. Mr. Lincoln is not a story (it is full of historical “cries”, as Ford and Trotti knew well), but a myth. This is Lincoln, a symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln, a man of the desert, seeking to establish a civilization within himself and become the “wonderful legislator” of young America. The young Mr. Lincoln doesn’t look like a story, like the long-forgotten TV show about James Agee’s Lincoln, and, like Sandberg’s biography, this is an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
