This is an entertaining "story" of the FBI, but it should be regarded as fiction, because it is exactly what it is. What else could be when J. Edgar Hoover personally approved and played a cameo role in the production. James Stewart, as usual, is great, and the auxiliary staff, with the exception of the incompetent Vera Miles, is good. Murray Hamilton is especially good at supporting roles as a partner and Stuart’s best friend. The achievements of the FBI, which emphasizes the film, of course, that's right. It is important that it is not mentioned. <br /> <br /> One of the most shameful parts of the film is the description of the murder of John Dillinger. He is depicted pretty much the way it did, but Melvin Puris, the head of the Chicago Bureau who led the operation, is not mentioned at all. Instead, the operation is portrayed as though the fictional Chip Harsteadi performed it. It is said that Hoover envied the publicity that Purvis received after the murder of Dillinger; Purvis was subsequently transferred to a remote outpost, and soon after that left the FBI. There is no doubt why Purvis was never mentioned in the film. But this viewer, at least, paused to think that if Purvis is treated like that about all the agents who performed all the other operations depicted in the film. Were they also completely ignored and replaced by the fictional Harsteads. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the film is accurate in describing the activities of the FBI until the end of World War II. However, after this film, the film will make us believe that the only threat faced by the United States came from international communism, which Hoover undoubtedly believed. Never mind the mafia. Never mind the lynchings that were still going on in the South. Never mind that blacks were intimidated to keep them from voting in most of the South. I don’t know if the FBI started tapping Martin Luther King’s phone by the time this film was made, but if not, it soon began. <br /> <br /> As I said on First of all, this is pretty good fun, but it should be considered as a cleared fixation.
