Years of drugs actually suffer from one of these aspects, as mini-series or other types of television documentaries are shown over and over again for several weeks on television. It is actually not long enough, in a sense. All the main fundamentals of the decades are covered, and it is interesting to note them all as views on the postmodern history and from different sides. But it almost does not cover enough, or, at least, what is covered from time to time is given once, when it may deserve more time. For example, the information and details in the third part about the whole process and business of delivering huge quantities of drugs (partly marijuana, and then cocaine) are really well presented, but there are other details that are stored depending on how much time there is to light up. <br /> <br /> In general, although the documentary sheds enough light on how drugs, pop culture, government intervention, upper classes and lower classes and suburbs, everyone felt a wave of different drugs over the years and the interaction between all was very obvious. No one in the film, with the exception of the possibility of small hints on the pot), does not directly approve of drugs, but in the archive clips it is shown that what is honestly sometimes funny, and then tragic, is about taking certain drugs. The appearances of various persistent, ridiculously anti-drug officials are very confusing to some points - even with this review of drug cultures and American communication in general - because in fact there is only one important point that was mentioned a couple of times by one of the respondents. The only way to truly approach the drug problem is not just to say no, because, as the war on drugs has shown, it is not as effective as intended. It really is just to sort out all the drugs and people who may be hypocritical towards them (like, for example, oxycontin continues on the market). <br /> <br /> This is with great interest and depth of Ken Burns documentary? No, but for some summer watching TV for young people (that is, my age), who will view much as almost ancient history, despite the fact that most of this was not more than a generation ago, and also for the “old” people who can reflect a few decades later about the great peaks, careless times, and then disappointment, promoted by the same media that spread it and advertised a few years ago. There are those who may find the documentary particularly biased, which is not completely false, but it tries to get quite different views on the social, political and recreational conditions of drug weaving (for the better or the worse) with a sufficient amount of breathtaking appearance.
