With the death of her sick husband, Mae, an elderly woman faces a future in the urban world that sees her as invisible, dead from the neck and unwanted in the pseudo-complicated yuppie houses of her son, Bobby and his petty wife Helen and Paula, immersed in tenacious and minimally talented daughter. The central family is nothing but a warm, supportive and understanding of its new and tragic stage in life with the death of her husband. “Mother” is a quiet exploration of character, which shows that in some societies the elder parent is an undesirable and heavy burden for adult children, whose career and search for status overshadow everything else. <br /> <br /> When May realizes that the world is still important to her, the lonely widow discovers that her libido is awakened and comes to life with her daughter's boyfriend, carpenter and rude man. May enters into an unhindered sexual love affair with Darren, whose character initially sympathizes with her, but his vicious nature is quickly revealed through the pressure of the women around him. <br /> <br /> This is the role of Hollywood. Actresses of a certain age never write for them, but never appear in the film, because the film’s frankness, open sexuality, untidy wardrobe, modest make-up and social commentary on the emptiness of the very society to which most women in the film industry belong. The lead actress Anna Reid's performance ranges from quiet to frivolous, and her interpretation blossoms on screen from a gray widow to a sexually vibrant and liberated middle-aged woman without facelift, hair extensions and liposuction. She bares more than her soul on the screen. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is a skilled master, Derrek, who sleeps with his mother and daughter. He turns into another star performance, which at first sympathizes with the situation of the widow, but in the end, without redemption, because his true nature is revealed, and he is literally a rooster in a hen house. The inability of his aimless character to say no to his ex-wife, boring girlfriend and her mother is the reason for his ineffective existence. Although he is well able to build a conservatory, he cannot come up with meaning in his life. <br /> <br /> One of the best British films in recent years, he's just an adult on the storyline. The Mother is a rare film that may be too honest for the American audience to tolerate the absence of a car chase, chic and rap soundtrack to drown out the cretins of TV stars and amateurs. Mother reflects how aging baby boomers are now disposable people whom children want to ignore, send to a nursing home and get out of the way. Mei does not know what to do, because Darren revives her, does not want to go to a nursing home, and discovers that her children are more conservative than she ever was at their age.
