This is an excellent film dedicated to a potentially exploited subject with great sensitivity. Ann Reed, previously known in the UK for her roles on television, including Lunch (a scenario from the Victoria Wood series about food service workers in the company, if you're interested), gives an idea of ​​the understated understatement, as in May, at the end of 60 -year-old mother of two adults living in a get-together in inner london. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies during their visit to the last species male (Bobby), and we see that Bobby and his family meet the couple rather casually. However, the daughter of teacher Mae Paula (Catherine Bradshaw) lives nearby, and the relationship between Mae and Paula seems closer at first. Thus, when May decides that she cannot live in her own home and returns to London, she can stay at Paula’s house and take care of the children of Paula’s more rewarding offspring. <br /> <br /> This is on May visits. to Bobby's house, where she enters into an affair with Darren, Bobby's girlfriend in the mid-30s, who is working on an extension of the house. In what may be the first mainstream British film to portray him in this way, it is May, not Darren (Daniel Craig *) who initiates the meeting, and, at least to begin with, it seems that the relationship is based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least on the DVD I saw: the differences in the list of executors of IMDb suggest the existence of other versions), and the physical basis of the case is processed directly, but not exploited. More vividly depicts the relationship between May and her daughter Paula, who recently turned to “therapy and self-study,” who claims that her mother never supported her. Paula is also Darren's lover, and when she finds Mei’s explicit but rather scanty drawings of Darren and Mei together, everything goes in a dramatic but controlled way. Perhaps only in an English film can a daughter declare that she is going to hit her mother, politely ask her to stand up and properly stroke her. <br /> <br /> In the meantime May draws. the alleged relationship with a decent, but senior (from her own generation) member of the writing group of Paula. The contrast between subsequent unwelcome communication and her love with Darren is clearly made; it was at this moment that May began to give way to Paula, and Darren's worm began to turn (he discovers on cocaine that he may have been pursuing her money, if not all the time, but for some trip). Thus, May turns out to be unnecessary for the needs of both her children and, finally, returns home (but later leaves on a jet plane in search of new pastures). <br /> <br /> The strength of the film is that it depicts with the unshakable but sympathetic true nature of the modern relationship between adult parents and siblings when the loss can leave the parent’s sense of survival more alone than if they had not no one to take care of them. This is not new, but the openness of the image of sexual needs at the age of 60 years may well be. The darkness of the film’s content, from the script of Hanif Kureishi, contrasts with how it is illuminated (it seems to be an eternal summer), and the general mood is uplifting - it would be easy to install it in harsh and rainy England. The ending may not have been written enough, since we do not know where May is going and how long - perhaps she is Shirley Valentine with a pension, she is certainly not Picasso. Ann Reid, however, is shown as a wonderful actor whose professional life will surely change forever. Like Julie Andrews in “The Torn Curtain” (as said by Paul Newman), “your picture of Mary Poppins {read Dinnerladies} forever.” <br /> <br /> * Yes, he: announced October 2005 as the new James Bond.
