It’s hard to imagine a director capable of such monstrous crap as Notting Hill, shooting something as sensitive and as attractive as this, but, well, here’s the evidence, and this is pretty convincing. Some referred to television drama, and yes, sometimes it sounds like the “game for today” of the seventies, but always a cut above, mostly, I think, because of some very excellent playing by Anna Reed and because of the beautiful script shadow boxes with clichés, not getting one on the nose, except maybe right at the end. (I didn’t like the tracking of the indifferent farewell along the corridor, nor the final scene “oh, how beautiful”: she deserved a more studied finale than I think, after all this hard work. Slippers by reflection, the business was also a bit OTT. <Br / > <br /> What I mean to avoid cliches: well, for example, I had a drowning expectation that the daughter of a “mature” man, May, would try to set her up to be cast in 2 dimensions as a repulsive old hole, so that more painfully indicate the contrast with an attractive, courageous young odd fellow, with whom he unwittingly competes. Instead, we get an unexpectedly thin and responsive cameo of a lonely, awkward, not quite incredible and very humane guy who, nevertheless, has no idea about woman’s entertainment. At about that time I started to sit and give more attention. Here is a scenario that allows actors to breathe and do something interesting with rather minor details. Almost Mike Lee in this regard (with the exception of contrived catharsis, which the latter inexplicably does). <br /> <br /> And, of course, I, like everyone else, was stunned by what Ann Reed does with her character and with her body. She / not / "repressed, obedient housewife, opening themselves for the first time," it is too simplistic for our character. Hints that she was a “bad housewife,” not to mention what she does with trays, trying to look educated and cute, and she only manages to look clumsy, appear again and again. The daughter accuses her of “sitting in front of the TV all day” instead of considering her mother's duties: she has no answer. She was never an exemplary wife and mother, at least for herself — hence the great sharpness: the feeling that someone had wasted life trying to fulfill a role in which she simply was not good, never.
