After the SuperFriends and Scooby-Doo left Saturday morning radio waves in the fall of 1986, I practically stopped watching Saturday morning cartoons at that moment, as these were the only two that made me tune. And since neither real ghostbusters, nor children from Flintstown seemed very promising to me, I “retired” and began to sleep on Saturdays. I returned to Saturday morning television in 1988 in just one year for one and only one animation show. <br /> <br /> I was not going to give up the new Superman animation show. I was 17 years old, and at the time I was in high school, so what? I liked this show. From what I can remember, this series was a gift to fans, I suppose, at the celebration of the 50th anniversary of Superman this year. It featured themed music and musical style reminiscent of the John Williams film account of Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve’s Superman films. Honestly, I felt that the animation style that Ruby Spears did resembles the series of Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians from Hannah Barber a few years ago. Unfortunately, Danny Dark did not return as Superman, but I felt that Bo Weaver did a very impressive job, as the voice of Superman and his Clark Kent was boring, like the version of Chris Reeve. Hearing him like Reed Richards / Mister. Fantastic in the 90s Fantastic Four, I still could see this version of Superman in my head. Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane. LOL! What a rhyme. She was the voice director for Hannah Barber and Ruby Spears, and I believe she committed to making Lois. Memories of SuperFriends remained in this series when it came to voice. Jimmy Olsen - Mark Taylor, who at SuperFriends used to be the Firestorm. Perry White is none other than the former television writer of Batman Stanley Ralph Ross, who in the SuperFriends was Gorilla Grodd and Brayniac in the Super Powers series. And Lex Luthor, now a wise cracker-billionaire mogul, is none other than the voice Quaker SuperFriends, Michael Bell, whom I know best of all as Zan and Riddler, as well as many other characters from many other TV shows. <br /> <br /> I felt that this series was a combination of Superman and John Byrne’s post-crisis presentation of Superman, with Lex Luthor in the role of billionaire magnate, Jonathan and Martha Kent, alive to see Clark as Superman, the Bruce Timm Series and Lois and Clark would also do that. Unfortunately, we have never seen Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, Metallo or Darkseid. In addition to Luthor, we saw only the Joker and saw General Zod. I especially liked this episode with Wonder Woman, voiced by BJ Ward, who also played her on the Super Powers Team. <br /> <br /> The episodes were terrific, and I also liked the stories about Clark's development and development from infancy to childhood and from adolescence to adults moving to Metropolis in the short segment of Superman's Family Album. <br /> <br /> The only two things I didn’t like. This lasted only one season. And after the Wonder Woman guest space, I was hoping that Batman would appear, voiced by Adam West (I think, still about episodes of the Super Powers Team). I also hoped so, because in the Joker episode, the Metropolis baseball team was set against Gotham Goliath. <br /> <br /> Every popular Superhero has one cartoon series that is extremely rare. For SpiderMan, I feel like this is a 1981 solo series that was broadcast at the same time as Amazing Friends. For the Incredible Hulk, this is a 1982 cartoon. For the Fantastic Four, this is the 1978 series with the HERBIE robot. For Batman, this is Batman’s 1977 New Adventures by BatMite’s Filmation. But for Superman, the rarest series is this. <br /> <br /> Superman’s books and documentaries never cover or mention it. This is another series that WB should consider for a DVD release. In general, this 1988 version of Superman is good .... Super !!
