WOMEN began with a short 1971 novel written by the late Bernard Malamud, a writer / philosopher, who explored the conflicts between Jews and African Americans in the incendiary atmosphere of Brooklyn while writing a book. Like a novel, the story was incredibly real: how to transcribe newbies David Diamond and Danny Green (who is also in charge) is more of a brain thesis, which is gradually turning into action in the last moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish writer who has one book behind him, but he is currently trying to finish his “newest” book ten years before writing it. I am convinced that he must complete the novel in the same environment where it was launched. he is the only tenant in a convicted Brooklyn home owned by Leinspils (Seymour Cassel) who is constantly trying to “buy out” Harry’s rent so that the dirty dilapidated building can be demolished. This atmosphere includes another black militant quasi-anti-Semitic writer Willy Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), whom Harry is friends, hides and offers help to an emerging novelist writing about the death of all white people. Harry’s attempts to help Willy led to conflict, not least the meeting between Harry and Willie’s girlfriend, white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne), at a less-than-friendly meeting between Willie’s militant black brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are on a hillside, and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene, and they plan to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his romance. When Willie hears about the assignment and is further criticized by Harry, Willie explodes and begins a downward recession not only of fine friendship, but also of competition between writers. The finale "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition and the human ability to violence and destruction." <br /> <br /> Actors do their best, using a script that is a little awkward, but despite the scenarios bordering on preaching, they create believable characters. Cinematography enhances the plot, keeping the mood raw and dense, and primarily limited to the convicted building. The musical score appropriately uses the solo jazz trumpet and blues piano to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these baseless characters. Although it takes some patience to get through brain tricks, the film is worth seeing at the end. At least, he is trying to recreate the strange look of Malamud on life in a big city. Grady harp
