As the directorial debut of Jack Nicholson's “Drive,” he said that at least shows that he is a talented director of actors. Even when a story may seem lost to an audience (and to a modern audience — if they can find it, which appears on eBay from time to time — it may seem more free than they think), the film contains vivid, interesting characteristics. The film tells about two children from college: the main character is Hector (William Tepper, who borders on the beginning of the performance), the star of leopards, the college basketball team in which he plays. While he has to deal with a coach (Bruce Dern), who is under pressure to stay focused, and with a friend (Karen Black) with his own emotional problems, there is Gabrielle (Michael Margotta), another child. It seems that Gabriel is a little more than excited by the possibility of being called up, and therefore, in his own radical state of mind, he is doing everything possible to keep him out. But when Hector tries to find a balance between his looming glory and those he loves, Gabriel overcomes the threshold of sanity. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, Nicholson demonstrates an exciting editing style that keeps things on the edge during basketball scenes, and brings darkness to many other scenes with documentary feeling everywhere. And from Tepper, Black, and even Robert Town (the writer from Chinatown's “Last Detail” and “Mission Impossible” among others who rarely act) he collects some credible actor's work. Although in Tepper there is a tendency to downplay his emotions. For example, in some scenes when he can act with sarcasm, he does not play it for what it is worth. On the other hand, from Margotta in his performance there is a bright, arched force, and when he descends, it is frightening, but perhaps understandable from time to time (and that is the culmination). By the way, Dern steals most of his scenes in a performance that was supposed to get him in an Oscar nomination. Each line of his dialogue is appropriate, though, and it never breaks, as in the recent speeches of the coach. <br /> <br /> But the film pulls along with it the fact that the elements with the participation of the characters are not explained to the extent that one could wish for more. The film is based on the novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote the script with Nicholson, and I expected the film to be longer than it was. This is a small collection with a lot of information, about time, about sports, about basic feelings that were with the feelings of the younger generation. Nicholson presents these characters and situations to us, and rarely do they show what motivates them (anti-war protesters are not included, their role is quite understandable). Gabriel is concerned about what is happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector is also a guy who fears that he will be called to the NBA, and he still loves to play, but what is holding him back? This whole atmosphere is intriguing how the college / basketball experience was at the end of the 60s, but this intriguing quality, which leads to some unconventional, persists at a point where it cannot go too far. In general, the effect of the film as a whole is bitter-sweet, and somewhat memorable with its good rather than low virtues. And, of course, you can tell who is behind the lens every step of the way. B +
