This is a pretty awesome movie to watch. Using digital technology, director Romer literally encrusted his live actors into painted backgrounds. In most cases, it works brilliantly, especially at the beginning, when the movie is like a pop-up story. He is less successful in some scenes where he restricts camera angles (for example, they did not paint the walls of some buildings), but this is a very interesting way to shoot a historical film that talks about our own mistakes and limited views of history as much as history itself. . This is narrated using the memoirs from the Duke of Orleans, Grace Elliott. Thus, the event, which Marxist historians usually call one of their own, especially in France, is described here from the perspective of a foreign-born aristocratic woman. Inevitably, another point of view arises - there can be no objective representation. Using the “Memories” device really gives the film a rather episodic quality. Personally, I found the story around the death of the king the most interesting. Loyal to the royalist, she is shocked when the duke votes for the death of the king (basic knowledge of the French revolution is probably useful in following the dialogue between Grace and the duke here. He was Louis’s cousin and was quickly elected to changed his name to Philip Equality). Shooting the death of Louis virtuoso. Grace and her maid are in Médon, outside of Paris, viewed from the hill with a telescope. We do not see the penalty, we hear only the comments of the maid, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the revolution takes place behind the scenes. Grace can't watch her king being killed. Her gaze is like that of an aristocrat. Any justification for Louis’s death is literally beyond her vision. This is a powerful, very smart movie. The love story between the duke and Grace hints, is never told, and moves strongly (although the duke sometimes seems to be a pompous fool; what does she see in him? Without regard to taste). The underwater currents of insanity (just existing enough to be a suspect) that cover people in time, such as the Revolution, are illustrated as Grace’s life is turned upside down, her house is searched daily, but she still orders her servants to cook her food and unable to get dressed! If you have any interest in a thin, well-told film, clever use of technology to tell an old story or represent a turning point in European history told by an aristocratic foreign woman, her absolute outsider, then this is worth your while. It's a little slow in some places, but your patience is well rewarded.
