CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third film of the master animator, created in the original Japanese title LAPUTA (for an insulting phrase that Hayao Miyazaki did not notice at the time), and one of his most beloved ones of all time. Initially, the box office disappointment in its release in 1986, has since been accepted by critics and viewers around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's “Gulliver's Travels,” CASTLE IN THE SKY is a steampunk-style adventure story about two young orphans — young miner Pazu and mysterious girl Shite (who wears a magic crystal around her neck) —who are teaming up to find a long-lost island Laputa, which, according to rumors, has enormous wealth and precious stones. They are assisted by a group of clumsy but sympathetic air pirates led by a furious Dola (who first pursues them, but still turns out to be real allies) and is pursued by the government headed by his villainous most secret agent, Muska, who wants the Laputa Force for his own advantage. <br /> <br /> This movie is a great choice for those who are looking for an exciting way to spend two hours. It has a lot of humor, research, surprise and mystery. to interest. The piece of art, though not as impressive as in some later Miyazaki films, is fantastic and magnificent enough so that you can see imaginative characters and locations, incredibly exciting fighting scenes and breathtaking flight episodes that make you feel dizzy. And although the characters who fill this story are less complex than other Miyazaki works, each of them has an unforgettable, charming personality that stays with the audience long after the film ends. Dola, in particular, makes a terrific comic character, shouting orders to his stupid sons in an instant and defending Sheeta the next. Muska is one of the few Miyazaki creatures that has ever met as unfit for evil-doers, but, like Dola, he commands every scene he is in, with sinister charisma that is both tempting and cold. <br /> <br /> Anime fans often compared this film with the science fiction adventure series Gainax NADIA: THE SECRET OF BLUE WATER. In the end, both works have the same story and character elements ... not to mention the fact that they were both created by Miyazaki himself. Where both differ in their performance. NADIA, although charming for the most part, suffered from a wrong turn in the middle of the road, turning into a cartoon nonsense that almost distracted from the main plot, although it did have a strong end. CASTLE IN THE SKY, on the other hand, is constantly amused and concentrated for two hours, and so much the better. While the epic tone of the film is sometimes interrupted by some "cartoony" moments, such as the fight between the boss Patsu and one of Dola’s sons, he never distracts from the film. <br /> <br /> About eleven A few years ago, Disney released an English version with such famous personalities as James van der Beek, Anna Paken, Cloris Lichman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin, and also some cameo videos from veterans, such as Tress MacNeill and Jim Cummings. It also shows the ambitious reworking of Joe Hisaishi’s magnificent musical score for a performance in the Seattle Music Orchestra (interestingly, the person behind this lifeguard is none other than the composer himself). No matter how much the purists shout blasphemy about this version because of its occasional additional dialogue and the aforementioned salvation, Miyazaki had no such problems; in fact, he is said to have welcomed the rework, and for good reason, because the newly recorded music is indeed the star of the new dub. While there are some instances where filling in some of the critically quiet scenes from the original Japanese is a bit annoying (especially traveling through a storm cloud teeming with dragons), the total rework is fantastic and improves the original in many ways, especially in the scenes. for example, when a robot attacks a fortress, and climatic moments near the end. Here, Hisaishi demonstrates its musical versatility and genius in comparing music with visual effects. <br /> <br /> With regard to dub, the lead is likely to be on the short end of the stick; James Van Der Beck's Pazu sounds significantly more mature than his character, while Anna Paquin's Sheeta speaks with a strange accent that fluctuates from time to time (a problem that actually works in favor of the character). However, both do a good job as a whole and provide fairly believable chemistry in all. However, it's a live cast that really makes this dub so funny, especially Dola Cloris Lichman and Muska Mark Hamill. Both are well played and steal every scene they are in; as is the case with rescore, these two really deserve listening to dub Disney. The adaptation of the script borders on liberal times - there are very few additional lines and / or comments (some of which are pricelessly ridiculous and others are somewhat exaggerated) - but aside from at least one controversial rework (Sita's speech to Climate Opposition cannot live without love ”, unlike the original“ You cannot survive without Mother Earth ”), common characters, history and spirit remain faithful enough to the original. In general, it makes no sense to compare the Disney version with the original language track; everyone puts their imprint on this legendary masterpiece, and I both like them. (They are also better than the more literal, but terribly robotic, lifeless, badly acting and poorly written older double Streamline / JAL since the late 1980s; the opposite is true. <br /> <br /> In any case, you can't go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKY. This is one of Miyazaki's greatest achievements, and I highly recommend it.
