The second feature film, Hayao Miyazaki, and his first film, widely recognized both commercially and critically (although his debut film “Warriors of the Wind” Nausicaa AKA is considered by many fans to be its best), Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta AKA 'Castle in the Sky "May seem childish and simplistic compared to his later masterpieces, such as Kiki's Delivery Service, Mononoke-Jime and Spirited Away, but in 1986 he was ahead of his time and became one of the milestones of modern anime . It is important to remember that the “Castle in the Sky” was created two years before the revolutionary “Akira”, and, although it is not provocative and controversial, like the aforementioned masterpiece, all the main characters are mostly heroes such as manga / heroine / villain, and history quite predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki’s design and animation have never met in standards. While the story and humor are at times a bit stupid and outdated, the film is still very interesting and very pleasant - if not as exciting as Spirited Away. And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the framework itself and ignore low-budget colors and animation, as well as identical twins — at this moment Miyazaki is still true to his roots and the agreed standards of the Japanese cartoon — you will see how Miyazaki’s genius shines through as well as in Spirited Away and Mononoke. Although Sky Castle, being a fantastic adventure and very suitable for children, fits into the classic anime more carefully than anything else he has done since then, his motives and principles still show and play an important role. To say much more is to spoil the film, so I will kindly remain silent. Suffice it to say that I only give him nine stars, because if I had given him ten, I would not have been able to climb higher for Spirited Away and Princess Mononoke. And that would be a crime. <br /> <br /> As with most anime films, I recommend watching the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you don’t say a word in Japanese - you don’t need English overlays. This is usually very good, and in this case it’s just awful. You might want to watch it in the English version once, just for laughs and for star cast (English dub was recorded only after the success of Spirited Away, as well as for Kiki Delivery Service). ') - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, boy Dawson!) Starring, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from Star Wars, if you don't know!) Playing the villain and other roles filled with Andy Dick, Tres McNeill ( The Simpsons, Rugrates, Animaniaks ...), Michael McShane (Friar So from Kevin Costner's novel about Robin Hood) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) Good for laughing or laughing a little actually. But first look Japanese.
