It is always difficult to stamp on any film as “the best”, whether for all time, a particular genre or something else, but I believe that you can make strong arguments for the fact that Laputa is the greatest animated film. ever did. In my opinion, this is a masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented of Japanese filmmakers and animators, and he best reflects his strengths as a director, storyteller and designer, and also embodies all his favorite main themes. The version I am considering is the American dub of 2003 (I know the blasphemy for the anime fan not to watch it in my native language); There is at least one more double in English, I have it on VHS (I don't know from what source), and this version is the only best dub I've ever come across in any movie. But I thought it was better to concentrate on the version that people can really find. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (voiced here by James Van Der Bic) who grows up in a mining town when one day a young girl named Shita (Anna Paquin) literally falls from the sky. She seems to be pursued by an ominous government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magic crystal that hangs around her neck. To save life, behind the crystal is an evil ridiculous pirate gang, led by an aging, but still noisy Down (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the ability of the crystal to reveal the location of the legendary flying city of Laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasures. All this largely corresponds to the fairy-tale atmosphere, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far he can go in history, and the plot is strewn with moments of God damn and permeated with his usual morality and warnings about the abuse of force of nature. <br /> <br /> Project works on Lapute, almost twenty years later, are still revolutionary. There are many all kinds of aircraft, completely impossible, but so carefully designed that you instantly accept them without blinking. The world is located somewhere in the early twentieth century, with telegraphs and ancient cars next to these wonderful impossible aircraft. But the city itself is pure brilliance in execution; Laputa is at the same time a paradise garden, and the very fire of the heavens, and in this comparison lies its attractiveness, its strength and danger. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a thoughtful and beautifully designed film, Laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography. From firing through the air to speedy chases on tiny one-person flyers, to ships sinking into the clouds as if they were water, Laputa demonstrates the area in which most films are ?? even with CGI magic ?? you can only dream. Although we see only a small part of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the framework, and we easily believe in it. The film also contains one of my favorite, if not the most exciting, sequence of actions in the entire history: the guardian robot that fell to Earth is activated by chance and damages the fortress in which it is located, all the while trying to protect Sheet (who was who woke him up). Meanwhile, Pazu and the pirates are attacking their small aircraft, to literally wrest it from the mouth of destruction. From the terrifying view of the robot, burning the countryside, to the thrilling rescue at the last second, the whole sequence is a masterpiece of time and camera angles and an accurate knowledge of how far the audience can get. <br /> <br /> This helps Laputa has a terrific score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captured the amazing beauty of this world, innocent dew, breathtaking action and the eerie other-worldly existence of a flying city and its strange guardian robots. Although he re-recorded it for this DVD release (which, according to IMO, is not an improvement over its original score), adding excerpts here and there, the score perfectly matches the visual image, the rare complete unification of sound and vision. <br /> <This is a nice dub. I am madly in love with old English double, and this one explains a few things a little bit, but I was almost shocked by how closely these voices coincide with those (and those that very well coincide with the Japanese). Dola, in particular, is difficult to understand correctly, but Lichman plays the role of a flaming old pirate woman (her sons are not as good as the original). Paquin does an excellent job with the role of Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, although I knew that it was him early, more than talented enough to make a Mask (I liked other English dub Mask more, but Hamill is good). Most of the film lies on the shoulders of Pazu, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Listening to him, I thought that this team must have had access to another English dub, because the VDB is very close to the original Pazu. Although re-observing the dub is a reason for weaning off the faithful of otaku, as much as I love this film, I do not think that you are sacrificing much by simply looking at this particular version in English. Pixar’s Jon Lassiter of Pixar presents him in advance, and I suspect that he, like many others, just loves this film so much that they tried hard to ensure its high quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki achieved success in recent years in America with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films that didn’t bother me), but for me Laputa is still his main achievement. Anyone familiar with his later work will surely enjoy this earlier work, and, again, this film is a master in all its glory, striking every cylinder. I would pay big money to see it on the big screen; although this will probably never happen, it's nice to know that, at least, this classic has been preserved on DVD.
