By now you’ve probably heard a little about Disney’s new dubbing for Miyazaki’s classic film “Laputa: Castle in the Sky”. At the end of the summer of 1998, Disney released Kiki's Delivery Service on a video that included a preview of dub Laputa, which said he should be released in 1999. Obviously, last year he had already passed, but the dub was finally completed. And this is not “Laputa: Castle In The Sky”, but simply “Castle In The Sky” for dub, since “Laputa” is not a very good word in Spanish (although they often use the word “Laputa” throughout the dub). You also probably heard that the world famous composer Joe Hisaishi, who originally starred in the film, has returned to revive great music with new arrangements. Laputa came to My Neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa from the Valley of the Winds, in which the studio Ghibli began, and this is a long line of hits. And, in my opinion, I think this is one of the best Miyazaki films with a powerful lesson learned from this two-hour and four-minute pearl. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a film for all ages, and I urge everyone to watch it. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with the history of Castle in the Sky, the film begins at the very beginning and does not stop there. the next two hours. The stories are so flawless and expertly crafted that you see the true vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, this one is fantastic. The film begins with Shita, a girl with one damn past, when she is held captive by the government on a dirigible. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the castle in the sky and the long lost civilization. The key to Laputa is her sacred pendant, which is sought by many, namely the government, the military, and a group of pirate air forces, the Dola gang (which Shita and Pazu later became friends with). Soon the pirates attack the ship, and she escapes during the raid. She falls several thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to her pendant. When she comes down from the sky, Pazu, an orphan boy who survives working in the mines, sees Sheeta and catches her. These two become good friends, but thanks to her pendant, they fall into one huge exciting journey, when the gang of Dola and the government are trying to capture Sheeta. One sequence of actions after another, we study all the motives and personality of the character as we approach emotional and action-packed climax, which will surely delight everyone with its fantastic animation and excellent dialogue. Plus a few unexpected surprise. I think this film is just wonderful and works for two hours and four minutes. The story is wonderful when we enter the Hayao Miyazaki animation, which has no boundaries. A film setting is a combination of many time periods. It seems that this happened in the late 1800s, but this is some kind of alternative universe, possessing advanced technologies and weapons. Laputa is also an amazingly funny movie. The film has tons of funny moments almost equal to the drama and action that the film holds. I think the funniest part is the battle scene, where Patsu's boss fights with the pirate, and a riot broke out soon after. It's funny when we see how men compare their strength, and the music fits perfectly into it. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about how dub is put. An excellent cast gives excellent performances to liven up these characters. Young heartbreaker James Van Der Beek plays the hero Paz, who has a much more mature voice than in the Japanese version, where he sounded childish in the original. In any case, I think his voice blends well with Pazu. Anna Paquin, a young winner of the Oscar from the Piano, plays Sheet. This is also a good performance, but the voice is a bit uneven, it does not remain true to any accent. Sometimes it sounds like an American, like apple pie, but sometimes it sounds like someone from New Zealand. However, I liked the performance by Koris Lichman, who played Mama Dola. Not only is this an excellent presentation, but the voice and emotions that it gives the character really liven it up. If ever there was a live battle film Laputa (God forbid), she would be the one who will play it, you can just imagine it as (well, to some extent). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill - Muscat, and this is another Hamill record. You may be familiar with Hamill in a long line of sound after he made the original Star Wars films, but he makes Musk a complete evil. His voice sounds like his usual voice and mix of the Joker, which he played in many episodes of the animated series "Batman." Ends the cast of voice actor Jim Cummings, who copes with the work of the general, and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin - members of the gang Dola. <br /> <br /> Now let me tell you what this double deb does, recently arranged music by Joe Hisaishi For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi plays music, and, like all Miyazaki films, music is very catchy. Each of his scores has its characters, which are ideally suited to a particular film. Now these new arrangements are more like American ones, which, I think, was the goal of the new recordings. Don't worry, the classic tunes of the Japanese version are still here in great shape. I think that the score should sound like it is a Hollywood blockbuster. It has more power, more accent, it is cleaner and deeper. The prologue of the film, the first seconds when we get acquainted with airships, contains new music (I'm not sure, but I believe that when we first saw the ships, there was no music at all). But most of the music has new backgrounds and more background music to enjoy. Things seem very improved. In a powerful scene, the music is stronger than in the original versions. In a calm atmosphere calmer. In general, I think that many of you will be pleased with the new arrangements of the mixes, which I did very personally, and I personally believe that this helps to improve the film. I prefer the new account to the old one, and I hope that Disney will release or license the rights to music for a full-fledged soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another plus to dub is that the story remains true and many of the original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I am sure that several lines have been changed, and this is also the lines have been changed. But most of them are close or exactly correspond to the original lines and dialogues written by Miyazaki. I was afraid that some excellent lines would be cut, but they were untouched there. Also added some new lines that help. But I’m not sure if it’s a good or bad thing, Disney DIDN'T TRANSFER the final song, it was in Japanese. I was disappointed when they made brand new songs for Dubi Kiki, but with this version this is the original song ... in Japanese. So I think this is good, it is still original, but bad, since most people who see this dub speak English. <br /> <br /> This dub has a big negative side, and it concerns how the voices correspond to the character's lips. Of course, in any dub it won't be perfect, but I think that in Kiki and Mononoke the duplication of the lines that should fit was much better (and Disney had a little more time with this ...). Sometimes everything coincides perfectly, sometimes it does not at all coincide, and in rare cases someone says something, and her lips do not move at all (there is a scene when Shita laughs, and her mouth does not move a little). <br /> <br /> As for the film itself, these are my thoughts. I thought that the most amazing part of Laputa was the animation. From the initial episode to the finale, the animation is so lush and detailed that you just need to look with reverence. You see the true nature of each character, the true details of his face with an extremely close-up and actions. You must pay tribute to the efforts that these animators have invested in this film. Everything is so well done and beautifully painted by hand, it is like a moving piece of art. And I think it was done in the mid-1980s. The animation is very different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive flash, which is very different, but very good. And after all these years, the colors look as bright as before. Laputa also has many sequences of actions, many air battles, plus several on the ground. These episodes are so well made and so intriguing that it is scary that they are comparable to a fighter with a large budget. And the finale is what you MUST see. The sound effects are clean and classic and are suitable for explosions, shooting weapons and everything else is good. And, as with all Miyazaki films, everyone focuses on his own theme (for example, Kiki: Confidence). It has a great lesson about greed and power. People do not understand how greed can capture you, and how too much power is not good. People are obsessed with power and are greedy, and the main villain, Muska, demonstrates this very well. <br /> <br /> In general, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great movie from the start, and it has improved for the most part. I am glad that a wider audience has a chance to see this classic animated film in all its glory. With a great vocal composition that did a lot in the film with an excellent reworked musical score from Joe Hisaishi, Disney did an excellent job in this dub and is quite worthy. Although I think the voices were better matched on the Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney CDs, Castle In The Sky is still a great dub and worth a lot of delays, because now a fantastic movie can give more.
