Regardless of personal opinion about the grotesque, but beautiful jewel “La bête” by Valerian Borovchik of 1975, it must be admitted that this quaint gem is an absolutely unique cinematic experience. Borovchik's erotic tale has been banned in several countries for a long time, and it is obvious why this scandalous gem fell victim to stupid censorship of the cinema. “La bête” is a fascinating mixture of an intense and beautiful fairy-tale atmosphere, a rather obvious erotica and genuine oddity, which boldly refuses to make any compromise. The fact that bestiality (in some way) is one of the central themes of the film certainly did not help him with censorship, but made it extremely controversial and, therefore, known to a wide audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l'Esperance (Guy Trezhan), head of the French aristocratic family, arranged for his somewhat crazy son Maturin (Pierre Benedetti) to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbet Hammel), a young and beautiful rich daughter English family. Because of the old curse of Uncle Mathurin (Marcel Dallot), it’s strongly against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrive on a French estate, Lucy is immediately fascinated by a portrait of an ancestor of the 18th century Romilda (Sirpa Lane) and an old book with fancy drawings. Soon the story turns into a strange dream about sexual fever ... Without giving away too much, I can say that fans of an exceptional movie should not think about skipping this film. No matter how strange he is, “La bête” is undoubtedly also stunningly beautiful in style, settings and cinematography. The atmosphere of feverish sleep is present inside and outside the sleep sequences. The manor house and the imposing family mansion are great places, and the beautiful score and incredible cinematography create an amazing atmosphere for this grotesque story. Very frank sexuality varies from erotic (elegant female nudity, amazing actresses) to seriously crazy and even somewhat disgusting (close-ups on the genitals of horses during intercourse, ...); in any case, it is unlikely to be forgotten. The whole cast of “La bête” is fantastic, and all the participants demonstrate great performances of eccentric characters (some of which are seriously crazy). The film benefits from an exceptionally beautiful cast, whether it is Lisbet Hummel in the lead role, Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who, unfortunately, died of AIDS in 1999) as the ancestor in films, or the relatively unknown but especially delightful actress Pascal Rivo who plays an aristocratic daughter who takes the opportunity to have sex with a black servant in the closet. <br /> <br /> I deliberately do not give a complete description of the most important parts of the plot, since they just have to be seen to be believed. Some scenes are one of the most bizarre ever filmed on film, among them definitely scenes with the same “beast”. Of course, not everyone has a cup of tea, but it is highly recommended to lovers of scandalous and unusual movies. This cult stone!
