La Bête (French, 1975, aka The Beast) by Polish film director Valerian Borovchik is one of the most scandalous and audacious films ever made, and very good. This film tells about everything that was usually concealed and denied about our nature and our sexual nature, in particular, with the symbolism and silence of its images. Images may look wild, perverse, “sick” or exciting, but they are all related to the last mentioned. Sex, desire and death are very strong and primary and dominate all flesh in which there is a human soul. They interest and tempt us so much (and by our nature) that they are considered scary, unacceptable and too wild to be true. <br /> <br /> An exquisite young woman travels with her mother in a French village to meet her future husband, with whom she had some kind of romance. All of them are very exciting, and parents and relatives of each other are looking forward to new people arriving in their families. The innocence of a young bride shines through, and no one knows what can happen and wake up in the walls of a large and beautiful French mansion with all its people and animals, and the mysterious “la bethe”, which turns out to be something that the characters, as well as most of the film’s audience , could never imagine that they are real and (in front of them). <br /> <br /> A film about the same theme as Canadian David Cronenberg’s debut film Shivers (1975). It takes place inside a huge luxurious building, in which destructive and bloodthirsty parasites spread from person to person through sexual contact and force people to act violently and violently in their thirst for pleasure and execution of instincts. Man has instincts that can be stronger than his will, and therefore these instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of some other animal, beast, be it bloodthirsty, revenge, or sex and carnal pleasure. People are only animals with intelligence and tools to transmit it, but since we are also animals, this intelligence is not always used too often, as can be seen anywhere around us. The film opens very, and very shockingly for most hypocritical views, showing an agitated male raging in rage when he is waiting to enter the mare and continue the race, but the rage and visible lust that we see from his eyes and violent movements are key elements of this beginning and why it is there, and not close-ups of organs that could be so easily stated. A horse is a beast that fights in an almost unbearable heat, in a heat that is much stronger than his will, because at this moment he no longer has any control. The power of instinct makes the animal a beast. <br /> <br /> After a memorable start, the characters get to know each other, and the film fantastically has all the necessary age groups, starting with young innocent children who are waiting to grow up. and evolve to its heyday, to adults and elders, who all represent their own part of life, creating the face of human life on the screen. The film does not necessarily need more characters, as all the important ones already exist and represent the entire race, including urban and rural residents, and both sexes. The mansion awakens the sexy hero-girl when she sees how the horses mate and behave as if she had never thought about it. For the first time, she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost vital for her and her body, for example, to drink water when you are very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film, since she lived unaware of these things within herself, with his mother and the camera and the guy with the letter, although things only waited for the moment to break out. The flesh desires the flesh, and this refers to being human, but still these things are not so easily tolerated everywhere, and films like these, trying to portray it, will be banned for decades? Human stupidity and unwillingness to interpret images should not be an argument that the film was banned or otherwise disturbed. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the film are as important as the beginning, and once again show how powerful the movie is. without unnecessary words and conversations. When the girl and the audience realize that her body begins to feel and desire, she begins to dream of a mysterious monster, which turns out to be nothing more than the stripped form of ourselves living in the forest without other people / animals next to it. The dream sequence is one that causes and provokes a big controversy along with the general direct and honest attitude of the film, and the images are as easy to judge as “perverted” and “pornographic”, without the courage to go deeper into them. by what we see. Images exciting in a dream, as well as ultimately in a dream for the human (more) nature of sleep, and Borovchik forces us to recognize this as images that are so close to a “normal” sexual act between a man and a woman, this is a beautiful thing and an expression of love, one human need. In addition, the numerous and cunning-black humorous love scenes in the mansion, between a young mother and a black servant, are repeatedly interrupted when someone shouts about a servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young people are bodies that are together and are interrupted. angry cry, at least, no longer be pleasant after the break. Borovchik managed to draw his images so beautiful and “sensitive” that his message is almost impossible to misunderstand, but nothing is impossible for our cultures and minds criticizing art. It uses dialogs only when necessary, otherwise the images make the work and make the film powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is also present, because the flesh dies sooner or later, after many years of life and instincts, it dies. The ending is inevitable, but the meaning of the sequence of dreams could be just as powerful, if not for the dramatic and “revealing” finale. Another damn humorous element appears when we see shocked city women running out of the place in which they saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited the mansion of truth about the flesh, us and them. The film reminds me of The Eye of the French writer Georges Bataille with the same story about eroticism, death, and how both of them are always connected with the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic just like this film, and it’s natural that both were accused of their “too explicit” content and other minor comments that are equally worthy of attention. <br /> <br /> Borovchik’s film is also very beautiful visually along with its rough honesty, and nature and the forest rarely look as bright and vibrant as in this film. The sun shines through the trees and everywhere where people live, and its beauty is always present, as is the deformity that the inhabitants of the world produce. Every innocent white sheep in our world is a selfish, evil and terrible beast, and therefore the mind that was given to us never fully overcomes the power of our evil instincts and the other side of the sheep that is present in every human soul. keep the dark side passive and not active. Performing some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and using this intelligence and seeing which of the instincts are good and which are bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence and the deadly and destructive circle created by them. Man is nothing more than an animal with an intellect, an intellect that is so easy to forget and eat into the background thanks to things that feel better and more satisfying at each and possibly sudden moment. Borovchik’s film is a masterpiece, an unforgettable and clever piece of magic cinema with a timeless theme, as well as an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given to a cinematographer who is also only a human being.
