Well ... it's strange .... Honestly, I can't tell you all the internal plot points of the Beast, because I started to lose interest when nothing happened during the first 45 minutes or more — but just wait, he definitely picks up "... <br /> <br /> The plot tells about a monster in the forest, which some French aristocratic woman once snatched. In the end, you see the "Beast", like a guy in a giant rat bear costume with a rooster attached to him. The scene takes place with a female aristocrat, running around the forest in search of a lost sheep. The sheep ends in death, and the woman becomes frightened. The beast pops up, rapes the chick and shoots 400 gallons of sperm at it. In the end, the chick begins to enjoy the "attention" of the beast, which leads to some rather original simulated sex scenes, including an incredibly erotic foot masturbation scene, where the woman jerks the beast with her legs, while the monster shoots huge loads everywhere (yes, I have a perverted foot-fetish - so sue me ....) ... The whole movie is told in flashbacks and verbose conversational scenes, which are usually a bit tedious. Shocking, but predictable ending completes this extremely strange film ... <br /> <br /> “The Beast” is a film that I find quite difficult to evaluate. The cinema itself is quite attractive, and the scenery, costumes and locations are thought out. The plot is a little confused and seems to take it very seriously, because in the end it turns out such an unintentionally hilarious movie about a chick that holds a bear rat. Lots of boobs, asses and hairy 70s French bushes to help make up for the boring first half of the movie. I have to honestly say that if it were not for the graphic scenes of the Beast crawling all over the desired virgin, this film would be a real bore - unless you like boring dialogue and some graphic equestrian sex (the beginning has a VERY close and personal exposure scene two horses, including the vagina of a female horse, covered with a pulsation and spanked ... Yum !!!). But the sexual scene of the Beast is so strange and so refreshing everything else in the film that I have to say that these scenes alone compensate for what would otherwise be a real prankster. I have to recommend him to anyone who thinks he saw it all - the rape of the Beast really exists and something can be seen. Also recommended for fans of grubby 70s / 80s films - this rating is pretty high for them. It is worth looking at you sick rat bear patients who love atrocities (like me) ... 8/10
