If, like me, you want your films to be unique, and unlike most other films, then I fully recommend you watch The Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic, fairytale tale about a mythological “monster”, which, according to rumors, wanders through the French mansion and craves women. The film is very audacious with subject matter, and this is what he should be given credit for. The topic of bestiality is a definite taboo, and I can add that there are good reasons for this; but the film conveys this; straight and to the point. As in other films that deal with the topic of taboos in their center, the Beast could get around this and force us to use our imagination to fill in the gaps, but Borovchik did not, and he dared in this regard, especially if making such a film would leave open to all sorts of criticism, but the fact that he did it, in my opinion, means a big thumbs up for a guy. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a sequence that sees a male Randy horse sit on a woman. This newcomer puts an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience, in some way, for the incredible tour of eroticism that they are about to see. The scenes in which the beast meets with a woman are unreasonable and shocking and will surely offend many people (therefore, the reason was forbidden for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not just a reason for Borovchik to shock the viewer; This film has a defining point. As stated during the film; the only difference between man and animal is mind. Man and animal have instincts, only man knows how to control them. The Beast explores this difference between man and animal through sexuality; the fantasy sequence in which the beast appears embodies control over human desire, and only when the central female character releases her control can she see the beast. The film contains strong themes of the age-old story about "beauty and the beast", and in general it is a disgustingly painful story about lust, but not without morality. <br /> <br /> Many criticize the scene. around the shocking sexual episodes of the film for boredom, but these scenes are important for the history of the film. Without these scenes we would not recognize the characters or the story of the beast, and, most importantly; the story "Beauty and the Beast" could not have led to the horrific conclusion of the audience, and this is one of the key elements of the film; that would be a real shame. In addition, Borovchik entertains his audience in these scenes not with shock, but with dialogue and the personality of the upper class family, as well as beautiful pictures of the mansion’s land, and therefore the sharp contrast between this and the events that occurred later in the film . <br /> <br /> Overall, The Beast is a shocking movie. This is an image of a taboo subject, and the shocking way in which it is depicted ensures that this film is not for everyone. However, if you can overcome the shock of the film and hug the Beast; what awaits is a skillful and beautiful work of art that should not be missed by anyone who wants to give this film a chance.
