This is one of the strangest films I've watched recently. This is because it is not like a film, but an experimental film. Kurasawa's experiment was to collect a lot of people who live in a garbage dump and weave their experience into a tapestry, which gives an idea of ​​their usually harsh existence. Not every episode is depressing and sharp, but overall it is definitely a tone. Let's see ... we have a case of incest / rape, attempted murder, wife exchange, alcoholism, infidelity, the death of a little boy after eating a spoiled fish, a man with severe depression (he never talks during the film and looks like a very scary dreamer who is likely to be diagnosed with schizophrenia, a mentally retarded young man who considers himself a conductor of a street car and spends all his waking moments, “driving” his street car along paths among piles of garbage the one the absolute obstinate is married to (I think I liked her character even less than the incestuous rapist!), etc., etc. In fact, it is so depressing that it almost looked like a film set Ingmar Bergman's film in Japan, because Bergman made MANY films tended to deal with mental illness and the hopelessness of life. Is it any wonder that after creating this film, Kurasawa tried to commit suicide? So did I like it? No, it was not a fun experience. But it was a very well made film that definitely held my attention, and as a result I really wanted to see what happened to these people. It was like watching a train derailment - you don't want to see the whole massacre, but you can't help but watch! Of all the vignettes, I think that an older person who tended to look after everyone and who actually did not fit (he was too well adapted and wise to live in a garbage dump) might have been represented by Kurasawa himself. May be. I dont know. <br /> <br /> If you have seen a lot of Kurasawa films and you have a lot of access to strange movies, give it a watch. However, do NOT make it your first experience of watching his films - this will surely scare many viewers!
