Most people, when they think of expressionism cinema, look at black and white German films of silent and early sound — films that emphasize inclined angles, extreme contrasts of light and dark, exaggerated performance and the occasional use of surrealism to create a dream-like atmosphere, to deviate from the traditional, naturalistic ways of cinematic representation. If we agree that the Germans were not the only directors who created expressionist films (and that these characteristics mentioned above are not necessary conditions for an expressionist film), then I would say that Dodeska-den (DDC) is a prime example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD is a little upset with Kurosawa’s movie, indulging in unreal. However, unlike Dreams, DKD is a great movie and probably my favorite picture of Kurosawa. What for? Basically, I think these are colors. I believe that this was Kurosawa's first color film, and this person saturates the film with bright primary colors, creating a completely unrealistic modern Japan. We are used to neon lights and glittering Tokyo skyscrapers; we are not used to the city, which seems to be painted with crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a kind of film, since many of its characters live in a landfill and live in an alternate universe. In this, I think, the essence is the Tokyo outsiders, people left behind during the great advance after World War II. The film also features one of Kurosawa’s most soulful films; here there are sincere feelings and real pathos (for example, when the boy’s father describes his dream home). This is an amazingly touching film from a man better known for his stunning views and samurai that look like John Ford. Everyone should have known that Kurosawa made a film in him as a touching and thought-provoking one (Ikiru foreshadows in many ways the emotional resonance of this film). <br /> <br /> I will also prove to the end that this is Kurosawa's greatest achievement. His samurai films, although capable of painting, turn pale compared with the works of Kobayashi (Harakiri is the greatest, smartest samurai film dedicated to celluloid). “Rashomon”, “Hidden Fortress”, “Seven Samurai”, “Yojimbo”, “Sanjuro”, “Kagemusha” and “Ran” are great films, but they are just good (and frankly, I think this word is too generously for the “Hidden Fortress” and “Kagemusha”). DDC is a great movie, like Iciru. They are the crown jewels that show that Akira was not a samurai pony. They reveal his mastery and mastery of the cinema.
