If Akira Kurosawa did something wrong, creating Dodeskänden, he did it with a partnership that he formed with the “four knights” (the other three were Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a big blockbuster to hit their partnership, and instead Kurosawa, perhaps the group's main cheese, released an abstract, humanistic feature film with characters living in a devastated slum, many of whom were faced with dark tragedies. If he did this on a more independent basis or went to another studio, which knows, but precisely because of this, among some other financial and creative problems, this also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. And yet, at the end of that day, as an artist, Kurosawa never ceased to show what he is notorious for his dramas: the strengths of the human spirit in the face of disaster. The fact that his background is a little more unusual than most should not be ignored, but this is not Kurosawa’s fault at all. <br /> <br /> The material in the Dodeskade absorbs, but not so much that everyone usually finds from the director, and mainly because it is driven by character instead of conspiracy. There are things that happen to these people, and the task of Kurosawa here is to rally them into one whole. The character that begins in the picture, oddly enough (although, fortunately, he doesn’t have much room for growth), this is Rokkuchan, a man-child with a damaged brain that makes train sounds all day (the “gentle knock” title) only occasionally stopping to pray for his mother. But then we branch out: there is a father and a son, the last one who is looking for restaurants for food, and the first one that continues and continues with the site-specific descriptions of his dream home; an older man looks like death, and we will find out later that he lost a lot more than he would tell most people, including a woman who has a past; a shy, quiet woman who works in slavery with her adoptive father (or uncle, I am not sure) who rapes her; and the meek guy in a suit, who has a constant tick on his face and a big foul wife for those who communicate with others. <br /> <br /> There are also small signs of people around these characters, like two drunkards, who keep stumbling every night, like clockwork, making great demands on their spouses, sometimes (unintentionally) changing them! And on the bike there is a kind sake seller who has a pleasant, but strange connection with a shy, quiet woman. And, of course, there is a group of gossips squatting around a waterhole in the middle of the slums, not having anything too good to say about anyone, if it’s not something erotic with a guy. First of all, pay attention to how Kurosawa sets up the picture; it's a bit post-apocalyptic, despite some specific time or place (that is, until we see modern cars and streets in a couple of shots). This is a marginalized society, but the problems of these people, albeit on a tragic scale, must be destroyed by means of dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa is going to cut through the broken emotions of people, especially in one scene, when a mortally-looking man with empty sad eyes sits in silence, tearing at clothes when a woman walks with her. <br /> Sometimes there is a charm, and even some laugh to be with these people. I even liked, perhaps ironically, small moments with Rokkuchan (especially with Kurosawa’s cameo as an artist on the street) or awkward silence with a man with facial features. But while Kurosawa provides his actors with space for improvisation, his camera movements remain the same as they have always been patient, but alert, with wide compositions and claustrophobic frames, picturesque visions and faces, sometimes with a stylized silent drama intended for crying , Among these sometimes strange and touching stories, some of them (that is, father and son in the car) are especially sad, Kurosawa lights his film and develops a color scheme as his first in Eastmancolor, as if bottom of his paintings. Magnificent, stretching, sometimes spilling at the seams, but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; this is similar to how an abstract phenomenon flashed on the stage, where things look bright, but under them is much darker. This is a brilliant, cunning, double-edged sword, which allows you to create intonations, like dreams, in such a heavy drama. <br /> <br /> With Toru Takemitsu's sweet “film” (also responsible for the Run) and some superb performances from the actors and a few indelible scenes in a fantastic career, Dodeska-den is in its own way insignificant work of the director, but less, almost perfect on its own terms, which, like in many dramas of Kurosawa, such as Ikira and Red Beard, holds strict truths about the human condition without much sentimentality.
