Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon starred in two films for two years. One of them is considered one of the greatest romantic films of all time, and the film that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave Oberon her best executive role): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. The other is a film made in England a year earlier. LADY X'S DIVORCE is a romantic comedy (as WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is the lawyer Everard Logan, a dynamic lawyer, but also a woman hater. One night he is settled in a hotel right in front of a crowd of people. This is a very foggy night (a type of pea soup mist, which London was famous for until the notorious “murderous” mist in the 1950s), and the crowd (who attended a party at the hotel) needed beds. Leadership is trying to make Logan allow one or two social ladies to sleep on the couch and couch in their rooms, but he refuses. But he did not reckon with Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. To the grand daughter of a high court judge, she manages to penetrate Logan’s rooms and manipulate them so that he not only agrees to sleep there, but also gives him a bed (he goes on the sofa to his great discomfort). <br /> <br /> The next day they shared their breakfast, and in a little conversation it is clear that, despite the distrust of women, Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But she kitty refuses to give him his name. She is determined to learn more about him, and she finds his attitude towards women enraged. In the meantime, a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson in the role of Lord of Peace) addresses Logan as a potential client. Just suspects that his wife Lady Mary (Binnie Barnes) was having an affair. In fact, he tells Logan that her ladyship was with her lover in a hotel, that Logan knows that he was in a fog at night. Logan (naturally) concludes that Lady Mary was his mysterious roommate that night. I will not go further into the conspiracy, except that I will say that Leslie will eventually understand what mistake Logan has made and decide to use it to teach him a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> The script has the feeling of a Woodhouse novel, but it's a little slower. However, the performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes, and Morton Selden (as Oberon’s grandfather) are magnificent. He shows what a good cast is capable of, even with the slightest material. Take a look at some of the minor scenes to see what I mean: Selden's first scene, in which he complains of his weak coffee to his butler / valet, who is giving him a proper account (they have been used to each other’s personalities for years). Or Olivier, who deals with a young clerk in his office, who is sure that two minutes ago there were two ladies in the office, Maris (there were, but Oberon and Barnes left together), and ends up being a poor clerk. Or a waiter in a hotel who cannot understand why the tenant in Olivier’s room is constantly changing from man to woman to man. As I said, a small charming comedy - but she is very charming.
