Galactic Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> What I know little about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, it was first published as a popular manga in the 1970s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is in the same Star Wars space universe as Matsumoto’s other famous space manga: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact, the space pirate Harlock and other characters from this manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochiro Oyama) appear in GE999. GE999 was successful as a manga and soon followed a popular anime series that included over 100 episodes. It was shown in 1978. A year later, this anime film was released, which is not a continuation of the series, but summarizes the main points of the story in a two-hour film. <br /> <br /> The story unfolds in an unidentified future type of Star Wars, where it became possible to travel to different planets. People of the future may have mechanical bodies in which they can live for hundreds of years, maybe even forever. The main character, Tetsuro Hoshino, is a young boy who testifies to how a cruel count of Mech, whose whole body consists of mechanical parts, kills Tetsuro's mother. Tetsuro swears revenge and is convinced that it can only be achieved with the help of a mechanical body. To get it, he must travel to a distant planet with the Galaxy Express 999 space train. However, since Tetsuro comes from poverty, he does not have money to get an expensive ticket. By coincidence, he meets a beautiful young woman named Mathel, who looks like her dead mother. Mathel offers a ticket to Tetsuro on the condition that she accompanies him on his journey. So the journey begins. <br /> <br /> I first saw this film in October last year, after about six months and again yesterday. I feel that I must first talk about what worried me most about this film: it seems very hurried. Again, what can you expect from a two-hour film that highlights the highlights of more than 100 episodes? Be that as it may, situations change with great speed, and Tetsuro meets with other important characters in this story mostly by sheer coincidence. I feel that the creators should have missed something or included an extra 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, it cannot be argued that the GE999 has earned its place as an anime classic. The animation itself, very faithful to the Matsumoto manga style, is detailed and beautiful to watch. Even almost 30 years after the release of the animation, the animation is not outdated, but it confuses many more recent anime films. It is pleasant to listen to the music from the movie, even if it is somewhat “old” today (after all, it was the 70s). I have not heard any English dub of this film, so I can only comment on the Japanese sound, which is good. Voice actors give life to their characters, the most memorable of which are Masako Nozawa (mostly known as Goku's voice in the entire Dragon Ball saga) as the excited and young Tetsuro, and Masako Ikeda as the calm and mysterious Mathel. Auxiliary characters do not remain in the shadows, but live their lives, the most memorable for me is the waitress Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable both for those who are looking for entertainment for a couple of hours, and for those who are trying to find deeper messages. GE999 is an exciting adventure film, but it can also be viewed as Tetsuro's journey from childhood to adulthood. The whole film is told from his point of view, so we have to feel what he feels. I think that many people can relate to Tetsuro, because, despite the elements of fantasy, he is a very realistic character: young, hot, awkward and naive. We follow him when he begins to see the differences between people and machines and comes to the conclusion whether he wants a mechanical body or not. Mathel, on the other hand, remains a mystery in the film, and even at the end, when she reveals who and what she really is, she does little. Matel can be seen as the dream of a growing young man, always near, but just out of reach. <br /> <br /> This is a strange, but wonderful relationship between Tetsuro and Matel, who still awaken conversations and questions, and fascinate after decades. People argue whether their relationship is two friends, a mother and a son, or two possible lovers (which causes a lot of criticism, since Mathel's age is unknown, and Tetsuro has not even reached puberty yet). Without any means of sounding deeply, I think the best term for describing them is “soul mates”. There is no doubt that they feel loyalty, care and love for each other, but this goes beyond friendship, family and lovers. I think that if their relationship were filled with any of these categories, it would take away something from the entire movie and characters. The final scene, even if you already know what will happen, is still very moving and memorable. <br /> <br /> In general, despite the bustle of the plot and some banal scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 takes its place as a classic anime among such films as Akira by Katsuhiro Otomo (1988) and Ghost in the Shell by Mamoru Hosea (1995). The film is directed by Rintaro, who had previous experience with Leiji Matsumoto when he worked on the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later, Rinatro shot a wonderful METROPOLIS (2001), which also questions the difference between people and cars. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that every anime fan should see at least once.
