I ran into this a few years ago while surfing the canal on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was clearly a cheesy 70s television film, the direction and score was well done, and it caught my attention, and, indeed, I was intrigued and had to watch it to the end. I recently received the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of this film (unfortunately, I did not notice that the home movie finally came out a couple of months ago), and I was very glad to have the opportunity to watch it again (and completely). . <br /> <br /> I do not quite understand this phenomenon, but somehow the 70s seem to be blocking horror films, which are really scary. During the decades preceding the 70s, beautiful films and most of our horror badges were made, but are they really scary? No, not very Similarly, over the years since the 70s, we have received horror films that are cooler, more exciting, have much better performance and complex special effects, are more fun, funny, have effective "jump" moments and some very creative ways to use blood. but again ... they are not very scary! There is something in the atmosphere of the horror films of the 70s. The quality of the granular film. Creepy dark scenes, not lit by huge high-tech lighting devices. "The land of the country of dreams" muffled the quality of the dialogue and the strange and sharp estimates of the equalizer. A strange feeling of awkwardness and disgrace permeates everything. Everything that works to undermine most films of the 70s, in the case of horror, works for him. <br /> <br /> In particular, in this film, the quiet, intense shots of a devilish dog that has set people down are rather unnerving. Much more effective than if they took a more obvious path when the dog growls, hurts and is clearly hostile (“Cujo”?). The filmmakers wisely retain this when the dog appears in its supernatural form. The effects when it happens, though not sophisticated by today's standards, literally made me catch a cold. Quaint, vaguely defined, “I'm not quite sure what I'm looking at” the look intuitively strikes me more like what real supernatural vision will be, and not at the super-real, crystal clear optical printer / digital composer of confectionery of modern horror films. <br /> <br /> Although the human characters in this film do not look as good as their sworn enemy or the world in which they live, all the actors do a decent job. Mating a brother and sister from the "Witch Mountain" movies is, like, yes, brother and sister, pretty silly, but they do an excellent job. Yvette Mime, always manages to be spectacular, if it is not impressive. Richard Krenna gets more and more sympathy from the audience as the film progresses. His self-doubt, when he asks whether his family’s alienity is really caused by a supernatural conspiracy, or simply gives in to paranoid schizophrenia, does a pretty good job, although his thought that obtaining a routine physical condition can give an explanation to what he is experiencing, absurd in his naivety. <br /> <br /> The ending of the “The End-Question-Mark” movie is one of the few that I've seen, which is not like a cheap trick, and actually made me think about the choices that these characters will face, and what they are most likely to do, and how they will relate to this. <br /> <br /> Foes of this film may say that this is just a full-length car for some psychiatrists. glowing retina shots, but hey, you could say the same thing about "Blade Runner." :-)
