This 1953 film by Sam Fuller contains some of his best work, and it is regrettable that he could not continue to receive the support of major Hollywood studios to carry out his work. The storyline goes something like this. On a hot summer day, a tough fat woman (read a prostitute) goes to the subway, and Skip McCoy chooses her wallet. What Skip (and the lady) do not understand is the fact that she has a microfilm to be transferred to the spies. This debut, made without dialogue, and mostly in close close-ups, is beauty, one of many that Fuller uses in the film. In the role of the baby, known as Candy, is played by Gene Peters, who has never been better and better. One forgets how beautiful she was, and she does an excellent job with this role. Richard Widmark plays in The Pickpocket, who already made his mark and established his style in The Kiss of Death of 1947, like a crazy scum with a terrible laugh, and although he is a bit softer, he is still scary. These sharp-edged characters have weaknesses here and there, but their noir and filth all the way. The outstanding performance belongs to the wonderful Thelme Ritter, who plays My-Kalashka, saving up her dough to pay for her own funeral. Ritter received a well-deserved Oscar nomination for her performance, but lost to the boring but popular performance of Donna Reed as a girl Bee (read prostitutes) in “From here to eternity.” Hollywood likes it when a good girl becomes bad and he loves Oscar, although their performances are usually terrible. See, for example, Shirley Jones in the film "Elmer Gentry." Located among the docks and dives of New York, with a clear black and white photograph of the great Joe MacDonald and some very good art performances. Especially good is the set representing New York. subway and Widmark hut by the river. Made in the midst of the cold war and panic, the villain of the play is the usual commeister played by Richard Keeley, who is much more dangerous than the pickpocket who is a criminal but just trying to make a living and, above all, a loyal American.
