In that, probably, will fall into my list of the best films of Fuller (that is, when I will see more of them, besides this and Shock Corridor), “Pickup on South Street” is the film “Noir, where the femme fatale and hero "man" are not stereotyped in the genre. Like most of his other works, Fuller brings his own experience and sense of New York style, which is usually absent in Hollywood noirs. On a small budget - at least for people like Darryl F. Zanuck - Fuller and his actors create characters that they like even in such a gloomy atmosphere. Good guys are mostly those who will not be cruel to you, even if they are looking for an extra dollar. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, Gene Peters and Thelma Ritter are great in the lead roles. Widmark is one of the few actors I can think of who could actually cope with this character. He is a bit like Bugs Bunny, as he can be wise and a little tricky. On the other hand, the character Skip McCoy has many values ​​in his life. He does not deal with other people's affairs and does not care for the greater part of the working world outside of his little hut on the river after he was sent off for three years. He quietly slipped over to him when he stole a woman (Peters) on the train and picked up an item that was under the scrutiny of the government. He may have some secrets that can bring him a lot of money. But at what cost is the central part of the film, since it involves Stuli Mo (Ritter is one of the best and most believable characters from that period), a former woman (changeable Kili) and a police department. br /> <br /> In addition to thematic elements that are set out in a sharp dramatic, journalistic style (like Fuller’s previous position with the boxer), the dialogue is fresh and interesting. Fuller’s many camera movements have spontaneity. And what a third act. This is a meager, dense film noir, which is worth seeing, even if you are not familiar with Fuller (this is relatively less strange than some of his later works).
