This film is a spicy little piece of Sam Fuller’s film that gives Richard Widmark a chance to show off some of his best, hottest roles as Skip McCoy, the little thief who stumbled over military secrets while picking up Candy's beautiful pocket (Jean Peters) in a crowded bus. . It turns out that Candy is doing a favor to his (former?) Guy who works for “commies”. <br /> <br /> At first glance, there is a mystery about Candy’s motives, while Skip spends most of the film, identifying its motives ??. In fact, he, it seems, just initially assumes that she is a “communist”, goes so far that she pours beer in the face with a tough gesture. But the real question? what happens to skip? What are his motives, and why does Candy love him so much? Why do we (the audience) want to love him so much? In essence, what the directors have done here is the creation of a striking "male fatal factor" in Widmark's character and his performance. Just as the male audience tends to reflect on the length of the film, such as “Big Dream” or “The Glass Key”, along with the main characters, whether the female character deserves trust or just a beautiful face, the filmmakers created a similar difficulty for female viewers. . Vidmark is handsome, but in his boyish recklessness there is a charm ?? but the first two times he meets our leading lady, he robs her and then slaps her on the face. In the end the question becomes ?? Skip will fall so low that he will sell his country for a dollar (his police comments: “Do you wave my flag?”, Makes us suspect that he will do it), or does he just want to avenge his friend Mo (Thelma Ritter) for the murder? I'm not sure the film gives us the final answer anyway. <br /> <br /> The characteristic work of Thelma Ritter deserves special mention ?? she created a truly indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give her a lot of "cases" ?? in the form of physical objects that she uses to attract an audience into her world, especially her used connections. Another example of Fuller’s “business” could be the scene with Victor Perry (an actor I’ve seen in other places, used to a lesser effect) using chopsticks to intimidate Candy. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on Mo’s relationship with the Pass is one of the most revealing themes of “honor among thieves”. In fact, Skip has the same ease and the same casual relationship with the police, with the exception of the notable captain Tiger (Mourvin Wai), who is unhappy with him. I liked the scene where he invited the cops by name and offered them a beer when they came to pick him up at the shack. Are these the details that make this movie real? is it really “realistic” or does it matter, these are completely different questions. <br /> <br /> In general, I would say that this is the most important crime film that displays many of the best and most enduring qualities. cinema school "noir". The predictable plot is compensated by a variety of colorful characters (equally well executed), cheap sets are masked by the unrelenting pace of the film, and the final product seems much more significant than is possible. This is the best movie I've ever seen Sam Fuller, and he helps me better understand why he is considered the main director ?? here he did some things that, I think, he tried, but ultimately could not do in other films, such as “Crimson Kimono” and “Shock Corridor”, in terms of very expressive playing styles and really exciting waiting Is this one of my favorite views from Widmark that I have seen so far? and Widmark was a talent that I would like to say (based on several unusual films I saw with him) was comparable to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he may not have made many classic films.
