“Shock Corridor” (1963) was my first film by Samuel Fuller, and there I was struck by the insightful confusion of the director of B-cinema and high-budget aesthetics, even if the story itself was pure nonsense. Pickup on South Street (1953) was released ten years earlier in Fuller's career and, obviously, was released with a large budget from the famous studio Twentieth Century-Fox. Nevertheless, the visual effects are still remarkable in that there is some kind of rough, naturalistic element in the photo that differs little from Dassin's "Night and the City (1950)" and Kazan's "Panic in the Streets (1950)" {the latter was shot by cinematographer Joe MacDonald}. In some scenes, Fuller pushes the camera so close to the faces of his actors that they are not in focus, directly recording intimate thoughts, emotions and short intonations that are transmitted through this most revealing facial feature, the eye. Although (unexpectedly) prone to melodrama and with a slight hint of anti-communist propaganda, “Pickup on South Street” is the powerful noir film that most succeeded in setting the incarnation ?? New York City subway. <br /> <br /> When the pickpocket Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) just released from prison shoves a woman’s wallet on the subway (Gene Peters), he puts it in his pocket more than he does. ” I initially bargained. The woman, Candy, and her cowardly ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Keely) were smuggling top-secret information for the Communists, and McCoy unexpectedly discovered an important roll of microfilm. Will he give MacGuffin to the appropriate authorities or sell it to the highest bidder? If “Pickup on South Street” has a flaw, then this is what history seems to be intended solely to support an anti-communist agenda, smelly propaganda like nothing since World War II {Dwight Taylor, who provided this story, also especially wrote “The Thin Man Goes” House (1944), “the only propaganda film of the series”. For no apparent reason, every recognizable character is even a smug self-serving Skip McCoy ?? eventually becomes a selfless patriot, transformation is predictable from the very beginning. In the traditional film “Noir,” the culprit always receives retribution, a reasonable punishment for their sins, but, obviously, not when they serve their country; Patriotism wipes slate. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actor who really starts to like me, plays in a haughty pickpocket with composure, although always with that hint of ease, which suggests that he bites more than he can chew. The first scene on the train is the best in the film, as McCoy, breathless and silent, fishes in the bag of his victim, recalling Bresson's Pickpocket (1959). Thelma Ritter is awesome as a weary street woman who will sell information to anyone who is willing to pay for her (although, of course, she draws a line in Commies). Gene Peters is well played as a crappy lady, passing information to the other side, playing a role that is almost completely devoid of glamor; Fuller reportedly drew the actress’s attention to the fact that she had a prostitute stand slightly bowed at her feet. However, Peters must survive a flimsy affair with Widmark, which really stops the film's attempts to realize realism. Surprisingly, after his release, Pickup on South Street, the FBI was quickly condemned as communist propaganda, and the Communist Party condemned him for the exact opposite. Go figure it out.
