This epic of Cecil B. DeMille about the old West contains what may be the best performance of Jean Arthur as a hysterical, eccentric, incurably immoral, but devotedly loving Calamity Jane. She really handled it! Gary Cooper in his most silent, but sometimes utters meaningful statements: "The plains are large, but the paths intersect ... sometimes." History is a substitution to put an end to all fakes. It seems that there are all the cowboy heroes of Western knowledge, except for Jesse James. Even Abraham Lincoln reveals the story in person (or, at least, DeMille will make us believe it). There is no place for something as fleeting as refinement; it is a fairy tale for the people to “stomp on their faces.” However, it is noteworthy in this film that this is a very early complete frontal attack on what Eisenhower ultimately called the “military-industrial complex”. This is not just a story about runners, but about arming someone for money and doing it from the heart of Washington. But let's not get into politics, let's leave it to DeMille, which may be superficial. The main interest in this film after all these years lies in the fact that it uses the first score written by George Antheil, who can say a lot about the work in his autobiography “Bad Boy of Music”. Antheil seems to have generated a “big sound”, adopted by all subsequent westerns, with the result that the plains sing with the voices and sounds of countless cowboys in the sky, celebrating open spaces and intertwining common melodies. That is why it does not sound very unusual, because we have heard it a thousand times. But he seems to have been the first to summon the mixed rustling of the whole wise brush in this symphony of the open sky, which entered American mythical knowledge, and gave her a soundtrack, which has never been changed since, but undoubtedly appropriate. It's funny to see Anthony Quinn at an early age as a Cheyenne Indian. Gabby Hayes is somewhere out there, but you miss him in the crowd. Gary Cooper surpasses them all, hanging over his head - but when did he ever look small?
