Sam Fuller's excellent work “PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET” is a selection of low-end cars from the noir of the early 50s under the influence of the Cold War. Jogging duration less than 80 minutes - PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET - tough, tough, explosive and infinitely exciting. <br /> <br /> Widmark plays the role of pickpocket Skip McCoy, who has already been picked up three times. And yet McCoy cannot keep his wandering fingers out of trouble - and the trouble is exactly what he climbs into when he hits Candy's gangster sweet (Jean Peters) on his wallet. Candy's purse contains a roll of microfilm, invaluable to the communist movement, and this is her last job for ex-boyfriend Richard Keely to make the delivery. However, when Widmark filmed it, Peters must do everything possible to re-announce the film, which she (initially) knows nothing about. <br /> <br /> This is a tasty installation with a Widmark character, not a crazy KISS OF DEATH, a real live wire, unpredictable and tough, but curiously charming. When Bogart or Mitchum took on the role of noir in the film, you knew what you were going to get: a lonely antihero who retained his moral integrity and won at the end (Bogart) or an overly concise guy who allowed himself to be drawn into a trap (Mitchum). With Widmark, you just don’t know what you’ll get, and with his incredibly modern style of play (his films are always good) he looks amazing. Here he is torn between earning a large number of points by selling the film, or handing him over to the police, and fighting the “communists” on the right side of the law. And he still needs to pretend that he never stole Peters to avoid the fatal fourth rap on his sheet. <br /> <br /> Peters gets the best role in the role of Crumb with a heart of gold. Widmark's unpredictability is perhaps best expressed in his scenes with Peters; The gorgeous tramp quickly (and quite incredibly - the romantic corner is quite impetuous) falls under Widmark's spell, but Widmark alternates, kissing her or slapping around. The serious beauty of Peters, but the lack of lacquered Hollywood glamor (Lana Turner would never have worked in this role), is the main advantage of the film. Candy is not innocent, but she is very vulnerable, she is constantly overtaken by men. Widmark confuses her when she first met him and wakes her up by pouring beer in her face, but by the last action he becomes much more tender with her (after she copes with Keighley). The hospital scene with Peters and Widmark should not work, but it works. <br /> <br /> Telma Ritter is gorgeous, like Chair Mo, worthy of an Oscar nomination. Ritter's play, like everything else in the film, is very rough, real and heartbreaking. Her death scene is amazing. Fuller's camera movement and location settings are particularly interesting. Fuller liked a good close-up, and the “Pickup on South Street” is full of uncomfortable, tight-fitting narrow shots that only increase the plot tension. Fuller is not afraid to let the camera linger on the picture longer than old Old-Hollywood actually allowed, but it’s amazingly moving away from Ritter’s death scene to have a maximum impact on the audience. Cityscapes and unusual, opposing camera angles give the PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET a bold, uncompromising modern look. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
