Samuel Fuller is hardly one of the great American directors. I'm not sure that he is considered one of the great Hollywood masters. But he certainly is one of the best real Hollywood professionals who are ready to go for their music. While he was working in Hollywood studios, he knew how to complete a task, form an average material passed on to him, and then quickly and effectively turn it into something, as a rule, better than its parts ... in time and within budget. South Street pickup is an example. At first glance, this is another anti-commiss Hollywood film of the early fifties, which calls for patriotism, a hard-boiled hero and slimy (and profusely sweaty) bad guy. Fuller turns this Hollywood cliché bag into a tight, exciting drama with any number of unusual twists. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a three-time loser, a petty crook with soft fingers who does not change his stripes to the very end. The girl in the capers, Candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to step over if you were so inclined. One of the most attractive characters, Mo Williams, is a stool. And in the unusual approach to the Battle of Hollywood against the Communists, calls for patriotism are not taken into account; the hero is not motivated by anything so ennobling. He just wants to pay for personal reasons and eventually becomes ... at least for now ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> In addition, all the actors were mostly appointed by Fuller Studio. He had to do. Richard Widmark has now established himself as an actor and star, but Gene Peters is a surprise. She gives a beautiful portrait of a woman, sexy and dumb, and no better than her friends ... or her clients ... want her to be like that. And Richard Keely, who would later become the twice-won Tony Award on Broadway, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. It’s hard to remember that he was an actor who offended us, I mean, presented us the “Impossible Dream” from the Man from La Mancha, <br /> <br /> More than anything, this story of a pickpocket who chooses a purse in a subway car and discovers that instead of cash he has microfilmed secrets that are being pursued by the feds and the communists, and he goes straight ahead with big savings. The whole enterprise with a classic noir-look takes only 80 minutes. Dialogue with Fuller as a screenwriter has that banal, partially sharp, hard-boiled, fiction. “That bun that you brought ... she's fine,” says one of the characters. Skip Candy. Fuller moves us fast enough from scene to scene to keep us informed of what's next. Then Fuller adds Moe Williams character. Suddenly, the story raises a completely new level of interest, partly the relief of comedy and partly the sad inevitability. <br /> <br /> What I like most about the film is how the debut shows Fuller’s talents and strengths. After 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting right after the credits, Fuller can instantly turn on the film, set up what we are talking about and show us which characters - Skip and Candy - we are going to be associated with. And he does it with such seductive curiosity in this hot, packed subway car that we almost feel Fuller getting on us to catch us. <br /> <br /> Glenn Erickson, in my opinion, one of the best film critics, says: “In what should be irrelevant, Sam Fuller defines a peculiar look at Americanism from the bottom up: a stiff neck, aggressive personal interest, which, when it is fully expressed, it recognizes what is wrong and what is right, and is not afraid to fight for it. As always in their work, those who are fighting for their country to the greatest extent will least benefit from these efforts. ” He is right, and this makes the film still alive after 55 years.
