“Pickup on South Street” is a speed drama about a little criminal who is suddenly involved in the activities of a group of communists. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style, and the momentum is maintained with some brilliant editing. The use of a wide variety of perspectives and effective close-ups also contributes to the overall impression of constant movement and vitality. Samuel Fuller's directing style and Joseph MacDonald's cinematography are excellent, and there are many scenes that, due to their composition and lighting, create a strong sense of mood and atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Ace is a pickpocket and repeat offender Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark gets into deep water when he steals a purse from a young woman named Candy (Gene Peters) in the New York subway. Her former boyfriend Joe (Richard Kiely ) used her to deliver to one of her contacts in a communist organization, and she doesn’t know that she carried the secrets of the US government recorded on microfilm. Two FBI agents followed Candy and witnessed theft. One of the agents continues to drag her back to Joey’s apartment, and the other, Zara (Willis Buchi), visits police captain Dana Tigra (Mourvin Wai). Zara explains that the FBI followed Candy for several months as part of their persecution of the Communist leader. <br /> <br /> To identify a pickpocket, Tigris calls to the “stool” by Mo (Telma Ritter), who, after a precise description of the “cannon's” method of work, makes a list of eight possible suspects. As soon as Tiger sees Skip’s name on the list, he is immediately convinced that this is the person they need to find, and sends two detectives to arrest him . When Skip is brought to Tiger's office, Zara tells him about the microfilm, and Tiger offers to drop any charges if he cooperates with the investigation. Skip is frivolous and arrogant. He clearly does not trust Tigra and denies all knowledge of the theft in the subway. <br /> <br /> Joey orders Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then pick it up. Candy pays Mo for Skip's address, and when Skip returns after interrogating the Tiger, he discovers that Candy searches his house and knocks her down before stealing money. When she comes to, Skip demands to pay $ 25,000 for the microfilm. She tells Joey about Skip's request, and Joey's boss gives him a gun and orders him to pick up the microfilm by the next evening. <br /> <br /> Skip and Candy attract each other, and this is because of their uneasy, developing relationships, a means is developed by which they can divert the attention of the police. However, it soon becomes apparent that the solution of issues with the communist gang will be achieved only through more direct action. <br /> <br /> Images of Skip, Candy and Mo as characters who inhabit the sinister world in which they find themselves forced to face significant risks every day are powerful and irresistible. <br /> <br /> Mo as a police informer depends on her knowledge of the people in her community, but also those people know what she does and any other of them can seek their revenge at any time. She seems crafty and street-like, but she also has her vulnerable side, as she describes herself as an "old clock running down" and saves money in order to be able to adequately bury her at an exclusive cemetery in Long Island. Her belief that "every dollar has its value," forces her to sell any information, regardless of danger, friendship, or principles, and yet there is one case where she refuses, and this turns out to be fatal. The performance of Thelma Ritter certainly deserved the nomination for the Oscar, which she received for her role. <br /> <br /> Skip, a criminal with cruel treatment, not caring for his victims and already three times convicted, lives under the constant threat of being sentenced to life imprisonment if he is convicted again. Despite this, he still continues his criminal activities and, oddly enough, is simply philosophical, when Mo betrays his whereabouts, and then, later, he even guarantees that Mo gets the type of burial that she values ​​so highly. Candy is a former prostitute, and one whose activity constantly puts her in jeopardy, but behind her hardened appearance is gradually becoming an increasingly warm side. Widmark and Peters are perfect for their roles and, like Ritter, depict different facets of their personalities with great style and conviction.
