Pickup on South Street is one of the most exciting films ever made. Example of directing: When Candy (Gene Peters) starts to go through her purse and notices that her wallet is missing, an alarm has been triggered in the background of the building in which she is located - as if this alarm has worked in her head. This is not like a cartoon - it is subtly woven into the background, in a way that amazes you at a subconscious level, until you have watched the movie several times, and it just “clicks” that an alarm sounds when she starts frantically sneaking through her bag . <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, like smart Alex, is at the top of his game - he is really great - but the highlight of the film was the first scene for “Mo”. street vendor / informer played by Thelma Ritter. You don't watch a movie in her apartment later - you see a real person. I have never seen anyone act so real that I felt that I was looking into a real room before Ritter’s performance — even before her hair was bulging a little when she took off her hat. <br /> <br /> About a million other things just * worked * from how Lightning Louis collected money with her chopsticks, before Candy's jewelry was snapped when she shook Moe’s hand off her brooch, before Moe gets dollars and money from the police captain on the chest of the FBI guy - and even the way the captain opens his closet, as if he had been doing this in that room for years. “Pickup on South Street” are detailed moves (directing) with unsurpassed performances (acting) and excellent, now nostalgic visual effects of the day, such as a panel truck, boards leading to a hut on the water, a dumbweiler, and Skip hid an unforgettable place in pockets. Wonderful things. <br /> <br /> “Pickup on South Street” is also one of the few films where, although the characters are not perfect, you still care about them - perhaps because they were somewhat branded from their past paths, from which is difficult to escape: Skip as a “three-time loser” and Candy as a young woman who “spun” a lot. When these people behave a little worse than you expect, these are kind of new ways that make you think that you look at people you never imagine otherwise - and yet you know that they are possible, because the actors do their so recognizable people.
