After the failure of the Crusades at the box office, Cecil B. DeMille stopped making films about non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years were about our story from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Vassel). The first in order of production was this film with Gary Cooper in the role of Wild Bill Hickock, and Gene Arthur in the role of Calamity Jane. James Allison was Buffalo Bill, John Milian (not a villain as usual) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought in Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to the Indians) and Porter Hall in the role of Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hicca). <br /> <br /> Basically, the film tells the story of the United States after the civil war. , Lincoln is shown at the beginning, talking about what will be the next step now that Lee surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the West (more on this later). Then he announces that he must go to the theater. On April 14, Abe must have been very busy - in Virginia City, he pardoned Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins that same day. <br /> <br /> In fact, although Lincoln was concerned about West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency were about reuniting the former confederate states and its citizens into the Union as soon as possible. It was the Reconstruction that attracted his attention, not the west (with the exception of the problems of Maximillian and his French controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in real problems with the West. In 1862, he sent disgraceful General John Pope, the loser in the Second Manassas, to Minnesota to put down a serious Indian war with the Sioux (the subject of McKinley Cantor’s novel Lake Sprite. Pope, incompetent against Lee and Jackson, proved to be very effective here, and the uprising was broken. <br /> <br /> However, given Lincoln’s actual attention to Western issues, it is doubtful that he says (as Cooper repeats at least once): “The border must be safe.” There is nothing to say he might not to prove it, but it is hardly a profound statement by a leading statesman. How to say, Teddy Roosevelt said: "Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health." It is not. A deep policy statement. This is, at best, a statement of a recognizable fact. Transformation Cooper in the minor mantra, like the version of Lincoln's Monroe Doctrine, is ridiculous ... typical of Demillo's scenarios, in which there are really serious mistakes common sense in them. <br /> <br /> However, this is not a disastrous istake. “Plainsman” is an adventure film, and this is his merit of DeMille - the creator of the spectacle. As such, it is worth a look. But not as a textbook on Lincoln’s political ideas or his valuable heritage.
