Kim Basinger starred as Della, a housewife who has twins (Terry and Tammy played by Luke Gair and Erica-Shey Geir) and an insulting man (Kenneth) played by Craig Schaeffer. <br /> <br /> The film opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is driving home from work, I can add a good car too. He is talking on a mobile phone with a business partner, I would suggest. When he returns home, he sees that there is a mess on the floor with shoes and toys. It angers him even more, and he meets his wife Della, asking her why there is always a mess in the house. He pins her to the wall. Watch the twin from the ladder. He punches the wall, leaving a hole in it, and leaves. She takes care of the children, trying to console them. After all this is done, she needs to go to the mall to make purchases at the last minute, and because she does not have wrapping paper. She gets to the parking lot, because there are a lot of buyers at the last minute. While she is looking for a parking space, she notices that the car takes up two places, and this annoys her. Finally, she finds a parking space, walks over to the cart and leaves a note under the caretaker, in which the owner calls herself a “self-serving fool”. She then goes to the mall to make final purchases at the store. <br /> <br /> When she finally leaves the mall, it closes and many have already left. However, not being the owner of the car, she left a note, and she notices it on the way to her car. She also notices that the note she left under the caretaker is no more. Strange. When she gets to her vehicle, she sits down to start it. She notices that a car pulls up behind her, and she does not allow her to move backwards. She gets out of the car only to confront the owner of the car (Chuckie plays Lucas Haas), on which she left a note and a squad of his thugs friends. It screams, and a cop from the mall (no, not Paul Blart) comes up to them to see what the problem is, only for Chucky to blow his brains off. While this is happening, Della jumps on her vehicle, turns on and drives a median in front of her. Chucky and his squad will sit in his car and chase. Della eventually crashes into a pile of logs in a residential complex, but she did not suffer. She manages to get to the back of her vehicle, open the hatchback and grab the toolbox before the gangsters get there. <br /> <br /> With this, Della spends the rest of the night trying to escape and escape from the thugs, armed only with the tools that she has in her toolbox as a weapon. The first kill, in my opinion, is the best. The first murder that Della performs in any case. The latter was probably the weakest, and he should have been the best, considering that this was the main bad guy she betrayed. <br /> <br /> I admit that there are some who are postponed to buy the final, and they let me down a little. Overall, although it was a funny click, and he moved well for 1 hour and 20 minutes of running.
