ATTENTION SPOILER! <br /> <br /> Many people have told me that Planet of the Apes was the worst movie of Tim Burton and, moreover, much weaker than the original movie. So I decided not to see this. Another friend of mine who had not yet seen this film advised me to watch it, despite this, because "Tim-Burton's film is still Tim-Burton's film." I decided to do this, and found that he was right. <br /> <br /> It is clear that a remake of such a famous film as Planet of the Apes automatically depends on commercial thinking. However, Tim Burton managed his film to show his strange playfulness just like Beetlejuice or Batman. If you already love Burton films, it’s hard not to like one of his films, even if he has some flaws: annoying monkey squeals, disguised monkeys and a leading actor who could easily be replaced by someone else. <br /> <br /> The fact that the film gives us first and foremost is the answer to the question: what is the result when Tim Burton was instructed to create a remake? First of all, Burton would not have been Burton if he had not refused to call it a remake from the very beginning; this is “rethinking”. On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every viewer of his film has seen the very first version of the film with Charlton Heston (as a man), and he knows that the remake does not exist without his model and that these two films will not stop. compare. So all he does is play with this comparison at every moment of his film, i.e. d. referring to quotes. As for the plot, Burton does a brilliant job, first answering the open questions of the original, and then bringing the entire audience to despair, destroying this wonderful clarity and ending the film "??". AND HERE SPOILER ?? Leo returns to earth and finds himself in a world that monkeys seem to have ruled forever. <br /> <br /> Now this is a Burtonian response to the expectations of the people they expect because of the amazing, shocking end of the first “Planet of the Apes”. The end, even more unexpected, more surprising and completely confusing, because here I do not agree with the various "Planet of the Apes" - home pages and platforms? it's pointless. This may not be the point, or it is so complicated that it becomes ineffective. Tim Burton plays his brutal games, he does it with a grin and does it well. Burton fans will like it, others may feel deceived and complain about some kind of mannerism. Well, and I don’t think producers will ever ask Burton to do a remake again ??
