Gordon Parks, prolific photographer from the black magazine Life, made a real time bomb in the film, which does not fuss! Based on the real story of two police officers from New York who were later called Batman and Robin, who single-handedly used radical tactics to clear their neighborhoods from drugs, this film is about friends before this term has become a recurring formula. With lightning speed, there is not one unimportant one-off scene. <br /> <br /> Man, in the early 1970s, New York must have been a terrible place for a policeman, judging by what these movies and Serpico look like. These two policemen began as recruits from the security department, interrupting plainclothes dealers in their free time. But instead of receiving applause from the city police department, they only receive resistance and antagonism from their peers. They have to go alone through the minefield of police and corruption in the laws, to carry out orders with bones, designed to prevent them from working in the streets, ruthless drug lords and dirty neighborhoods of the ghetto. <br /> <br /> David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic leaders; part of the entertainment is to watch Leybman’s eyes rushing madly in every scene in impeccable comic performance, while Selby plays with restraint and carelessness. These two compel all comedic aspects of the story to work - demonstrating perceptible disappointment mixed with audacious determination. Director Parks, who was already known for his coverage of controversial issues in his photo, does not shy away from the harshness of this story. Rather, the film is uncompromising in depicting the harshness of the world of police and street criminals in which these two men live. In addition to this realism, the fact is that the real Hans and Greenberg acted as technical advisors for the film and even appear in surreal comeo roles as two fellow officers who ridicule the main characters. This is a real tribute to the effectiveness of the Park management, in which he manages to perfectly balance this depressing environment with a bright comedy. <br /> <br /> Why did MGM / UA let it sit on the shelf for 30 years - barely giving it a home video or DVD release in the USA? This is a small masterpiece of the 1970s.
