Before Crash, there was this interesting film called Grand Canyon. The film “Grand Canyon”, released about 14 years earlier than the previous one, was a film about two people from different walks of life, who in a lifetime have united to make friends. To me, Crash was still a slightly better film, but the Grand Canyon was also not a slouch. <br /> <br /> In Los Angeles, a top-class lawyer by the name of Mack (Kevin Kline) makes his way through the more severe side of the city just to break his car at the most inopportune moment. He calls a tow truck and has to wait some time, but soon he is threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the driver of the tow truck arrives at the right moment and goes outside of Simon (Danny Glover) to pick up the truck. They are both threatened, but Simon manages to get himself, Mack and the car out of a terrible situation. It is from this point on that the friendship with the Mac develops between the two men throughout their lives, which helps Simon in the same way that Simon helped him out of a dangerous situation earlier. You see, Simon's sister Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children and is afraid for her eldest son, who seems to be roaming the streets at night with some bad people. Mack offers them the best place to live, and also hooks Simon with a friend of his secretary, Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main plot of the film, but there are other smaller stories involving the same secretary mentioned above (Mary Louise Parker), as well as Mack's wife (Mary McDonnell), who discovers an abandoned child shortly after as their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first movie role) went to camp for the summer and is likely to be moving on to his own life soon. The details of all these scenes are combined into one complex film, in which the police helicopter is used as a metaphor for life and as a bridge connecting all the different scenes. This simple plot device works very well and helps a lot in plot development. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest movie by then was “The Big Cold,” created a great movie here. The cast is excellent, and most of the ideas are well thought out, but, alas, it doesn’t match the greatness, because some of the points that would make the film even stronger are shaded. One story with the secretary is one, and the second with Simon's nephew is another. These scenes should have been more separated from the whole story, and then, perhaps, Lawrence Kasdan’s views on life between the upper and lower classes would have been at a higher level than just very good. However, the Grand Canyon exceeded all expectations and you will see a view of the canyon named after this film. There is also a small role for Steve Martin in the role of Davis, a producer of violence films, who offers his own views on life and plays a small role in the ideas of this film.
