Many comments made by people amaze me because (excuse me) they lack sense. Kasdan wants to imagine life, simple, ordinary life. The traditionally structured story, where characters have ideas that change their lives and then disappear, the music disappears, and the film ends, absorbed by this much larger canvas. Several characters in this film have just such a highlight, and then they move on. Sometimes they can hold on to their ideas, sometimes they can't, and this is life in reality. In other words, Kasdan abandons the usual dramatic structure in favor of exploring the continuity of life. there is no happy ending, only a possible ending; and everything that is still in process is still always ready to take over ?? and, if you absolutely insist on the topic, exploring the role of the miraculous in our lives. What is a miracle? Well, life itself, for a start. Then add all the random incidents and cross-links that make up life, or several interconnected lives, and you will get miracles from the bucket. Kasdan slightly emphasizes this topic, instead of insisting on it, and supports it in various ways, especially memorable, using the device, right in the center of the film, that Mack and his wife were lying in bed, everyone dreamed about their own dreams , but also the show, later in the film, how these dreams have the power, in the film, to shape reality. This is not a movie with a simple or obvious message. You just have to let it appear in front of you, and then let it sit in your mind for a few days, a month, a few years, and see what it has done. This, without a doubt, is Kasdan's best film, his most mature, most humane. Basic meditation on life from one of our most talented writers and directors. The tragedy, of course, is that he was not allowed to work for a number of years, mainly due to the limitations of the studio around Dream Catcher. I hope we have not heard the last from Larry Kasdan. Great movie from a great artist. Keep in mind that art does not have to rationalize itself completely to succeed.
