If you really want to find out how most of the actors and directors on the Hollywood scene “got” to where they are, the vast majority will tell you (if they say) that a strange coincidence has happened. They accidentally met the right people at the right time and got involved in the right project, which led to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino studied acting, whose teacher knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey picked up a passage from a sleeping old woman at a lecture by a famous playwright who helped him gain an important role. And Robin Williams ascribes his career to Gary Marshall’s son, who, upon seeing Star Wars, offered his father that an alien visit Cunningham’s Happy Days. These coincidences, often regarded as pure luck, form many of the careers in Hollywood today. Or is it pure luck? Perhaps something else is happening? The Grand Canyon, written and directed by Lawrence Casdan, offers a completely different explanation of an inexplicable, or strange, miraculous coincidence. The film tells about several different characters whose lives intersect because of a positive and yet inexplicable event. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, is collapsing in one of the most dangerous areas of Los Angeles. After he called the tow truck, the young gang grabbed him. They threaten with violence if he doesn't leave his car. Shortly before the confrontation can escalate, Danny Glover appears in the role of a tow truck driver and weakens the intentions of the gang. Although Glover denies this later, he probably saved the life of Klein. Producer (Steve Martin) of cheap violent films gets a shot in the leg, and after wards gets spiritual experience. Then he announces his departure from the production of blood and blood. And Klein's wife, Claire (Mary McDonnell), during a morning run, finds a child hidden in some foliage. She claims that the child was crying because of her and that her “salvation” of the baby was predetermined. <br /> <br /> The film examines in detail the results of these strange connections, which lead to further relations, termination of relations and new beginnings. And all this time in the film a strange homeless person appears, as if he is somehow connected with everything that happens. <br /> <br /> In Hollywood or in films in general, it is very rare to explore such a purely esoteric subject. There are a few moments that seem incredible, but maybe that's the point. What makes the film work is an excellent cast. Although miracles and coincidences may seem frivolous, the actors make you believe that they are experiencing these new realities. Maybe this is a topic that we should explore more often.
