I visited the Grand Canyon again at the beginning of this year, when I intended to compile the top ten lists of the 1990s. I first saw the movie when I was 17 years old. How did I find out about this? It was reviewed and recommended by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and a year later I videotaped it. <br /> <br /> This is an excellent film, a powerful film, a film about healing, about strength. listen, really listen to each other. I saw it six times, and it entertains and inspires me with each subsequent viewing. But why bad reviews on this movie? Film director Maltin gives two out of four. Too melodic, too many coincidences, too juicy, the expressions that I read the most. Yes, there is a melodrama in this story, and yes, there are also many coincidences. But it delivers with intensity and strength that seems flexible. For the whole “plot” that exists in the Grand Canyon, such as shooting a car, police chase, earthquake, love intrigue, woman finding a child in the bushes, other shooting, close crash of a new driver and worldly advice from a homeless person, this film wins thanks Kevin Klein, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto's clever actions. This is also successful due to the skillful leadership of Lawrence Kasdan and the letter. You know that this is not just another movie when you watch an episode at the beginning of a movie in which four black youths are chasing Kevin Kline. Danny Glover plays a towing driver who helps the character Klein, but not before he is also pursued by the group leader. Listen to the dialogue that the guy suggests to Glover: “Are you afraid of me because of me or because I have a gun?”. <br /> <br /> The Grand Canyon is filled with one insightful scene after another. Steve Martin was to be nominated for the best male supporting role as a producer of the film, who changed his mind and then changed his mind. I think that his character is a warning that "good" can push us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but for which we must constantly fight, and not depend. <br /> <br /> I'm afraid the Grand Canyon may be lost forever in the desert for no new releases in the video store. But now that the prices of older issues are below 99 cents, I beg anyone who read this in a review from a reviewer who you thank after renting it, Grand Canyon is something special. If you liked Magnolia, another film with a large ensemble on deep humanistic themes, you will also like the Grand Canyon.
