This production was made in the mid-1980s and, apparently, is the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No version of the film has been tested (it is surprisingly rich in plots, which actually serve as counterpoints to each other, so it would be very difficult to cut it off). The novel was the only attempt by Dickens to make the main narrator (one of the two in the work) a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther is brought up by her aunt and uncle, who (in the typical Dickens style) mistreat her. She is illegitimate, but she will not be told anything about her origin. Later we contact Gentry, Sir Lester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) is going through more and more difficult times regarding her personal life and the intervention of the family attorney Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We are also involved in the actions of Richard Karston (Esther's boyfriend), trying to win a long case in the case of hereditary chance, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, about which everything (even Richard's cousin John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns that it is not worth the effort. <br /> <br /> Dickens was a law reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before he wrote fiction. Starting with the case of breaking the promise in PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens carefully looked at the law. Mr Bumble said that this is the “ass” of OLIVER TWIST, and Dickens will consistently support this view. He views slums as a ground for crime in TWIST, which the law hardly tries to heal. He attacks the office and outdated laws on real estate, as well as overly influential lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkhorn, Falls) in BLEAK HOUSE. IN A SMALL DORRITE, he attacks the debtors' prisons (he also hit him in David Copperfield). IN OUR MUTUAL FRIEND, he looks at the testator and testament. In Edwin Drud's Mystery, he seemed to be about to go for the murder case. Dickens was far more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also addresses other issues (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the instigating power of Scotland Yard, social snobbery in the Industrial Revolution). He also uses the novel to ridicule various people: Lee Hunt, writer, inspector Fields of Scotland Yard and even the notorious Maria Manning. Most of these items have been saved in this beautiful version of the mini-series. If it is displayed again at the cable station, catch it.
