Two-thirds of the nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this film rated it at 8, 9, or 10, and one user reports that six videos are wearing out (was it a recording or just a faulty video recorder?). Although the film is primarily intended for a historical period, it clearly has a rather unusual charm. But for some reason I presented it to a large extent capricious and, until recently, I never felt the desire to watch it. My opinion was changed by the original book by Elizbeth von Arnim. My wife loves to read, but her vision no longer allows her to read much, so she borrowed it in the form of a talking book. Such books usually annoy the interlocutor, who is busy with other things, but I gradually realized that this book was seductively sedating, but in no way disgusting, and was also very well written. I realized that my wife would love to watch a movie, and so I decided to buy her a video. Now I am very glad that I did it, and, of course, I recommend this purchase to anyone who appreciates calm reflexive work without fireworks, but with a well thought out character development and a very successful Italian atmosphere to Mussolini. The story unfolds in the aftermath of the First World War and begins with two married London ladies who decided to combine their savings and take a vacation together, away from their families, in a rented villa in Italy. The force of circumstances leads to the fact that this pair is joined by two other people with completely different characters and origins. His theme is, in fact, nothing more than the interaction that occurs during their vacation, not only between these four very fragmented mature women, but also with the casual male visitor. If you want action, thrill, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or harlequin romance, this movie won't suit you. But IMDb users have collectively and very convincingly demonstrated that none of them is necessary for the film to be very useful for watching, and if you want to try it out, you, like me, can rank it among your favorite films. . <br /> <br /> I rarely watch a movie with a book that I already know. In many cases, I find it takes away part of the pleasure of watching a film, but there is such a strong visual appeal in the setting that I actually found my pleasure, increased by the expectation of seeing the next segment of the book, effectively deployed before my eyes. (Perhaps Italy itself has some part in this, the last time I had this experience, when I watched Boccaccio’s The Decameron on TV.) As a rule, films with books increase the dramatic level of the original work to guarantee that the filmed version has an even wider appeal, but here, in any case, it is reduced to attract the attention of viewers to the gradual development of character, and not to any secondary events. This works very well, although there are few changes from the book, and in general the film remains true to the original story. Much credit goes to director Mike Newell and all the cast members, especially those famous British actresses who play the four main ladies.
