Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of America’s most royal families, were orphaned at a young age. Right before you go to France to fight in World War I, their father says to the eldest, Fiona, never sell land. By the time the sisters became adults, they had to spend most of their money in order to pay lawyers to protect their property. Through certain loopholes in the will of his father, a man named Charles Barclay is going to seize the land of Gaylord, on which he wants to build a complex called the Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from wealthy families in New York so that he could build the Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film focuses mainly on the melodramatic problems of the three sisters. , Fiona, played well by Barbara Stanwick, although she certainly is not considered one of her best roles, seems like a cold, domineering woman, and it becomes clear that there are skeletons in her closet. Suzanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a little nervous and completely in love with a young modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman was my favorite movie performance. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a rather pretentious seductress with a monocle who married noble blood in England, but this does not prevent her from trying to steal Giga from her sister. The three sisters are fairly well developed, but, like the main trend in the Gay Sisters, they have never been good enough. Charles Barclay plays George Brent. He is not very good. Well, he would be satisfactory if the story was played out as it should, but he always seems to be a scum in the film. When we are asked to sympathize with him at the end of the film, it is impossible. Gig Young plays, right?, Gig Young. No, he does not play himself. It so happened that the actor, who previously starred in several films under his real name Byron Barr, was pressured to change his name to something more catchy. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but in the end he changed his nickname to Gig Young after the character he plays in Gay Sisters. Strange, eh? Young is pretty good at most of the movie, but the script does some bad things with his character at the end of the movie, which ultimately harms the audience's sympathy for him. In the two other supporting roles, Helen Timig and Gene Lockhart are very good. <br /> <br /> The Jolly Sisters had a great potential to become one of the great cinematic family sagas. All characters are interesting, like their situations. Unfortunately, the script never seeks anything more than the simplest melodrama. If this made the relationship of all the main characters more complex, for example, balancing the rivalry between Evelyn and Suzanne, or made the memories more confusing, the film could be fantastic. This could also clarify the prologue in more detail, give us more information about the Gaylord family. We need to care more about the characters, and we need more sympathy for them. And the final needed serious fixation. It basically just gives up at the end. Fiona's problems are solved so badly that it hurts. Whatever sympathy her character has gained during the film falls apart. This is also too happy. This story seems to be moving towards tragedy, or maybe just towards a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never solved. No matter how badly the story of Fiona ends, the story of Suzanne, Giga and Evelyn is even worse. <br /> <br /> I still liked the movie. It is completely watchable, even if it does not attract us, like other great films of that era. 7/10, mostly for its potential. It had to be redone, or the novel had to be re-adapted, at some point in the days of the studio. It is too outdated to be redone now. The 1950s would be the best time for films like The Giant.
