I first saw Rob Roy twelve years ago. Having a little money for entertainment, I rented it for my fiancé, and I looked on a cold winter night. The film I wanted disappeared, so I rented it, not expecting much, and was very surprised at how good it was. I just recently looked at it again and loved it as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with this story, we are talking about the Scottish offender Robert Roy MacGregor, a cattle breeder and folk hero. From the little that I know about the man and his history, liberties were taken as facts, but this is a film, not a textbook, and therefore the filmmakers can be excused. In fact, the plot of the film is that Rob Roy borrows money from Marquis Montrose to buy cattle, which he then intends to sell and make a big profit. But his plan fails when a friend who is trusted with money is deprived of money and killed in the forest. Our hero is on the run after he cannot resolve the issue with the Marquis, and Mary, his wife, is being sadistic raped at the hands of Archibald Cunningham, an intelligent Englishman without a soul. Atrocities begin until, in an incredibly convincing conclusion Rob does not reveal Archibald, like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of great performances in this film, but let me dwell on a few. Liam Neeson, as usual, is a fantastic, sexy beast from which it is impossible to look away. To be honest, this man looks like ice cream: even when he is bad, he is good. His Rob Roy is an honest man, struggling to provide those who depend on him with the best way he knows how. Jessica Lange, like Mary, gives this woman cruelty, which is a nice change from the plain, boring viewers of movie wives, who usually have to endure. You just know that she does not take any binars from Rob or anyone else for that matter. Tim Roth is completely exaggerated with his image of the evil Archibald, but somehow it works. All posturing and preening, in combination with some evil dialogue, lead to one of the most memorable villains of the movie in recent memory. Combine all this and the stellar work of other fellow players with the magnificent landscapes of Scotland, and you get what makes one really, really cool movie. If you have not seen this, I strongly recommend that you do this.
