In 1995, when so many people talked about the great BRAVEHEART premiere of Mel Gibson, he also saw another very good, but underrated film about Scottish history, ROB ROY. Although this is a completely different film, especially because of the historical period in which the story begins, ROB ROY has a lot in common not only with the wonderful BRAVEHEART, but also with the spirit of epic films. <br /> <br /> This is a film that discusses similar topics, such as the struggle for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family - the key to happiness. It also leads us to the very bliss of the Scottish Highlands, where the human soul finds peace surrounded by all the grandeur of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character, is a true hero (so universal in the epics), a kind of “Scottish Robin Hood” who is struggling to bring his people out of the oppression imposed by cold-blooded lords. Despite the fact that he is worsening his position as a result of actions, he has to suffer a lot, but two things remain in his mind: HONOR, which he gave himself, and LOVE for his woman, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> With the exception of interesting content and quite vivid actions, the film is filled with really amazing visual effects. This factor is related both to the sets and places of the film, and to the wardrobe. Many memorable moments remain in the memory of any viewer who can afford an understanding of artistic images. For me, the most magnificent scene was in the Highlands, when Rob Roy was telling his boys what honor really means. Then he sends them away and makes great love to his woman. The scene, which he runs away from Marguis Montrose (John Hurt) to the falls, is also worth seeing as a stunning image. <br /> <br /> Of course, there is some graphic violence, like, for example, in a duel, but I do not think that this violence would be as harmful as in many other modern films. His justification is the same as that of any other epic: the bloodshed and cruelty of those times were really serious, and it would be meaningless to hide them. The most disturbing scene for me was the rape of Rob Roy's wife, the villain of this story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). This is really disgusting, and children should definitely stay away. However, everything else is OK However, there is one aspect that made me really love this film, the performances. <br /> <br /> All the actors are doing an excellent job with the lead, from lead Lian Neeson, who is very well suited to the role of a tall, brave, strong Scot, supporting the cast of Brian Cox, who portrays the evil Killarne, the silent witness to horrible acts, who feels comfortable with the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very good, like Mary McGregor, and she has some of the most beautiful moments in the film. In many of their scenes there is Miss Lange and Mr. Neeson. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, perfectly plays the role of Marguis Montrose, a corrupt man for whom money is a goal that in itself is achieved by any means. I like this calm of his image. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth, who really portrays the pitiful side of his character, Archibald - a man who scoffs at love, loves war and finds real lust in rape and murder. But, as in any good epic, this exceptional evil must be the end ... <br /> <br /> And one more aspect: the musical accompaniment: such memorable and sentimental melodies that must certainly sound in your ears, The last moment touched me to tears, not only because of the beauty that he conveys, but also because I deeply combined these blissful melodies with the greatness of the locations. Scotland remains in the heart of its visitor, and this film reminded me of this permanent effect. It was as if my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very good movie, very well shot, photographed and shot. Perhaps this is not the same as BRAVEHEART with its exciting scenery and many additions to the battle scenes, but this is a rather long film in which much attention is paid to one very important role that the cinema should have: stunning entertainment combined with mental education. I really liked this film, do not hesitate to call it metaphorically “high mountains of entertainment” and rate it 9/10
