Unfortunately for this beautiful film, it had to be released in the same year as Braveheart. Although this is a completely different film, the conflict between the Scottish commoners and the English nobility is also in the first place. About 400 years have passed since Braveheart and Rob Roy appeared, but some things never seemed to change. English noblemen still live in Scottland, and the Highlanders seem to never be able to take a break from communicating with them. Rob Roy is beautifully made, but not the grand epic that Braveheart was. There are no large-scale battles here, and the conflict here is more between people. And, by the way, this time not all Englishmen are depicted evil. Rob Roy is just a film about those with honor and those who are truly evil. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays the lead role of Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan, and his main function is to care for and protect the cattle of a famous nobleman known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). With the winter approaching, the MacGregor case looks rather rough, and everyone seems to be short of food. Rob Roy makes a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from the Marquis and buy his own cattle. He will then sell them at a higher price and use the money to improve the overall welfare of his community. Sounds fair enough, right? Problems arise when two friends of the Marquis steal money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is arguably the most evil character ever made from films. This man, who is beautifully played by Tim Roth, is a penniless nobleman whom his mother sent to live with the marquis. This man is disgustingly feminine, rude, heartless and very dangerous with a sword. He is the father of a child with a girlfriend and refuses to take responsibility. He rapes McGregor’s wife and burns him from his home. This guy is really as rotten as movie characters. Along with Marquis's other friend (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals money and uses it to pay off his own debts. Although it is painfully obvious to most people what happened, the Marquis still holds McGregor in debt. This creates a conflict that will take many lives and challenge the strengths of a person simply fighting to preserve his dignity. <br /> <br /> Spoilers ahead !!!!! <br /> <br /> Luckily for MacGregor, the duke, who is not a marquis's friend, arranges a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the conflict once and for all. This sword fight is considered by many to be one of the best shot ever. Many consider Cunningham a confident winner due to his speed and grace. And for the most part of the battle, it seems that these attributes will win. As soon as it seems that Rob Roy has finished, he turns the tables into a shockingly grotesque manner. The first time you see what happens, you are likely to be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully shot, he acted remarkably and walked well. The score is also memorable. The cast choices seemed to work, since Jessica Lange, who may seem inappropriate for her, actually turns into one of the most powerful performances like Mary MacGregor. The film is brutal, but the blood is not so much. However, this lustful picture, full of deviant behavior. Nobility played in many ways immoral and mean. The film has no obvious flaws, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> Dog.
