This is a touching story about the legendary hero of Scotland, Rob Roy and his battles with feudal landowners. Like “Braveheart”, with which it is often compared, it is not very historical. Despite their primarily fictional character, I highly appreciate both of these films, and it will be difficult for me to choose between them. The 13th century, William Wallace, as noted by others, is more than a living national figure, and at the beginning of the 18th century, Rob Roy looks like a noble but ordinary Scot. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around the leader of the clan. Robert Roy MacGregor, who lives in a Scottish mountain cottage with his wife, Mary, and their two young sons. When the film begins, he and his clan comrades prey on thieves who stole cattle from a local lord. Then Rob Roy wants to improve the living conditions of his people, so he borrows one thousand Scottish pounds from a local nobleman, Marquis Montrose, to buy livestock for the herd to the market. He temporarily trusts this money to his friend Alan MacDonald. When both MacDonald and the money go missing, Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose, as well as with his despicable protege Archibald Cunningham and his slovenly factor Killarney. The honor of Rob Roy is also verified when Montrose tries to involve him in giving false testimony against his rival, the Duke of Argyll, whom he wants to accuse of being Jacobite. <br /> <br /> Charismatic Liam Leeson is magnificent like the killed Highlander Rob Roy, an intelligent, courageous, and noble hero and person whose sense of honor is crucial to this story. Personally, I feel that this is Nison's best performance, his accent (albeit Irish) adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, brave and honest person you can trust. He is a loving husband and father, and touchingly faithful to his friend MacDonald, who is accused of robbery. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth masterfully portrays his main opponent and, of course, one of the most disgusting and sadistic filmmaker villains, Archibald Cunningham, a selfish, ruthless, bombastic peacock. He is very effeminate for those who make rape of local women, whether willing or not, their main business. By itself, wretched Cunningham constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard, unaware of the identity of his father, although this hardly justifies his terrible atrocities associated with murder, rape and theft. In addition, he mercilessly throws aside the young servant Betty after she became pregnant from his child, which led to her suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and reckless Montrose, who is eventually considered the father of Cunningham. <br /> <br /> In essence, this film is a very believable love story between an ordinary man and his wife, beautifully depicting the passionate relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who question the presence of passion in marriage should follow this husband and wife! I think the phrase used by this couple: “How good you are for me ...” is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> The most persuasive performance, perhaps, belongs to Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Having no make-up, she has a beautiful but natural look of a strong peasant wife and mother. The actress gives a lot of courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by contemptible Cunningham, while the hideous Killarn looks at her. Her dialogue is understandable, but filled with pride and grace. I pay tribute to Hollywood that this time they showed enough on the scene of rape to show its cruelty, as well as Mary’s pain and humiliation, but nothing was meant for sensation. Their relative, Alastair MacGregor, shows emotional agony when she finds out about Mary’s rape, and continues to suffer, when she vows in secret to never tell her husband about her violation by Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film presents the beautiful landscapes of the Scottish Highlands, as well as luxurious historical costumes and corresponding musical works. There are no great battle scenes like in Braveheart, but there is a continuous exciting action and a particularly exciting sword fight in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a fascinating film featuring both intense action and a beautiful love story.
