Ride With the Devil has something rich and special if you can withstand slow development. Pursuing a dark, gritty theme, a brutal partisan war in the American West during its civil war (which, in turn, gave rise to the criminals of the old West of the 1870s), the film maintains a strangely satisfying, uncontrollable atmosphere. What I am referring to is the trend of music and film coverage, so that you feel the mood you expect to see. But RWTD instead has a relatively optimistic soundtrack, and allows words and actions to speak, setting the mood, rather than manipulating the viewer's feelings. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiast of this particular area of ​​CW history, I'm very impressed with the accuracy of the film. The diologist is skillfully written (even sometimes with a touch of humor) with references to bush hackers and previous battles abroad (for example, Independence ... Far from the Oregon Trail!). Minor events that occur with Jake's group are similar to real events that have occurred ... Especially the attack when they are hiding in the house, and the destruction of the store / booth. The scene of the battle, although rare, is fairly well executed. It even showed the first CW cavalry battle for the first time. <br /> <br /> The director shows the talent that everyone expects from Ang Lee in subtle ways. Example: Black John’s character is depicted mocking the resident of Lawrence during the massacre: “Where is your army? Who should we fight with? With whom should we fight?! ”Nothing will stop the slaughter while the voice continues) You are all cowards! Who are the cowards, right? These little things really improve the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> There are no bright areas in the history, which cannot be said about the masterpiece of the film “Glory”, which was mainly a figment in the context of Main Events. Some minor problems include the fact that the years shown by the presented events do not add up. But you will never notice. Even more curious is the fact that the only African-American character with a weapon in the film is a quasi-slave fighting for Jake and his allies. It is true that some African Americans fought for the Confederation, including the one who was searching for Lawrence for Quantrill before the attack (Who would suspect him?). Although this black rebel is an avid character (no matter what African Americans think of him), there is not a single black infantryman from the Union in the film who would be more representative of the black man’s experience in Western CW. One of the first black CW regiments was raised in Kansas (assassinator Jim Lane, and before the 54th Mass of Glory was organized), and the black forces played a critical role in battles like Baxter Springs, Kansas. Role. <br /> <br /> No obvious historical errors. A good, realistic action that is infrequent and not free. Good direction. This film may not be a blockbuster of another civil war, but this is the purest work of all.
