The interstate war was perhaps the darkest hour in American history; a war that set a brother against a brother, and a family against a family and left scars that even today have not healed and, in all likelihood, will never be. And, as in any story about any war, beyond any historical significance, personal dissonance behind a major conflict creates an emotional impulse that makes him involved. It is the human factor that makes the context necessary in order to give it the perspective that director Ang Lee offers in “Journey with the Devil”, the drama of the civil war, in which he focuses on personal suffering in a broader description of the war itself. and along the way, it is possible to include a study of one of the bloodiest chapters of the war, the infamous foray into Lawrence, Kansas, Quantrill and his raiders, which he managed to present quite objectively from the point of view of the Confederation. <br /> <br /> In 1863, the influence of the Union prevails in the state of Kansas, and even across the border in neighboring Missouri, those who have confederative loyalty, it is becoming increasingly difficult to resist the invasion of the northerners, especially without the help that can be considered »Troops of the Confederation. And when everything starts to heat up around their city, Jack Bull Chills (Skit Ulrich) and Jake Redel (Tobey Maguire) form their own group and join the fray, causing damage to the Union wherever it is practically possible. Jack Bull and Jake do not like War and do not like to kill; but they stand for what they think is right. <br /> <br /> However, there are others, even among their own, such as the young Pitt MacKeson (Jonathan Rhys Meyers), who use conflict as a means of personal gain and nothing more than an excuse. Express your own violent nature through unnecessary cruelty committed in many cases against innocent victims. So, for Jack Bull and Jake, as well as for many like them, there comes a time when loyalty and moral judgment will be put to a serious test; a time when their souls will be hardened in blood. And they will have to go with the devil himself, despite the irresistible at first glance chances. <br /> <br /> As in all of his films, director Ang Lee approaches his story through a keen, but at the same time, refined study of traditions and culture. aspects and moral attitudes of people and times that he portrays. And at the same time, Lee gives his audience at least some understanding of his subject, which goes beyond the real story and ultimately offers, perhaps, a deeper understanding of the motives that promote his characters and the drama in which they participate. Whether it is the traditions and customs that define the relationship between a father and his daughters (“Eat, drink, man, woman”), the consequences of class distinction (“Feeling and sensitivity”), honor and code, thanks to which a warrior lives and dies (“A crouching tiger , hidden dragon ”) or moral ambiguities caused by the lack of all of the above (“ Ice Storm ”), Lee gives his films an understanding of the human conditions that raise them to a higher level. This film is no exception; and (as he does with all his films), Lee presents his story with the help of exciting cinema (in this film by Frederick Elms, who also brilliantly played The Icestorm), which under his leadership is nothing more than visual poetry. This is a special touch of Lee, and it gives the thoughtful, reflective meaning of any story he tells, which is one of the elements that make his films so memorable. <br /> <br /> Like Jake, Tobey Maguire initially brings a sense of youthful innocence to a film that contrasts so effectively with the maturity that it conveys later as the plot progresses and its character along with it. Most importantly, Maguire reacts convincingly and plausibly to events that unfold around him, which increases the credibility of the film as a whole and underlines the realism of the presentation: its stoic death acceptance and news of those who are “killed” in various skirmishes and battles; the moral dignity that those with whom he meets, even in such troubled times; betrayal, which due to the nature of the conflict is almost commonplace; and loyalty and beliefs to which he and his comrades adhere tenaciously. This is all that Maguire achieves through his actions, and this is a considerable achievement. This, however, is a kind of learned, understated performance that is often taken for granted, which is regrettable; work like this is commendable and should be recognized. <br /> <br /> Skit Ulrich is as effective as Jack Bull, and Jewel (in her film debut) turns into an exciting performance in the role of Sue Li Shelley. However, Jeffrey Wright stands out in a well-known role of support like Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Rhys Meyers, who brings a frightening threat to his role as Pitt, like Christopher Walken. In addition, as a cameo (one scene), Mark Ruffalo leaves a lasting impression with very little time on the screen. <br /> <br /> Supporting staff - James Caviesel (John Black), Simon Baker (George Clyde)) Tom Geary (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantril), John Judd (Otto Roddel) and Kathleen Warfel (Mrs. Chiles). A civil war will forever become an open wound to a nation; but hopefully, over time, this will happen due to objective contemplations of such directors as Ang Lee, and films such as The Journey with the Devil, which will ultimately help close the split and promote healing. In the light of recent events, this is something that is absolutely necessary throughout the world. The film is a powerful tool; it can be both educational and entertaining, and perhaps in the future more filmmakers, such as Ang Lee, will perceive and promote a sense of unity through a sensitive description of events and attitudes that make us who we are. 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
