Taiwanese filmmaker Ang Lee, whose previous films include Feeling and Sensitivity and Ice Storm, turned to the US Civil War for his latest work. Based on the novel by Daniel Woodrell, he follows the exploits of a group of southern partisans known as Bush hackers when they fight their northern equivalents, the nightingales in the backwoods of Missouri. <br /> <br /> As expected, there are many intuitive actions, but the focus is on the tension that war created for young people who fought, many of whom fought against their former neighbors and even their families. Jake Rodel (Tobey Maguire) is such a person, or rather a boy, since he is only seventeen when the war reaches Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his countrymen and becoming a unionist, he joins his longtime friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skit Ulrich) and rides with bushes. Despite the lack of recognition due to his ancestors and unwillingness to participate in the murder of unarmed members of the Union, he remains loyal to the cause. Like his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave freed by another lumberjack and fighting for the south. <br /> <br /> Lee treats the subject with aplomb, never omitting the deep introspection that the plot requires in favor of action, and this gives the film a sense of the reality of war - long periods of boredom and expectation, coupled with random flashes of terribly horrific battles . The action is unappealing and delightfully frank, recognizing that both sides committed a large number of atrocities. <br /> <br /> The performances are great, and Maguire and Wright are both courageous and worthy. Ascending Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is particularly cool as a cold-blooded killer, while Skit Ulrich is pleasantly courteous and arrogant. Lee never retreats from the reality of war, but his actors do a wonderful job demonstrating the benefits that flow from this — growing friendships, demonstrating courage and, on a wider scale, liberating oppressed peoples. A trip with the devil is a beautiful and deeply sympathetic film that regularly shocks, but always excites the public.
