<br /> <br /> In the run-up to Ang Lee's film “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon” I saw this in a blockbuster and decided to try it. A film about a civil war is not a typical film that I watch. Fortunately, I had a good feeling about this director. This film was beautifully written. Dialogue in the old southern style, but sounds inappropriate and inappropriate. A spectacular game helped this aspect of the film. Tobey Maguire was awesome. I thought he was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here he shines. I always thought of Skye Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is excellent. The big shock for me was Jewel. She was amazingly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I had never heard of before, is also great in this film. It seems to me that a great acting game, great writing and directing go hand in hand. A movie with a bad script makes the actors look bad and vice versa. This movie had the perfect combination. The actors look great, and the character development is impressive. This film makes you want and hope for good things for some and bad things for others. This allows you to truly get acquainted with characters that are very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and keeps you on the edge of your place, guessing and ready for anything at any time. Literally dozens of times I was sure that someone would be killed in silent parts of the film that were “too quiet” (brilliant direction). It was also a beautifully filmed movie. The scenery was not breathtaking (this is in Missouri and Kansas for God's sake), but there was definitely a lot of attention paid to choosing a beautiful nature. It has this coarse and coarse feeling, but retains an elegance that is very pleasing to the eye. The film was deep. It told the story and made you think. It had layers under that foreign history of civil war. In particular, he focuses on two characters who are not quite sure what they are fighting for. There were many deeper questions in this film, too many to be selected. It was like a beautifully written story filled with symbolism and artistic additions that make you think during and after the story is over. If you like great acting, writing, lots of action and some of the best directors, watch this movie! Take the chance.
