I have already watched this movie on DVD twice, and both times he never ceased to amaze me with his unique impartial attitude. It's more like a depiction of reality than most other Hollywood dishes, especially on a topic that is still hotly debated. Despite the fact that he is closely connected with the southern point of view, he cannot help but question this, and as a result, the only suggestion made is that war is lost, despite everything, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <What really makes this film outstanding is the rejection of excessive dramatization. At the present time there are few really good films (in a nutshell), and they are very far from each other, and the usual fare is pleasant (if you do not have high expectations), but terribly commercially active. I think this film looks like a really good film (not being a masterpiece), because it sticks to itself and gives the viewer the opportunity to watch and analyze it, rather than wanting to bombard it with effect and emotions, to erase its intelligence. This film is cool, observant and, as a rule, frivolous in its judgment, and it is WELL. <br /> <br /> The story has its flaws, especially with the character “Jewel”, which raise doubts, but, again, the situation at that time was so chaotic that it would be logical for the young widow to somehow return to a normal life, even if he freely took each next guy. However, she does not look weak, in fact, I think she is one of the most powerful characters, she always controls the relationship, and men are just tagged. And I am very grateful that she is not a weeping widow. I believe that in the 19th century, the death of a loved one was something more normal than it is now. You could die so easily even from minor illnesses and injuries, so the likelihood that someone will die, and undoubtedly cause grief, does not injure people as it is now. People do not seem to build shrines about their lost, as they are now, and I like this attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is for smart people to watch this movie if they want something. different from the usual Hollywood fare. Do not look, whether you want non-stop action or heart-rending emotions.
