Gojoe is one of the least praised events of the recent Asian period, initially slow and often curious, but on the whole quite astonishing offer, exciting, multi-layered and beautiful. I am sad to say that I know practically nothing about Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and the legend that surrounds this film, so its deep meanings are lost to me, but even without contextual knowledge, this is still a rich fare, taking the traditional fantasy structure An impressive higher plan. The story of Benkei, a warrior monk and possibly a demon who seeks enlightenment, destroying the Gojo Bridge demon: Prince Shanao himself a mortal seeker of his highest plane, but this time the power of demons. Thus, the film becomes a subject of illusions, and in the case of Benkay - indecision, conflict, in which the real goal is self-knowledge, so that Benkay will come to terms with his true nature, and for Prince Shanao - face to face with what he aspires to become. He is even more hampered by the fact that his dark nature makes him fundamentally contradictory to the world, even when he is not in open conflict, he never feels calm. Directed by Sogo Ishii considers this film as epic, with a measured pace, camera work is always stylish and often insane, without neglecting the need for more pacifying moments to dive into the location, lighting and fog are also widely used to give ethereal atmosphere, in most of the film there is an atmosphere of fantasy, but outside of obvious supernatural moments it is a dirty fantasy with more periods than periods of fantasy. The cinematography of Makoto Watanbe is important here, a vivid and detailed, richly evocative story. In reality, Daisuke Ryu is worthy and powerful with mysterious savagery, like Benkey, while Tadanobu Asano has a strong cold arrogance, like Prince Shanao. Masatoshi Nagase concludes that he is an ordinary person, intelligent and cynical, but still not understanding what the stakes are. The film blends well with each other, but sometimes it is flabby, it starts slowly, some shots stretch a little, and episodes of epic battles sometimes last longer than is strictly necessary. As for fights, they are shot frantically, not in real movements, they have artistic influence, but they can disappoint fans of regular actions, often hidden by objects, sparkling blades and fast moving personalities, the order of the day is a whirlwind of deadly force. but in the end, I could do a little more traditionalism. There is also some unsuccessful bloodshed by cgi, it works somewhat in context, but still distracts. In general, although I think this is a pretty good film, it is not intended for action movie fans or fencing fans looking for another Azumi, rather a deeper and more mystical beast, its ending, in particular, will not be well received by fans of a more general wing. such a fare. But for me, it really struck, and for those who are adventurous, it could happen. Well recommended anyway.
