The ogre doesn't seem to have gained a very good reputation since its release in 1988, and I guess the reason for this may be that he was given the subtitle "Demons 3" to help him sell better. Well, the film is directed by Lamberto Bava ; The man behind the first two films "Demons" and ogres and demons are somewhat similar (in any case, they are both "monsters") ... but other than that, this film has nothing to do with the other two films. This, however, is pretty good! Italian directors are known for robbing popular films, and for the time being this is not quite obvious; It seems to me that this one has gained considerable influence from Hellraiser. The plot is about a horror writer woman who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is haunted by memories of when she was a child, and found ogres living in her basement. Shortly after moving to the castle, these visions return ... and this may be more than just a coincidence, as she concludes that a murderous cannibal lives in the basement. <br /> <br /> The film was obviously shot on budget and made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but for what it is, it is definitely a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava may not have had such a sharp eye as his father, Mario; but he needs time to create a premonition atmosphere that really complements the film. The central setting, the large castle, is the perfect place for such a story, and Lamberto does his best; even if it involves ripping off excellent movies from time to time; such as the inferno style pool scene. The plot itself is not as good as the atmosphere, since several scenes are drawn out for too long, and the relationship between the characters is rather strange (especially between husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava copes with special effects for a bit. The ogre himself looks very stupid, and this is a good job that we do not often see. We are reducing everything to a suitable, though very predictable, final one, and in general, I must say that this film is much better than expected and recommended.
