For those who have not yet seen this film, I have a friendly warning: do not watch "La Casa dell'Orco", waiting for any demons, because you will not find them here. This film is not the third part of the Demons series and has nothing to do with it, except for the fact that it was led by Lamberto Bava. In fact, the “Church” of Michel Soavi is also known as the unofficial “Demons 3”, in which case this is a deceptive name, so understand the figure. Obviously, thanks to the success of the movie "Demons"; they tried to deceive the public with misleading names, although it is obvious that this is an incoherent story. On the other hand, I think it is unfair to say that “La Casa dell'Orco” is not worth looking at. To be honest, the film is quite atmospheric, and although there are some unintentionally hilarious situations, I thought it was really creepy in general. However, I think it would be fair to say that the story is somehow trying to imitate Lucy Fulci's House to the Cemetery. Of course, this is just an assumption, but I think I have strong evidence. For example, in both films Paolo Marco is a family man, in both films there is an annoying little son named Bobby, in both films a woman at home is a beautiful woman of more than thirty years old who seems to be the only one to see that in a new house something really wrong, and in both films something really, really wrong is happening in the basement. Sorry, but I can relate both films very easily, and I don’t say this as an accusation. On the contrary, I want to say that those who liked “The House at the Cemetery” may also enjoy this film, bearing in mind, of course, that “La Casa dell'Orco” is much less pretentious, less scary, not so atmospheric, but the formula is still there. <br /> <br /> At La Casa dell'Orco, Charel, her husband Tom and their little son Bobby go on vacation to a deserted village. The castle, located in the heart of the Italian villa called Trifiri. Leaving aside the beauty of this place, soon after their arrival, Chariel begins to feel that she was there before, which is impossible, given that she had never been to Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Chariele cannot cope with her deja vu, and the worst thing is that her visions accompany the image of a terrible creature stalking her. Tom, who from the very beginning is not a very patient guy, advises her to put aside senseless hallucinations and enjoy the rest. However, the visions of women are becoming more and more real, and the peace and quiet that they were supposed to enjoy suddenly turn into a living nightmare. The old childhood nightmare Chariela becomes real, and this time she will not be able to escape without encountering this formidable enormous. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot somehow turns out to be a bit simplified and, as a result, it’s difficult to fill an hour and a half. This means that “La Casa dell'Orco” offers more than a couple of episodes in which there is nothing but total silence and the image of the main character, who walks through the castle for a few minutes, enlivening the images of her childhood and nothing more. From time to time it becomes quite tiresome, but on the whole nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films that came out in the late eighties, this film is quite stylish and effective, but it also offers a lot of unexpected funny moments that make the film memorable. For example, the part in which Charl brutally struck her husband and instead of going to her bedroom, crying, as I expected, she strikes back, hitting him on the face very hard and running into the forest like a maniac, The funniest However, this is the fact that after two minutes they became a happy couple again, as if beating each other in this way was the most natural thing in the world. I know this is stupid, but I myself found it absolutely ridiculous. The ogre (who is obviously the villain of this story) looks terribly and funny at the same time, and let's face it: a villain who can make us angry and make us laugh a little is twice welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in the Thriller, but much more natural and human, of course. But if you focus on the really good aspects that I mentioned earlier: the music written by Simon Boswell is one of the most striking features, and even if it is almost always the same, it fits perfectly and helps to create a rather gloomy atmosphere in times of tension. Therefore, if I have to give my final statement regarding this film, I will have to say that I cannot help but love it, including some minor flaws, and most people who like these typical Italian horror films of the late eighties won out not be disappointed. It has all the typical and always well-accepted clichés, such as the crazy old man who is actually telling the truth, the local creepy woman who is said to be a witch, a creepy castle, a huge dark basement with a terrible secret and the locals. who are trying to hinder the tourist with their hostility, to stay away from the notorious lands. I would say that “La Casa dell'Orco” deserves two thumbs and a blow to your spouse’s face as a way to pay tribute to the heroine of this story. Take this movie as it is and enjoy it.
