"Anchors Aweigh" is a product of MGM's classic musical production, and the film as a whole is enjoyed by the good music of Jules Stein and others, Gene Kelly's great dance (and even Frank Sinatra's tolerable work), and a funny, well-thought-out script. The only major element that I would criticize is the casting of Katherine Grayson, whose presence in the film always means that the audience will be subjected to endless pseudo-operatic singing from a miniature miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays the Navy. a soldier named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation on the ship as a lover, but whose valentino charm is constantly subject to the presence of his less vile friend with an incredible middle American name Clarence (Sinatra). After receiving 3 days of vacation on the beach to save Clarence’s life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girlfriend based on the dubious premise that he owes him something to save his life. They are compiled by a cop (Rags Ragland) who needs them to help persuade a premature young boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the fleet and return home to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). At first, Clarence is interested in caring for Aunt Susan, but in the end, Kelly's character becomes a more likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several outstanding musical scenes, but nothing can compare with Kelly's more famous work in films like Singing in the Rain and American in Paris. The closest thing we get is a trick with the character Kelly in a fantastic sequence, dancing with Jerry, the mouse from Tom and Jerry (although he seems to be closer in size to a dog or cat than to a mouse). This is an amazing sequence for its time, but does not have enough complexity or emotion to really stand the test of time. I really liked the parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly used semi-ballet movements to emphasize the transition to the world of fantasy, and where we see him dancing in a tunnel that looks like something straight from Alice. in Wonderland. "<br /> <br /> In the end, the characters end up in Susan's favorite bar, a Mexican restaurant and bar in Tijuana. There the sponsors are happy to let Miss Grayson chirp her arias and the management are very excited about the opportunity that Clarence and Joe was given a chance to sing with her “friend” Jose Iturbi (playing themselves with a light humorous touch). Of course, they never met their “friend” Iturbi, and they spend most of the length of the movie trying to reach him (in the funny scene Sinatra meets Iturbi, but with pushes him as a piano tuner and urges him to abandon piano tuning and try a professional career), making his way into the studio and the Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi rehearses a surrealistic symphony of dozens of young pianists? Did you not see anything like “Dr. T "Iturby himself is a kind of god figure in history? He represents an opportunity for salvation from hard work of unsatisfactory labor and an opportunity for fame and artistic achievement for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi hears Miss Grayson, her operatic career will become a reality. The three main characters are desperately trying to reach him, and they think of him as some distant and distant mythological figure most of the charm and humor of the film derives from the contrast of this perception to very mundane "real" manners of the maestro. And, speaking of Iturbi’s contribution to the film, he also gives a very stimulating musical moment with his orchestral interpretation of Donkey Serenade. <br /> <br /> When all is said and done, this is a movie that no one likes musicals will want to miss. Most of the music was written for this film, a nice contrast with the reworked soundtracks for other Kelly opuses, such as “Rain” and “American”. Kelly is still at an early peak, adventurous and noisy, both in dance and in character interpretation. Sinatra's voice was never in better shape, and he rarely had the best songs to sing. Stockwell is a charming addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is charming when she doesn't pose on stage. Iturbi adds this sound, but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the MGM musical of the classical era. This is one of the best.
