Although, in my opinion, this is one of the less significant musicals of the stars of Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Catherine Grayson and director George Sidney, a smaller musical with the participation of any of this lineup is not something that should be sneezed, but with it The lineup makes Anchors Aweigh a pretty good movie, despite its flaws. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly - Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, are two naval men. When the movie starts, they just come to the Los Angeles area to get the much needed vacation. Brady plans to visit a girl named Lola. Dolittle is still a little wet behind the ears, quite appropriately, and turns to Brady for advice to women alone (publicly screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sydney make all the men of the Navy find it funny to exaggerate their wits with women). Brady promises to help connect Doolittle, but primarily because Doolittle does not leave him alone. Their plans include a kink when the local police basically force them to help a young boy who is obsessed with the navy. He will not give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps, and he and Dolittle eventually take the boy home. When the boy’s guardian finally appears, Susan Abbott (Grayson), Doolittle becomes a gaga for her. Brady tries to convince him to forget about her; Brady just wants to return to Lola. But they continue to be persuaded to return to Abbott’s house, and eventually something like a love triangle is formed. The situation becomes more complicated when Brady lies that Dolittle knows the famous musician José Iturbi, who lives in a film studio, and claims that Dollitt auditioned for Abbott, the singer and actress, in front of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because of the plot, the music is a strange combination of militaristic music — because of the premise of the navy, obviously, Broadway pop music — that stars tend to sing in a more informal setting, the opera what makes Abbott's character, the popular classic similar to Liberace, - what Iturbi did, and Mexican music - because Abbott frequently visits a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican part of Los Angeles. The combination doesn't work as well as it could. Many songs are good, and all participants are undoubtedly talented as singers or musicians, but the jumps of the genre tend to lose their sequence. Worse, there is a pair of showcases for Iturbi, who at the time was, apparently, a big star who effectively stops the plot and seems at the moment to be more than abnormal. I just watched another film in which, as it turned out, there was outstanding music, Kansas City by Robert Altman (1996), but this mistakenly stopped the plot, which periodically turned into a concert film. Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tactic. Yes, this is a musical, but there is a difference between songs that move and are an integral part of the plot and concert windows, which seem to be a material of contractual obligations. <br /> <br /> There are also some problems with the plot. It is not very well known why Brady is against the pursuit of Dulittle Abbott. We can guess that Brady thinks that Doolittle should not mess with someone who should take care of the child, and who seems relatively “right” and traditional, but on the other hand, Brady can say that Doolittle does not have the same . Feminine mood, which Brady recognizes in himself. Abbott seems to be suitable for Doolittle, and besides, Lennart is working hard to establish that Brady just wants to throw Doolittle out of his hair and continue meeting with Lola - it looks like Brady’s character should quickly put Doolittle on any candidate well she’s good or not. This may seem like a minor detail, but in reality it is a hinge between a third and a half of the plot. The story also seems a bit drawn out. Length is the problem. Aweigh anchors, including about two hours and twenty minutes, should have been cut by at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> The above probably sounds like I'm complaining too much about a film to justify 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I consider to be shortcomings because the conventional wisdom in Avei Anchors is much closer to the idea that there are no flaws in it. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separately and together. They turn into good, interesting views. Sinatra looks and acts much younger than its actual age of 29 years. 30 while shooting. He plays an unusually naive, virgin character - completely different than most of the roles he will perform later, and differs from his public image as a singer. For Kelly, it was his breakthrough film, and rightly so. His choreography is diverse and impressive, as is his acting skills. Grayson is charming, her performance is subtlely refined, and she is simply gorgeous. All this helps to overcome the shortcomings of the script and stretched rhythm. <br /> <br /> And even a very interesting element that probably only arose because Sydney was allowed to spread to a wide variety of moods - the infamous Kelly dance with Jerry Mouse (Tom and Jerry celebrities) in the expanded fantasy sequences. This is one of the earliest examples of combining live action and animation, and is very well done and fun if you're a fan of fantasy. Fantasy sequences are usually the best from the movie. Perfectly combines a long song and dance performance with Kelly and Grayson to dance with Jerry Mouse, where Brady presents Abbott in a scene from a historical film while he achieves her using acrobatic tricks to achieve her physically she stands on a high balcony . <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film is uneven and defective, the film is largely successful and interesting to watch. Fans of the classic musical should not miss Anchors Aweigh, as well as Sinatra fans who enjoy their character.
