This film (for example, Astaire's “ROYAL WEDDING” - which was shown after it on the Turner Classic Network last night) is known for one musical sequence that took place in Gene Kelly's recording: how Fred Aster dances with a clothes hanger and then dances around This film Gene Kelly danced in a cartoon with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is well done. What is forgotten is that Kelly tells the story behind the animated story Dean Stockwell and his classmates at school during the break between the days and sets the scene, forcing Stockwell and others to close their eyes and imagine the pastoral type of background. Kelly even changes the naval blues, which he actually wears, into a white “Pomeranian” navy uniform with blue stripes on it. Jerry Mouse doesn't just dance with Gene. He actually says - the first is that he has not repeated for many decades. He also finally puts Tom Kota in his place - Tom briefly appears in the role of the butler of King Jerry, trying to cheer him up with a dish of cheese. <br /> <br /> But the sequence of the cartoon with Kelly took about seven minutes. film. Much more of this peculiar film is related to Kelly’s story about a four-day Hollywood vacation lost and how Kelly ends up meeting Kathryn Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) pursuing Jose Iturbi at the MGM studio, the Hollywood ball and Iturby. own house. Except that these two sailors did not cause any harm, this film could be quite disturbing. <br /> <br /> Kelly saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific Ocean and as a result she received a medal. They are both among the crew members in California, who receive a four-day vacation. But the writers (to promote what would be a short film - Kelly plans to spend four days having sex with one Lola, an invisible girl from Hollywood, having a good time), saddling Jean with Frank. <br /> <br /> Frank seems to be one of those idiots who appear in a film after a film about film factories (especially musical comedies) who are socially underdeveloped and need “admonition” about meeting girls (or guys) female characters). Frank insists that Jin help “teach him” how to start a girlfriend. It was then that the policeman brought them to headquarters to help the policemen with a little boy (Stockwell), who insisted on joining the fleet (and would not give the police his real name and address). When protester Kelly can get this information from Stockwell by asking him a few simple questions (which the police could not ask), they insist that Kelly take the boy home to his aunt (Grayson). Still protesting, Kelly is facing increasingly complex issues (mainly due to Sinatra’s simplistic view of things). He misses meeting Lola the next day because he is sleeping too late - Sinatra felt he looked like such a peaceful sleep that he did not wake him. He continues to be dragged back to Grayson’s house, because Sinatra feels that she is the right woman for herself, but needs Kelly to teach him lovemaking. <br /> <br /> I suppose that my presentation of the plot may annoy the ANCHOR fans. HORRIBLE, but this story annoys me. While Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi are first-class singing, dancing and concert music, it is annoying to take seriously the idiocy of someone like Sinatra's character. In the real world, Kelly, damn it, would have knocked him out of himself for following him at the beginning of the four-day vacation - what right does he have to insist (as Sinatra does) that those who save their lives should help him learning how to date? This kind of nonsense always destroys for me the whole affection of the musical - unless the musical numbers are so big as to make me forget this nonsense. <br /> <br /> Tracking Iturbi is also annoying. Kelly is trying to get Grayson to like Sinatra when he says that Sinatra can invite her to meet Jose Iturbi to listen to her singing abilities. Most of the rest of the picture, Sinatra and Kelly try to do this and continue to waver (at some point — for no particular reason — Grayson herself destroys Kelly’s attempt to interview MGM with Iturbi). This is just luck (that Iturby is a pity for the embarrassed Grayson) that she gives him an audition for her talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, ends with Grayson. Sinatra’s conscience is that she cannot help her see Iturbi, makes him ashamed that he is worried about her (but, oddly enough, does not draw Kelly into it), and in the meantime he accidentally encounters a meeting with the waitress (Pamela Britton ) from his native Brooklyn. And, naturally, without any help from Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, the "consistency"! Your name is not a "script" necessarily!
