Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who have a four-day vacation in Hollywood. Joe knows all about girls and can't wait to see Lola, while Clarence is more modest and needs advice from his boyfriend on how to meet girls. Then they run into a little boy, Donald Martin, who escaped to join the fleet. They take him home and meet his beautiful aunt Susan, who wants to be a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his girl, but his shyness is in the way. But he is not shy with a waitress who comes from Brooklyn as he does. Soon, Joe notices that he is in love with Susie. The boys are embarrassed when they lie to Suzy at a meeting with a great music producer they don't even know. Because they are in contact with their feelings. "Anchors Aweigh" by George Sidney (1945) is a great musical comedy. Gene Kelly is a first-class musician, again in his singing and dancing routine. Franz Sinatra is awesome as a shy guy from Brooklyn. She is not the first thing that comes to mind when you think of Frank Sinatra, but he plays his part well. Catherine Grayson is fantastic as Susan Abbott. We sadly lost this gifted actress and opera soprano singer last month at the age of 88. 9-year-old Dean Stockwell does an amazing job as a little Guy who wants to be a sailor. Jose Iturbi does an excellent job. This is the magic that he does with the piano. Edgar Kennedy plays the head of the police station. Sarah Berner - the voice of Jerry Mouse. There are a lot of great things in this movie and some fantastic rooms for singing and dancing. Just see how Kelly and Sinatra perform "We hate leaving." It is so energetic. “If you knew, Suzy (as I know Suzy),” this is pretty funny. This is a good moment when Frank sings of Brahms' Lullaby for little Dean Stockwell. It's nice to hear Grayson singing Jealousy Tango. The most memorable sequence is the one that enters the vibrant fantasy world, and there Jeanne sings and dances with Jerry Mouse. You can also see Tom Kota there as a butler. They were originally like Ked Mickey Mouse, but he refused. The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll received one for the Original musical score. Anchors Aweigh - some high class entertainment.
