ANCHOR MEETS that two young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), receive a special four-day vacation on shore. Seeking to get to the girls, especially from Lola Joe, neither Joe nor Brooklyn figure in interrupting the little insane Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his aunt Susy (Catherine Grayson). Inexperienced in the ways of women and courtship, Brooklyn quickly recruits Joe to help him defeat Aunt Susy. On the way, however, Joe finds himself in love with a girl who, in his opinion, belongs to his best friend. How is Brooklyn going to accept this betrayal? Did Joe end up with Suzy, who loves him too? <br /> <br /> The first and second time I saw the ANCHOR INNER, I also saw it at the same time as IN THE CITY, Kelly / Sinatra collaboration since 1949. Both times, I felt that “ANCHOR WEIGHT” was the best film in terms of plot and structure — all dances and songs correspond to the moment of the plot, and they develop the characters and the story rather than interfere with them. However, both times I left, feeling that the film "ON THE CITY" is the best film in general. Having seen both films for the third time, I still hold to this judgment. Somehow, "ON THE CITY", as a film and part of the entertainment, is simply easier, more fun, simply and simply "happier." The numbers are more outrageous and less integral to the plot, and yet, one way or another, it works better than all the dances and singing in “ANCHORS”. I'm not quite sure why this is so. A typical argument is that the last film is too long: almost two and a half hours, this is certainly a real criticism. I certainly felt the length the first two times when I saw it! However, this is also a film that grows on you - the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical prowess involved in its creation. And yet, something does not quite fit well. It seems that the script was carefully crafted, and * every * moment when Kelly could start dancing, or Sinatra in the song, was noted, and this is exactly what happened. It was not possible to select a musical number, and this is probably the biggest weakness of the film. He has 16 numbers (give or take a few), and no matter how big a fan of Kelly or Sinatra you are, after a while he really starts to go numb. (Compare this, for example, with ten numbers in "ON THE CITY".) You may well feel that every song, every dance can not be removed from the film, without leaving a lack of it ... and that's true. But this is also because the authors were no more restrained in adding them in the first place. <br /> <br /> This whole long preamble doesn’t mean that there is nothing good about AWEIGH Anchors. The musical * splash * with loud songs exploding everywhere, such as duets between Kelly and Sinatra ("We hate parting", "I asked her" and "If you knew Suzy"), singing Sinatra ("That" Does Sunset, " Charm of you "and, which is the most pleasant," I fall in love too easily ") and, without a doubt, the always ingenious, always breathtaking Kelly dance. It is also difficult to miss the cast of this caliber. Grayson is sweet and seems to improve every time she views (her voice becomes staggering, not frightening); The role of José Iturbi is written sympathetically, and he copes with it well; even Claire’s own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, sweet and charming ... as close as you could to Betty Garrett without being Garrett herself! Sinatra is delightful with its blue eyes and curls and beautifully plays an innocent boy (the role he repeats in the film "ON THE CITY"). His singing, as usual, is just unmistakable from speaking to determining the time and expression. His solo numbers may seem a little tight, but when you have the voice of a century, showing it up is probably just as good a reason as any other to slow down the rest of the movie! <br /> <br /> Gene Genius Kelly in this film is worthy of a separate paragraph. Third place in the ranking after Sinatra and Grayson, respectively, "Anchors AWEIGH" - Kelly film. His Joe Brady is a believable, real character - he is tough on the outside, lively and ready to lie when it is necessary to win a gal, but in fact he is the biggest software inside. Kelly makes it charming, not overcover, but it also gives Joe a real advantage that you see in the scene when Joe stalks Brooklyn around the room with a sincere murderous facial expression and breakfast tray in hand. And "dancing" - again, the film suffers from the syndrome of "too much good spoils the effect," as happens with the singing of Sinatra. But once again, if this Gene Kelly makes soft shoes, or knocks on the screen in sailor clothes, or dressed as the leader of the bandits ... may also be mistaken on the side to overdo it! All of Kelly's dances are breathtaking, whether the stripped-down simplicity of his room with Sinatra on “I begged her”, his “Mexican hat dance” with a cute little girl with wide eyes or his generous Spanish dance influenced by the Spaniards "La Cumparsita". Of course, the classic image that will forever remain in the minds of the audience will be Kelly in his red-white-and-blue sailor suit, dancing with Jerry Mouse from the celebrity Tom and Jerry. Of course, the well-deserved memory of the golden film - it is not often possible to say that you are impressed with the special effects in the 1945 film, given the richness of CGI on the modern film market. But Gene and Jerry still look great, and Kelly always hits their places and looks exactly where he needs to look. * It would appear * that almost the only people who could really keep up with Gene Kelly would be Kelly himself (in GIRL'S COVER) and animated animation. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that this first cheeky, inventive dance of Kelly with Jerry reserved a place for ANCHOR BUILT in the history of cinema and the hearts of fans of classic cinema. But he is also notable for being the first of the three Kelly / Sinatra collaborations, and, although it was too long, still a great couple of hours of entertainment. Look at it first, then again and maybe again - it will grow on you before you understand it! 7.5 / 10
