D.W. Griffith could make any film he wanted after the huge financial success of “The Birth of a Nation”; He chose the most technically ambitious film Intolerance for this date. He ventured with such innovations in the installation and form of the film, and the result was a well-known financial train wreck. Buster Keaton does not take such a risk from the Three Centuries, a parody of Intolerance. This is Keaton's first full-length film (he only starred in The Head). He had a backup plan to split the three episodes in this film into three separate shorts, which Griffith did to Intolerance. Keaton should not have. Chaplin had already succeeded with full-length comedies, so if Keaton ventured here, he was fully calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin has already done a parody of another film, also with Burlesque on Carmen (1915). Keaton seems to be hinting at this film. The fight scene in the episode of Ancient Rome mentions sword fighting, which turns into a fight in the Chaplin film. The funny distance from the plot of both scenes is the same. In addition, Chaplin’s film imitated the glossy Carmen style of Demill, and Chaplin’s film seemed like a tribute to this film. Keaton does not attempt radical editing, narrative structure, or monumental character in his parody, but, nevertheless, he shows respect for "intolerance." At the very least, stories are not entirely straightforward, as in other films after Intolerance, such as Leaves from the Book of Satan by Dreier (Blade af Satans bog, 1921) and Fate by Fritz Lang (Der Müde Tod, 1921) . Between the episodes there is a light jump back and forth. <br /> <br /> However, Keaton took a chance in his physical, bold comedy. That Keton inadvertently cannot jump over buildings in the modern episode. He was reportedly convinced to change the scene, rather than trying to jump again. And not only Keaton ventured; for example, the anachronistic baseball gag was pretty dangerous. Thus, although in a different way, Keaton, like Griffith, risked his great film. And I think they both succeeded.
