A famous cinematographic phenomenon of the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars, which went to actors playing characters with physical or mental disabilities. The first was the Marley Matlin award for Children of the Lesser God in 1986, and the next ten years was another award for the Best Actress (Holly Hunter for The Piano in 1994) and at least five for the Best Male Role. Awards (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for Rain, Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for My Left Foot, Al Pacino in 1992 for The Scent of a Woman, Tom Hanks in 1994 for Forrest Gump and Jeffrey Rush) in 1996 for The Shining) for images of people with disabilities. Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is deaf herself, but everyone else is able to work. <br /> <br /> At that time, this phenomenon caused some negative comments, and it was suggested that these awards are awarded for political correctness rather than for the quality of the game. When Jodie Foster failed to win the "Best Actress" for "Nell" in 1994, some people saw this as evidence of a backlash against this kind of image. However, I believe that most of these awards were deserved. I thought that the 1992 award should have been given to either Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey than Pacino, but apart from that, the only one I disagree with would be Hanks ”, and this is because I preferred Nigel Hawthorne’s performance on“ Madness King George. "In this film, of course, Hawthorne played a character who was mentally ill. <br /> <br />" My left foot "was based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and artist Christie Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of thirteen children from the working family of Dublin. He was born with cerebral palsy It was mistakenly thought at first that he was mentally retarded. For a long time he was incapable of deliberate movement or speech, but he eventually found out that he could control the movements of one part of his body, his left leg (hence the name). writing and drawing, holding a piece of chalk between the toes, and becoming an artist, a publicist and a poet. Living in a working Dublin in the thirties and forties can be difficult, and the city of Jim Sheridan (Dublin himself) shows us that in many ways it's dark, gray , Bleak place, quite different from our usual idea of ​​"Emerald Isle". (Later, Sheridan and Day-Lewis worked on another film on the Irish theme “In the Name of the Father”). However, the courage and spirit of their people, especially the Brown family, should be opposed against this. In many ways, the success of Christie was associated with the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be legalized and always believed in the intellect hidden under their crippled appearance, and from his brothers and sisters. We see how his brothers rolled him in a specially made cart and how they helped his father-bricklayer to build Christie’s own room in the backyard. <br /> <br /> The film could easily shift into sentiment and become just another heartbreaking film Triumph over Adversity. The fact that this is not the case is due to a number of factors, mainly a great game. During his career, Day-Lewis gave some excellent presentations, but this, along with the recent “There Will Be Blood”, is his best. He is never less than 100% convincing as Christie; his tormenting, abrupt movements and strenuous attempts at speech convince us that we are really watching the disabled, although intellectually we know well that Day-Lewis is able-bodied. Other performances that stand out are from Fiona Shaw in the role of his mentor Dr. Eileen Cole, from Hugh O'Conor in the role of young Christie and from Brenda Fricker as Mother Christie (who received her in the nomination “Best Supporting Actress”). <br /> <br /> Another reason the film avoids sentimentality is that it does not try to sentimentalize its main character. Christie Brown had a difficult life, but it was also difficult to live with him, and the film gives us a portrait of “warts and everything”. He was a heavy drinker because of obscene language and a penchant for outbursts of rage. He could also be selfish and manipulate others, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course, this also shows us the positives - his courage, his determination and his evil sense of humor. Day-Lewis’s actions are not only physically convincing, because they convince us to believe in his character’s inability, but also emotionally and intellectually convincingly, as they reveal all these different aspects of Christie’s character. His Oscar was won by the teeth of some very strong opposition, such as Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but this was well deserved. 8/10
