Jackie Chan's classic directorial film POLICE STORY (1985) is one of the most influential and distinguished police officers ever to come out of Hong Kong. Jackie just wanted to make a film that would include the usual kung-fu, as well as a tough game with weapons and other "urban" actions that later became very popular and typical for such directors as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY mixes these two elements of action and style, and the result is as wild as it sounds. <br /> <br /> Jackie is played by Chan Ka-Kui, the police who defend an important witness (Bridget Lin), who will soon testify against a powerful gangster boss and his criminal activities. Jackie's girlfriend is played by the young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not so wild here as she would have been in her subsequent roles, such as the “Heroic Trio” (and continued) Johnny To, “The Savior of the Soul” Corey Yuen, David Lai and many others. a lot others. The plot in “Police Story” is very simple, but this action, because of which this film was shot in the first place. <br /> <br /> Of course, Jackie himself did all the tricks of his character, and also got badly hurt. a couple of scenes, some of which are also in the finished film, as in the end, in which Jackie beats himself on the head (near the eyes) through a very unpleasant, sharp piece of glass. Also, members of the crew of Jackie almost died during the filming of this film. The scene in which the bus stops right before Jackie, spitting out the kidnappers through the windshield is very bad, the bus stops too early and the stuntmen do not fly as they should. They had to fly in a car parked in front of the bus, but their flight was too short and they hit the asphalt with injuries at the hospital level. There are behind-the-scenes images and images of these wounded actors during the final credits, and it all looks very bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one was killed or wounded too badly. <br /> <br /> The action is more than plentiful and creative, as might be expected from the director (action) Chan. Now the legendary bus scene and the mall are, after all, most likely among the wildest scenes that have ever been in action. Jackie always says how important editing is (which is true), and it really shows in his battle scenes and their time, which makes movies look so ultra kinetic compared to, for example, Hollywood efforts. There are hardly any slow moments, as well as those moments that are interesting, and the film never becomes boring or difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> But there is another negative point that I can’t bear in the HK action comedy, it’s a comedy itself. Comedy is not funny, especially when mistakes and amateur elements in the script are not accidental, but because the writer wanted to add them there, without necessarily realizing that they are signs of a bad script and stupid dialogue. I mean scenes like the attempted murder in the beginning, when the killer just screams, screams and makes faces and behaves like a drunken clown from some horrible farce, and he is here to "kill" this girl. This kind of action is stupid and incompetent, and I would not want to see him in a film that is otherwise very good in its genre. Characters also express their thoughts, which is also a sign of a bad scenario, because these “loud thoughts” exist only to clarify the situation even for the most stupid spectator and, thus, to make things too simple and “easy”. Even if the film is comic and not so serious, such nonsense should not be, and they cannot be forgiven too easily. <br /> <br /> POLICE STORY - fast speed, full blow, action of balls on the walls is a miracle of adventures from Hong Kong and the time when Jackie was very sad because of the poor result he received with the American producer Protector, because he didn’t have the same thoughts about the film as director James Glikenhaus, and so the result was not Please, the audience and Jackie, and he returned to Hong Kong to make a more personal and inventive film. What he definitely did, and the result is as wild today as it was then in the 80s. This is one of the craziest militants in history, and without the flaws that I talked about, it would be somewhat ideal. 7/10
