The Jackie Chan Police Story is a landmark film for both the action movie genre in Hong Kong and Jackie Chan’s career. <br /> <br /> Chan director, screenwriter, the plot of the Police Story, like all movies of that era, has a main plot. and the genre, and, like most films from the movie "Police Stories", the script is not thrilled. But the plot of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays a nice police guy, trying his best to convict a local gangster. <br /> <br /> The film is nothing special, and this is by no means the best director's work. Jackie Chan gave us that responsibility falls on the underrated “Miracles” masterpiece. However, the work that Jackie does the director is sufficient and respectable. The most outstanding film direction comes with scenes of wrestling. <br /> <br /> In this film, Jackie’s performances also differ, in which he plays a very respectable typical Chan-nice guy, but this is not his Best Acting Role that could be seen in Sammo Hoon’s film “Dragon Heart”. Other actors in the film also give as solid a view as Jackie and Bridget Lin, who plays her role as an unwitting witness quite well, but she does not demonstrate her full acting potential. An outstanding game comes from Maggie Cheung as the suffering friend of Jackie and Bill Tung as a sympathetic and funny police chief. None of the performances in this film have a low enough level to affect the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> The action in the film is what really separates this film from the others with its stunning contemporary choreography, suitable for an urbanized, contemporary setting, the action is some of the biggest wrestling scenes ever filmed. To begin with, there was a shootout in the slums, in which Qu (gangster) makes a deal with drugs, although this is not the episode in the style of John Woo, which serves as a good start to the film. Then comes the famous car that runs down the hill and destroys everything that is visible through the heart of the slums. This is an exciting sequence, which has since been shamelessly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the film is another distinguished sequence, when Jackie tries to transport Bridget Lin from his home to himself. This is really the first scene in which we will see a tremendous fast pace of hand-to-hand combat, which has since become the norm for all modern martial arts films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed, and seamlessly edited together to maximize the brutality of the scene. Nevertheless, as the tradition goes, at the end of the film is a sequence of outstanding fights. This sequence displays some of the best Chans khans, tricks and camera work / editing. This sequence is now known for two things: the number of people sent through high-density glass, which needs to be said that this is a phenomenal number of people, and the trick at the end where Jackie jumps out of the balcony of the 5th floor is missing a pillar. and slides down through the glass roof (it needs to be seen to be believed). Although both of these factors are uniquely brilliant, I think the most impressive part of this battle sequence is Chance’s ability to include something in the battle sequence and the originality of the choreography, which for me has never improved. I also think that acting in the Police Story is one of the best shot and edited actions in Chance’s career, helping to distinguish the action from others. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Police Story, despite its extraordinary storyline and screenplay, and because of the outline of the plot, is one of the best action films of all time, showing Chan’s best choreography, best shot, and, perhaps, his most exciting trick doing this important viewing for everyone. After all, we are watching a film about Chan!
