Shakespeare "Behind Bars" was a strangely inspiring documentary, despite its content. Convicted in the Luther Lackett Correctional Facility in Lagrange, Kentucky, who were raped, murdered, etc. ?? and surrounded by bad people in a clearly depressing atmosphere, they find what they really like and can become important, popular and famous in acting. There are parallel themes for the “Shoushenk Redemption” with their institutionalized nature and the search for forgiveness and redemption in past lives. As we follow a generous, non-judgmental director who gives his time each year to direct some of the prisoners in the chosen play by William Shakespeare (this time “The Tempest”), which was cleverly depicted with prisoners who could have related to so many with his insightful emphasis on forgiveness and redemption, in which they trust and relate to), we meet each actor in official interviews that pleasantly keep up with the separation of their rehearsals. Each actor has his own story and tells about his regrets and the reasons why they are there in an emotional manner with melancholic music over each in the traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected prisoner (seemingly) is Sammy. It seems that the director immediately understands what the most interesting prisoners were in Sammy (and later in Hal), and allows for a longer, more in-depth observation of the person and his personality. His presence is felt on the screen, and his personal revelations shock the audience, but give him such attractiveness in his emotional personality, and a special empathy is felt towards him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the movie. He has other things that he does to spend time, which is shown as a convenient hobby, as it was when launching a program to broadcast news on the site. Again, thanks to personal interviews and revelations, which Hal himself acknowledged (and beautifully removed Hal’s body language business cards, rather than close-ups of his uncertain hand movement, observed not only with him, but with others), in particular, his heart felt the story about being unsure and frightened by his true sexuality in a society that simply will not accept him as a homosexual until the film shows that he is rather rude and rude to other prisoners participating in the play, as if he considers yourself above all x, in particular, Ron, who already has a disturbing nature of its action. The relationship between all the prisoners involved in the game is shown as a relationship of respect and unity to achieve something great for yourself. With good (if not cliché) time movements with titles, etc. ?? everything seems to go well in the first act, and then in the process of preparing for public performance, as expected, everything goes wrong. Putting one of the actors into action, which is translated, and his character is replaced by younger, new prisoners, gives the story a pleasant story to someone who promises much, but in the end disappoints everyone and does not meet their expectations. In particular, one prisoner (Big-G) welcomes the new actor prisoner (Rick) with a clear desire to educate him in his favorite practice and, I hope, to become a good role model. It seems that the film so well reflects the passion of each prisoner, which may be the audience, especially when Rick gets in the "Hole" to get new tattoos (something nice hinted earlier in the film when the warden stops a random prisoner in the yard). and asks him when he got a tattoo on his arm, and we find out that this is a punishable crime in the institution), and Big-G’s frustration is understood deeply. A happy ending? Everything looks great when they successfully perform (even if they are invited to perform in another place), and around them there is a feeling of true unity, but in the end, the film returns everyone to earth, that this is short-lived and all they ever had was or wanted, was and always will be taken away from them. He returned to prison to pay for his crimes, and no matter what redemption they seek, playing these plays, they will not be free people, their proud performances and recognition are undermined by the fact that they are the lowest of the lowest criminals and a pleasant stop. inspiring music, which sounds in the frame of a long corridor that coincides with the lights off and the doors closed, is a powerful depiction of their oppression. The director seemed to know that he was watching pretty people in a documentary, providing additional information at the end of the movie about each actor in the future from the end of the movie about where they are and what is happening to them now.
