If you are going to make a play in prison walls, why not choose the main playwright William Shakespeare? And if you are going to choose your team from a multitude of criminals who are serving long periods for the most heinous crimes, you can be sure that there will be enough time for rehearsals. In the Kentucky Correctional Prison, such a bold project was implemented with amazing results. This film shows how all this was done - casting, rehearsal, scenery and costumes, as well as the final presentation of Shakespeare's play “The Tempest”. It had never occurred to me before, but there is an analogy between the play and the prison. In the game, shipwrecked characters are limited to an island without contact with the outside world. Prison life is also very similar to this. <br /> <br /> With a simple painted background of the surrounding sea landscape, the characters in the most attractive range of costumes express their lines to the approving audience, which may not be quite so. Shakespeare conceived, but with a kind heart and sincere sincerity for sure. <br /> <br /> Small cameos of each person behind his character were more interesting than the play itself. One prisoner viewed the play as a lesson in forgiveness, and the other as the atonement for his sins. It was quite touching to see men wipe away a tear when they talk about killing, shooting, and strangulation. One had the feeling that they all wanted to wind down time and reconsider their cruel actions. However (as someone said) the past is past, and the present is the beginning of a new future. At the very least, the play gave temporary relief from depressing thoughts about past events. <br /> <br /> It is necessary to welcome the prison administration for allowing the play to take place. Such an event will put Kentucky on the map, and hopefully other prisons will follow their good example. It seems to me that everyone can benefit not only from the Kentucky prison, but also the prisoners themselves, who need to gain new confidence and self-esteem and be ready for the day they will be released on parole.
