Films like this one and C.R.A.Z.Y. are very upset by American gay-themed films. With the exception of Farewell Views and Brokeback Mountain, there are few other famous American films with such depth and sincerity as in this Bubble film. This film is dedicated to two men, Noam and Ashwara, Israel and Palestine respectively. Their relationship is complicated by tensions between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples in the early stages of their relationship will fight the one who calls, who is next, or who says “I love you” first. Noam and Ashwara’s early love is complicated by suicide attacks armed with checkpoints and racism. While Noam's friends accept and love Ashwara, who is an Arab, it is clear that most of the citizens of Tel Aviv probably do not. <br /> <br /> One of the most touching moments, and in this film there are many of them when Noam and Ashwar are present in the production of “Bent”. We, as lovers of cinema, see how they are watching this play, and the influence that it has on them of two is deeply imprinted in their eyes. And, ultimately, this touching moment is very sadly played out in the final of the film. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe Svid' are outstanding actors such as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eitan Fox is brilliant in creating a convincing and interesting retelling of the Shakespearean classic "Romeo and Juliet." And although most films today have sex (almost like sports), this film goes back to the old proven version of sex with love and passion. It is so refreshing. It is also nice to see two gays depicted by people, not cartoons. In this movie there are cartoon characters. It just doesn't happen that they are two funny guys. Somewhere on this site, I think I read a comparison between this film and Friends. Well, not quite. Yes, these are young characters, stumbling through their first difficult steps into adulthood and relationships. But I do not remember being “blown up” as a background for the tasteless storylines in Friends. <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. He has a heart and a broken heart. And, as in all good love stories, love wins. But not in its intact glory of full bloom. However, this is a very nice movie to watch.
