This film is a complete reinterpretation of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers - one from Tel Aviv and the other from Nablus. There is a border between them, and a constant state of war with the Israeli army ever existing everywhere, and the Palestinian militants everywhere with their bombs. The situation is rather grim. We can imagine love in this huge, without a trap. But the film goes a few light years further, imagining that the two lovers are gay, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. In Nablus is prohibited. The conflict between two nations, two communities thus doubles with the conflict between two cultures, two ethics. But this could even be acceptable if the war did not bring an extra dimension. Ashraf's sister is going to marry an activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister that he is gay. She cannot accept it, but agrees to talk about it later. From the wedding, the newlywed husband sends a commando to Tel Aviv to arrange an explosion. This is happening in a cafe in Tel Aviv, and one of Noam’s friends is seriously injured. Bad enough. Isareli's army sends a commando to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for this attack, but it becomes sour, and the recently married wife is shot dead on the street. The funeral follows the wedding. Husband and widower voluntarily participate in suicide attacks. Ashraf voluntarily takes his place. The exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill several people in order to avenge his sister. He arrives at a diner run by some Noam friends. But Noam sees him and goes to talk to him. Ashraf returned to the middle of the street and detonated his bomb when Noam reached him on the street. Revenge reunites two lovers in death. Thus, we have a double conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character who can impose peace, or, even worse, the Prince seems to have chosen the side and is on the side of Israel. The game is completely false, and death is inevitable on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is all the more powerful because it is doubled by a play in the film, a play showing love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one of whom is dressed in a yellow star and the other in a pink triangle. It is amazingly strong and shockingly amazing: the love of gays in Auschwitz. From the film it turns out that love is impossible in Tel Aviv or Nablus. Thus, the film is a condemnation of the conflict in Palestine, which cannot but continue, although it has no reason to even exist, although it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should never have let the UK deal with the region for a long time. Today we must find a solution in which no one will be humbled. This will be possible only if everyone gathers together to find a long-term solution. But for now everyone is trying to avoid this general confrontation and discussion, preferring bilateral manipulations. Thus, the suffering will continue, and love will be banned, of course, not sex, because children are needed to continue the war: so let's give birth to more and more small soldiers. But love is just an extraterrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques CULARDO, University Paris Dauphin and University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
