It's hard not to love Israeli director Eitan Fox and his films, which describe life in the Middle East and the inherent problems that gays in these regions may have. In addition, he also expressed his opinion to the younger generations and the remarkable part of them who really need the WORLD and who do not want to pay any more attention to the war, which for too long has marked the existence of people in both Israel and Palestine. These reasons, in my opinion, are enough to consider Fox a worthy director, even when his feeling for melodrama is a little out of control. However, fans of his films (which he implemented in a team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-writer and also life partner) do not seem to be annoyed by this, as his new feature, BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), has the same success of previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON WATER. Announced as the modern version of "Romeo and Juliet" for gays, set in modern Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men (one Israeli and another Palestinian) in the place of two young Shakespearean lovers, the film is actually quite different from this or that better, it is also something else. In fact, the title bubble is a separate world in which the host, Noam, plays regular Fox Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I must admit, I miss Jagger, the amazing Yehuda Levi!) And his two Co-Chairs, boy and girl decided to live. For about thirty years, he was restless, witty and hard (despite the fact that the main character just spent a period as a national service at a border checkpoint with Palestine) to live a life that would not be done only by war. Two guys are gay, and together with the girl they created a trio in which they fraternally love and support each other. Their lives are destined to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (TV star Yusef Sued), a young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv. The laws that are still in force in the group are ignored, but not the desire to help one friend. Nevertheless, Noam and his friends will not be easy, because Ashraf secretly lives in Israel, and his family, who lives in Palestine and do not know that he is gay, is looking forward to the opportunity to arrange their wedding with a very beautiful girl. a girl who is a relative of her beloved future sister Ashraf, who is also a terrorist, and she will have a great responsibility for the development of the plot, which will have consequences not only for two men. Because prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting dualism, if not automatic) are stubborn and tragedy is inevitable. Even if the film focuses on the obstacles faced by the relationship between Noam and Ashraf, he does not lose sight of other characters that are well-written (for example, Golan, Yelly's boyfriend, supporting Noam's tenant, is presented as a lively ham, and then revealed as more a sweet and more open-minded person) and aptly performed (besides the two leads, we should not ignore the funny Zohar Liba and the beautiful Daniel Wirzer, a girl from the gang, moreover, LORA MARTIN star Lior Ashkenazi appears as himself in cameo). It also mixes darker tones with brighter ones, even if the director cannot do without a melodramatic conclusion. I watched this movie more than a month ago, and at the same time I often thought about it, proof that Fox and his buddy know how to hit home.
