Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities have been fascinated and easily touched by stories of unhappy love. Even more fascinating have always been stories about impossible love, love that cannot be. This is evidenced by the latest film by Israeli director Eitan Fox “Bubble”. And then - no. The name of the film refers to the “bubble” that Tel Aviv sets against the background of political realities Israel. The cosmopolitan and unofficial capital of the country has nothing to do with Nablus, a city in the Palestinian West Bank, which also appears in the film. This has nothing to do with the tense and hateful atmosphere at Palestinian checkpoints. In fact, it seems, this has nothing to do with something that surrounds it. Tel Aviv's Bubble allows people to lead a lifestyle that is not much different from what you would expect in any western city. Teen girls looking for Britney Spears records, life magazine editor, looking for a sexy cover for his next release: fashion people sitting in trendy cafes and discussing fashionable things behind cups of cappuccino and other similar fashionable drinks, while those at home , watch the local edition of Pop Idol. It is this “bubble” that also has the potential to put to sleep We think of a false sense of reality. <br /> <br /> The film tells about the lives of three young Israelis who live in the same apartment and for the most part try not to interfere in politics. Yelly, the camp owner and manager of the trendy Orna and Ella cafe, rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the shit that surrounds them. Noam, a gentle and easy-going employee of a small avant-garde music store, doesn’t seem to want to engage in long political discussions and reflections. Lulu, the only woman in this party, on the contrary, is connected with the Israeli left, although her political activities seem to be limited to delirium against the occupation. ” Yelly and Noam, naturally, do not object to participation in them. Lulu and her political friends make rave T-shirts, put up posters and hand out booklets advertising it next door. It seems that their main concern is that real Palestinians never participate in them, and that the police can come and ruin everything again for them to enjoy. Closest to a real confrontation, when they engage in a fight with local residents who are not very friendly with the Palestinians and are trying to prevent them from handing out leaflets. In other words, predictable “bubble” products. ”<br /> <br /> The first scenes of the film lead us to the checkpoint on the road to Nablus, where we also see how Noam performs his reserve duty. Before entering Israel, the group Palestinians are carefully checked, among them a pregnant woman who suddenly begins to give birth to a child and gives birth to a stillborn child, despite Noam’s best efforts, and a doctor who eventually arrives in an ambulance. The woman is comforted by a young man who later appears on Noam’s threshold in Tel - Aviva with his identity card, which the latter apparently threw during a test at the border. His name is Ashraf, he is Palestinian and gay. And he didn’t just come to return his ID, he came to see Noam, without permission to live in Israel and despite the initial hesitations of Noam’s neighbors, he remains. Soon he gets a Jewish name and a job at Yelli’s cafe. Growing up in Jerusalem in Hebrew, he does not have an Arabic accent that allows him and his newly acquired friends to hide their identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can not last long. Because it became part of an equation that should never have been. <br /> <br /> At some point, Noam and Ashraf watch Bent’s play about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp who have love relationships that may never become physical or visible to the surrounding guards. They find a way to be together on another level, the metaphysical, the level to which no one else has access. This is also where our couple arrives at the end. And for them it could not be quite different, not in today's Israel. <br /> <br /> “Bubble” is a political statement about a bubble that bursts when faced with the political realities of today's Israel, against which, against the backdrop of a beautiful and clumsy love story involving an Israeli and a Palestinian, a divided world where there is no such thing as a compromise or other colors besides black and white. The Bubble is also a great movie about people who are funny and direct, inhabiting this strange city of Tel Aviv, shown by the eyes of people who really care about them. The premise of the film may have its disadvantages, and the fatal chain of events may seem somewhat interpreted, but its strong message and emotional impact will not leave you indifferent.
