The Israeli-Palestinian conflict continues, and although the world may be aware of the violence associated with the separation of the two countries, few have an idea of ​​another aspect of division - a group of people who want peace and are eager to eradicate the division. Eitan Fox in Bubbles (Ha-Buach) created a much-needed alternative point of view on the split, deciding to tell a story that contains a bit of beautiful humor, a lot of love and a taste of cruel reality. This is a window into a situation that requires understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Wierzer), a beautiful young woman with a strong opinion; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very young gay working in a popular cafe; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome, somewhat shy guy who, in addition to his daily work at the record store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his free time as a security guard at city checkpoints. It is during one of these days off duty that he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef Svid), and mutual attraction occurs. Three friends decided to “remove” the illegally existing Ashraf (whom they called the Israeli name), and while Ashraf and Noam enter into love relationships, Yali hires Ashraf in his cafe, and Yali and Lulu are both looking for love interests, too. Everything is going well, until Ashraf should return home for his sister's wedding. Although Ashraf managed to be openly gay with Noam in Tel Aviv, life in Jerusalem is very different: Ashraf is told that he should marry his sister's future sister. In an attempt to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu disguised themselves as French reporters in order to gain access to Ashraf. At the time of the alleged solitude, Noam and Ashraf discover the future groom's kisses, and this act gives rise to blackmail so that Ashraf remains "in the closet." <br /> <br /> While young people in Tel Aviv are dancing at an event to draw attention to peaceful coexistence, an attack is taking place in Jerusalem, which has serious consequences not only immediately, but also in revenge missions that Ashraf should take. The ending is tragic on many levels and underlines how serious the problem is between the two countries. <br /> <br /> The game is so natural that in both comedy and tragic aspects the audience fully believes in these beautiful young people. The story finds the right balance between serious and carefree, and it is this balance that makes Eytan Fox such a good writer / director. More people should watch this important and very good film. Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady harp
