I am now on holiday in Israel for the summer, and therefore I was able to watch this incredible film. A little warning before I start writing: I speak fluent Hebrew, and therefore parts of Hebrew were not a problem; However, about a quarter (a little less) of the film is written in Arabic, and I could not understand a little of this subtitle. This does not detract from my understanding of the film, but made me miss a few jokes that caused a lot of laughter in the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American cinema, which many considered one of the Greatest years for homosexual cinema and relationships, something really special is needed to stand head and shoulders above the rest; Nevertheless, the Bubble surpasses all others with its combination of excellent game, witty dialogue and an appropriate political climate. <br /> <br /> The film opens at a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; In the first few minutes, we are not sure which movie we have already seen. However, this is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation and the extreme tension in the air are constantly in the background. The most important thing is that Tel Aviv plays its part in this film. It is constantly referenced. The names of streets and restaurants are constantly exchanged. The horizon and development of the city are subjected to sharp criticism, and ultimately the city develops with the film. The film tells about the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and Palestinian immigrant Ashraf (Yousef Joe Svid) with Tel Aviv and Palestine societies serve as a permanent foil. We always know that their relationship is forbidden, and this creates a sense of urgency, rarely present in the movies. Love is incredibly strong and stands in the center of the film. Secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong: the bright restaurant owner Yellie (Yousef 'Joe' Sveid) has an ultrabook and a painful holanist soldier, Golan (Zohar Liba), who are particularly entertaining. All the love scenes that abound in this film are all exquisite, beautifully crafted works of art, and the cinema is amazing: in the first love scene of the film, the camera shows how the male character gives oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virzer) and dissolves in Noam and Ashrafah This frame, like many others, makes the viewer understand that all these relationships are expressions of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> Refusing a larger storyline would be a tragedy, but know that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy that affects the current global political climate, so I’ll focus instead on a witty dialogue. Even watching this movie in my second language, I could not stop laughing everywhere. Special entertainment includes the question of whether suicide bombers are gay virgins or men in heaven, and the analogy of Sampson from the Bible as the world's first suicide bomber. This dialogue demonstrates a special sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in the movies. The music used in the film is also particularly strong. Music is used only when the characters legally can or should listen to it, and in one scene the music weakens when the character removes one earpiece, and stops when he removes the other. Small elements like this really lift the film. <br /> <br /> I could not give a great recommendation to the film; This is an excellent film work, both cathartic and very well thought out.
