This first part of Crispin Glover’s personal opus asks you to think a little, and therefore cannot be recommended to any viewer who does not want to sit and puzzle over Glover’s images or follow the surprisingly simple but strangely confusing ?? the thread of his story. For a more casual viewer, yes, it will probably result in a confusion of funny, strange, startling and disturbing images for the sake of images. <br /> <br /> You feel that Glover does not mind that this is so, and he is almost happy to hear why someone hated the film, and why they liked it. Glover's innate zeal for his work and how the audience interprets it is actively conveyed not only through the film itself, but also through unusual question-and-answer sessions, which he often spends after showing films; he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and reject a film is to mark it as “Dada” or “nihilist”, a youthful attack on the modern film industry from an actor who worked both outside and inside. But there is a reason that Glover performs a slideshow before showing his film, and it's not just about selling books; his books juxtapose and create a narration from images and text that Glover put together, and what is it? similar to images taken from western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? This is an attractive and compelling film that can hardly be expected while watching. Much has already been done about Glover using actors with Down Syndrome, and this is truly one of the most striking aspects of the film. In fact, so sharp that many seem to interpret it as a kind of far-reaching crusade to see a more realistic and / or decent image of people with disabilities in cinema and television or on a completely different end of the spectrum, as a kind of direct exploitation of people with disabilities. But this is not the case, and perhaps this is part of what makes this film so uncomfortable for many: the underlying agenda is not political or hateful, but aimed at looking beyond the mainstream culture into a kind of disgrace from the outside. This is not a film about Down syndrome, but it is a film that belongs to actors with Down syndrome who appear in it. <br /> <br /> I am such a person who is completely reckless when it comes to ugliness and strangeness, portrayed so sharply that it is beautiful; fortunately for me, this is pretty much exactly what it is? presents himself to the viewers. Glover uses strange images of snails, death and people with disabilities, in part because he wants his viewers to feel discomfort either because of the strangeness of the images, or because of the internal reaction of the dying screams of an anthropomorphized snail. In a sense, strangely compelling (and sometimes downright grotesque) elements of What Is It? remind me of the work of the artist Francis Bacon ?? he is from the notorious popes, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure, which inevitably make the viewers cringe and want to look away. Like the paintings of Bacon, the Glover film manages to be rich and modest, grainy and polished, chaotic and well realized. and contradictions help make it even more embarrassing. But, nevertheless, this is not an entirely serious film, and it largely manages to circumvent the biggest pitfalls of claims with the help of humor, which, for the most part, stems from the use (and comparison) of familiar objects, images, and popular culture names. And when what is it? it's funny, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> In general, what is it? This is Glover’s impressive first film as a director and writer, and his presence in the film was not such a distraction as one would expect. Looking at it is like being an observer in a dream that is not exactly good or bad, but just weird ?? and it makes you feel a little messy when you wake up. If you like this art, what is it? most likely will exceed your expectations and will be worth the effort to catch him in the theater, along with the "Big Slideshow" and Glover himself. In general, this is an experience that you are unlikely to forget in the near future.
