The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov is again displayed on the screen, and many in the cultural world will notice this. The director baffles us with the story of Alexander, the scattered Chaplinsky study of chess addiction. Nastasya is resting on a marble column resort where the chess championship takes place. She meets Alexander, picking up a piece of queen, which he throws through his coat pocket. A magnetic attraction develops, thanks to which he proposes the next day to the mother to disturb her husband's telegram. He arrives and asks Alexander that we transfer these attenuations into the past, ala Godfather II, where we see the young Alexander, the wunderkind. He is taken under the wing of school teachers and uses his genius for 10 years, receiving huge sums. Thinking Alexander reached its peak, leaves him, but becomes a legend. The old teacher returns, causing harm, trying to give victory to his old rival Alexander. In a serious chess game, where the victory of the world chess champion is one of the ways to immortality, the chess clock is ticking, the match time ends to end the next day. On this day Nastasya's wedding, the old teacher intervenes, and Alexandra is sent to a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her belly and looking through the coat of her love, finds her strategy for the match and follows the moves. Despite the fact that the film, unfortunately, is shaken from its Russian roots, its dresses with a low neckline on its back are beautiful, Alexander plays his role sublimely. The director underestimated her audience, we hardly ever play, and the only hint of “Luzhin’s Defense” is to play the queens, isolate the king of opponents with your 3 legs and the king, sacrificing the castle for the helper. Nastasya is a great match, but I feel that his conclusion deserves greater intensity, but perhaps the emotions were correct, because chess meant more to him than she did. Protection Luzhin elegantly honors Navokov, the complexity of his work in images is a world-class event that cannot be missed.
