What else can I say? The Americans totally hated it, because the American cut was so bad, although you could find the basic benevolence in it. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the theatrical release in the US (along with the recently released Blu-ray Disc version), it is faster and stronger than the HK Cut, the background music has all changed from dark, gloomy HK to Hip-hop; and many horrible scenes were cut out. Although the duplication was noticeable work, given that they tried to catch the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is that the film Hack Hap ("Black Mask") was designed and had to be dark, gloomy, worrisome and terrible. Unfortunately, the release in the USA simply took off the cream that they wanted, which, in turn, completely changed the implications of the film (the release of HK was rated over 18), making it even more comical and amateur. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about the original. HK release. This film is like a hidden gem, a prototype for the entire "matrix" wave and era. The fighting scenes are absolutely amazing, even the camera work was a bit of an “old school” among HK films. However, the style created in the film was a unique combination of kung fu and pop culture. With all the leather, black costumes and decorations in this film depicts a superhero, like a black masked Batman, against an ordinary gang of multinational super-soldiers, led by the boss of a rock star from heavy metal. Yes, it sounds like the imagination of a retarded child, but it works. This is so impressive that the whole film will give you nightmares with the participation of foreigners fighting in a bloody battle in leather cloaks. In 2002, they made a sequel with a rating of PG-13, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it is, because Li and Liu were the protagonists of the film, they had strong personalities and an interesting friendship. And I accidentally mentioned Francois Ipa? Her reversal blow was completely steep, even cooler than the villainous boss, because she did not use the stuntman in all battles. Did I mention she also smokes hotly? In any case, there are many things in the film that you might like. <br /> <br /> However, the film also encountered many problems. Firstly, this is a mediocre script, created with maximum efficiency, which means that this production team deserves a better screenwriter. For all the 100 minutes, there are a lot of climaxes, but they often seem flimsy and do not have a complete sense for the audience (the US version was even worse, because all the character development was reduced). In any case, you can not ask too much of the comic action movie. In addition, this film is completely unsuitable for children. I will not recommend it to you if you are under 20 years old. It is saturated with disturbing contents, including blood, blood, sadomaso costumes, brutal violence and so on. Along with the style of the film, it can be called a wet dream for fans of heavy metal and music. (The cut in the USA was softer, but if you want to see it, look at what HK is.) 7/10. Status: inspiring, hidden, undervalued, adult.
