After the release of “Straight Story” in 1999, the film was named the first film by David Lynch, which ignored his constant themes of dark and surreal. Based on a real story about one person and his trip to visit his estranged brother on the John Deere '66 lawn mower, at first glance Lynch is leading a strange story. However, as the story progresses, you can see some of the motifs of the Lynch brand. <br /> <br /> Lynch’s orientation toward the small city of America and its inhabitants is still as common as in its previous efforts, such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most noticeable difference is that weirdness is curbed. The restrictions imposed mean that the film has gained fame as one of the few live action films that I think has a G rating. Incredibly significant, these films are proof that you can create beautiful and meaningful family films. <br /> <br /> “Straight Story” was the first feature that Lynch sent to where he had nothing to do with writing. For many Lynch devotees, this was a huge negative moment. Almost universally acclaimed, the only overly negative review of James Brandage from filmcritic.com focused precisely on this criticism that it was not a typical Lynch film. "Lynch fights as part of G-rated history, which is not his own." Brandage claims that his main character, Alvin Straight, "quotes lines directly from Confucius." He claims that the story is weak, and the dialogue is even worse. And yet this is the only criticism that many will read for the film. Although it’s true that it’s not Lynch in the sense of Eraser, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - in all the films that I also adore, Straight Story shows the other side of Lynch, which is by no means terrible. If you are a Lynch fan, it is very important to separate this side of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narration is slow and thoughtful, which gives you a real idea of ​​the main character’s thoughts as he travels to his destination. Alvin is constantly reminded of his past and his relationship with his wife, children, and brother. However, it is particularly important that there are no memories that only add to the effect that reminded me of my conversations with grandparents. The conclusion comes as an observation of how the boat is carried along a slow, winding river, and it is pleasant to look at it. The natural landscapes of the United States are accentuated and, along with the beautiful soundtrack of Angelo Badalamenti, make me dream of going to America. The performances are also excellent, each actor is believable in their roles, and Richard Farnsworth is especially good. His Oscar nomination was very deserved, and it was a pity that he did not win. In any case, this is probably the best swan song for any actor. <br /> <br /> So, although the Direct Story does not contain complex Lynch stories or a trademark dialogue, the film is a fascinating study of the nature of aging and is highly recommended!
