Who would have thought that a movie about a man who travels a couple of hundred miles on his lawn mower to see his brother can be a good movie? I certainly did not. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences in my life. Well, I was wrong, because I was not mistaken too often, because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood films I've ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Short summary of “Direct history is not very difficult. This is an old and stubborn man who steps on his lawn mower and goes to another state to visit his brother when he finds out that he has had a severe stroke. This is in itself, but what makes him even more special is the fact that he has not seen his brother for ten years due to some kind of silly argument. Meanwhile, he has a bit of bad luck and problems, but he also meets a lot of people whose life he somehow influences with his philosophical approach to life. Despite all the difficulties he has been facing for weeks, not knowing whether he will achieve his goal: to see his brother again before it is too late ... <br /> <br /> I easily understand why there are people who This is not done like this film, and this is also the reason why I will not say that these people do not have a heart or similar things ... There are no vivid scenes of action films in this film, it is as slow as a man’s lawn mower goes further and no You do not need to watch it for a good soundtrack, because it does not exist. But why should you watch it then? Well, the simple answer is history. I have not seen such a touching film with such a powerful story very often and the fact that it actually comes from Hollywood and - to make things even better - from Disney's studio (true, the same studios that hit us with sweet sugar nonsense) its even more special. I am not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes a couple of times when I looked at him, probably because the whole situation when I had not seen someone for many years because of some kind of silly argument was too realistic for me. <Br /> <br /> Some people will argue that the story is very superficial, but I really disagree with that. Perhaps this is because they see only the old man who rides his lawn mower and do not want to think further. If you look close enough, you will realize that this man does all this because he knows that he was once wrong, that only his pride was on the way to see his brother again, and that he wanted everyone else saw it too, so they would not make the same mistake. If it’s not deep enough, how much deeper should the story be for you? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that there really is everything in this film. Some beautiful landscapes (finally, an American film that shows something else besides the skyline of New York, Chicago or some other big city), some very well played by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and a very clear way to tell despite the fact that this is a David Lynch movie. Now I know that I was completely wrong, suggesting that I would not like this film. This is one of the best films I've seen in a long time. This film is aimed at my heart and hit the bull's eye. I give it a full 10/10.
