Just when it was easy to assume that the costume drama about royal power is not going anywhere, we are given a fun, thrilling and intelligent drama based on the strong and charismatic actions of Emily Blunt, the miracle of the main role, Paul Bettany's Friend Rupert, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong, as the immediate forces that help shape the development of one of the most powerful monarchs in England. "Young Victoria" dramatizes the stormy transition of a young woman into power. <br /> <br /> Emily plays the queen with a good combination of brute force and innocence, someone who recognizes the complexity of the task at hand, but who has enough confidence to move forward. She is able to portray Victoria as an insightful young woman who knows that she needs support from some key players and should be able to resist those who may now have her interests. <br /> <br /> Victoria must be on her way to the crown to overcome many invasions, and even when she takes command of her new position, she will find that the path to self-sufficiency will depend on making very important decisions and, of course, on proper support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to love her and is her soul mate. There is an amazing chemistry between the two performers, and there is no doubt what the result will be, but there is a figure of Prime Minister Bettany, a man who gives Victoria some wise support and also loves her. <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in the role of support as two parties that may have a dubious character and exercise considerable power in raising a young girl. Each of the supporting characters could use a bit more development, but what we can see on the screen may be enough for us to focus on the main character and Blunt's excellent performance, the actress, who showed enough fire and passion in previous performances. Here she is given the role of a breakthrough in her career, a real historical figure who broke the rules and managed to rule for a very long time. It shows the seeds of strength and character that the monarch might need in her later years. She also has sweetness and innocence, which became the basis of her charitable work and future intervention in social change. <br /> <br /> Young Victoria is not the royal epic depiction of England’s ruling class. It is an intimate story about how people grow and whatever special circumstances they surround or form. In the end, the film is a great recording for the year, in which much attention is paid to war and destruction. There is a message that a good letter and good mediation can lead us very far, and, of course, there is an old kind love story.
