Who knew? The ghostly Queen Victoria, a plump monarch who was a virtual recluse for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, actually led a life dramatic and intriguing in her young years. "Young Victoria" not only tells about the romance of the young queen with her future husband, but also describes in some detail the political machinations associated with her ascension to the throne. <br /> <br /> Act I 'installation' attracts you immediately. After the death of Victoria’s father, Duke of Kent, in 1820, less than a year after Victoria’s birth, the Duchess of Kent eventually contacted former army officer John Conroy, who offered her services as a supervisor to the widow and her infant queen. be. Conroy insisted that Victoria be brought up under the brutal "Kensington system", the rules designed to prevent the future queen from contacting other children during her growing up. Moreover, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother’s bedroom every day until she became the queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830 Parliament passed the Regency Act, which established that Victoria’s mother would become the regent (and therefore the guardian). ) in the event that Victoria took the throne as a minor. During this time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the unfortunate princess and insisted that she sign the documents, forcing Conroy to become her personal secretary and treasurer. Victoria would not have anything, and she refused to accept the vile plans of Conroy and her mother. The Duchess did not like King William, since she considered him a philander, who brought disrespect for the monarchy; the king felt that the duchess did not respect his wife. As a result, the Duchess attempted to limit Victoria’s contact with the King. In an incredible scene that seemed to really happen in history, the king scolded the duchess at his birthday party, stating that his goal was to survive until Victoria reached her 18th birthday so that her mother would not become a regent. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria gained the right to take the throne. Victoria took revenge on her mother for the support of Conroy, whom she accused of having been so unhappy during her childhood. Both of them were sent to a secluded apartment in Buckingham Palace, and for a number of years Victoria did not communicate with her mother. <br /> <br /> “Young Victoria” conveys the excitement, pomp and circumstances surrounding Victoria’s coronation with the Queen. The good part of the film is about Victoria’s relationship with Lord Melbourne, the Whig party prime minister, who unfortunately is much younger in the film than he really was. In the beginning, Melbourne gains the trust of the young queen, and they become good friends. In the early years of her reign, she sees Melbourne as progressive, but later loses respect for him somewhat, as he turns out to be a typical politician, hiding her disdain for the masses, which he must defend. Melbourne was actually Victoria’s father, but the film hints at some sexual tension between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when Melbourne is forced and the queen should appoint Sir Robert Peel from the more conservative Tory party to the new prime minister. The film tells about the events of the “Crisis in the Bedroom” when Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her ladies in the bedroom with the wives of Tory politicians. The film missed another scandal in which Lady Hastings participated, one of the duchess maids of honor, who was accused of having novels with John Conroy and that he became pregnant. Because of her hatred for Conroy, Victoria contributed to the spread of nasty rumors about Hastings' alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings just seemed pregnant - she actually had a tumor of the abdominal cavity. Victoria's inexperience shows during the Bedkamer Crisis, but the film's writers ignore some of the more questionable aspects of her character, as evidenced by the Hastings case. <br /> <br /> The rest of “Young Victoria” deals with — of course — the romance between queen and prince Albert. As the film clearly shows, Victoria made Albert wait, as she wanted to adapt to her duties as a new Sovereign. They spent a lot of time chatting with each other until Albert returned to England and did not support Victoria in the difficult times of the crisis in the poor cell. <br /> <br /> I find many parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip. the current husband of the queen. Although Philip was mostly Dane, he went to school in Germany and had relatives who were German roots. Both Albert and Philip did their part to reform etiquette at court (there is a wonderful scene in which Albert discovers that the servants still set the table for King George III, although he was dead for many years!). The struggle of Albert was the same for Philip as for the men of the monarchs; they needed to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip became involved in various civil projects and proved that they do not need to constantly live in the shadow of their ever-popular wives. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, there is a great scene by the end of the film. where Albert infuriates Victoria with what she perceives as his “interference” in her affairs. Albert does not need a second “crisis in the bedroom,” so he goes over his wife's head and negotiates a compromise with the ladies of Victoria in the bedroom. Victoria barely speaks to Albert when the killer’s bullets nearly destroy them both (in the Albert film they shoot the hand, but this has never happened!). <br /> <br /> The film’s performance is equally excellent, especially director Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. Young Victoria ends quite unexpectedly, and the final credits are too strongly inclined towards hagiography (not to mention Victoria’s depression after Albert’s death). But Victoria is still a fascinating theatrical and fascinating lesson in history.
