Initially, my wife made me attend, as she is fascinated by the royal families of Britain and their history, and she will not go to the movies without me. Although viewers should not rely on electrification, this film is very well made, and the visual aspect is unparalleled. In many ways, it helps to dispel the myth that Victoria was an unhappy, unsmiling, depraved woman who was usually seen in photographs. She was intelligent and intelligent and, according to the story of her early years, a cheerful and happy young woman. Her love for Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you only counted how many children she gave birth to (9), they probably had a passionate relationship. All this is well confirmed in the film. To this end, the cast was carefully selected, and Emily Blunt, and Rupert Friend made such sound performances as Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) Historical accuracy is somewhat doubtful, since never once did Prince Albert get a shot defending Victoria. When they were together, there was at least one assassination attempt, but no one was hit by shots. It also seemed strange to me that little had been done to expand the supposedly close relationship between Victoria’s mother and Sir John Conroy. It is likely that this relationship was the true cause of Victoria's disgust for her mother and Conroy. It also seemed strange to me that there was an attempt to portray the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as erroneous in a romantic or at least having the potential to become romantic. He was already over fifty when Victoria came to the throne, and although marriages between older men and young women were commonplace in that era, the film Melbourne is depicted as a dashing thirty year old woman and rival to Prince Albert. Obviously, Albert had competitors, but she could never marry even a little below his position in life, and Albert was one of the few who would be acceptable anyway. <br /> <br /> In general, I spent the worst of times in the movies, and brownie glasses with my wife can't be bad either.
