This is the misfortune of Queen Victoria, which is defined as a historical figure in accordance with her relationship with men. Soon after she took the throne, she came under the influence of her Prime Minister Lord Melbourne to the extent that she became known as "Mrs. Melbourne." After the death of her beloved husband, Albert, she was called “The Widow in Windsor,” and after years the long friendship with her Scottish Gilly Brown brought her the nickname “Mrs. Brown”. Such is the price that women paid in a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different, and "Young Victoria" is on the way to correct the situation, portraying the queen as a smart and independent young woman, aware of the injustice in her society and at her court. The courts have always been hotbeds of jealousy, conspiracy and confrontation, bare ambitions, and sometimes outright murder. As an 18-year-old innocent, Victoria ascended the throne of her uncle, marking the beginning of a positive orgy of intrigue and power struggles between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. In some ways, Lord Melbourne is making its way to the old state schoolchild with his finely honed cynicism and well-honored pearls of the soviets. Not surprisingly, the young queen is in awe of him, and even maybe a little in love, the thrill that he mercilessly uses, drawing a fine line between attempting seduction and attempting rebellion when she pursues her policy against Victoria's best judgment. Prince Albert enters the arena with the mission of the Belgian King Leopold, passionate about political rapprochement between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. First a reluctant fan, he soon falls in love with the Queen of England and softens the influence of politicians and courtiers. "Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed, brilliantly shot and very luxurious film. I note that in some circles he was criticized for this magnificence, as if a film about the English royal family of the 19th century somehow showed the Empress of India and her family lives in tatters in a dirty working house ........ I do not think so. I have to highlight the wonderful Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of the young princess Margaret. Her role is undoubtedly key, and she has no problems with dominating the film, despite the strong performances of Mr. Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter, everything is immeasurably more experienced. The music is accordingly regal and forms a coherent part of the entire film, without being intrusive. The fact that the British flourished more under his two great queens, Elizabeth the First and Victoria, than at any other time is a question that feminists would like to do more, but I suspect, as Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, really powerful women make them feel uncomfortable. If you can understand why there could be a Ph.D. in that.
