In general, I thought it was a very good film - I hate using the word “good” because it’s pretty dry, but it looked very nice, and the central speeches of Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. What I liked most was the fact that, despite the brilliant aesthetics of the costumes and decorations, all gold-plated and brilliant, this aspect never captured the essence of the film, which was good, strong writing (thanks, Julian Fellows: D); nothing too bright or saturated with a pomp, that is, not very sensational (when Victoria was pulled out of bed to report that she is now a queen, well, you could not get a less glamorous hand from the crown). This happened gently, and each line in the film sustained its value. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the image of love between Victoria and Albert, although somewhat fabulous at first glance, was in fact a slow burning candle. A friend and Blunt showed well how easily the two people “got together”, despite the fact that the union was originally built (my favorite thing was when they returned home after the hunt, and Victoria just hugs her new husband from behind; so much is said without any words, that's what the film is about) Blunt also kept herself perfectly, she has a face that needs your attention, and I can't help but mention the costumes she wears - everyone is just gorgeous. If I were stupid, I would have problems with any of them! All the other actors of the ensemble played their roles well, and Harriet Walter as Queen Adelaide was a high point. <br /> <br /> The only thing that worries me is the lack of a sense of urgency or an event that could have made the film a little more exciting? (It was pretty boring.) I don’t know, I wanted something to happen that would make Victoria gain strength and prove that she was worth a little more. When she and Albert argued, I loved it, I could do with some more important dramatic moments, although it could be just me. <br /> <br /> Finally, risking sounding all patriotic, it renewed a kind of pride and awe in the crown and what it takes to be in this position, especially in such a young one. This may be partly due to the fact that a snapshot of this film about Victoria’s young life immediately comes to what I wrote for one of my characters in “The Sword and Scion”, but, nevertheless, he noticed these feelings (for those who follow my book, can you guess which character Victoria so accurately reflects?) This could be partly due to the fact that the film demonstrates how ridiculous the government was at that time, because they did not seem to shout about poor and destitute. nation, which only in turn renews the understanding that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this internal sphere. Because of this, the government looked pretty useless - I think nothing much has changed. <br /> <br /> BLOG about movies and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
