What more can be said? I have not been so fascinated by a young actress since Kate Blanchett appeared on the stage more than ten years ago. And although Blanchett and Blunt have already played in Queens (it seems to be the benchmark for beginners and future actresses), the roles are the exact opposite. <br /> <br /> Simply put, if you are looking for enthusiasm, compelling drama and Machiavellian intrigue, this is not a movie for you. This does not mean that the script or the production was bad, the plot of the film is not too dramatic compared to other famous royalty, such as Elizabeth I, Anna Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elenore from Aquitaine. These are people whose lives were such things as good soap operas, and whose policies and decisions have changed the course of the British and, in most cases, world history. Victoria, on the contrary, ascended the throne without incident, she practically ruled the country, which quickly became a world power thanks to industrialization and fleet growth, her state had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and she married. . The facts of her life are not Sturm und Drag, such as the powerful dramas of which they are made. <br /> <br /> The essence of the film, besides trying to dramatize her stunning upbringing and fraud surrounding her throne, is the story of one thing that was truly shocking and amazing on her board - a love story. Marriage for financial or political reasons is the reason why it is not necessary to search for passion in the world, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as a kind of marital fidelity of Patron, happiness and an ideal family life. Thus, the main thing in the film - the nascent love of Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very passionate about the characterization of Rupert Friend about Albert, whom he portrayed as kind, patient, somewhat serious and, perhaps, naive, naive young man, striving to "do good in the world and help." In short, he is a good person with a kind heart, not the most dynamic figure for dramatic narration, but since this is not the main thing in history, it does not matter. The character's heart shines due to the restrained but serious performance of the Friend. <br /> <br /> As for the queen, well ... Emily Blunt is exalted. Her beauty cannot be denied, but she is more than attractive; her face is like mercury because of its expressiveness. The slightest arc of an eyebrow, a glance or a slight wry smile deliver so much. Again, this is not a pompous speech with heavy speeches and passionate pleading, this is not such a film. But what Miss Blunt does with the role, it shows the character’s simple humanity with powerful subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see the joy of life controlled by Victoria’s mother (Miranda Richardson) and her adviser on intrigue / lover Conroy, expressed in simple things, such as Victoria, who is trying to paint her dog. We see her delight and admiration at the first meeting with Albert, when her eyes constantly turn to him. We see her nervous and depressed when we appeal to Parliament with the ascension. And my favorite scene from the whole film - we see her nervous, happy and encouraging when she forces herself to do what most women in fact never have to do in her life - ask a man for whom she loves to marry her , the sentence is so ridiculous in those times (and some will say now) that Victoria bursts into nervous laughter before she can say "Marry me." Again, this is not a film beyond what’s more than life’s expressions, but rather a study of the character’s subtleties and how little things say so much. <br /> <br /> So overall, I appreciate the film about what it is and what it was trying to do, and therefore I give it 7. I felt that some of the politicians could be better explained and that some very good actors were wasted with a small number of cases and little character development, namely Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of Kent and the characters Conroy and Lord Peale. Again, the film should not have spent a lot of time on these characters, but a little more exposure would help explain the political setting. In addition, I would really like to see more adjustment to family life between Victoria and Albert, but this may be my greed for more scenes between Friends and Blunt. <br /> <br /> In general, do not view this film from the point of view of historical drama, but from the point of view of a love story between two characters who turned out to be historical figures. I give this film a solid seven for excellent presentations, brilliant costumes and scenery and gorgeous Victoria Emily Blunt. And anyone who has at least some piece of romance will be touched to the end of this film. God save the queen.
