Cinematic interest in the British monarchy continues in the film “Young Victoria” (from 1837 to 1901), after in recent years he saw Keira Knightley’s films “The Duchess”, “Elizabeth” Cate Blanchett, and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman about Boleyn Sisters Another Boleyn. More recent stories will include the award-winning Helen Mirren image of the Queen about the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II on the eve of the death of Princess Diana. <br /> <br /> In each of the films mentioned, there were stunning actresses with gravity acting (well) so that some might challenge Johansson) or were the flavor of their moment, and each film had a certain moment in the legacy of their historical character that becomes not just presenting these events, and in fact Elizabeth was enough to cover two films. However, Young Victoria, as the name suggests, is a lightweight version of the life of the young queen, and if you are looking for this crucial event or a major political intrigue that plagues all royal families and their relationships with shadows, Unfortunately, this is not nothing deep. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that “Young Victoria” is without her. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallie (best known as CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film tells in very simple terms about the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, who soon became a new girl, It) when she was a child. the problems she faced before the coronation, such as the zeal of her mother the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her adviser Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong) to appoint themselves as regent to the throne, as planned by the reigning king William (Jim Broadbent). As if this were not enough, the game of political power comes into the picture with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who is the current prime minister trying to gain the trust of the new queen, and subtly puts his own trusted allies in a position inside the palace. On the one hand, you would understand that the young and new Queen need to trust people in key positions, and on the other, do they really act in her interests or in the interests of others? <br /> <br /> Even this corner of intrigue pervades her romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship forms the main part of the second half of the film, and almost everything that is already included in the trailers. For both, they were brought up under the influence of others, and at every step they were told exactly what to do. Even their union may seem like a rigid registration of the alliance, if not both lovers, who recognized their common need to create their own foundation and do it with the help of each other. Instead of being pawns, there is this constant search and exploration of opportunities to break out of the strangling, and sometimes absurd, rules and regulations. Trust also becomes a very valuable commodity, and loyalty can also be exchanged for the desire to clean the tablet. <br /> <br /> However, all these topics become only a breeze in the story, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there is so much fast-forwarding, especially in the last few minutes filled with intertitles, that it actually leaves the audience wanting more, and, of course, there is room for another film, which I suspect is unlikely to see the day, but perhaps the television series may hear the response of the film and release a mini-series or something like that. It is a pity that all the efforts made here to provide great costumes, scenery and artistic direction will be limited to a film that is light enough on the subject and a brief mention of the problems that they do not really challenge the heroes to take into account some of the Opponent’s defining character . <br /> <br /> With its star cast, more could be expected, but more could have been expected instead. Recommended for those who have ever been interested in kings and queens in the British monarchy, only as a supplement to other more interesting stories available in other films already mentioned.
