Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is on the throne of England. The current king, William (Jim Broadbent), feels bad and can live a short time. However, the insidious mother of Vicky, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her assistant John (Mark Strong) want Victoria to sign documents declaring them to be "regents" until she is older because she is only 20 years old. age. The young lady refuses, despite the fact that John slaps her around. This is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and deep love for her country. However, when William died shortly after his 21st birthday, Victoria knew that she had a heavy duty. First, it must surround itself with the "right" advisors in order to manage it intelligently. She chooses the beautiful Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who, although older, is mentioned as the groom for Vicky. Which brings us to the second important decision of the young queen. Sooner or later, the young queen should choose her future assistant, as this will bring stability to her life and the life of the kingdom, since an heir should appear in the coming years. Meanwhile, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family also bear some plans. The handsome prince Albert (Rupert Friend) of the Saxon-Coburg dynasty, his father pushes a young English royal person to trial. As soon as he arrives at the palace, he is amazed, and the feeling seems mutual. But, since he is a minor player on the royal matchmakers map, can he succeed in winning her heart? This is a wonderful movie, made even better thanks to the victory of Emily Blunt in the role of Victoria. Yes, she is beautiful, but this is her clever reading of the role that is very important. A friend also succeeds, like other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a disgusting role!) And the rest. In addition, the film is superbly filmed, costumed and filmed, which makes it a visual delight in all respects. If something is missing, this is an additional dose of blinding, since the film seems too simple and prosaic, sometimes with somewhat unimaginable editing. However, this is only a minor argument in a very successful and gorgeous film. In short, young and old, must find time for young Victoria. This is the most worthy film among the cinematic proposals of 2009.
