The 63-year reign of Queen Victoria is perhaps one of the most documented and well-known historical rules of British history. On the one hand, its history lacks the theatrical qualities of former members of the royal family due to changes in social climate and relationships, and on the other hand, its history is immortalized because it is largely human. Taking on the first years of his life, when the budding romance between her and the German prince Albert was at the forefront, director Jean-Marc Vallée, who until recently remained in the obscure shadow of the industry, takes the story of Victoria and reflects this human factor. so important to her heritage. This is a story that seems extremely modest, given its copious origins, and yet in part it gives her a clear advantage, separating her from the usual fare. <br /> <br /> Taking a very direct and focused approach based on the short five-year period between her ascension and marriage to Alberta, Young Victoria does what such small, periodic pieces of this nature offer. Instead of trying to stretch the encapsulation of the whole life of such a figure, Valley instead prefers to show one of the lesser known tricks of Victoria’s early years, which are easily overlooked in favor of more well-known awards. The result is a feature that may cause historians to be dissatisfied due to its relatively frivolous attitude to facts and the like, but never allowing the document to interfere with extracting a convincing story, writer Julian Fellowes sticks to his weapon and delivers a slightly romanticized but convincing image. Vallée takes it and runs, trying to fully benefit from these elements with sufficient restraint in order to preserve the integrity of both the story and the viewer watching. <br /> <br /> The main role in the joy of watching The Young Victoria, however, simply lies in the production values ​​provided here, which enliven the “Royal UK” of the early 1800s with vigorous realism, so rarely achieved by such astonishingly genre movies. Everything, from costume design, scenery, hairstyles, lighting and photography, emphasizes the ambitious background inherent in the history of Victoria, without overloading her. Indeed, by observing how Walle's interpretation comes to life here, it is very difficult not to be drawn solely through aesthetics that permeate the visual element; and then there is a film appreciation that works extremely to promote the very elegant yet personal shades that dominate the Fellowes script. The inclusion of works by Schubert and Strauss in the history of Victoria and Albert not only serves as a guide for characters to play with, but also combines with work with elegance and refrain, which also echoes the original work of the composer Ilan Eshkeri <. br /> <br /> However, for all sharp compositions, lush scenery and immaculate costumes that emphasize every scene, the single most important factor here - and, indeed, for most of the periodic dramas - are the actions of the actors and how they help revive the world in which they exist. Fortunately, Young Victoria is endowed with an equally impeccable ensemble of Spianians, both young and old, who do a fantastic job doing exactly that. Between the sweet, promising romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic struggle of her advisers and the like (led by the terrific Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), conflicts and warmth are so common in the Fellow script here all the participants are , which helps to avoid the film as a “pleasant-looking, but dim” film, so common in these excursions. <br /> <br /> In the end, it is difficult to err in the work of such a young Victoria. He has a completely touching and human sense of affection in his perfectly modified novel, plus some historical significance, which plays an intriguing source of interest for viewers interested in such details. Of course, he cannot take the cinematic world by storm, and he lacks a certain value for his general presence, which prevents him from becoming something more than just a dramatically limited romantic period drama; but in a sense this is what makes it enjoyable. It seems that Valley never seeks greatness, nor is he dissatisfied with what the ordinary escapist is preparing for fans. Somewhere inside this gray middle is Young Victoria, which is sure to suit fans of the genre and those who are a little disappointed with the usual productions; beautiful, memorable, but above all, a man. <br /> <br /> - Jamie Robert Ward review (http://www.invocus.net)
