In addition to the longest reign in the history of Great Britain (63 years), Queen Victoria also has two other differences. She was, in addition to our current queen, the oldest British monarch, who lived before the age of 81. And she was also the youngest British (as opposed to English or Scottish) monarch, who came to the throne as a girl of eighteen years. And yet whenever a television or film program or film about her makes them seem much more interested in older Victoria than in a young girl; Victoria's version, with which modern viewers are likely to be most familiar, is Judy Dench in Mrs. Brown. "Young Victoria" is trying to restore balance, showing us the events related to her entry and the first years of her reign. It has a rare distinction from the former royal Sarah, the Duchess of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice briefly looks like an extra. <br /> <br /> There are three main threads in the story. The first concerns the machinations of Victoria's mother, the Duchess of Kent, a very unpopular figure even with her daughter, mainly due to the influence of her adviser Sir John Conroy, who was rumored to be her lover. (According to one unfounded rumor, he, and not the late Duke of Kent, was the natural father of Victoria). The second thread concerns the growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin, Prince Albert, and the attempts of the King of Belgium Leopold, who was uncle with both of them, to influence this romance. (Leopold hoped to raise the prestige of the House of Saxe-Coburg, to which both he and Albert belonged.) The third concerns one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the Bedkamer Crisis in 1839, when supporters of the Tory party (which traditionally supported a strong monarchy) rebelled because the young queen was thought to support the Whig Party and their Lord leader. Melbourne, despite the fact that the Wigs historically supported the quasi-republican system of government, when the monarch became a figurehead. <br /> <br /> Scriptwriter Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and sometimes I wondered if it was possible to color his attitude towards political topics, since he seems to be leaning towards the Tories, the predecessors of the modern Conservative Party. Their leader, Robert Peel, is shown as a statesman and with dignity, while Melbourne, despite all his features and charm, is shown as cunning and disinterested in social reforms. Perhaps there is some truth in these characteristics, but Fellows downplays the fact that just a few years ago the Tories opposed the Reform Act, which put an end to the corrupt electoral system of the rotten areas, and that they benefited from the unconstitutional dismissal of the Whig administration. <br /> <br /> The lessons of dynastic and constitutional history are not always well tolerated on the screen of the cinema, and there is some inaccuracy in this. For example, Prince Albert was not injured when Edward Oxford attempted to murder Victoria, and Melbourne (in his late fifties during Victoria’s entry) was not as young as Paul Bettany portrays him. King William IV, of course, did not like the Duchess of Kent (who was his daughter-in-law), but I doubt that he would have gone so far as to mock her during the state banquet, as shown here. I also could not understand the significance of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy are trying to get Victoria to sign the Order of the Regency; The Duchess’s constitutional position was clearly spelled out in the Regency Act of 1830, which stipulated that she would become regent if her daughter was not yet eighteen years old at the time of her accession. Not a single sheet of paper signed by Victoria could change the provisions of the Law. <br /> <br /> Sometimes meaningless actions happen. In one of the earlier scenes, we see Victoria and Albert playing chess, comparing themselves with pawns moving on a chessboard, a metaphor so exhausted that the whole scene had to end with “Danger! The main thing is the cliché ahead! ”Warning. And yet, despite these scenes, I came to enjoy the film. There have been some good speeches, especially from Miranda Richardson in the role of the Duchess and Mark Strong's intrigue as the abominable Conroy. This is visually very attractive, because it is filmed in a luxurious style that we used to associate with the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent in the role of King William gives a funny twist, although sometimes he succumbs to the temptation to attack. (Although not as disastrous as in the Moulin Rouge). <br /> <br /> However, the main reason for the success of the film are the performances of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend in the role of two young lovers. Victoria and Albert. Dumb is probably more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her adorable image the queen is no longer an old woman of popular imagination, dressed in a black widow from Windsor, who was not constantly surprised, but was a determined, determined and loving young woman. Her love for Albert and their happy family life was one of the main reasons why the monarchy was able to restore its feelings to the British people. (With the exception of George III, the Hanoverian ancestors of Victoria, as is well known, lacked the marital virtues). Blunt and Friend make Young Victoria a moving novel, an exciting human drama, as well as an exploration of a key period in British history. 8/10
