The legend of the rising poetic poem by Andrei Konchalovsky “Siberia about 4 and a half hours” does not begin immediately, because he must be restrained in space, because he takes his time in detour studies of half-forgotten childhood memories in the turn of the village in the depth of centuries, but the film continues to raise the steam building is in emotional resonance, as if even the sounds and images that make it up are imbued with pure association with their subject with this quality of indefatigable tireless quiet dignity, which is characteristic erizuet Soviet working spirit, Konchalovsky celebrates Soviet collectivism, but almost revisionist spirit for the paean, such as Soy Cuba and the Invincible, the mood becomes dark and reflective. The news of the revolution reaches a secluded Siberian village through the vine. The fruits of his labor reach him only when World War calls for young people to enlist support. With all this, Konchalovsky focuses on the man, carefully and with love studying the bitter desire and regret of a woman who waited 6 years after the war the groom who never returned, waited long enough to go out and become a bartender. on a ship with velvet sofas, which he abandoned several years later to return to his village to care for an aging uncle who killed the bride’s father with an ax, the disrespectful madness of the groom returning from the war hero is also 20 years late, not for the girl who he left, and in order to extract oil for the Motherland, the despair and resignation of the leader of the Regional Party of the middle years, who is returning to his small Siberian village for the sole purpose - to destroy it. maps for the construction of power plants. The film lasts from decade to decade from the 10s to the 80s with stunning newsreel footage that traces Soviet history from revolution to starvation in the war and the titanic technological advances of the empire (stunning visual effects here! All kinetic violence and distorted angles and flickering shots of the crowd and faces), but the actual film focuses on the person, on the triumphs and follies, small and large. By the second half, a feeling of bitter-sweet fatalism appears; shattered lives that never reached filling, choking with regret and longing. “It doesn’t matter,” the world seems to say, to which Konchalovsky replies: “It must matter,” because the main characters keep trying to buy them out. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, behind this saga “man against landscape” “something seems soaring, dark, almost meaningless, like the Eternal Old Hermit who appears in each segment to lead or reject the main characters, sometimes just a spectator, sometimes a mysterious sage; a little behind and above all other simple and logical incomprehensible ultimatums, challenges and statements of human characters, it seems that something invisible is hidden. Ghosts of fathers appearing in dreams of sepia, repeated shots of a star glittering in a nocturnal, curious bear, and the Eternal Old Man himself; Konchalovsky calls for awe and reverence for the mystical land of some other order. In his treatment of a small undergrowth community struggling with the progress and time of nature, and in the ways it learns to deal with them, it is often ridiculous and tragic at the same time, and that the director never allows cynicism to reject his humanism, it reminds me from Shohei Imamura "Deep desires of the gods". When in a scene from a dream, Alexey tears through the door slats, on which Stalin's propaganda poster is pasted, in order to reach out to his (dead) father when he disappears in the fog, the film hints at the betrayal of the Soviet dream. or, even better, with all the things lost in the revolution, this betrayal became more pronounced in the fiery outcome of the film. Amazing visual effects, elegiac and dark with a natural natural shade, help to make a deal. By the end of this, an oil rig flashes in the fire, and the film explodes in a wild explosion of pure cinema.
