It seems that this film was designed as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers film - it has a plot, dance numbers, incendiary music and the whole formula ... except for Ginger! The question of whether it was REALLY originally conceived as a reunification of the team is unclear, but it definitely looks like one of these films. Instead of the usual helpers for Fred (such as Eric Bloor or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - probably because, despite the fact that they are known as a comedy team, they CAN sing and dance quite well. It really shocked me, but the team was a welcome addition, and some of the traditional numbers of Fred and Ginger were made either with Fred and Gracie, or with these two with George. Only once, at the very end, Miss Fontaine dances with Fred, but this is very brief and with a distant shot from the camera. <br /> <br /> Speaking of Burns and Allen, I think I am obliged to speak about the team in the film. I have never been a fan of their show or their films. Overall, I find the idiot Gracie very annoying, and I gave some bad reviews on their shorts and full-length films. However, in this film I have to admit that they were great - not only competently dancing, but I actually thought they were funny, and very well filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton. They were at the top of their game, and the writers did a wonderful job in this department. <br /> <br /> Now, as for the rest of the film, it's all very fun and interesting. However, the problem for me was that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the film - not only because she played outside her range (after all, she was not a singer or dancer), but also because she had to screen availability of a nap ball. Because of this, the usual balance and excellent dialogue between boys and girls were absent. Harry Watson also played a very charming performance in the role of a devilish little boy who did everything he could to play Cupid - all because he wanted to win the bet! And finally, I liked the Fun House and Tunnel of Love sequence - it's too hard to describe, but so fun to watch! In general, I really liked the movie - it was very charming and great. Unfortunately, Miss Fontaine also showed a soft performance that was confusing - bringing my rating for this film to 7.
