Soon the Americans would swarm over the darkened, damaged England, preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937 the picture of fashionable Americans in the sunny, slightly ridiculous English countryside was an attractive, idyllic diversion. American dance star and heartbreaker Jerry Holliday (Aster) on a European tour, tired of screaming female crowds generated by the vivid propaganda of his manager (Burns), involuntarily embroiled in the marriage prospects of the upset heiress Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fountain)). The situation is complicated by the betting pool among Marshmorton's servants, who are ruled (and falsified) by the main butler Keggs (Gardiner), who relies on Lady Alice Reggie (Noble), a cousin, favorite of the sultry, imperious Aunt Ali (Collier). The story would be much better half hour television episode. Regular plots of Woodhouse with devices of erroneous identity and jumps to the wrong conclusions wear out in full-length film. Both Alice and Jerry seem incredibly (and annoyingly) ignorant in the second half of the film. The interlude of the amusement park and the climax in the castle are too long and begin to pull. Fontaine is too handsome, too worthy and too quiet to be an amazing blonde, no matter how aristocratic she is, and the young footman Albert (Watson) is terribly awful. But while Damsel is a rather miniature tool for so many talents, talent does not let us down. Astera's romantic comedy mastery is no less pleasant here than in any of his films with Ginger Rogers, and his dance scenes, both solo and with Burns and Allen, are at their best, although his only dance with beginner Joofer Joan is necessarily tamed. Gracie almost steals the whole show in the role of playful secretary George, who is both excited, cunning and cool. Her scene with a solid character of the actor Gardiner in the role of a cunning snob Keggs is a one-of-a-kind classic. This priceless scene of this, and Astera with the madrigal singers, gives Damsel a delightful touch of naive but noble Americans mingling with noble but boring Englishmen. Gershwin is at the top of his game with “Good work, if you can get it” and “Tight upper lip”, in which the film passes through weak spots. And is there another film where madrigals are undergoing Gershwin's treatment? "Maiden" - it's not just nonsense for those who want to see Aster without Rogers or Fontaine before she becomes a real star. This is a great entertainment, as interesting as any of the musical comedies that ruled for 30 years, but will never be repeated.
