In a famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell notes that many readers have always regretted that Dickens never continued writing as he did in Pickwigs Peppers: that is, he didn’t write funny episodic novels before the end of your career. It would not be too difficult for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Surtis did just that, concentrating only on the misadventures of the fox hunting kit (Mr. Fancy Romfords Hounds is the name of one of his novels). Among the hunters and horse lovers, Surtis has followers, but most people consider his novels unreadable. Dickens was determined to show that he was not just a funny man (and do not forget that his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also funny). So the third book by Dickens, OLIVER TWIST (which in some moments has become rather gloomy) Orwell says that in order for any author to grow up, he must change the style of his books. Dickens would definitely (and successfully) agree to this. <br /> <br /> But Orwell lost sight of the author of the genre, who surpasses his fellows. As I said, Surpies is a genre writer who concentrates on hunting, but not everyone is interested in hunting. But PG Vodhaus considered himself an entertainer, making fun of the upper reaches of the British social system. His Earl Emsworth is proud to grow the best pig in England than he ... well, Earl Emsworth! His Psmith is always ready for a counterattack when he has to be obedient to a dishonest boss. His Stanley Ukridge will always have an “ideal” scheme that should bring huge profits (but in the end you can always fall apart). And, best of all, his Jeeves will always make every effort to save the inept Bertie Wooster, his boss. Since Woodhouse had a limited understanding of his mission as a writer — he was there to make funny cartoon figures to entertain the world — his books never lost their radiance. They served (and still serve) their goals. In fact, he compared Woodhouse with his much more serious contemporary, Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote funny books, but of a more intellectual type. The best in remains one of the main achievements of the 20th century British literature: “Revision of the bridge”, “Decline and fall” and everything else. But in his determination to make his points, if his points did not interest the reader, the book often collapsed. At the end of his career, each VILE-body had some kind of failure, such as the ORDEAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD. Although Woodhouse could do less hacking work, his fall did not go as far as Wo. <br /> <br /> Woodhouse was also a talented lyricist (when you hear “Bill” in the SHOWBOAT score, it’s not. The Kern and Hammerstein melody, but the Kern and Woodhouse melody was transferred from “Oh Lady,” a decade ago) . He was also a comfortable playwright. So it's nice to see that he took his novel “DAMSEL IN DISTRESS” and turned it into a script here. <br /> <br /> He has the usual Woodhouse touches. This ideal butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a beautiful performance) is a scoundrel in falsifying "friendly" gambling among the employees of the stately home he leads. Nor can he sometimes refrain from singing Italian opera - despite attempts by Constance Collier to control his impulse. This is a typical characteristic of Woodhouse. The same thing happens with the love relationship between Lady Alice and Jerry because of Keggs' antics and young Albert, who both want to win this gamble. Woodhouse always makes this type of plot change when antagonists change their point of view depending on their current state of interest. <br /> <br /> Woodhouse was also fortunate that Burns and Allan worked here. It is commonly believed that of all the films that they shot as auxiliary actors (such as SIX KIND and We Are Not Wearing), George and Gracie provided the best support to Fred Aster. The stunning fun house sequence, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip", as well as the earlier sequence in which three perform the dance with a "broom broom" (which Aster learned from Burns). But the amazing illogical logic of Gracie is used by Woodhouse in scenes with Gardiner (see how she manages to confuse him that he gives her more money than her change deserves - only Albert notices Keggs / Gardiner’s mistake and looks at Gardiner as if he or stupid or insane). Her dialogue with the son of Lady Caroline (Collier) Reggie (Ray Noble, leader of the British group) makes him imagine that he will marry her, but saying goodbye to Gracie when she leaves with George to marry is also wonderful. br /> <br /> The film allegedly failed at the box office due to the lack of Ginger Rogers and Joan Fontaine's weaknesses. Fontaine doesn’t do a wonderful job in this role, but Woodhouse really has a flaw - he didn’t make the character very interesting. But the film may be left without this, given the other performers and their characters, the music of Gershwin and the amazing sense of fun at Wodehouse.
