Before the "Testament" there was a similarity between the artistic vision of Tim Burton and Kusturica. They find their own poetic style, and then cowardly become his captives. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica has Miki Manoylovich, and for some reason they received a critical rating for repeating the same formula over and over again. However, there are people like me who find the joke funny only when they hear it for the first time. This is the main reason why the worst films of Kusturica are “Black Cat and White Cat” and “Life is a Miracle”. A “covenant” is something completely different. You may like it, you may hate it, but it is NOT just another poetry of Kusturica ?? Balkan fabulous material. Of course, if you want to be praised, you must be careful. It was very easy for Kusturica to make another film about flying gypsies and get an award. Fortunately, being a brave man, he decided to make a film that would look at his previous works with irony. "Testament" can be described as a strong and very sharp parody of Kusturica's previous films, shot by Kusturica himself. It's great to see one big director not to take yourself too seriously. This is a quality that Kusturica has, and even the largest, such as Bergman or Kubrick, did not have. This film is so meaningless that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes deep, and so unfunny that it becomes ridiculous. The same thing that the clan "Plan 9 from Space" does would make this masterpiece to people who know how to watch it. The average Western viewer will not receive few links. The most famous tire store owner is Srblyanovich, and this refers to Bilyana Srblyanovich, a famous Serbian playwright. Politically, she is very active as a liberal left orientation and despises Kusturica’s political views and anarchism. Kusturitsa "everything, but not subtly" was fond of her work - to castrate Mika Manoylovich in the store Srblyanovich. The second link is made to Goran Bregovic ?? previous composer Kusturitsy. He formed the "Funeral and Wedding Orchestra" and began performing throughout Europe. Although he is praised as a great composer, Bregovic is just a performer, and most of his songs (if not all) are bad covers of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica took over Bregovic to resist one wedding and one funeral, with funeral mock the wedding. In addition, the music embraces Western classics like the London Bridge Falls or French lullabies. Do you find it unfamiliar? Now you see how we feel in Serbia listening to the terrible covers of Bregovic. I really liked this film because it doesn’t pretend to be deep, it’s so overwhelmed with symbols that it becomes a travesty, and it is beautifully directed, like all of its works. If you like the previous films of Kusturica, there is a high probability that you will hate it. If you don’t like a few of his latest films, you may find this a pleasant surprise, because it’s like Fellini doing The Pink Flamingos. Purposely. I have tremendous respect for this guy after the Covenant. In the next film by Tim Burton there will definitely be the main character with pale faces. The following films of Kusturica can easily tell about aliens invading Earth. That's why he is the most interesting director on earth, whether you like it or not.
