Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty from Japan. This cry! I heard great reviews about the film and rented it from Netflix. I'm glad I did! In many ways, this film reminded me of the old style of Japanese classical filmmaking of the 1940s and 1950s, which I loved as much as I see in Yasujiro Odzu pictures - title titles even begin in the same way, with Japanese letters (characters) red color against burlap material neutral color. I immediately thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style was used: basically, sets for the house with several outdoor scenes. Even a couple of “pictures with pillows,” as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is based on the love of the characters to each other. <br /> <br /> The story tells about the life of a Japanese family before, during and after World War II. A mother takes care of her growing girls as best as possible after her father (a university professor) is arrested for anti-war sympathies. He is never released and only meets his wife several times in prison before he dies of hunger and disease. Meanwhile, a former student professor often comes to help take care of a mother and two girls. He begins to fall in love with his mother and replaces two girls. But the war begins, and he is called, and they have to say goodbye abruptly. Will they ever express their love for each other? Will he ever return from the war? <br /> <br /> In the performance of the main actress Sayuri Yoshinagh there is so much heart and tenderness. She is almost the type of Madonna, she is so beautiful! Big penetrating eyes and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensitive job. There is absolutely no macho in it; he is gentle and kind. I would love to watch both of these films in other films. I think I will check to see what is available for them. Two little kids actresses are great too. <br /> <br /> The film has just been released on an NTSC DVD for an American audience with very easily read English subtitles. I gave him 10 out of 10 on IMDb. I cried almost as much as in the Japanese film Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
