My acquaintance with the cinematic world of Yoji Yamada takes place through his famous recent trilogy "Samurai" with "Twilight Samurai", "Hidden Blade", "Love and Honor." I enjoyed all three films and, looking at a prolific, veteran directorial filmography, I think it will take me a long time to watch all of his films, especially the Torah-san series. Needless to say, when Kabei Our Mother finally reached our shores, I did not miss the chance to see what would be the same Mother all over the world, celebrating their innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> Based on the autobiography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Our Mother talks about a close-knit family of four ?? Kayo's mother "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and the youngest child Teru (Miku Sato). From the very beginning, their lives would change forever, when Shigeru was arrested in accordance with the Law on the Preservation of Peace for his morally contradictory works against the nation, established in the late 30s, when Japan began its "crusade" in China, and after that their involved in the second world war. <br /> <br /> This is how Kabei’s struggle for dismissal from work began, in order to feed his family, and frequent and difficult meetings with her husband behind bars. Help comes from relatives, especially from Shigeru, since Kabey's own father made the decision “I told you” with the choice of a spouse. Once Shigeru's apprentice, Yama (arthouse lovers should learn Tadanobu Asano here), laughed like an awkward person who gradually becomes a confidant and a surrogate guardian of children, and daughter-in-law Kabay Hisako (Ray Dan) from Hiroshima, which I think would sound some retrospective bells about her sad fate as the film progresses through its chronology. <br /> <br /> While the film basically talks about how children grow up in the presence of their mom and in distant relationships with their dad, what I liked was how microscopic family events unfold under macroscopic worldwide events that have affected ordinary people in Japan. This is against the historical background of Japan’s aspiration for regional domination, and there are characters who do not disguise these ambitions, even discuss what the country will ultimately do if it manages to keep the conquered lands. This is something that I rarely see in Japanese films, because they are frank in their discussions of that era, and also to understand how an ordinary person has to deal with internal problems, it has become even more difficult with resources directed to military actions. <br /> <br /> The actresses represented here are flawless in their role and role, whether they are veterans or child actors. Actress Sayuri Yoshinaha deserves special mention for her role as a maternal figure who must dig deep and find this inner strength to keep her household under difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Mika Sato are attractive as understanding children who should learn how to do and to compromise. Each scene in which the three of them are together is heart-rending when things are going hard, or it fills your heart with Joy if they celebrate. Soon you will soon be attracted to the desire to become part of this family thanks to the powerful performances of the main team, when Yoji Yamada persuades some truly natural performances of children. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mom boasts stunningly beautiful artistic direction and coolly present both happy and sad moments, without going beyond or relying on cheap melodrama to reduce the emotions that she seeks from the audience. There are a lot of little things done right, which makes it perfect, because every scene is not wasted, and every nuance is very important to convey your message, be it compassion or love. <br /> <br /> In addition to a very sharp ending (I was hoping that it could have lasted much longer, despite the fact that it was running for more than 2 hours), Kabei Our Mother is highly recommended and it will be difficult for you to hold back tears or the thought of your own mother and her sacrifices that she brings to you every day. What kind of sacrifices are this, if you need another reminder, then the scene during the final credit roll will remind you of things you probably took for granted.
