“I hate those stories that begin with a funeral, but I’m afraid this story begins the day we buried George. Not that we bury him. In the interest of the environment, we burned it. ” So says Elizabeth (Judi Dench), the widow of George. She led a comfortable, predictable life with George. She has two adult children and a 12-year-old grandson. But when she was 15 years old, and at school, at the height of the Second World War, she played the saxophone at night in a group for (almost all) girls called The Blonde Bombshells. “Almost” was because the drummer was Patrick, a charming rogue who had no desire to fight and perhaps be killed. With a yellow wig, a long red dress and makeup, Patrick looked almost as good as the others. <br /> <br /> One day after the funeral, Elizabeth finds herself in the attic of her house, playing the saxophone she had taken away. She trained, but only when George was not at home on the golf course. Then two things happen. Her granddaughter, amazed at how good Elizabeth is, starts talking about how Blonde bombs can reunite and play in her school dance. Then Elizabeth meets Patrick (Ian Holm), now the same age as Elizabeth, and she also attracted her more than 50 years ago (he was also attracted to all the other members of the Bombshells. Roses who were supposed to appear on his bass drum, had a special meaning, indicating his attachment). Well, why can't I see if other band members can be found, and why not give it a shot for her granddaughter's reunion at school? <br /> <br /> Why not? One of the band members is Gaga. One is dead. Alone in jail. One found salvation in the Salvation Army. Alone they can not find any traces. The latter is known as being in the States. One of them is a professional singer, and he has no intention of performing at school even for reunion. But one by one, Elizabeth and Patrick unite the surviving members of the bombers. We do not know whether enough of them can be found. Rehearsals often turn into vanity. While they are doing this, we share Elizabeth’s memories of what life was like when she and Patrick were young in military London, playing in a group when bombs were falling. No matter how awful it was, it was the most exciting time in their lives. When the night of granddaughter Elizabeth's dance comes, of course, Blondes, filled with trembling and new friendship, take the youth away. After that, Elizabeth tells us that the Bombshells continue to play at concerts, and that she and Patrick do not plan to marry ... but I see nothing wrong with fooling around a bit. <br /> <br /> This is a sentimental garbage, made professionally and not at all bad. What makes it work is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term heart comedy, I usually cringe if the actors are not first-class. Dench and Hill are miracles to see how they take something as light and predictable as this script and turn it into something that fascinates us. Then there is the "old wide" gambit, which is fun if you remember the old women. Blondes Blast Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billy Whitelow and Cleo Lane. Lane sings three numbers and almost balances production. She is so strong and unique with jazz talent that while she sings, the program almost turns into Cleo Lane's show. Another attractive feature is the number of excellent World War II songs played in high gear.
