Much to the chagrin of her adult children, and almost immediately after the death of her husband Elizabeth (Dame Judy Dench), the widowed tenor saxophonist becomes prone to an open return to his musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer needs to practice playing the saxophone in the attic. As she becomes more and more satisfied playing outdoors, Elizabeth strolls along the memory path, recalling when she was a 15-year-old member of the jazz swing group "The Blonde Bombshells": presumably a talented female group of the second world war. jazz swing musicians. One of the members of the "Blonde Bombshells" group was a womanizer dressing up in the drum, Patrick (Jan Holm), with whom Elizabeth remained friends. <br /> <br /> Both Patrick and Elizabeth, 12, daughter Joanna (Millie Findley), press Elizabeth to gather former band members and perform together again; this time as a bunch of sexarinarians. Among the band members she finds are (still dashing!) Playing bass, Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dina (Olimpia Dukakis), a trumpet player, an alcoholic and an exile, extra moneymaking intelligence and a widow living on wealth from her many (former) marriages in the Scottish castle Craigiyevar; Gwen, (real star of the American jazz singer Clio Lane), with lead vocals; Annie (June Whitfield) as a trombonist for the Salvation Army; Betty (the late pianist Joan Sims), who teaches ivory keys at the Hastings pub. <br /> <br /> While Elizabeth, Patrick and Joanna are looking for peace for the band members of the 1940s and are trying to convince them to resume their performance together, Elizabeth often finds herself outraged because she learns more than she wants to know about their adult life - including about her own - while playing on stunning music with the latest live 'Blonde Bombshells'. <br /> <br /> Fun, nostalgic, historical, sentimental entertainment for several generations, which is very fun. Actors deliver great performances. Regardless of their age, they are still Bombshell artists who present a real show. (The DVD is already out and worth buying due to the bonus features and Dolby Digital sound). Of course, as a fan of any of these amazing actors, VHS is collectible.
