Obsession is of different tastes and exists for different reasons; for some, it may be nothing more than a compulsive disorder, but for others it may be a lifeline. Lack of education, coupled with the inability to agree on even the simplest needs of everyday life or basic social requirements, can even force a genius to enthusiastically accept what creates a personal comfort zone. And in extreme cases, the object of this satisfaction can be a manifested obsession, forcing this individual to continue until what began as a means of survival becomes the very incentive for his destruction, and, as we find in “Luzhin's Defense,” the director is Marlene Gorris, a high level of intelligence will not provide a satisfactory solution to the problem, and in fact can aggravate the situation. Obsession seems to have no prejudice or preference; besides, he does not give a quarter. <br /> <br /> Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro), who lived in an Italian resort in the 1920s, is one of many who gathered at a chess tournament there, the winner of which will be the world championship. Champion. Luzhin is a master of the game, but he is vulnerable to the fact that chess has long ceased to be a game for him; rather, it is his obsession that one thing, discovered in childhood, that saw him, despite his complete incompetence, seemed to be in all walks of life, and allowed him to cope with the subtle lawlessness of his closest family. So Luzhin is a genius with an Achilles heel, a flaw that only one person probably knows and understands, and, moreover, he understands that he can be used for his personal gain at this very tournament. This person is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), the former mentor of Luzhin, who, after several years of absence, suddenly appeared and became famous Luzhin. <br /> <br /> Valentinov is Luzhin’s unwelcome, embarrassing presence, and once again life threatens to crush him. He will not only meet with a formidable opponent in the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), against whom in the previous match he played a draw in fourteen hours, but he also tries to find a new element in his life - his feelings for the young woman he just met at the resort, Natalia (Emily Watson). And, despite all his genius, dark clouds are gathering over him, which can further push Luzhin to obsession with saving grace, as well as the curse of his whole life. <br /> <br /> While telling the story of Luzhin, Gorris effectively uses his memories to gradually reveal the elements of his childhood, which very quickly led to his passion for chess. And since his background is established, he gives an understanding that allows the audience to more fully understand who Luzhin is and how he achieved this moment in his life. For the scenes of his childhood, Gorris creates for them a corresponding dark atmosphere and a subtle hunch that continues and underlies the resort’s current, more pastoral setting. The transitions through which she weaves the past along with the present are handled well, and with the pace that Gorris sets, this makes for an exciting but spotless presentation that works very well. She also emphasizes the threat posed by the presence of Valentinov, concentrating on the drama and not on uncertainty, which ultimately contributes to the overall impact of the film, making Luzhin’s tragedy even more believable and disturbing. <br /> <br /> The only element that makes this film so memorable is John Turturro’s spectacular performance. In order for this film to work, Luzhin must be absolutely believable; one false or feigned moment would be catastrophic, as he would immediately lead the viewer out of the story. However, this does not happen, and the film works, because "Luzhin Turturro" creates a perfectly honest and realistic film. He captures the genius of Luzhin, as well as his shortcomings and represents his character in terms that are extremely expressive and very real. This is a performance equal to, if not superior, to the image of Jeffrey Rush by David Helfgott in The Shine. And when you compare his work here with other characters he created, from Sid Lidza in Fearless Heroes to Pete in “Oh, brother, where are you?” To Al Fontana in “Moonlight Box”, you realize what an incredible range has Turturro as an actor, and what a wonderful artist he really is. <br /> <br /> Like Natalia, Emily Watson is also gorgeous, turning into a rather discreet performance, thanks to which she develops quite well and presents her character. Although she needs to be a bit sociable in order to be related to Luzhin, Watson manages to do this in an introspective way that is completely effective. Most importantly, thanks to the details that she brings to her performance, this makes her accelerated relationship with Luzhin believable and gives the story complete trust. You only need to look into Watson’s eyes in order to understand that the feelings she conveys are real. This is an amazing work of a talented and gifted actor. <br /> <br /> Starring Geraldine James (Faith), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Eagle Brady (Anna), Mark. Tandy (Luzhin’s father), Kelly Hunter (Luzhin’s mother), Alexander Hunting (young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Sanucci). Well thought out and staged, Luzhin's Defense is an emotionally fascinating film, presented with restrained compassion, evoking a feeling of sadness and, perhaps, a reflection of a person’s inhumanity towards a person. We do not need a film, of course, to tell us that there is cruelty in the world; but cinema serves us well when it reminds us of something that we should never forget, because we all have the ability to make positive changes and change the lives of those around us. I rate it 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
