One of the brightest American directors was, without a doubt, Elia Kazan. His directorial genius was not particularly suitable for tight thrillers, since Kazan needed more space to breathe and be slower and thinner. However, Panic on the Streets is a first-class social thriller, and it is perhaps more relevant for today than for 1950, when it was released. Topics about illegal immigrants, smuggling of people, imminent epidemics, rapid transmission of diseases around the world (concerned Richard Widmark says: "I could be in any American city in ten hours and tomorrow in Africa"), ethnic isolation and ghettoism Today's problems are more than ever. In this film, debuts the exciting film of Jack Palance, as well as the wonderful performance of Barbara Bel Geddes, two brilliant actors. Richard Widmark is allowed not to be a psychopath this time, and he is a deeply caring, thermophilic, tense hero of the people. Basically, he leads a one-person campaign to stop the epidemic of pneumonic plague in New Orleans, struggling to convince sluggish politicians and self-satisfied policemen that there is a problem. There is a race for time to find the little crooks who infected the dead illegal immigrant's plague within 48 hours in front of the whole city, and, as they always remind us, the whole country is in danger because of the worst flu since 1919. One amazing scene in which Jack Palance, an infected one, does not allow him to board the ship with a rat barrier on a rope is extremely ironic, reminding us in the most terrible terms that people can be the worst carriers and parasites of all, very dramatic the chase scenes in what they call the "coffee factory" on the quays compete with Hitchcock's most inventive climax scenes and with the same exciting scenery. Many nonprofessionals appear in the film, in which there is a rough realism of what is called reality. Kazan really takes the camera to places rarely even people, and where even the rats think twice. This film was a major feat of social realism. If he lacks electricity in the most charged thrillers, this is because Kazan took it so seriously that it could not unleash it, because the threat of the plague is serious enough to scare anyone without needing additional weapons and beasts. The only unpleasant thing about the film is a name that gives a false assumption about superficiality. But Kazan was not superficial at all. He clearly considered this project a public duty to warn us about real opportunities. If only these opportunities had diminished today, but, alas, they are getting worse every day. One day, after the worldwide plague, this film may be shown to several survivors as an example of how the flash was contained in the film, but its lessons were forgotten.
