A small pleasure in life is to walk along the old aisle of films in a rental store and collect things just because I have not seen them. Sometimes it gives me great pleasure to take this film home and find on my screen a little treasure like this. <br /> <br /> Long before Eliya Kazan turned into a brand producing only notable films (not good ones), he did it better than the average drama. Watching this, you start to notice how many decent, good or well-watched scenes have accumulated. Compare this to his later films, where the drama is written by big ... preferably big, flimsy and scandalous. Kazan was ultimately a promoter rather than a director. (Hm. No, thank you.) <br /> <br /> His future excesses hint here only in the plot. The plague is coming! But here is an atypical Richard Widmark, playing a family man in 1951 and avoiding most of the surplus of this trail; here is the almost watchable belt of Barabra Geddes, with her pathos turned down (well, for her); they are a couple, and they share some well-written scenes about big crises and lesser ones. Here is an expertly directed comic survey with a chatty crew of ships; Here is a wonderful moment when the chase begins at the corner warehouse and a flock of birds shoots overhead, emphasizing the moment. These are small advances that a film can offer, in which the viewer can really know life; something hollywood in its greed diligently avoids. These are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them. This is a cute human-scale film, not a grotesque, large-scale film that he and others (David Lin) will later popularize, whose legacy is still felt in a shit as diverse as Pirates of the Caribbean and the Moulin Rouge. <br /> <I just watched it twice, and damn me if I could tell you what Jack Palance is looking for in the final scenes, but this does not seem important to me as a spectator. It reminds me of No Way Out, of Poitiers Noire, with Widmark as a villain, and Naked City, which you really should get.
