Plague replaced the femme fatale in this extremely tense New York Orleans scene by director Eliya Kazan. Kazan, as always, receives wonderful performances from its actors, but also demonstrates a visual talent for claustrophobic tension with a combination of hard compositions and stunning scenes with epaulettes in one shot. <br /> <br /> A person who enters the country illegally dies after a card game. It turns out that it has the form of bubonic plague, so it is extremely important not only to arrest the murderers, but also to find a vaccine for all those who had contact. City officials and health officials are implementing a secrecy plan, rather than warning the public for fear that the criminals will leave the city and spread the disease. The counter-clock detective and epidemiologist form a difficult alliance as they comb the embankment using their contrasting research styles. <br /> <br /> Streets raise a huge ethical question about the right of the public to know, as the health worker claims that the media has disconnected, which may pose a greater risk to the community. Regardless of the result, you can still guess the actions of the main character of the film. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark as Dr. Clint Reed and Paul Douglas as Detective Warren demonstrate quick temper and reluctant respect for each other in their quest for killers. Barbera Bel Geddis as Reed's wife has some good moments with Widmark in some home scenes that bring the right touch (soothing rather than comic) relief from the tension of desperate search among the gloomy neighborhoods of New Orleans seafront, impressively lensed by operator Joe McDonald. Zero Mostel as a small criminal of time is slimy and reprehensible, but sometimes sympathetic. Walter Jack Palance, like the skeleton of Blackie (The Black Death?), Simply outstanding. With an incredible intensity, Palance dominates every scene in which he is not only with great threat, but also with alarming charm. In addition, he demonstrates impressive athleticism, which allows for more intense continuity, especially in the powerful final allegorical moments of the film. <br /> <br /> “Panic on the streets” is perhaps the best non-Kazan film in Kazan. Filled with tension, stressfully well edited and edited. His environment in the settings of the locale creates a sense of heightened reality, which allows Kazan to show flexibility in displaying his visual style beyond filming, and with Panic he succeeds in aplomb.
