“Panic on the streets (1950)” owes more to the British nohar than to its American counterparts. As in Reed’s film The Third Man (1949) and Night and the City by Dassin (1950), director Elia Kazan preferred to shoot mostly on the set, capturing the fresh and lively decadence of the slums of New Orleans. In a decision borrowed from the masters of Italian neo-realism, he also hired many non-professional actors to play minor roles, giving an authentic atmosphere to the urban landscape. However, any further comparisons with neo-realism would be erroneous, since “Panic on the streets” is a pure melodrama of the best kind. It has been established that a killed illegal immigrant caught from the bay is infected with pneumonic plague, a deadly air mutation of bubonic plague that is transmitted from person to person and without treatment has a mortality rate approaching 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an employee of the US Public Health Service, convinces a dubious police chief (Paul Douglas) to carry out a citywide hunt for people responsible for the murder so that they do not become infected with this disease. <br /> <br /> When I was young, I found Wolfgang Petersen’s The Outbreak (1995) one of the most horrific films I've ever seen. This thriller, which owes a lot to the “Panic on the Streets” (working title: “Flash”), terribly frightened me because he portrayed the Ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer ?? How to protect yourself from this? Kazan film is the first (to me known) approach to the problem of biological epidemics, although it is difficult for him to attribute visual recognition to an enemy, which in principle is not detected by the human eye; instead, he uses Jack Palance as the human personification of the Plague. Despite the fact that he risked being among the dirty scum of human society, you will never feel that Clinton Reed puts his life at risk {some viewers note that Reed never vaccinated himself from the plague, although I think you can safely suggest that he did it at the same time as the morgue staff}. However, in the hunt for the killers of an infected person, by underground street rats that pollute the sewage with their atrocities, there is still a strong sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> In medieval times, when the black death existed to be the bubonic plague) swept through the civilized world, killing a third of the population of Europe, many people defined destruction as the work of the devil. Jack Palance's character, Blackie, effectively serves as Satan in human form: a bandit with a corner jaw can sometimes be charming and charismatic, but can always explode with outbursts of violence; his two hooligans (who are played by Guy Tomajan and Zero Mostel) are constantly humiliated at his feet because of horror. When one footman fell ill with fever, Blackie concluded that the man’s immigrant cousin must have “brought something with him” (the irony of his conclusion does not go unnoticed) and therefore tries to figure out what this supposedly valuable object should be. He embraces the dying Poldie in his arms, a grotesque display of fake affection, which is both pathetic and disturbing. Is Blackie / Satan finally stopped ?? not power, but the burden of own infection / evil ?? when he tries to board a freighter, the main vessel through which the plague has spread throughout Europe.
