When the film opens, two thugs kill another thug. When the body is discovered and going to be opened, the doctor realizes that, although the man was shot, he also suffered from pneumonic plague - a very nasty and more dangerous version of the bubonic plague! So, this is a race against time to find those who came into contact with the dead and immediately cure them, otherwise a catastrophe could happen. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, I do know a little about pneumonic plague, as I taught a series of lectures on this for my history lessons. The film really did not help to properly understand the facts of the disease, because it was not very much like what people saw in the film. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 they really were not allowed to show it. Sure, there is fever and cough (they got it right), but also a lot of bleeding and explosive vomiting with blackened blood - along with extremely swollen lymph nodes, like you would get with bubonic plague - everything is purple and rough! Of course, I can understand why they did not go so far. In addition, I am sure that the federal government would be much more actively involved in the fight against the disease and its treatment - here, in the film, it was about the local level, and everyone seemed poorly prepared and a bit stupid. It seemed no one wanted to believe the doctors! As for acting, there were some great actors in the film. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are respectively doctors and police chiefs. Good actors, but also famous actors in the 1950s. However, in his first film, the very formidable Jack Palance (still created by his original nickname “Walter Jack Palance”), as well as the relatively unknown (at that time) Zero Mostel. Palance was great - very scary and physically skilled in his own stunts. Mostel played the hard, typical character of his early work - greasy and cowardly evil. <br /> <br /> In general, despite the fact that the details are not quite correctly drawn and everything is neatly wrapped, the film is very tense and has an excellent game - and it’s worth seeing.
