“Panic in the Streets” is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director Elia Kazan achieved a great sense of realism while making a film in New Orleans, using a number of locals to perform various roles and intelligently use improvisation. As a result, characters and dialogues seem very natural and believable. An important deadline that must be observed in order to avoid a catastrophe gives the plot a great sense of urgency and pace, as well as problems that delay the adoption of necessary measures and then increase tension to a high level. <Br /> <br /> As a result of a dispute between the participants of the card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) was shot and his body was thrown into the docking area. When the body is found and the coroner detects the presence of a virus, US public health spokesman Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) is called, and his examination confirms the presence of pneumonic plague. Reed insists that all the known contacts of the deceased should be vaccinated without delay, because the highly contagious nature of the disease means that without such actions any infected person can die within a few days. <br /> <br /> As an individual about the dead man is unknown, the task of finding his contacts is expected to be difficult, and this situation does not help when the city authorities and the police commissioner are not fully convinced by Reed’s briefing. They doubt that the threat to society is potentially just as serious as it is, and their initial lack of commitment is only the first of a series of obstacles that impede urgent action. The following investigation is hampered by the lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, the sailors group, the restaurant owner, and some illegal immigrants before this person’s identity and contacts are eventually found. <br /> <br /> Kochak, an illegal immigrant, was in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook), and when the head of the Blackie gang finds out about the ongoing police investigation, he suggests that Kochak must 'We have transported something very valuable to the country. Since Cochak and Poldy were related, Blackie assumes that Poldy needs to know something about it, and goes to find out more. However, Poldy is very ill and cannot provide any information. Blackie enters his own doctor and, with Fitch, begins to take Paulie out of his room and down the stairs. It is then that they meet with Reed, and they are followed by an exciting chase. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark gives a strong performance as a low-paid government official who effectively copes with the onerous duties of his work, and also takes care of his household chores as a family man. In an unusual role for him, he also very convincingly depicts the resolute and serious character of Dr. Reed. In the debut of the film by Jack Palance, he demonstrates an impressive role in the role of a ruthless thug who misjudges the reason for leaving Kochak from the card game, as well as the reason for the intense police investigation. Its distinctive appearance also helps to make its presence on the screen even more convincing. <br /> <br /> In a typical document-noir style, expressionist cinema and neorealist influences are used in tandem to effectively convey the atmosphere of locations. in which the action takes place. Eliya Kazan manages with accuracy in everything, but also stands out in a memorable sequence of chases at the warehouse and at the pier.
