The doctor and policeman in New Orleans has only 48 hours to find the killer infected with pneumonic plague. <br /> <br /> Spectacular and stylish little thriller, filmed by Eliya Kazan, which combines documentary realism and a time trial of pulsing heartbeat. Filmed and filmed in and around New Orleans, "Panic in the Streets" is taken from the plot "Quarantine," Someone Like a Cold "by Edna and Edward Anhalt, who received an Oscar for the original story. It also boasts an excellent ensemble composition, which provides the highest performance for their director. In turn, Richard Widmark (bringing method a year before Marlon did for Kazan in “Called Tram's Desire”), Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (like Walter Jack Palance) and the wonderfully named Zero Mostel, all become hot-tempered because the pursuers persecuted is being pursued to stop the onset of the potential Black Death epidemic. <br /> <br /> The film gains its main points of uncertainty - the insightful ability of Kazan to run back and forth between the main characters without changing the flow and mood of the play. , From the doctor of health Vidmark, with a hypodermic needle, running around trying to find the bad guys so that he can do good; by the bad guys themselves, who are stunned by why such a massive hunt is going on; voltage builds up to the critical point of fever. Fortunately, the last thirty minutes turn into a terrific movie. With Palance, outstanding as an ugly villain who, ironically, remembers Tommy Udo from Death Kiss, owned by Widmark, three years before. <br /> <br /> This is a creative and intelligently written story that slyly connects rats and criminals with being carriers of disease. The decay of society, as it were. These noirish elements, such as paranoia, are perfectly combined with his main procedural thriller essence. While some unforgettable scenes are respectively hidden by the suffocating atmosphere that Kazan has created. Although some of the early psychologisations of the characters threaten to ruin the movie down the alley lane, this film is definitely worth a stay. Not a significant film noir, and, perhaps, not even a significant Kazan, but, of course, a very recommended film, which is asked to open a new generation of movie lovers and overestimate the old guard, who may have missed it that day. 7.5 / 10
