Panic on the streets opens in a noir style, a view of a dark street, followed by a camera leaning up to the window, behind which a dirty card game is played - opening flourishing, which, like some shooting in locations, anticipates Wells led to a decade later Touch Of Evil. One player throws an open window; this is an appropriate action that serves as an introduction to the events inside and literally opens our first look at the underworld. <br /> <br /> Filmed in a very contrasting black and white, “Panic in the Streets” benefits immensely from the strong cast as well as some excellent location shooting in New Orleans. Scenes located in places such as a morgue, a crowded point of departure or among the peeling Frank's Place paint offer a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere that cannot be recreated in a studio. With these elements, Kazan’s film shows the influence of the innovative Nude City of Dassin two years earlier, which established a sandy, almost documentary style in the noir cycle. In fact, Widmark’s previous role was in Dassin’s even more beautiful film Night and the City, in which the feeling of growing panic was even more common. Joe MacDonald, a favorite director, photographed a detailed setting of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked on Kazan's Pinky and Viva Zapata! And three years later he shot Widmark again in Fuller's masterpiece Pickup on South Street. <br /> <br /> As others have noticed, in a manner typical of some noirs. The films of Kazan work offer a contrast between the confusion, soreness and immorality of the streets with the modest, quiet family life of Reeds. But while (for example) in Lang's "Big Heat" (1953), the hero's home life is destroyed by the elements of vice surrounding the central character — ultimately returning him to work with heightened vigilance and revenge — Panic In The Streets put a growing Reed's dismay is within the scope of what constitutes the next working day. Despite all the danger, he eventually returns to the bosom of his family, justified and satisfied. The implication is that the social balance has been restored, at least for the time being, thanks to his professionalism and healing skills. <br /> <br /> Of course, this imbalance was created by crime and disease. The two are closely related in this film. It resembles one of the slogans from the much coarser Cobra (1986), where “Crime is a disease. Know the cure, ”is a clear analogy in context if it sounds too uncomfortable for social reductionism. At the climax, when Blackie tries to escape aboard a ship, visual effects specifically indicate that rats are like criminals who pose a threat to public health. Since Blacky (presumably infected) wanders through cheap rooms and docks with his friends, looking for something that he suspects everyone is looking for, if without even knowing exactly what it is, the "plague" and the "Blacks" resonate together in the minds of viewers. by adding further to the associated associations. Ironically, Blackie’s conjecture about unhappy cousin Poldy, that “he contributed something” is true - even if, finally, he cannot sell or steal anything. Blackie’s logical assumption that the police, as a rule, will not worry about the murder of some anonymous illegal immigrant sounds plausible, and his confusion is quite understandable. <br /> <br /> Dr. Reed, although loving at home and on the side of society, is a true noir hero. The familiar genre of the protagonist, like a man who walks alone, is forced to travel beyond the limits of the law. In his own way, Reed is forced to take morality into his own hands for the sake of society as a whole — an aspect of the film that is particularly appropriate given the controversial personal story of the director Kazan. The director testified before the infamous HUAC, naming the suspected communists and fellow travelers. His film portrays suspects who are attracted for interrogation and treatment of the press on the grounds that the primary public benefit justifies the means. These actions may reflect the director’s feelings at the time, apparently taking a hunt for McCarthy witches and the suppression of civil rights that she entailed in light of the Communists ’supposed penetration into the entertainment industry. Nowadays, terrorist threats and the state’s response to such problems, as they appear in the film, are strikingly modern. <br /> <br /> In the outstanding scenes of the film there is a conspicuous scene where Blackie interrogates the dying Poldy about the exact nature of his cousin’s alleged smuggling. Like a cat, Blackie chases his prey around the room, eventually hunting the sick bed of a doomed person, holding Poldy's feverish head in his hands — a startling, wicked cradle. This is a gesture that emphasizes the internal nature of corruption, moral or physical. Obviously, the actors did a lot or all of their own stunts, which leads to some other, very dramatic scenes at the end, as the police and health authorities approach the villains under the wharves. Half crawling, half climbing slippery timber at the edge of the pool dock must have been very uncomfortable for Palance, but this is a sequence that greatly adds to the immediacy of it all. <br /> <br /> Sometimes less convincing elements distract the viewer. Apparently, Dr. Reed is forced to contend with a potential national emergency backup of the government. It is perhaps equally surprising that he never vaccinates himself - inviting a dramatic turnaround that never materializes. At the end of the film, a potential epidemic was also stopped, all contactees were located too carefully. But these weaknesses are more than outweighed by the other pleasures of the film, which still makes for obsessive and pertinent viewing today.
