Knowing when to finish a film is just as important as casting, directing and acting. And it's nice to see when the director / screenplay gets it right. A time of just 82 minutes, 10 points or less does not stretch the story, trying to grab onto empty topics. He remains focused, cheerful, sad and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) plays the role of “His”, an aging actor clinging to any roles presented to him. We get to know him when he goes to a supermarket in a remote part of town near The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that there is a star in his car, the Kid forces him to talk about his absence from the cinema in the past few years. He is not very frank, because he was not only outside of him for some time, he was also on his way to the location of the indie film in which he could play ("I didn’t decide if I was going to take the part."). Kid is a relative of the director involved in this indie venture, and soon throws him in the middle of nowhere. Stuck, he decides to check out the local market. He immediately runs into wonderful Scarlet (Paz Vega) who controls 10 items or less. Not only amazing beautiful, but also clever, He begins to use her as the main He is the subject of research for her future independent film role. He learns how she calculates numbers so quickly and why she knows the quirks of every member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he doesn’t just use Scarlet, he helps her, so that he can understand her life more deeply, they travel together to pick up her car from her cheating husband, and he teaches her how to act, to get a new job she seeks, and how to dress for success, even when faced with Target the epitome of local clothing. This is probably one of the most amusing moments when we also see Him, demonstrating his complete lack of understanding of the retail world in the chain stores (“These shirts cost only $ 12! How is this possible?!”) The end, as indicated at the beginning of this review is sharp but about. These two can never remain friends, even if they form a unique connection. They know when to say goodbye and what each has received from the other. This is a quiet but fascinating moment when the Scarlet machine is idling near the LA mansion. <br /> <br /> This is an excellent independent production that wastes a little time. And this, too, will not waste your time.
