This little dramdie game of 2006, played for just seventy-two minutes, is actually just a two-character sketch, but it works very well within its limitations. The plot of the film is almost fully unfolded in various indescribable places in the south of Los Angeles, the story itself does not matter, but, like in the Sofia Coppola film Lost in Translation, the film tells about two strangers who unexpectedly meet, find a common connection and leave return to your life, enlightened for an important meeting. It also greatly helps that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play characters. Finally, Freeman, freed from the wise sages and authority figures who became his specialty on the big screen, is comparatively released as a somewhat condescending movie star. His character is taken to an inexpensive grocery store in Carson, where he can explore the role that he sees in the indie film. <br /> <br /> For several years he is embarrassed without work. when he sees the DVDs of his films in the basket, but his ego is such that he lacks the courage to watch and even imitate the energetic store staff. He is particularly attracted to Scarlet, an embittered worker from Spain, who is sent to the express line, where she is an overlooked model of efficiency. She has an interview for a secretarial job in a construction company, but her deep insecurity seems to be already beating her chances. Still looking like Penelope Cruz’s Amazonian sister, the beautiful Vega (one of the few redeemed aspects of James L. Brooks’s Spanglish) brings a sharp edge and realistic vulnerability to Scarlet. She and Freeman interact very well throughout history, which includes stops not only at the grocery store, but also at Target, Arby's and a full-service car wash. Nothing amazing happens, except to show how two people are aware of the resonant fleetingness of random encounters. <br /> <br /> Silberling makes the process simple, but the production also reflects the master's skill in bright cinematography by Phedon Papamichael (he shot Alexander Payne’s film "Sideways") and the infectious score of the Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). There are fast cameos by Bobby Cannavale (as Scarlet’s future husband) and themselves, Danny DeVito and Rei Perlman, as well as funny roles with Jon Hill (“Up”) as a clueless driver and Jim Parsons (“Knight” in “Garden Staff ") As a respectful registrar. The 2007 DVD is replete with additional material, including the documentary “15 days or less”, intended for filmmakers and the marathon for 103 minutes; six extended scenes; a carefree but insightful three-way conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the center of Target; and several pieces that specifically advertise the DVD.
