I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. “Shawshank Escape” ranks first among my all-time favorite movies. But I must admit that I often wondered about his choice of roles. Many of his titles were clichés with a large budget without a heart. “10 Things or Less” for me marks the return of Freeman to the role that truly demonstrates his significant acting talents. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays an unnamed, formerly a large Hollywood actor who had not worked for several years. He was offered a role in an unspecified Indian film, for which he conducts some research at a grocery store in a poor area of ​​Los Angeles. After Freeman was there in a difficult situation because of his driver, he was taken home by the cashier girl Scarlet (Paz Vega), with whom he became friends. However, before she can take him home, Scarlet has a big interview she needs to go to, and Freeman agrees to go along in exchange for a trip. <br /> <br /> The film tells about Scarlet and Freeman in several places. but the film is really just a character about the interaction between them. Freeman is a typically disconnected Hollywood type who has not heard of Target and does not know his phone number or even what day of the week it is. He brings wisdom from the Dalai Lama, filtered through his mentality “the whole world is only a stage”, and repeatedly calls the interview Scarlet “audition”. And yet he communicates with people, influences them and goes beyond his glory. He is an admirer of humanity. He studies them, asks continuous questions about them and admires their quirks when others are just annoyed. In Scarlet, he sees the stubborn, proud loner he was; he sees the person he was before. <br /> <br /> Scarlet, for her part, shows fierce pride and a sharp tongue that hides her own self-doubt. Vega plays a role with the connection with Freeman, who crosses the line between almost a child's love and physical attraction, although she plays it beautifully, and it is not at all as creepy as it seems. But even when she feels that her connection with Freeman is growing, Scarlet vigilantly follows the reality of their various worlds and pierces the Hollywood bull Freeman *, struck by harsh pragmatism, who refuses to accept everything except the truth. <br /> <br /> The film is smart, funny and well written, with a dialogue that is simple but effective. I read one IMDb review that said the lines were “unnatural,” which, in my opinion, is a misinterpretation of realistic human speech. There are no big monologues, no deep search for the soul. I think the trick is to show how people in ordinary everyday life can make connections with each other. And I think that Freeman and Vega are doing a great job by drawing a picture of the connection between two people, which shines like the sun on the ocean, unearthly and elusive. For a long time after it passed, it lives in your memories, teasing you with what could be. Well, it was a bit floral, but I really liked the performances and the film. I would definitely recommend it.
