The debut television series Barbra Streisand still remains a turning point in the history of entertainment - in any media. Cleverly divided into three separate acts (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand made a bold, but at the same time, masterful decision to abandon the typical variety format of that time (that's why there are no guest stars or forced banter) . All shows only on her shoulders. This risky move paid off incredibly, as MY NAME BARBRA set a new standard for music programs on television. <br /> <br /> Shot in gorgeous black-and-white mode (which actually increases the effectiveness of the show), MY NAME BARBRA is flawlessly conceived and impressively shot. However, what makes the show truly transcendental is Streisand herself. Seeing how a 23-year-old performer demonstrates herself for 55 minutes is no less than exciting. She has a fantastic voice (and even performs all the first and third acts on the air) and gives the first evidence of the tremendous stellar power that will soon follow her to the big screen. <br /> <br /> The biggest asset of the special offer is the courage to let Streisand just stand on the stage and sing some great songs. After a powerful introductory performance of “Much” (with a short introductory excerpt from Leonard Bernstein’s “My Name - Barbara”), Barbra begins to wander through a multi-level studio, performing the insane version of the Disney classics “I Am at the End“. Between the verses “I'm late,” Streisand stops at different levels of the set to sing amazing numbers, such as the ghostly “Make you believe” and thundering “How does the taste of wine?” Again ", and then gives a very energetic performances" I'm Five "and" Sweet Zoo ", at the same time messing around among a huge set. However, the illusion eventually collapses, as Streisand is away from fantasy and returns to the real world. Then she sings about this lost childlike innocence in the beautiful "Where is the miracle?" Then Streisand runs out onto the stage, surrounded by a whole room full of musicians, and performs an inspiring performance of "People" in front of loud applause from a live audience of the studio. <br /> <br /> The second act of the special begins with Streisand, who spoke to the studio audience, with an elevated performance of “I received the blues”, before releasing a comedic monologue about “The Pearl from Istanbul”. Then Streisand goes to Bergdorf Goodman's department store, which allows her to sing a mixture of songs about poverty while they march in an elegant fashion store. This segment is a highlight for many fans and critics. Some of the highlights of the act II include Streisand singing a low-key version of Second Hand Rose for the audience, acting as a Latin bullfighter to the tune “Nobody Knows You When You're Down”, and portraying an upset newspaper peddler, robbing “ Brother, you can save a penny. ” The third act of a special concert is direct, without any scenes or concepts. Streisand is a performer who really thrives on the concert stage, and this segment is the most exciting moment in particular. Streisand begins to sing almost uncapable of gravity performance "When the Sun Rises" and continues to amaze the viewer with the beautiful version of the ballad "Why I chose you", the stunning performance "Lover, Come Back to Me", and a passionate mix of three songs form a funny girl. However, due to the phenomenal performance of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday’s “My Man” standard, which instantly became one of the most favorite author’s songs by the singer. <br /> <br /> Streisand performs his immortal ballad version not here again "when closing captions fly over the left side of the screen. The iconic decoration of the number confirms the viewer that he really saw something really special." MY NAME IS BARBRA "was a huge rating triumph when it first went on the air, and in the end it got five Emmy awards in addition to the appearance of two top-five gold-selling albums with soundtracks. Watching it all again is not surprising.
