Fans of Streisand, familiar only with her works from the movie “Funny Girl”, should see this show to see what a brilliant performer Streisand WAS - BEFORE she reached her goal of becoming a movie star. There has never been a singer like her and never will be again (sorry, Celine is only in your dreams!), But Strayzand will never again sing with energy, energy and, above all, with enthusiasm. and the VULNERABILITY with which she performs here — by the time she gets to the concert in Central Park only 2 or 3 years later, she shot “The Ridiculous Girl” in Hollywood, and her performance style has become less spontaneous and more restrained, more rehearsed (and, let's face it: more angry) - there is a wall between her and the audience. The live performance was never what she really enjoyed - she did it because she knew that it was her ticket to Hollywood, and as soon as she no longer needed to do it, she did it as little as possible (and about , this legendary stage fear gives such a good excuse!). <br /> <br /> Her vocals here and in her early performance on Judy Garland’s show are simply incredible: Streisand could really make the old song sound again, and composers like Richard Rogers and Harold Arlen loved her for it. But by the 1970s, Streisand was trying to become a "rock singer", her albums indulged the young viewers with an excessive shriek of songs that did not deserve her efforts or her voice. <br /> <br /> In the 80s she returned with this brilliant “Broadway album”, but continued to talk about what kind of struggle it was to do it, like “they” told her not to do it, and .d Oh, please - when somebody told Streisand what to do? She could do such good things all the time, bring the audience to her level, and not bend down to what she thought the young audience wanted. (The continuation of “Back to Broadway” was not so good, as Streisand seems to consider it necessary to improve the work of other composers: if he were alive at that time, Richard Rogers would have recognized his own “Some Enchanted Evening”) “Rogers , notorious for attracting singers to performing their melodies, would undoubtedly be after Streisand sing what he wrote! She also blows away Michael Crawford from the CD in their duet, “The Music of the Night,” apparently reminding him whose CD it is. Why does she insist on taking songs that are duets, and singing them yourself, and songs that are not duets, and singing them like duets with someone whom she then reduces?) <Br / > Supposedly Judy Garland took Streisand to the side and advised her: “Do not let them do what they did to you with you,” Streisand’s advice wasted no time paying attention - despite her protests against, of course, it’s so . Looks like it was always her way or highway. Just imagine - she told CBS management how her first television events will take place - without guests, only with her. <br /> <br /> But no one can argue with the results that are so obvious here. Treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon, BEFORE it became a legend - you will be simply amazed by this difference! <br /> <br /> PS - I watched it again last night (12/01) after not seeing it for many years - it was even BETTER than I remembered! The first act begins with “I am late” and includes “Make Believe” and “How Taste of Wine”, and Barbra's tribute to childhood. “I am five” is the culmination when Streisand appears with a full (and I mean FULL) orchestra to sing "People" - she hasn’t yet bothered with the song, and although this is a slightly shorter performance that really soars - compare it with some of her later versions of the autopilot. Act 2 (after the “strange” joke-stroke of Streisand, which has not changed much in recent years) is the famous series of songs “Depression”, created against the background of the extravagance of Bergdorf-Goodman. <br /> <br /> The third act is a terrific character - call it “Streisand, Orchestra and Audience” (although we never see the audience who are supposedly witnesses of this historical event). With her fear of the audience and the dislike of such performances, this may have been the most difficult part for her, but if so, to her credit, it does not show. She breaks through “The Lover Returning to Me” and the torch “When the Sun Comes Out” (although I can't remember in what order!), Piercing “Why did I choose you?” (One of my favorite Streisand) and offers a mixture of songs FUNNY GIRL, including (of course) "Don't Rain on My Parade" and my favorite song from the score "The Music That Makes Me To Dance." Explaining that "Fanny Brice sang a song like this in 1922, and she made it a toast on Broadway," then Streisand sings "My Man," and this is almost the template for the dress rehearsal for her later screen transmission in the movie "Funny little girl "(the main difference is that the black dress is sleeveless here - her movie had long sleeves and on a black background all we saw were her hands and face), but the vocals here are more urgent and charged than her later film vocals. (In her performance of the song there is everything to do with Streisand and have nothing about with Fanny Bryce, who, of course, never sang a song in such a total ma Unlike Streisand, here or in the movie - see BIG SIGFILD to see a more restrained version of Bryce.) The show ends with Strayzand singing “Happy Days Again here "for the credits. <br /> <br /> When it was all over, and I told my friend who was watching the movie:" She NEVER, NEVER did anything better! "<br /> <br /> And she was TWENTY THREE YEARS!
