Barbra Streisand was still curious in 1964 and probably caused more than a few surprises in the industry when CBS signed a 10-year television deal worth $ 5 million (nothing today). But more importantly, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and got it. She shot it in a special way, and for the most part her eyesight was, in turn, clever, cunning and incredible. Opening Act I with the title track (not written specifically for her), Streisand rushes through a cool set of songs related to “I'm Late” (from “Alice in Wonderland”!) - she even keeps in line about fuzzy ears and mustache and "shave too much time"!); This is an absolutely charming, if not strange, choice - and enjoy it, because it has not released TWO soundtrack albums. It slows down due to "Make Believe It" (which may be too slow), but the dramatic "How Does Wine Taste?" Is amazing. “Baby again” is cute (when Streisand looks tiny in a huge armchair - did Lily Tomlin have an idea?) Like “Sweet Zoo” (“Am I an alligator - crocodile ?? - no” Alligator! "). very cool and elegant, and her People number surrounded by an orchestra that knocks on her at the end of the song is amazing. Act II takes place in New York City Bergdof Goodman, where Streisand behaves strangely in fashionable clothes , viewers watch how the tape actually chokes. Act III, in front of a studio audience (consisting to her from happy fans of the fan club), begins with a powerful version of "When the sun comes out" (Streisand actually looks at the dramatic conclusion), and then "Why did I choose" You? " (probably her best early song), too fast “Lover, come back to me” (where she eventually drowned in the orchestra) and the mix “Funny Girl”. The final "Happy days are here again," which reportedly took 12 takes, completes the hour in an amazing way. Sponsored by Chemstrand (a fiber company!), This black and white stone is moving fast, with jazz settings, stunning cinema, stunning sets and costumes. They really don't make them like this anymore - and this applies to the special and La Streisand.
