I could not help but feel that it could have been a bigger film than it was. The script is very clever, and it just seemed that it could be opened more resembling the Seven. Without changing the story - I think, mainly through cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing I discovered to contain the film. On the other hand, the pace was absolutely accurate. Whoever worked on editing really did their job well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a great director job. Now far from technical things ... <br /> <br /> This film threw me into a dead end. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! All this time I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy, and then when Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rosary to show him where the bodies were buried, and showed who he was, I was thrown behind the noose. I suspected the first part of the turn, but what really threw me was that he touches the agent and sees how the agent kills his mother, and the fact that the agent (without words, just said to the touch) again sees this with Adam and asks him how he knew. My dilemma was not that it was another turn, but in the almost incomprehensible idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but in fact chose the “bad guys”, so to speak, knowing their sins and crimes. I do not approve of an eye for an eye, so I did not allow the film to believe that they were doing God's work. Instead, I decided to believe that both of them were clairvoyants and that the father had once gone from the depths and through what he subjected his sons, also constantly disturbed them. It was my interpretation, but the annoying thing in the film was that it looked like a house of cards and an endless circle, and what was the correct interpretation of the disturbing events that you experienced. This is definitely one of those films where I would like to meet the writer so that I can simply ask him what the real meaning of all this is. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they just telepaths and took a license because of this? Or did they have some kind of manifestation from God? And if so, whether it was God or the devil disguising himself as God. My friends and I discussed it all night, trying to understand what and what the filmmakers thought was the answer when they made this film. <br /> <br /> Definitely a confusing and thoughtful film with some very disturbing, but certainly not sensational elements to it. This is not a perfect movie, but it is definitely his own thing. The excellent directorial work and the acting of Bill Paxton and the child who played Fenton were very good. I hope that he ultimately did not react to the syndrome of a child actor, since he seems to have a lot of promises. I gave this film a good voice for most of the components that make the film, but I would have voted higher if it weren't for the feeling that something (although I cannot determine exactly what) was turned off, and if it weren’t , the film would go to an even higher level. However, a definite recommendation, especially for those who are curious.
