Frailty is a bloodless horror film that reaches its chill, following the logic and influence of a person’s delusion / obsession right into depravity. Dad (we will never know his name) is a gentle man and a loving father who brings up his sons alone after his mother died giving birth to his youngest son, Adam. One night, the family’s world is turned upside down when dad bursts into the boys' room and tells them that God gave him a vision. And what a vision ?? the work of the whole family is to destroy the demons, which, of course, disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> Based on this premise, the film follows him steadily. Dad kidnaps people / demons whom God told him to destroy, binds them, lays hands on them to see the vision of their evil, and then kills them ?? making your little sons look. Fenton, the older boy, is horrified to see only his father, who has turned into a mad killer. Adam, the youngest, is uncomfortable, but he believes that Dad is following the will of God. In the end, the pope takes his sons on a mission to kidnap the "demons" that God included in the pope's list, and finally invites them to fully participate in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> It is not, you understand, an abusive father. He loves his children. He only follows the teachings of God: “This is our work, son. We have to do it. ” When Fenton, frightened and convinced that his father had gone mad, said that he would report him to the police, his father explained: “If you do this, son, I will die. The angel was sure of that. ” The pressure the children are under is unbearable and tragic and distorts their whole life. (1) The structure of the film is similar to that used in Ordinary Suspects: a flashback story told at the police station to an FBI agent. Moody lighting, stormy weather and eerie calm these days reinforce the threat of prehistory. I wanted to believe that the unfolding horror was just a story, until I remembered the real parallel of Andrea Yeats, who believed that she was obsessed with Satan and could save her children by drowning them. Even then, I wanted to believe that I was looking at human tragedy, and not at the story of divine retribution. <br /> <br /> However, the film did not give me such consolation, since at the end he gave strong clues about the veracity of the pope’s vision. And this, as well as some holes in the plot, created a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of the visions of the pope, regardless of the evil that his victims could commit, where does someone get the power to act like an angel of death? (1) Review by Roger Ebert, 4/12/02
