A number of Richard Attenborough’s films as a director were biographies of major historical figures — Young Winston, Gandhi, Chaplin. The Gray Owl is also a filmed biography of a historical person, but in this case the Attenborough theme is a much more obscure character. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who promoted ideas for environmental protection and nature conservation at a time when these reasons were less fashionable than they are today. He was considered an American Indian; the story he told about himself was that he was born in Mexico from a Scottish father and an Apache mother and emigrated to Canada, where he was adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a hut by the lake in a remote part of the Canadian desert, where he earned his living as a catcher. He toured the UK twice, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and lecture on the conservation of nature, and achieved great success, even being represented in the royal family. (During one of these tours, Attenborough, then still a teenager, saw Gray Owl in the London Palladium Theater). However, after his death in 1938, it turned out that he was not what he called himself; his real name was Archibald Belani, and he was born in the English coastal city of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film is somewhat different from the facts of life of the Gray Owl. In the scene of 1934, he claims that he is 41 years old; in fact, he was born in 1888, so that year he would have been 46 years old. (46 years old would have been the age of Pierce Brosnan when the film was made, so I'm not sure why this change was made). Numerous events are compressed in the last four years of the life of the Gray Owl (1934-1938). In the film, it is during this period that he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard, whom he called Anahareo; in fact, he met Gertrude and married her back in 1925. The film also does not mention the fact that they divorced in 1936 and that the Gray Owl remarried shortly before her death. <br /> <br /> The disclosure of the true identity of Gray Owl adversely affected his post-mortem reputation, and he was dismissed as a “fraudster”. His alleged fraud was even used to discredit the reasons he defended. Richard Attenborough, however, is more sympathetic about his achievements. One of the topics covered in the film is the issue of ethnic identity. Although the former Archibald Belani was not a Canadian Indian by birth, there is no doubt that he deeply knew the Ojibway culture and knowledge and spoke their language fluently. He was accepted by the Ojibwei as a member of their tribe. Therefore, it seems unfair to describe his claims to the native North American identity as fraudulent, simply because he chose an identity, not the one in which he was born. <br /> <br /> According to the film, Gray Owl's Wife Gertrude herself was of Indian origin, but came from a family that was assimilated into white Canadian culture. Therefore, her marriage can be viewed as a return to the original cultural heritage of her family. Her husband obviously had an influence on her, but she also influenced him, convincing him to quit the job of the fur catcher, since she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur. <br /> <br /> One criticism of the film was made because Pierce Brosnan was “mistaken” as a hero whose criticism seems to be based on the prejudice that Brosnan can play action heroes only in the form of James Bond. However, it seems to me that Brosnan may have consciously assumed this role in order not to be typical, since the silent forest gray Owl is as far from the courteous, sophisticated agent Bond as possible. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have deliberately chosen contrasting roles when he appeared in films such as "Hill" or "Molly Maguires." Brosnan is actually very good in this role, although I would agree with those who thought Annie Galipo was as weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another criticism with which I often disagree is that the film is “boring.” Of course, this is not a thriller, such as Bonds, and this is not a great epic biopic, such as Gandhi, and those who expected it to be one or the other may seem boring. Nevertheless, it is likely to please anyone who is interested in the first days of the movement for nature conservation or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity. Canadian forest scenes are also beautifully photographed. Richard Attenborough did us a favor by helping to revive interest in this half-forgotten but charming figure. 7/10
