The company, the latest high-budget incentive to the most successful franchise in the history of film and television, opens with a 90-minute episode entitled "Broken Bow." First we get into a massive sequence of actions with the Klingon, which is pursued by some Suliban (who are the main enemy in the first season of the show). From there, the television film takes us on a journey that rarely becomes as good as it is, with some of the best character development, storyline and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short time. <br /> <br /> The opening credits are a debatable topic among a minority of Enterprise fans, to whom some consider the song out of place. What they cannot understand is the texts themselves. If you are listening to a real song, not a theme, then they begin to put the puzzle pieces together. And in the end, as the series evolves further and further, and we learn more about our valiant captain and his team, will the song really become meaningful. In general, the theme of Dianne Warren is perfectly organized and sings exactly like opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes any television show watchable and noteworthy again and again is its characters and how they are structured and structured. multilayer. "Enterprise" is, in my opinion, one of the most popular shows since the "Next Generation". The choice of Scott Bakula as captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision, since Jean himself chose Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. Since the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds subtleties to his role and causes a huge smile on the faces of everyone with blood flowing through his veins. He is simply (an actor, a character, and a character) an excellent person, and his charm, wit, and compassion are stunning. As for the other actors, my favorite is John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Phlox. It is also nice to see the role of a non-human person, and the decision to give the captain a dog named “Porthos” was a well-received idea. Throughout the show, character development was brilliant, fast, timely, and almost perfect. I say almost because, unfortunately, the character of Travis Mayweather, played by Briton Anthony Montgomery, is a bit weak at the end of the first season. He has something to say here and there, but he remains in the hands of producers to make it more important. Jolene Blalock is remarkable as the sometimes harsh, but equally likeable Sub-Commander T'Pol. Dominic Keating, in the role of Lieutenant Malcolm Reed, plays an important role and is convincing as an officer in the armory. Connor Trinner plays commander Charles "Trip" Tucker, who always adds charm and comedy to his character and, finally, Linda Park as ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character, but fortunately quickly becomes interesting. All these characters make up Enterprise, and they all possess quality that Star Trek hasn’t seen for a long time. Every person makes this show worthy of attention. Smiles and pleasant sensations are guaranteed from the first time when we see them all together on the bridge of the starship Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01, is somewhat questionable in design. The series is set 150 years later and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why is this ship similar in design to the ships of the mid-24th century, namely Akira class spaceship? Continuity was a problem in Enterprise, but fortunately, Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer suitable explanations for each of them. Continuity is a problem only if you are constantly studying the show and are obsessed with the smallest details. If you see the show with an open mind, then you will not have problems, but there is a desire to know "why" all the time. So what did Berman and Braga offer to Star Trek fans in connection with the construction of the ship itself? According to them, the NX-01 is what it is because of the incident in the first contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E through his telescope and after talking with the visiting team led by Commander Riker, this changed his mind. This is a pretty good explanation for me. Let's move on. Of course, some fans are not so easy to accept such an answer, some have gone so far that they refused to watch the show until they received a reasonable answer. Come on guys, let's grow up. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars saga, launching his profitable trilogy, the fans could do nothing, they just watched and pumped up. And then they learned it, well, maybe it's not so bad. If you cannot accept a quality show with what it is, and not with what it should be on your mind, then go elsewhere. Or try becoming a producer of the show, and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The Enterprise kits remind me very much of Defiant from Deep Space Nine. They often seem cold and have a creepy look of modern structure, and they scream that they belong to the military. Perhaps that is why the crew of USS Enterprise (aka the flagship of the American fleet) like that. These are awesome decorations and they perfectly represent the show. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman, “Lord of the Empire,” as John Boban so accurately put it, and his colleague Brannon Braga hit the nail exactly where they were. must have and in all the right places. Whether technical details, visual effects, sound, editing or evaluation. The enterprise is a wonderful demonstration of how good science fiction can be when it falls into the hands of geniuses. The late Gene Roddenberry will be proud of this series, as well as a Star Trek fan.
