The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, winter is beginning to come, and residents, both people and sheep, calm down in much calmer times. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick), a former paratrooper in the British army, is a local dentist, he is not a native islander, and therefore his relationship with a local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imry) is always viewed with a little suspicion, not maliciously, but only from - for the protective instincts that a cohesive community has for their relatives. The tranquility of the islands is disturbed when Gaffikin finds the headless remains of a brutally murdered woman during a solitary game of golf. He immediately reports his horrible discovery to Inspoo Inskip (Maurice Roves) at the island’s police station. Inskip arranges the delivery of the remains to a local therapist, Dr. Goodry, for a more thorough check. A quick search for the killer is fruitless, as is the search for a missing local woman. At dinner that evening with Michael Gafkikin, Fiona realizes that the dead woman can be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the mainland who lives on the island during the winter months. A quick search at her house in the Dove Cottage found the missing remains of her body, her home was the scene of the murder, but why did the killer drag her torso a mile into the forest? Suspicion immediately falls on one stranger left on the island, one Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newt), who also turned out to be the last to see her alive when they collided on the last ferry. <br /> <br /> Goodry asks Gaffikin for some dental expertise on the victims body, this shows that she was torn apart by someone or something with great force, one set of teeth marks on the body seems to indicate the killer of a man, another indicates that an unknown animal of some Sheep was found mutilated, and then a Canadian ornithologist was found killed. With the onset of heavy fog, the island was cut off from the mainland, and any possibility of help, the radio also did not work, it would seem, were blocked, and telephone lines were cut off. Reports of a UFO and the discovery of a disguised soldier are aggravated by the discovery of a strange-looking ship hidden behind rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything other than facts, and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that aliens may be involved, but the increase in the level of radioactivity on the island makes him doubt himself. <br /> <br /> A Nightmare man based on David Wiltshire's novel “The Water Child”, he is adapted here by Dr. Who and Blake 7 screenwriter Robert Holmes and director Douglas Camfield, who also had directing experience in both science fiction and film taking advantage of such experience genre experts on board. The man of the Nightmare, as a whole, is concisely better worked out, who builds his plot along with a serious development of the characters, even up to the secondary characters, time is given to give them all a solid foundation. The island setting is perhaps a genre cliche that has been used again and again, but I like it very much, remoteness, a sense of siege without going out is always added to the atmosphere, and here he is given an additional ohph, having an impenetrable fog to prevent all efforts. In many genre efforts of this kind it is very easy to be silly, and the plot to resort to melodrama, but, as follows from respect for Camfield, it combines all this with an emphasis on plausibility at all times. There is authenticity in the process, the characters even sometimes speak Gaelic to advance in this. If the killer has one minus, then we get his / her / her POV for the killings, in itself an acceptable cliché, but when he is seen through a red filter and a fisheye lens, he just screams about fatigue and the date of the film is only a little. Nevertheless, although it will be difficult for you to guess the outcome, the personality or, for that matter, the type of killer, given the clues presented, this is a fun and very well-played thing. The local Scottish cast is exceptional, the local Bobby Roeves and Cosmo, in particular, blend perfectly with each other and are admired by Imrie, never familiar with other works, are also pretty good and show a woman's body shape, as if she were being shot in Hammer. An outlandish, perhaps even absurd ending can annoy some viewers, it disappointed me in a certain sense, but, taking into account when it was done, this is a clear and acceptable addition, which, if you think about it, is even more terrible.
