There is no greater bad service in history than to distort it. This is the easiest and shallowest route, just depicting it as a monster. Only showing their negative sides, and exaggerating them. "Those who do not know about the past doom us to its repetition." He was a man. This may be difficult for some people, but an important part of life is confronted with what we do not want. Instead of demonizing a person, we should try to understand it. Otherwise, we have little chance of hindering someone similar in the future, or perhaps even in the present, to succeed in something remotely comparable in scale with regard to damage and suffering. I hate him and what he did, do not turn him into something mythical, intentionally or otherwise. Honestly, too much of this mini-series could play "stupid dull * duum *!" after or during scenes. All this nods, pushes and winks at the audience with a clear message “this guy was evil or who”, including every bad trait (as well as a few that directly contradict who and what he was), allowing them to appear more or less from nowhere , and their constancy throughout his life, and not what he believed or claimed. It should never be used for training. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English) and, possibly, point out a few inaccuracies instead. This is disrespectful to the actual events that have occurred, and to all the survivors, not to mention those who died. Cinematic quality? Excellent. This is well done, through and through, excellent performance, a solid arc to a well-told story, what is really going on is strong and trustworthy, the dialogue and the script are great, all the acting workshops (Carlile looks and behaves like a role ... like it was written ... well), the music is well composed, the cinematography and editing is flawless and creative, and it is certainly dramatic, interesting and exciting. They get dates and many occasions, and make them justice. If I had been offered to work on this, and I didn’t feel that I could be objective enough for Hitler to look like a completely open person, I would refuse, citing this as a reason. I don't blame anyone for hating him. How can you forgive what he did, and we are sure you should? This is not what I suggest. Finally, let me point out that when I write this, we are in a global economic crisis that lasted about two years, and it is not very different from the crash of the 1929 stock market. The following led to the depression of the new millennium: governments give money to banks to keep the market moving, and most countries are now friendly towards each other. In addition, the lesson was not learned. Hope it is now. Back to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, the scientific literature dealing with the subject. There are many informative, smart. The DVD contains a trailer. I recommend this only to those who know better, and I violently urge everyone who watched it to look for the truth. 8/10
