The closest to the last episode, shown in the original Star Trek series, is an interesting, sometimes melancholic episode, which proves that the series still explores its characters even at this point in the third season; Despite the shortcomings, "All of our yesterday's days" have their moments and general mood, an irresistible feeling. Kirk, Spock, and McCoy head down to the planet, suggesting that they arrive at the very last moment to save, or at least give some warning to, all existing peoples, because the sun of the planet must explode in a few hours. But, as it turns out, people who are too knowledgeable about the fate of the planet and, using a kind of device for time travel, are gone. Every person in the past could choose the time and place where he or she would like to live in a “library” run by an elderly person named Mr. Atoz. Athos assumes that the three men are also looking for the past, and shows them different periods from which they can choose the audience. At the beginning of the episode there is some rather confusing confusion with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy - Where did they go? Atoz - Wherever they wanted. <br /> <br /> This misunderstanding could have been quite easily resolved, but for conspiracy purposes this is not the case, and soon Kirk finds himself transferred to a period reminiscent of England of the 18th century, while Spock and McCoy were sent to the Ice Age , 5,000 years ago in the past of the planet. Hence the focus is on Spock and his relationship with the woman this time sent as a tyrant as punishment. Spock begins to act more and more emotionally, showing anger towards McCoy and deep affection for Zarabet, the woman. In the end, he realizes that he returns to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors on Vulcan 5,000 years ago. Kirk first returns to the library and finally convinces Mr. Atoz that they do not belong to the history of his planet. Spock and McCoy return shortly before it is too late, leaving Zarabet behind; The Enterprise directs them up and runs away when the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabet provides the most memorable moments of this episode, although Kirk’s adventure in the English past is amusing. Overall, a very decent way out is Star Trek.
