The penultimate episode of the third season of "Star Trek" is excellent and is the highlight of the highly vicious final season. In fact, Spock, McCoy and Kirk head down to Sarpaydon to discover that the population of the planet is completely absent, except for the presence of the giant library and Mr. Athos, the librarian. All 3 characters of Trek soon accidentally fall into a time travel car at different periods of Sarpaydon’s past. Spock convincingly acts as a Vulcan of the Ice Age, who falls in love with Zarabet, while Kirk repeats his unhappy experience of traveling through time - see "The City on the Verge of Eternity" - when he is accused of witchcraft and imprisoned before escaping and find the door back in time to the gift of Sarpaydona. In the end, all 3 Trek characters are saved a few minutes before the Beta Niobe star around Sarpaydona becomes supernova. The Enterprise disappears at the exact moment when the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, as William Shatner notes in his book “Memories of Star Trek,” this show was a source of some controversy, as Leonard Nimoy noted that the reason is not listed in the Lysett script for the reason that Spock behaved so emotionally. Nimoy conveyed his concerns directly to the executive producer of the show, Fred Freiberger, that Vulcans should not have fallen in love. (p.272) However, Freiberger argued, the installation of the Ice Age allowed Spock to experience emotions, since this was a time when the Vulcans had not yet moved into their fully logical present state. It was a great example of improvisation on the part of Freiberg, to keep the script, which was well above average for this particular episode. While Shatner notes that the decline in the quality of the script in the third season damaged Spock artistically, as his character was forced to roar, like an ass in Plato's Dummies, to play music with hippies in The Way to Eden or sometimes show emotions, the script here was more believable. Spock played excellently here, as Freiberger frankly admitted to Satun. (p.272) The only obvious hole in the plot is the fact that, since Spock and McCoy traveled thousands of years ago, McCoy also had to return to a more primitive human state, and not just to Spock. But this is a forgivable mistake, given the poor quality of many other shows of the third season, the brilliant performance of Spock / McCoy and the originality of this script. Who could have imagined that the current inhabitants of Sarpaydona will be able to escape the fate of their doomed planet by going back in time? This is certainly what we are accustomed to expect from the best of Classic Trek - a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner in Memoirs named some of his best “unusual and high-quality shows” of the 3rd season as “Enterprise Incident”, “Dove Day”, “There Is No Beauty,” The Tholian Web And children lead and paradise syndrome. (p.273) Although my personal opinion is that “And the children will lead” is a very bad episode, while “There is a truth that there is no beauty” is problematic, “All of our yesterday’s days” are certainly on the list Top Stars Third Season Trek TOS Movies. I give 9 out of 10 for "All our yesterday's days."
