Unusual approach to time travel: instead of traveling to the past of the Earth, the main trio is stuck in the past history of another planet. They are heading down to this planet, the sun of which is supposed to be new in 3 or 4 hours (it cuts it!). In some futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atoz (from A to Z, understand? Ha-ha) and his duplicates. It turns out, instead of avoiding the destruction of their planet through space travel, in the usual way, all the inhabitants fled to different past eras of their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on the road after they make a choice (look at the CDs we see here, another Trek prediction on CDs and DVDs!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the car (Atavahron-something), the gallant Kirk hears the cry of a woman and encounters a 17th-century planetary version on Earth, where he fights with swords and is arrested for witchcraft. This time, the actress is playing an eccentric, but good game, playing a woman with a bad reputation, using the expression of time ("... you are a hooligan, shout well ... Witch! Witch! ...!"). Spock and McCoy follow Kirk, but turn out in the Ice Age 5,000 years ago. <br /> <br /> Kirk manages to return to the library first. The real story here is Spock's return to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, the militant Vulcans 5,000 years ago. This does not really make sense, except that perhaps the time machine is responsible for the changes ( Despite this, Spock and McCoy were not “prepared” by Atoz - oh well, it also seems to me that Spock was affected by the transition almost immediately - he mentions that he is at a distance of “millions of light years” instead of the correct hundreds or thousands - coarse a mistake for a logical Vulcan). In any case, Spock does show his disgusting side here - forget “Dove Day” and remember “This Side of Paradise” - McCoy quickly discovers that his Vulcan friend will not tolerate his usual persecution and will almost get his face ceased have it. Spock also relates this to Zarabet, a pretty woman who was expelled into this cold past as a punishment (a couple of Trek's novels were written about Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes open their eyes, recalling how much Spock hides or holds to himself. It's also funny that just a few episodes earlier (Requiem by Methuselah) McCoy pointed out to Spock how he would never know the pain of love — and now it all happens. Meanwhile, Kirk swears at the elderly Atoz, who insists that Kirk return to some past era (“You are obviously a suicidal maniac” - wonderful material from actor Wolfe, who was last seen in “Bread and Circuses”). In the end, everything works out, but, as I mentioned earlier, they cut it very close. A neat little adventure trip with a certain cosmic bias.
