Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, came up with ideas and even filmed episodes of “Amazing Stories”, so naturally this will be the greatest anthology ever existing, right? Sorry wrong. Some episodes are fantastic, but too often these were mixed items. In fact, it could have been his fall, because it was too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, some were horrors, and the other was even animated, which made it look like, but not such a good version of the 80s Twilight zone (which was also around). <br /> <br /> Normally I would like to have a mixture of stories in an anthological show, but they just did not work here completely. Some of the more fantastic dramatic episodes felt that it was better to show them late at night on the Lifetime network, for example, the episode "Ghost Train", which was filmed by Spielberg himself. In this episode, it gave us hope and gave us a fantastic story, but on the whole it was just a preparation for the final, which in any case did not hit me. Horror episodes tended to work better than drama, but they were much more dramatic, and they were tired of watching. Acting wisely, this anthology received several big stars similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berl, House Deluxe, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Ria Perlman, Danny DeVito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Katie Becker, Katie Becker, Katie Becker, Katie Becker, Katie Becker, Katie Becker, Katie Becker, Patrick Swayze, Kathi Beyker, Kathi Beyker, Christopher Lloyd, John Lockhart Jankovic and many other famous were in episodes of the series. Nice to see famous actors in almost every episode of the series. Great directors also took part in the episodes, including Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Bert Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Harris, Paul Barthel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito, and even Martin Scorsese. In fact, I would recommend it more to directors and / or 80s fans than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Amazing stories were sometimes amazing, usually good, sometimes mediocre, and from time to time a real bastard came out. But this show has nostalgic value for me, and it’s fun to sit in the afternoon and watch some episodes. John Williams' thematic music for the show will surely get into the head of anyone who also watches it. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good show. 30 minutes per episode. Tvpg
