Honestly, I expected to hate it, and really just checked it out, because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I must say that I enjoyed the EVIL. A group of college kids and their teacher go on an “excursion” to Ireland. Their housing is located next to the forest, where rumor has it that strange things are happening, and tourists often disappear without a trace. The property supervisor warns a group of teenagers that they should not go out into the woods, but being stupid heroes of B-films, they, of course, do not pay attention and pay for their mistake one by one ... First, there are many problems with EVIL BREED. Acting / dialogue is rather weak, and my main trouble is that the film that starred Jenna Jameson, Chacy Lane, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should have MUCH more impartial nudity than has been demonstrated here - and Jenna's role in this The performance is extremely over-promoted, since it has a total of about 2 minutes of screen time. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn has no skin and the worst Irish accent. In addition, the last scene of the film makes absolutely no sense and it seems that it was added only to complete the film. Aside from these problems - there are good things. Richard Greiko and Chasey Lane go early: Greyko's naked torso ends with a scythe and Chasey's guts hang because they are torn in half (although it’s not shown on the screen) ... not bad for first 5 minutes. Other murder scenes are quite creative, including the forced removal of Jenna’s breast implant, a guy who pulled a large intestine through his ass, a knife across his face, and several other celebrities. Scenes of implants and colon also have uncut versions with special features, and, unfortunately, manufacturers forced them to cut themselves, so to speak. In addition, the movie moves in a pretty good movie when it starts moving, so you don’t have that much time to get bored. The FX "creatures" are also made competently, which definitely helps. Overall, EVIL BREED was not as bad as I expected. This one, along with SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER, ALMOST renewed my interest in American low-budget videos. I usually stay away from them as a whole, but these two were decent enough to give me confidence. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it is a worthy way to blow up 90 minutes - it may not hurt to suck a bottle of cheap bourbon while you are in it - I know I was, and I am sure that it didn’t hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
