In Hong Kong, directors move to Hollywood to make films, this is nothing new, with a temporary outcome, such as Cui Hark, John Wu, Ringo Lam in the 90s. From their collective output, only a few films (or can I say only one?) Have had an impact on the box office. The Andrew Lau and Alan Mac partnership was the impetus in the recent history of the HK cinema, especially with their now-famous Trilogy Hell Cases, which was converted into Martin Scorsese's The Departed, so it’s no wonder when Hollywood is knocking on the door. <Br /> <br /> But without Comrade Mac, who usually has the duties of a screenwriter / story, how did lau lived with writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? This is similar to the X-Files without X in how history, characters and parallels are created with the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes meet in the spirit of David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson just because they do not belong to any federal investigative agency that carry weapons, but are members of the Defense Services, whose main role is to ensure that sexual predators belonged to their jurisdiction, kept safe from society when they are exempted from serving a sentence. Consequently, they are shepherds striving for their flock, only that their flock suffers from a painful sexual perversion with a propensity for violence. <br /> <br /> The parallels in the characteristic are so obvious that it is just a cosmetic touch to the outside. Like Fox Mulder, Errol Babbage from Gere is a strange, lonely person, absorbed in his obsession in his striving to stubbornly pursue his flock to sum up. Because of the failed attempt to save the missing child, just as Mulder longs for his missing sister, Babbage avoids colleagues and gets marching orders disguised as a retirement plan. He has a deep aversion to the people for whom he watches, bothers them with crimes and what they stand for, that he does not hesitate to use unorthodox methods, except that he does not cope with the task of carrying out illegal preventive punishment. At the same time, he also has strong motivations with which he must fight in order not to cross the line in order to become like he hates. As part of the routine, he also scans the newspapers and tabloids to find clues and leads to his goal — finding solitude, salvation for himself and a firm belief that the truth still exists and he wants to believe. <Br /> <br /> On the other hand, Allison Lowrie from Danes is a fictional way to replace Babbage. But at the same time, studying the ropes at work for the next 18 days, she is obliged to spy on him and report his frauds, much like what Dana Scully was tasked with doing with Mulder Fox. Being an unbeliever of preponderance and holding on to the notion that those who are fired back into society have recovered from their temptations, she slowly begins to see what Babbage sees and realizes that this requires much more than just working at the table and administrative work. work if she really wants to help people. <br /> <br /> And this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices, to which we open all our eyes, is very similar to how the 8mm Nicholas Cage in the lead role brought snuff films to the center of attention. This is a worthy investigative drama with the usual red herrings, and they are really good, because it made you quite often wonder if your guesses are correct, and soon you will find yourself shooting from the hip when you become mistaken with an alarming frequency, although I don’t attribute it a tough storytelling, but more of a growing number of characters (beware of Avril Lavigne’s cameo) and supporting stories. The scene in the darkened ware / shop was similar to David Mills and William Somerset of Se7en when they raided John Doe’s apartment and found many oddities in it, although, given the nature of the object, it was not much delayed. <br /> <br /> Apparently, The Flock for some reason decided that Enrique Chediak’s cinematography was quite good, despite the very strange lack of style, using almost all the tricks in the book to try to recreate the feeling of watching another Se7en, just it was deeply immersed in shades of brown, not doom and darkness of black. It takes some time to get used to this, and I called this effect one that really distracts from what is happening in history. Although this is not a very good move, with quite frequent repetition of scenes involving memories. <br /> <br /> But The Flock still has decent entertainment, although the X-philes there will probably be hard not to introduce their favorite actors to the main roles, given the great similarity in character. Gere and Danes put forward some chemistry like the old horseradish (heh) and his protégé, and although it’s not quite cool, Andrew Lau did manage to do something nice.
