I really like Richard Gere ... I always have, and it seems that recently his status as a Hollywood star and a money earner has decreased, but it seems to me that the reason is that he takes very mature, tense roles and has I I was very successful in this, but not financially, because lately I have seen him in some truly great gems, including “The Mystification”, “The Hunting Party” (both should watch movies! See my reviews), and now this “ The Flock ", which obviously should have been a big release, considering That is more than 35 million dollars. It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very, very harsh, because I thought that the film deals with a potentially very serious social problem in a very direct, cruel and disturbing way, and Gere just brings it all home. This is an action thriller who kept my story on television. I think that part of the problem that people seem to be facing is that in Hollywood this is a very serious problem, but I do not think that this is happening with disrespect, but rather trying to go the other way so that people realize that it exists. In fact, it is almost the same as the Hunting Party has dealt with the war. Hong Kong director Wai-Keung Lau did a decent job holding it together, but I think the cast made it watchable. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you may have guessed from my previous comments, is great as a social worker. something like Errol Babbage, who sort of created his own style and laws when it comes to tracing his “flock”, who are registered violent sex offenders. He does not have any difficulty tracking these people, watching them and absolutely sure that they will not offend, and if they do, he will be the one who can identify them and stop them as much as he can. Gir is so tense and looks devastated by this work, and he became fierce and angry, watching these monsters freely go out into the street. He's just fantastic. Claire Danes is also awesome as Babbage’s new partner and replacement, which he must train to do his job. The nature of the Danes is much more typical for a social worker and a bit puzzled by the style and methods of Babbage, but gradually realizes that he is trying to achieve, and goes against it. They are both great together and have terrific chemistry with such completely different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a troubled registered criminal who seems to have vomited out of the headlines, as she plays a character very much like Carl Homolka (Paul Bernardo’s wife, who is now absent) for those of you who follow Canadian serial killers. Her character is a bit overpriced, but she is convincing and terrible at the same time. Russell Sams is playing a small role as a new Strickland guy, and he probably would have been better off if he got a bigger role. Ray Wise, who is a terrific character actor (look at him in the Dead End, as well as an amazing move, like Satan himself in the WB Reaper), and he gets a small but good role as head of the public security department and Babbage's boss. <br /> <br /> The film is not perfect, despite the amazing qualities of its leading role. Freedom is required, really trying to make the film more entertaining than educational, but this is just another angle, not like “Nicolas Cage Dood 8 mm.” The Flock takes you bewildered about sex, kidnapping, human trafficking and many others, and this is really what you need to look at. It may not have been written or written as it could be, but I am telling you that Danes and Gere together make this film a completely watchable and truly magnificent thriller. It is disturbing, but at the same time it is not very difficult, and yet the character of Gear is in many ways extremely complex with many layers, and also reveals social stigma and makes you think about vigilance in many ways when you see people with whom Gear is having a deal. I urge all of you to ignore the bad reviews and see for yourself, because it’s worth checking out !! 8.5 / 10
