I was looking for this film because I am a new fan of Frein and wanted to see more of his work. First of all, he has a great Irish accent. He seems to be very fond of dialects. His game was amazing, as usual. James Frain aside, I thought the film was very well made. This showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as a "mess." Both sides are guilty of serious injustices, and men involved in the conflict usually have little to say about their circumstances. <br /> <br /> It is also interesting to understand that not every man (or woman) who is allegedly fighting for his country really does this. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he does “it,” Ginger cannot come up with a morally acceptable answer. What for? Because Ginger is not here for the noble cause of defending his country or the rights of his fellow Protestants ... Ginger is here for the pleasure of killing. He's thirsty for blood, and this is the perfect job for a guy like him. In this fight, there are guys like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... guys who see that all battles only give birth to more battles. There are guys like Kenny, born leaders, full of charisma, and they add fuel to the fire, whether they want it or not. Kenny also genuinely believes in "cause." He thinks that what he does will make a difference in the future ... which is a bit strange, because his character seems too clever for all this. But, like many other seemingly intelligent people, he is drawn into a gangster lifestyle, without even realizing it ... until it is too late. In addition, there is Ginger, a pure psycho who does not participate in hostilities for any other reason, except because of the thrill that in a gangster type of war makes him a valuable asset, as some claim. But now, in this film, Ginger lasted a long time and became a very dangerous free gun. <br /> <br /> Everything comes to a boiling point, and, as expected, the final is tragic. What makes this film worthy is that it shows both sides of this long-standing conflict. As an American, I cannot fully understand what the struggle is about. But I know that there must be a better way. <br /> <br /> In general, well-played, touching ... but disturbing film.
