"What is love? What is this desire for unity in our hearts? Isn't that the sweetest flower? Does not this flower of love possess the fragrant aroma of beautiful, beautiful diamonds? Does the wind not like dirt? unlike unlikely, is it not like? Are you with someone today? Do not ask about your love. Take your beloved by the hand. Unleash the power within you. You heard me, unleash the power. Tame the wild space in a whisper. Conquer heaven with one intimate caress. That's right, don't be shy. Wipe all you got and do it in the ass. Leon Phelps "When Tim Meadows created his typical SNL playboy, Leon Phelps, I cringed. Hearing his cunning sigh and disgusting comments, my distant trembling from indignation. I used the click function several times, dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the Lady version of the movie came on the cable, I muttered a few comments of my own and clicked again. But the day comes, gray and miserable, when “nothing happens” on any of the 100+ channels ... sigh Yes ?? I faced with every cable subscription flour ?? watch or off chit TV! Here it is, Leon Phelps, grinning and ... making me laugh! What happened? Did I succumb to Hollywood's "stupid" sit-coma humor? Did I really desperately try to avoid renouncing my sacred throne? Is it true that I like “The Ladies Man.” The story of the vulgar playboy sipping cognac, while condemning every female form, contradicts my feminist feelings. <br /> <br /> What began with a rough parody of SNL blossomed before my eyes in the story of Leon and his playboy philosophy for life "helping people" resolve their sexual conflicts. “I am Mother Teresa Boning,” he solemnly reports to Julie (Karin Parsons), to his friend and the long-suffering producer of his radio show Lady. And he is not joking. Leaving a string of broken hearts and evil spirits, Leon manages to sleep and have breakfast in almost all of Chicago. That he does this with such sincere goodwill is his calling card throughout his life. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed “Expert in the Path of Love” may face big problems husbands and boys. One of such slanderous spouses, Lance (Will Ferrell), creates the “Victims of a smiling asshole, USA” club, promising to catch our dear Don Juan. “Oh yes, we will take revenge,” he sings to his fellow-soldiers in a dance number that stops the show. <br /> <br /> Plus, I'm so glad to see Billy Dee Williams in the role of Lester, the owner of the tavern. and the smooth narrator of Leon's odyssey to find his "sweet thing" and a ton of money. (Where is he hiding?) But will I choose this film as my choice for Valentine's Day? Leon's quest for an easy life changes him so much that I had to pay homage to our "lady." That he can, at the end of the film, find true happiness with one woman, while still offering his outlandish advice, is a dream thing!
