Sometimes they are lucky and they fall into the hands of (World Wayne, the first, not the second). But most often they have clothes (this Pat comes to mind pretty quickly). This time it's Tim Meadows as Ladies. This film is somewhere between hit and failure. For the first 20 minutes it was very funny, but then, as is usually the case with SNL parodies, it starts to slow down before it finally ends, long before it should have been. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows - Leon Phelps radio DJ with a night show called The Ladies Man. He answers all questions concerning sex and relationships, usually in the most rude way. It seems that everything ultimately comes down to ass. After pressing the buttons of the station manager, Leon, along with her producer Julie (Karin Parsons), quit, and he needs to find another job. From a random blue color comes a letter from one of his former ladies. The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem is that the letter is not signed. Therefore, Leon needs to track down all the women with whom he was to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the film, the woman of your dreams is right in front of you. There is also a story about a group of guys whose wives / girlfriends have slept with Leon, and they want to first find out who he is (from the tattoo he has on his anatomy), and then kill him. To lead this group of guys is a surprise! Will Ferrell from SNL. First, I thought the subtitle was pretty lame. Singing and dancing were just useless. I usually like Will Ferrell, but here he just never clicked on me. And the other guys were just clubs that followed them, and in the end everyone decided that deceiving their wives / girlfriends was really their fault. So back to the main story. The story is mainly centered around Leon and sex. So what it all comes down to, if you don’t like Leon’s character, you don’t like the movie. His voice, his manners, his dialogue - this is what the film carries. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good actor in SNL. The only thing I really liked was his parodies of Ladies Man. But the best thing about them is that they usually attracted the guest host (remember the one with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For 5 minutes they were pretty funny. And so, about 20 minutes is really funny. What seemed good to me in the character of the film was that he remained a character in everything. He never gave up his desire to just get the right person. To the very end, where this transformation occurred and the speech that ever existed to tie things together. Besides that, he was pretty good at keeping Leon Leon and not turning him into something less rude than him. There is nothing substantial in this film, if you do not guess. But, as I said earlier, the beginning of the film seemed to me very funny. Some really laugh out loud, they all revolve around sex and its rudeness. Of course, the problem with this movie and most of the other additional SNL commercials is that these characters should only be shown for a few minutes at a time. Stretching the concept for 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty obviously explains why they needed a plot, because without it this film would have been less than an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it must be boring. <br /> <br /> In general, The Ladies Man was not as bad as the other SNL films, but not as good as the others. There were some funny moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest was overdue. There was an unnecessary plot, the sole purpose of which was to lengthen the film. The bottom line is that if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you can watch the movie. If he annoys you, do not even worry. Unless you want to see Tiffany Theyssen in some beautiful revealing clothes. <br /> <br />
