No matter how small it may sound, I have postponed “Barbarians” several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the image shown here on the site) looks incredibly funny! By now, I would like to watch it before, because the film is not so funny. just trashy, trashy, polite and insanely funny! It is almost unbelievable that Rudzhero Deodato, director of the Holocaust of the Cannibals of all people, was the person responsible for this comic earnings in the modern fantasy films Sword and Sandal, especially in Schwarzenegger’s films about Conan. The film begins with a terrific "once" narrator, introducing us to Ragnex. Their founder once exchanged a whole mountain of pure gold for one magically powerful ruby, which would allow them to travel free and gain access to any country as artists. In other words, Ragnex is a bunch of traveling circus monsters! Their happiness suddenly ends when greedy Kadar kidnaps the beautiful Queen Ragnek, the Queen of the Canary Islands, and constantly tries to locate the ruby. Meanwhile, and as a kind of fun waste of time, the two orphan twin brothers, Horus and Tuchek, are trained to become muscular warriors, and they are unknowingly ready to fight each other to death. But instead, they run away and develop a plan to free their queen. Actually, the plot is not twice as bad as I initially feared, but the most interesting thing is the screen chemistry of the Bifkeyk brothers, insanely inept dialogues and, of course, completely stupid fantasy monsters like dragons with adorable cute eyes, some then a werewolf creature and zombies that randomly appear from the swamp. The soundtrack and makeup effects are great, and our almighty director Deodato maintains an incredibly fast pace. The acting abilities of the Brothers-Barbarian are much better than I expected, except for the fact that one of them constantly publishes rough belching. The supporting compound is also great. Eva La Rue has never looked as beautiful as the witty wild girl Cara, Virginia Bryant is really fascinating, as Richard Lynch claims, and the lovely Sheba Alahani first and only appears in the film as an evil witch with a donut-like haircut ). And last but not least: in the “Barbarians” all the favorite stars “Eyes in the mountains” imitate Michael Berryman, named respectively the master of dirty clothes. I know that the picture shown looks more attractive than the advertising campaign for the musical version of the rise and fall of the villagers, but “Barbarians” are indeed a must-have event of Italian exploitation.
