LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of the film, a work that has become deeper due to its understated screenwriter / scriptwriter / director Ismael Ferruhi, which allows you to create a natural landscape of this story about the “road trip” and the refined play of the stars Nicolas Casale and Mohammed. Majd carry the emotional impact of the film. Ferruhi’s vision was greatly improved by Katella Gian’s cinematography (a sensitive mix of horizon travel perspectives and tightly photographed duets between characters) and Fovzi Gerge’s musical score, which manages to maintain some beautiful themes throughout the film, paying tribute to many local musical variations from numerous countries . <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicholas Casale) lives with his Muslim family in the south of France, a young student with a western friend who does not seem to follow the religious direction of his heritage. His elderly father (Mohamed Majd) decided that it was his time to make a haj to Mecca, and, unable to drive a car, he asked reluctant Red to give up his personal needs in order to force him to fulfill his final religious duties. They traveled in a fragile car to drive through France, to Italy and through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. During the trip, Reda begs his father to visit some interesting sights, but his father is still focused on the purpose of the trip, and Reda is irritated to fight his father’s demands. During their pilgrimage, they encounter an old woman (Gina Ognyanova), who joins two men and eventually must leave Red, Turk Mustafa (Jackie Nersisyan), who promises to lead a father / son duet, but instead causes a split causing Red to get drunk in bar and disappear, and countless border guards and customs agents, who for various reasons delay their progress. Tensions between father and son: Reda cannot understand the importance of this pilgrimage, which is fraught with trials and setbacks, and the father cannot comprehend Reda’s unresponsiveness to the religious beliefs and needs of his father. Finally, they reach Mecca, where crowds of pilgrims from around the world surround them, and the sense of significance of the trip stuns Red. The way the story ends is touching and rich in meaning. To restore the gap between youth and old age, between son and father, as well as between disobedience and acceptance of religious values, religious pilgrimage was made. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this film is extraordinary - especially since it seems that the camera simply “accidentally” catches the beauty of many stopping points on the way without having to improve them with special effects. Nicholas Casale is an excellent actor (be sure to watch his most recent and currently shown film The Son of the Grocer), and it is his carefully thought-out role that brings magic to this film. This is another great movie from the Movie Movement; this is a brilliantly told story. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
