If you want to be cynical and meticulous, you can point out that the discovery, where the RAF Lancaster bomber was mortally wounded on May 2, 1945, is somewhat unlikely, since the German air defenses that day were as alive as Adolf Hitler, but this is not true. a film that a cynical viewer should watch, and I think a character killed literally in the last hours of the war adds sharpness. In fact, you had to survive the second world war in order to fully appreciate the intelligence, beauty and soul of Powell's masterpiece and the Pressburger. Are heavenly scenes painfully looking today when you look at them? Again, you should watch the film in context when it was made. Air Force bomber command lost 58,000 people during the war, as much as America lost in Nama, but in a shorter period and a much smaller reserve of active fighters, there are no atheists in the lunar hole, and I doubt that you lost a relative during the conflict, you would consider material atheism a sensible thing. When young pilot Richar Attenborough looks at the view beneath him with awe, many war heroes must have been crying openly on this stage, recalling the many missed comrades who did not survive the war. It should also be remembered that, despite the loss of several million people in 1939-45, it seems that very few people from Germany pass through the pearl gates. Obviously, the Nazis do not go to heaven. <br /> <br /> The story itself, where the dashing young pilot Peter Carter, arguing for his life before the heavenly court, would not have been a great attraction for me, if you didn’t have as subtext you see, “MOTHERS OR LIFE AND DEATH "- This is a very political and visionary film, mourning the end of the British Empire, because it is replaced by American ambitions. There are small things that show the film as made by people who know about American history and culture. One of these is the ethnic mix of America, and even today, many Britons believe that the United States is overwhelmingly white Protesting Anglo-Saxon, although in fact only 51% of Americans are "white Europeans." The film rightly holds a scene in which many different races admit that “I am American” because Peter judges Abraham Farlan, an Anglophobe who was the first revolutionary killed by British forces in the American War of Independence. As for the “special relationship” between the UK and America — which special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Britain and America. They obviously also know their future. <br /> <br /> Don't forget to watch this movie, thinking about the past and the present. This is strange, beautiful, piercing and clever, but most of all it is a film that would never have worked if it had been shot in the last 40 years. Can you imagine whether this story was unfolded in 2003 around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
