After Dirty Shame, I never thought I would see another John Waters movie. This film was so bad that I was sure that all his films would be like that. But when the DVD of this movie was viewed in a popular magazine, and they said it was a great movie, I still decided to try it. Only a couple of days later he was shown on television. I wrote it down out of curiosity, and now that I saw it, I can tell you that this “Pecker” is undoubtedly much better than the “dirty shame”. <br /> <br /> In this film, we see a young “nobody” from Baltimore becoming a sensation in the art world of New York. He is an employee of a sandwich shop who takes pictures of his strange family or things he sees on the street as a hobby. When he holds his first "exhibition" in the store where he works, his paintings are noticed by the gallery owner, who loves paintings full of suffering and weirdness. His photos are sold at great prices, but when he sees how his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides that he will not go to New York anymore, they will have to come to him if they want to see more of him. And they do it, but what they see there is an even greater shock than they could imagine ... <br /> <br /> It is not difficult to understand why I fell in love with this film much more than “Dirty shame ". ". The first reason is that this film has a real story. There really is something to say in this film, and it is not intended to shock as many people as possible. The fact that they are making fun of the world of art, which considers all unusual art, because they do not know what reality is, is not just fun, but not so far from the truth. I think there are a lot of people who are so related to modern art. No one understands why they are so fussing about this, but, obviously, we all should like it. The second reason why I liked this film is that this film has much better acting qualities. I'm not saying that everything you see is great, but at least the characters have some meaning thanks to the performances of various actors, such as Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... <br /> <br /> In general, this not a very good film, but thanks to its criticism and some good jokes that never go too far, this is a nice movie. Of course, this is not the best comedy, but I liked it a lot more than Dirty Shame. I give this movie 6.5 / 10.
