Before this little black and white plot, the topic of criminal rape has never appeared on the American screen. Many of these themes were hidden by Hollywood and the Production Code until the rebellious 1960s. Therefore, it is not surprising that to raise this topic a small independent company would be needed, for example, Ida Lupino’s Filmmakers. The result is well-intentioned, but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising, since director Lupino had to work with the requirements of the Code in order to release the film. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, the main problem of Anne Walton (Mala Powers) after the attack is not how others can see her, but how she sees herself. And it is a heavy burden that it carries. Will she ever be able to relate to men again? Will they look at it as a “damaged product” (after all, this is 1950)? It is not surprising that she escapes, and does not face these worries at home and at work, although family and friends tend to support her. In general, this first part is serious and well done. The chase is promoted to introduce some kind of action into the plot, but then this is a movie - notice how an inquisitive neighbor does not respond to the buzzing sound at the end of the chase. If these were shouts of anxiety from the powers instead, the lack of a neighbor’s response would raise an interesting, though complicating, problem. <br /> <br /> The second half is largely given to the Production Code of the sentimental person by Rev Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is he (quoting the phrase) that “gives her the courage to meet life again.” There are some attempts to humanize him - this is Ann or her dilemma that interests him most. However, his gentle and understanding presence seems too wonderful and too Hollywood. Fortunately, the finale avoids the usual Hollywood wagering, emphasizing only the hope of a happy decision for Ann, and not her confidence. <br /> <br /> First of all, thank Lupino for taking up this topic. Given the overall results, I expect her to handle the topic as honestly as she was allowed. I also expect that today's audience will find the treatment a little more interesting, mainly because of Powers' excellent work that brings out purely human drama. Nevertheless, the film works best now as a document of its time, and what cultural guard dogs of that time were considered suitable for viewing by adults.
