I love this film. Director Michael Powell once said that this is his favorite film, and he is also mine. Powell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple, wonderfully thought out story - the power of love against "the forces that will be." However, his deception lies in the complexity of his "real or imaginary" premise. In fact, it can be argued that this is simply an image of the consequences of a war for a young, poetic pilot during World War II. Or is it? The question is never answered anyway. In fact, it is not even asked. This constant understatement is part of the appeal of the film. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and cinematography even include some nice touches that reflect the interests of filmmakers. For example, “Pressburger” always wanted to make a cinematographic version of Richard Strauss’s opera “Der Rosenkovalier” about the young Viennese aristocrat of the 18th century. This is evident from a brief interlude in which Conductor 71, dressed in all his outfits, holds a rose (which looks silvery in heaven). The music even has a dreamy quality. <br /> <br /> All the acting skills are first class - David Niven is his most charming, and he has excellent support from veteran Roger Livesey and relative newcomer Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the film’s charm comes from Marius Göring as Conductor 71. He certainly has the most interesting role filling each of his scenes with his innocent frivolity, lightening film. It is a pity that some scenes from the "Conductor 71" remained on the floor of the cutting room. It is also a pity that Goering's comedic talents are rarely seen in films, with the exception of the wonderful videos from the scarlet larvae television series from the 1950s. This is by far the most memorable role in his film career. He is perfect for the relaxed style of Niven, and his virtual exaggeration so nicely contrasts with the seriousness of the other characters. Ironically, in the mid-1940s, Niven also starred as another celestial "messenger", played by Cary Grant, in the film "Bishop's Wife." Their acting style was so similar that I found the result boring, non-energetic and disappointing. As a footnote, according to Powell, Goering desperately wanted the role of Peter Carter, who initially abandoned Conductor 71. It is good that he gave up and gave us such a wonderful image. <br /> <br /> “By order of the film” “To smooth out the tense relations between the UK and the USA, overestimate their point of view by the end. But it disarms in its mild reminders of the horrors of war - the numerous victims, both military and civilian, of the need to "continue" when faced with death. The absence of the “enemies” of World War II is noticeable in heaven, but the civilians shown are of uncertain origin. Powell and Pressburger could be more explicit in their description, but this was not necessary. The film may not have fulfilled its diplomatic goal, which was hoped for, but its originality continues to inspire filmmakers and viewers alike on both sides of the Atlantic.
