Some unsuspecting films carry a message that resonates hours and days after viewing. This is the case with CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautifully crafted 2002 Spanish film based on the novel Boca de noche by Angel Garcia Roldan, who also adapted the book as a script. War and its consequences are not a new theme for films, but when this theme of war plays in the background as a subtle driving force for the development of characters (especially children) who must face adult life under the influence of adult games, the result will be different and more gentle study of the genre of the film "coming of age". <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Hispanic-American boy from New York who is returning with her seriously ill mother Aurora (Maria Barranco). in the house of her Aurora in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War, the house left by her father don Amalio (Alvaro de Luna) after the death of his wife. Father Carol Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who sided with Republicans against Franco and rarely happens to his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jimenez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso, in turn, married the cold sister of Aurora Dolores (Lucina Jill). Carol is an independent girl who remains apart from everyone except her grandfather Don Amalio until she meets others of her own age, but not of her own “class”: Tomicé (Juan José Ballesta) and his two friends offended at first by Carol, but by as far as the development of events is concerned, Carol and Tomic are connected with what is felt as the first awakening of love. When Aurora dies from her illness, Carol must live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but still turns to her grandfather for support and to her mother’s best friend and teacher Marudzha (always beaming Rosa Maria Sarda), understand the inequality between classes and the senseless war that keeps her beloved father on her side. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche will learn how to become adults, faced with a lot of injuries in a short period of war than most of us experience in our entire life. The end, albeit a sad one, inspires when Carol’s journey to maturity is complete. <br /> <br /> The film was shot in Gallicia and Portugal and contains several unusually beautiful settings, made with gentle and sensitive cinematographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and reinforced by Bingen Mendizabal’s musical score. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line that separates pathos from pathos, and, deciding to focus the story on the children involved, he makes even stronger statements about the futility and cruelty of war. The cast is exceptional: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by good veteran actors in adult roles. This is a visually stunning job with a long message, and it should find a much larger audience than it is now. Grady harp
