The prosperity of the discovery made me purr with admiration for their ingenuity - a modified version of the Archers' logo, an introductory disclaimer, the way the camera moves through space. It is strange to think that "This is a wonderful life" came out in the same year. There is no big coincidence: the 1940s were flooded with celestial-earth films; but glowing cotton wool nebulae and cute competition angels look tattered, something is best conveyed in silence when placed next to Alfred Junge's vision. <br /> <br /> He continues to look great all over, as more and brighter ideas arise from us. I'm not a big fan of mixing color with black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly if it is placed next to the other. This is not the case. Powell dissolves color in monochrome and monochrome in color, as if it is the most natural thing in the world, a simple change of palettes. Both color photography and black and white can stand by themselves. <br /> <br /> As for the story ... this could be a better Pressburger scenario, or at least it would be if the conclusion was a more logical outcome of previous events. In addition, it is stressful, but with more happening than I can mention here. Was the heavenly world real or imaginary? (Or both? Perhaps, Carter came up with a fantasy that, as it happened, was true.) Everyone says that we must neither ask nor answer this question, but I don’t understand why. I'm sure we have to ask a question. The film even gives us clues as to what the answer is - really, the problem is that there are too many clues, and they first seem to point in different directions. The fact that other things should take our attention does not mean that it should not take us too. As I said, a lot happens. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (Heavenly Attorney's attorney) plays a cricket match on the radio program and says scornfully: Voice of England, 1945. Dr. Reeves (defense) recognizes the exhibition with great embarrassment, and then creates his own: a blues song from America, which Farlan listens as if he has a lemon in his mouth. Reeves looks smug. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I do not understand why snobbery condemns blues music - and this is not what Powell and Pressburger are doing. As long as the song sounds, we hear American soldiers listening to it: several of them nod in rhythm with the rhythm, completely at home. THEY do not find it incomprehensible. There is something valuable about this song, and neither Reeves nor Farlan knows what it is. Reeves probably understands the same. All English viewers (as well as all Australian, Indian, etc. Audiences) know, without being told, that there is also something valuable in the cricket broadcast; and that, although Reeves understands IT, he cannot explain this to Farlan - hence the blues show, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing their understanding of everything else. This is a clever scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I found David Niven a little cold, without the charisma he would have acquired later in his career; but despite this, I don’t think the film captured my heart as quickly after the start of the action as this one.
