Didn't Mystic Pizza get an Oscar this year? This film has never had a chance because of the casting, but perhaps by now people can understand why I felt this way when I left the theater. Only "Wargames" made me feel so alarmed after leaving the theater, with the feeling that I was getting an idea of ​​our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> Casting is the Cuisinart pop culture of the 1980s: Arnold as Ben Richards, and the fake runaway offered a chance to “run” after his freedom. on a game show with the same name as the movie; Richard Dawson in the role of Damon Killian, regarding his role as if he were the master of Family feud with rivals using real weapons; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and one of the fighters, Professor Tanaka, as "Sabzero", both "stalkers" who kill "fleeing people". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mick) and Dizil Zappa (Stevie) appear, while the “dancers of the future” are nothing more than Laker Girls. This film screams "80s." The plot is a good excuse for action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but agrees to be a Runner when he is told that his friends will be released; instead, they join him as "members." Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which Salme Hayek can be correctly judged in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The production value of the film was a bit scanty, the lines were too much, and (at the time) the plot seemed a bit far-fetched. I remember thinking when I left the theater that we were definitely moving in the direction of the film, but who could see how far we go there and how quickly? If “The Running Man” were listed in the TV Guide, most people would assume that it was just another reality show, going beyond today's. The influence of the government on the media has only worsened, and the stupid American public of the future, which gives up all its freedoms for the sake of "national security", is simply frightening. Ben Richards superbly played Arnold as one of the few remaining opponents of state tyranny, which the rest of America is too eager to accept in exchange for good television and some farewell gifts for viewers. <br /> <br /> The film was unbearable, maybe even from the cliff for its time, but, like in “Back to the Future III”, the “ravine”, which he seemed to plunge into in 1987, was replaced by finished tracks in 2006 and later, and this film will enter the future as one of the most prophetic films of our time. Tragically, as in the case of the Wargames, the academy did not give this brilliant scenario the recognition it deserved. “Serious” actors who act seriously, being so pretentious that they want to be pulled out can win more Oscars, but this does not make them better films than their “ordinary” colleagues like this one. <br /> <br /> Absolutely necessary to see.
