Once again in the 80s, Arnold demonstrated that he was the king of militants and one of the participants in this futuristic film about a cruel game show in which none of the participants survived. But, as the line says, Arnold has yet to play! The film begins in 2019, when the global economy collapsed, because food and other important materials are scarce, and a totalitarian state emerged that controls all aspects of life through television and the police state. The most popular game show is “Running Man”, in which criminals are forced to survive against “Stalkers” who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Ben Richards (Arnold) leading a helicopter mission to watch the Food Riot in progress. The bosses order him to shoot at them, refusing to kick him out and throw him in jail, and in the meantime they kill people without his help. The government blames Richards for the murder that brought him the name "Bakersfield Butcher." Eighteen months later, Richards, along with two friends William Laughlin (Coto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre), break out of the detention zone in which they worked. They are heading underground with Mick (Mick Fleetwood). Mick quickly identifies Richards as the Bakersfield Butcher and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance, but he would prefer to live with his brother and get a job. Soon he discovers that his brother was taken away for re-education, and a woman named Amber Mendez (Alonso) received his apartment. Knowing who he is, she will not help him, but he convinces her, but the police ruin him at the airport after she turned him in. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the Running Man is having trouble finding a good new blood for stalkers to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson), the host of the show and one of the most influential people in the country, sees Richards run away and can get him to the show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him, so he signs a contract. You will love this part. But he soon discovers that they too will join him and make sure that Killian knows that he will return. Runners begin to wade through the Zones and fight unforgettable characters, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw, and many others. In the end, Amber joined Richards, who suspected that he was framed, but also caught and thrown into the game. Together they find the underground and return to Killian and say goodbye to him. <br /> <br /> The Running Man is another great movie of Arnold 80s. The film appears to be somewhat based on the eponymous book by Stephen King. Some say the book is better. I’m sure it’s not, and I don’t care, I loved the movie. As in all Arnold films, acting is what you expect from classic liners from Arnold, and even Ventura gets a pair. But, without a doubt, Richard Dawson is outstanding in this film. Being the real owner of the game show, he easily faked himself and was able to create a really cool character. The whole movie is a bit torn on game shows, and the big brother is watching you. Watch that they make a joke and arrange old shows, including “the boat of hatred”. In addition, the cast was great, except for Arnold, Koto and Alonzo, do not forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all this nonsense of the reality show that is about him, now almost everything is better, but I’m sure that Hollywood liberals will turn it into a movie about “Wicked Bush.” The new DVD had mostly bad add-ons that met stalkers being the only ones redeemed. The way the ACLU managed to get some of this communism on a DVD is a ridiculous trash that shouldn’t be next to Arnold’s movie about all things. Blasphemy! In general, for any Arnold fan, especially for us who grew up on him in the 80s, you can't miss it. This is one of the first that I saw in the 80s, and it is still great. The futuristic world and humor are great. Only 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of his best.
