Of all the films of Arnold of the mid-80s, which would be considered the most relevant film today "Running Man". The scary and surprisingly realistic story about the reality show went crazy. Perhaps then it was contrived, but not now. Not when you think about it. Currently, the television show “Reality” is either scraping the bottom of the barrel, or desperately trying to raise the bar. If the next one is not as controversial as the previous one, that’s stupid. How much time will pass before we really see shows like The Running Man? How long before we have “court-appointed theater attorneys” or the entertainment department of the Ministry of Justice? This film has so much satire and intelligence that may have missed back in 1987, and desperately need to see them again, given the current state of the TV show. <br /> <br /> The biggest message of all: “You are being cheated. It's no secret that the government and the media are working in collusion. And the masses believe what the media tells them. This is a terrible state of affairs, and if more accurate ideas about the truth do not appear, we can easily accept a brutal show, such as The Running Man, in the near future. It's no secret that Reality TV is not very realistic. It is edited and modified before going on the air, and that’s just what the networks want you to see. This is usually far from the real truth. <br /> <br /> Although the script is different from the book by Stephen King (the ending is completely changed), the script corresponds to the typical Arnie formula. Yes, he has numerous and very banal one-line players, and he says: “I will come back” (which he, in any case, never REALLY said so often when you think about it) in the most ironic situation, but he is still on a million times better in this role than Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would (these two were considered BEFORE Arnie believed or not). <br /> <br /> The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glazer). It may not be artistic, but still strong enough to cause excitement, and its use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each individual set a rather cool look. Andrew Davis (not the director I particularly like) was attached to Glaser, although, no matter who directs, the film is still clouded by the very heavy feeling of the 80s. <br /> <br /> First of all, Harold Faltermeyer’s assessment (remember) he? is incredibly outdated and robs the fighting scenes of any timeless integrity. And the fashion sense in the film is too redundant to be convincing in the future. In addition to the outdated sensation, the only thing that bothers me is a poorly organized exchange of fire, which takes place as a climax. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is a million times better than the original release. Passed a terrible picture of the mailbox. In its place is a completely new anamorphic translation in high resolution 1.85: 1. The colors sparkle and literally pop up from the screen. The new soundtrack for Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES is also impressive. There is a constant use of surround channels with great effect, and the bass is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best remasters I've seen so far. Two intriguing documentaries, a trailer, and the “Meet the Stalkers” trick are included in this two-disc set, which comes in a rather neat case.
