I'm still not familiar with the Crimi genre, and the only one I saw before I saw this was the earlier and somewhat disappointing “Dead Eyes of London”, which definitely didn’t inspire much hope for the rest of the genre in me. However, if I saw this film first, the feeling would be different, while “Killing a College Girl” is a strange and rather foolish attempt at a crime. It’s very fun to watch, and it’s very hard to hate a movie that throws so many strange and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to make it come true. The film begins in the laboratory, where a mad scientist has invented a new and highly toxic poison that kills his victim and gives the impression that they died of a heart attack. This poison is used by the mysterious criminal mastermind, who rips ordinary criminals out of prison to commit their murders with the help of this poison (and then sends them back to prison). As the name suggests, this is a nearby college full of girls that provides the majority of victims. There is also a mysterious monk dressed in a red dress who marauding, breaking her necks with a whip. <br /> <br /> Of course, with this plot; this is not a serious matter, and the director clearly knows that there is a mocking atmosphere in the film that foreshadows the plot. Unfortunately, the fact that there are so many different parts to the plot means that not everything goes smoothly; although this is not a big problem, as everything goes well throughout the film, and it is always enough to interest the public. The atmosphere is gorgeous, and the colors on the display are great too. Of course, the film is based on the novel by Edgar Wallace, and it is clear that the man has great imagination; the locations used are also excellent, and although the killer's lair, adorned with many wild and exotic animals, may have nothing to do with the plot, it helps give the film an extra “something”. You cannot expect a conclusion that completely makes sense after everything that happens in this film; but the reason for the killings makes sense and is a culminating moment satisfactory to the film. Overall, College Girl Murders is a great little mysterious movie, and it is highly recommended!
