Prussian gas, the killer putting on a red clan suit and a hood with a white whip, and the killing of college students at the hands of paid inmates recruited by a mysterious inspirer who hides his face in the office that houses the aquariums with turtles and fish. Inspectors from Scotland Yard, Higgins (Joachim Fuchsberger) and his boss, Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg), are certainly fully engaged in this matter. All of this seems to be centered around female student Ann Portland (Ears Voice), who, when she turns 21, should inherit a lot of wealth. The chased girls share a room with Ann, but the reason for their killings remains a mystery. The best thing SY has to figure out. All employees of the women's dormitory seem to be hiding something, and some teachers become victims of a murderer in disguise of a red monk's robe, talented enough to strangle the neck of the attackers with a whip. A mysterious man instructed two prisoners to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist who was killed at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a money exchange to create it. This is a clever scheme when the driver Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets convicts (who are hiding in the barrel), who are assisted by a corrupt prison guard. Blindfolded in the mastermind's secret room, he gives them orders about who and how to kill. Disclosing this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John, because it will lead them to the truth they are looking for in relation to the killings and the reasons for which they occur. Under the suspicion are the director of the women's hostel, her author's brother, sweaty, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, milling around a gardener and Bannister. Some of them are red herring until they are disposed of, each time throwing the viewer on a loop until a real mastermind is discovered. The end shows a few turns. <br /> <br /> From the films about “Crimi” that I saw, “COLLEGE GIRL KILLERS” is closest to the beautiful killer, the confusing story, giving a lot of surprises and potential suspects, as well as the dirty machinations between adults and college girls in dorm. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this particular Crimie film with the secret hideout of the mastermind villain with the alligator pit (... which is not used), the fake biblical / water pistol, when it is open, fires gas in the face of scared victims , Royles Royce Greaves, who has latches that make the flaps dim the windows without opening the passenger in the backseat, and the viewing holes used to spy on girls in their rooms and while swimming. Many may consider Sir John to be his duty because of his clumsy, humorous behavior and how often he undermines Higgins’s ability to understand the truth (perhaps making fun of the all-knowing British inspectors who harm the cause more than solve it) I felt he was used in as a comedic relief, especially with his attempts at psychoanalysis of suspected and potential victims, often misunderstanding what he is being told. Higgins, using the skills taken over the years of his work as an investigator, instead follows prompts / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. Able guidance from reliable Alfred Forer, who keeps pace at a pleasant speed, and the script is full of interesting characters and ominous content ... the fact that so many adults around the hostel are suspecting any of them can be alone with the whip or the shots for the killings dead girls. I would say that this may be one of the best (if not the best) examples of the Crimi genre, because it makes you guess, there is always one more ace in the hole ... the revelations unearthed at the very end are quite obvious - the opening (.. and you even get a literal exposure of the real mastermind pulling the strings to complete it all).
