This is perhaps the most dynamic and action-packed German series “Crimi” by Edgar Wallace, a cross between Dr. Mabuse’s films of the past and popular 60s thrillers such as “Batman” and “The Man from UNCLE”. He again represents the outrageous villain from an earlier film, which excites the habit of the stylish monk and breaks the neck of the victims with a deadly whip. Located in a posh women's school filled with depraved middle-aged professors, and with policemen caressing their hot secretaries at every opportunity, this is definitely a return to those wonderfully politically incorrect times. There is a definite connection with a later film based on Wallace, the excellent text “What Happened to Solange?”, Which also concerns the fact that female students are corrupted (and corrupted?) Their elders. In accordance with the theme of the monk, the villain with the wizard's mind uses mined bibles here to inflict several death blows, and also maintains a reptile cave to entertain his captive audience. <br /> <br /> Alfred Forer has always been the most playful and visually vivid of the directors of the series, and here the bright color cinematography is a real star of the series. A monk appears in a crimson scarlet hood and mantle, tastefully shading a shiny white whip, and appears against the backdrop of a purple-night night. There is also a turquoise, voyeur-friendly swimming pool that looks great as a glowing environment for beginner students, and a dark background for one of the murder scenes. The trademark “kicker”, which hides the Ende card somewhere on the set of the last scene, is also very memorable here. And for fans of retro music there is a great brass and fun score. <br /> <br /> Fans of the series definitely lack the frivolous character Eddie Arrent in these later films. Instead, the chief inspector, Sir John, assumes the role of a jester, convinced that he mastered criminal psychology after taking several night courses. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski also took up bigger and better things. By this time, the Crimsons had lost some of their unusual disruptive charm and were now working at a much more glaring level of pop culture, which would make it completely accessible to uninitiated viewers.
