Another Pokémon movie hit the cinema, and again I hear the same old thing: "Pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." The detractors of the franchise could not be more wrong. The children are still playing a card game, watching TV shows, waiting for the Game Boy Advance game and want to watch “Pokemon the 4th Movie”. <br /> <br /> said: “Pokemon The 4th Movie” introduces two more “legendary” Pokemon: Suicune, the “north wind” of knowledge, and Celebi, the keeper of the forest (and the star of the show). Celebi takes himself and a boy named Sam for 40 years into the future, to this day, where Pokemon coach Ash, his loyal Pikachu, and his friends Brock and Misty travel through Johto. Sam and Ash become good friends as soon as they discover each other's mutual love for pokemon (Sam's great poker with a screw cap is a great time). Together they decide to protect Чelebi from the villain of this story, an agent of Team Rocket named Vissi, who is obsessed with capturing Chelebi for his own purposes. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Chelebi from the dark furious furious balls? Where does Suicune fit into the picture? Will Jesse, James, and Meowth have more important roles in this movie than before? And who is Sam really? <br /> <br /> Like in the first three movies, if you go to a movie, deciding that you will automatically hate it, no matter what, just because it’s Pokemon (or just because your child / niece / nephew / younger brother / sister and so on “pulled” you into it), then you will hate it because you decided that you want to hate it. It may be, but blindly scold "Pokemon The 4th Movie" simply because it is a movie about Pokemon, and especially, without seeing it, just silly. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without knowing all the details of the Pokémon world. I'm not saying that you will become a Pokemon fan because of this movie, but you CAN really enjoy it if you allow yourself. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first three Pokémon films, “Pokemon Fourth” Movie "is distributed by Miramax, which I heard is also working on protecting the rights to the 5th Pokemon film, which was released this summer in Japan. Miramax claims that it has some kind of aggressive marketing strategy for Pokemon The 4th Movie, but all I've seen so far is a weak limited release that does not include the usual short pikachu at the beginning, which I was really looking forward to, this time. I hope that Miramax will find it worthwhile to put Pikachu orotkim called "Exciting game Pikachu hide and seek" at least I hope the DVD / VHS, if not the broader issue of «Pokemon The 4th Movie» in the future that the current release -. just the tip of the iceberg for this very interesting film.
