The end of the 30s and the beginning of the 40s became the golden age for adventure films: budget growth during economic recovery, changes in screen entertainment programs since the production code was applied, and the general carefree optimism of the time. While most of them were screaming scammers about the wild, superhuman and often frankly misogynistic feats of heartbeats like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Dean is very different in focus, scale and tone. <br /> <br /> Part Gungi Ding's secret is the division of labor in his team. The original story belongs to Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of Hollywood's most experienced and famous golden age writers. However, the real scenario was the work of Joel Sare and Fred Guyol, both of whom, especially Guillaume, had experience in comedy. What we get from these four is a well-balanced and attractive plot, but at the same time slyly flavored with comical strokes. Most of the adventure films of this time were at least partially comedies, usually with one or two players supporting the comics, but they didn’t use laughter as Gunga Dean does. Here, all the main characters can be objects or creators of jokes. We see the ominous threat of the bad guys, suddenly dissipating as the scene dissolves into a carefree fight. The first main scene of the battle is an unbiased mix of action and jokes, in the style of Douglas Fairbanks Sr., the silent swindlers, something that Flynn and Power machines were largely unable to reproduce. Toward the middle of Gung Dean, the action must take a break, and there are many conversational scenes for the sake of the plot. However continuous raids in comedy ?? such as spike bump routines? make this “slow” part tolerable. <br /> <br /> Producer-director George Stevens was natural when it came to this, he cut himself in the studio of Hal Roach and almost exclusively appeared in a comedy. up to this point. It was his first full-length action, and he copes with his task. In particular, its use of moving pictures in terms of visibility makes the battle scenes very exciting. He also brings what you rarely see in action movies of this era? sense of real fear and fear. He sets it up with those harsh and apprehensive mountains dominating many shots and overshadowing characters. An image of an abandoned village and the cultists of Thuggee shout "Kali!" really haunting. This dimension of fear plays on all the other emotions that work here, making us worry about these cute characters, and makes comedy an even greater relief from tension. <br /> <br /> A real touch of genius in the way the eponymous hero is presented to the audience. We learn about Dean visually, as he is known in many scenes, before any character actually addresses him or verbally addresses him. Because of this, we have the impression that Dean is not an important figure in the regiment, but he is quickly becoming a prominent character for us and, most importantly, sympathetic, as we see how he risks his life and gives water to dying people. <br /> <br /> But all the efforts of writers and directors - all to no avail without skillful composition. Do not worry, because Gung Dean has a first class! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were perfect for the material, since their best roles were usually somewhere in the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grant, particularly at his best, is pretty much believable, but just from time to time penetrating the excessive cry and humiliation that was his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks Jr. does not quite meet the standards of his heavy comrades, but he is by no means bad. And, of course, there is Sam Jaffe, damned by his appearance, to play forever in these wonderful little eccentrics, but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity? I did not set myself the goal of smashing the lousy adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and indeed, many of their paintings are absolute classics, which I absolutely love. But Gunga Dean does what even the best of those pirates could never achieve. He not only does without a dashing male leader or a defiantly challenging girl, but also successfully combines the genre of action film with comedy and wit, as few paintings did before or after. And this is incredible.
