For some time I didn’t know everything that could have been known about this film in my youth, however, the ways of making the film were not what actually caught my attention, which made this film one of the most favorite films even for this very day, which I have ever seen was about Heroism, courage and Honor, which served in Her Majestic Service. This film is not always what it seems, and perhaps it should be, but I cannot say enough to show the courage shown by Sergeant Cutter in defense of Uniforms, which he also sacrificed his life to save from the danger of that kind that they and the detachment threatened the emergence of this group of refugees. <br /> <br /> To be sure, Sergeant, Cutter is the type of person you can give a hint about, and then you observe this unequivocal faith not only in each other, but in her Majesty the Queen Of England. I think he wants money and that this character was great. Reckless brave courageous soldier who did not know fear. I think Grant was excellent in this role, a truly very capable rendering, made irresistible thanks to the uniform he wore. I never felt that Ballantine was shod, in fact there was so much confidence that you could not look closely, because it was still just a picture. What I mean? This picture is still just a movie and is similar to the time when these events occur, and also when In fact the picture was made to look at how everything was done then and what or why there are so many different opinions that this the movie will divert your attention. Both Ballantyne and Machesny are equal in their loyalty to both men from time to time to ensure unwavering courage to work there as men in the service of Her Majesty. These three seem to bear fruit quite well, and I think this is a useful, even pleasant interlude, when Ballantine has a meeting with fate, or so it may only seem to have fate, how would you intervene. Is this believable? I dont know. I think this is very appropriate when the company has escaped from the chains of death in Tantrapur, and they are pulling tails there, approaching the main thing. The gate to the Regimental Post, when Ballantyne allows the other two to find out that he is leaving the service, is getting married and is going to take tea. Machesny says he can sign up for another 9 years. It will make him a man. I like this feeling. <br /> <br /> I don’t think there is any doubt as to what it means to have brave, reliable and courageous soldiers representing your best interests. Where it ends, in fact it may never happen. These interests are so well placed that in this world it is important that I like this picture today just as I might have liked this picture when I was ten years old. I never knew about the veracity of this film until recently, when I went down in history and found information about Cali. Much can be learned, however, as soon as all is said and done in relation to the historical significance of the Goddess Kali, this cinematic picture takes on a quality that I call intellect. This is a very honest attempt to express faith in the fact that an attempt is being made. I think this is a great movie. Directed by George Stevens. <br /> <br /> There are several points that need to be known, but I do not think that all the information will correspond to the story when the journalist Mr. Kipling says that everything can become very emotional, because all the others are characters, but Is this Rudyard Kipling? George Stevens went over the edge to pass the time and time before these events really happened. The information is honest, convincing and it will not only draw you in, but you will need to understand why we love Gung Dean so much. In the distance are the Black Hours, and they are approaching the most dangerous danger and possible defeat, if the detachment cannot be warned. Sgt.Cutter is seriously wounded, and Ballantyne, like Machesny, is being held. Dean, who has a deep wound at the base of his back as a result of a blow of a bayonet deep into his body from behind, depends on the need to warn the Colonel of impending danger. With an effort worthy of our most sincere desires during this period of life, Dean slowly climbs and manages resting on top of the temple tug. The sound of the horns of Gunga Dins allows you to warn the approaching army. A large-scale battle begins, and the enemy is reset. This is so dramatic and tense that when Gunga Dean was lying dead on a pile of stones that his body riddled with bullets now shows, Sergeant Cutter says that the soldier works well. I do not know of any more dramatic moment or where we will know what the victim is, when the detachment is warned of impending danger. <br /> <br /> The end is far from anticlimatic, it’s a story about who Gung Dean is and what he means now. To respected uniformed people for whom he voluntarily donated. Ballantyne knows his heart and asks the colonel to take care of his draft documents, and this makes Machesny very pleased that the colonel honestly puts note papers in his pocket so that they can handle them. possibly at a more appropriate time. In the place where everyone now gathered, the colonel said that we had done enough soldiers for one long day, and then commented how pleased the defense efforts were. Machesney says that he would prefer that from the colonel rather than get a flowering medal. This is a very sober question, and then it comes to Dean. Now here is a person who does not really have a status, so I am going to appoint him as a corporal, and his name will be recorded in the lists of our deserved dead person. The poem I read as if it was written by Kipling himself, who stands at the grave along with the colonel and the rest of the men. Gunga Dean Bravo!
