I would like to give this film 10/10, but in its current state I can only reach 8/10 of the peaks. Editing this movie in postcode format (read: destruction) justifies a 2-point flaw. <br /> <br /> From my very limited knowledge of the history of the movie, the Baby Face was apparently one of two films that finally broke a camel. returned and put into action all the anger and execution of the Production Code in 1934. (I don’t know what the other film was like.) As a result, the film in its original incarnation was never allowed to be republished after 1934. It was split and edited into pieces, and today there is no original version. The best we can see today is the version TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, but it is clearly edited in several scenes and has a really disappointing “happy ending” added to the end. <br /> <br /> Despite all the above, the film is still damn good and very fun to watch. Barbara Stanwick, as always, is absolutely amazing and wonderful. She is so beautiful and powerful; she just owns the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men all her life, starting with her father, who drives her with local Erie, PA steelworkers, and local politicians in exchange for the service “if you don’t close my Speakeasy, I will let you sleep with my daughter . When a father dies in a fiery explosion at the beginning of the film, Stanvik’s smile is priceless. <br /> <br /> After the fire, Stanwick leaves Erie with her maid and heads for New York. She aims at the skyscraper and starts literally making her way to the top. Starting with a personnel officer in the personnel department, she sleeps with him to get an entry level position in a bank. From there, she sleeps with a man for a man for a man (including a very young John Wayne), using each new man to help her get a better paying job on the higher floor of the skyscraper, with more and more powerful male bosses and dads sugar. Stanvik stops at nothing in her climb to the top. It is very nice to see her and her maid in increasingly elegant clothes and apartments when Stanvik climbs the career ladder. Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale manipulative fox in this movie! If you are watching this movie, I recommend stopping when you see George Brent (Cortland Trenholm) die in the hands of Stanvik. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or so! The “happy ending”, filmed for the audience after the “Code”, insults its audience and is irrelevant: the board members sit at the table talking about a million-dollar donation to Mr. and Mrs. Trenholm bank and how they live happily, but poorly in Erie, with former vice president Trenholm, who now works at a steel mill - just like the shots of a steel mill that we saw at the beginning of the film - “The End”. PUH-LEEZE - LIKE LAME! Initially, the film ended with George Brent succeeding in his suicide attempt. I think that the ending fits the overall mood of the film much better than the end of the post-code. <br /> <br /> I certainly hope that the printout of the original version of this film in pre-code will be discovered during my lifetime (update: the original was found and should appear on DVD and / or TCM in 2006! ). Until then, I will enjoy the TCM version and turn it off until the end of lame-o post-Code.
