The melodram of director Alfred Green's “Baby Face” with Barbara Stenvik is considered one of the most notorious films of Pre-Code. These films were shot before the Production Code Administration was able to enforce its rules in 1934. Inspiration writer Jean Markey and Scribe Midnight Mary Catherine Scola wrote a script based on the story of Mark Canfield about the rise and fall of a girl who used her sexual charms to gain wealth and position in society. By the way, Mark Canfield was the pseudonym of producer Daryl F. Zanuka. These films seem to be tame before coding, but they caused a lot of controversy and contained more bright materials than most films until the late 1950s, when the Code began to break down. The filmmakers explore topics: women against men, women against women and women against society. Our crafty protagonist is doing enough false operations so that all the themes are about equal. <br /> <br /> Lily's reckless father Nick Powers (Robert Barrett from "Distant Drums") works with an illegal Speaker bar during the Ban, when the Thirteenth Amendment prohibits liquor, and brews its own drink in a fixed back. Nick is such a disgusting guy that drives her beautiful, but hardworking daughter Lily (Barbara Stanvik from Night Nurse), but Lily refuses to help her father with a sloppy local politician. Politician. Ed Sipple (Arthur Holl from "Private Detective 62") vows revenge on Lily for refusing to accept him. Later, Nick chews his naughty daughter. Lily reproaches him. "Yes, I am a tramp, and who is to blame?" My father, you have succeeded, only men, dirty, rotten men. And you are lower than any of them. ” As soon as she storms, as Nick dies, when he still blows up and kills him. Lily and her African-American maid Chico (Teresa Harris from Arrowsmith) collect their belongings and drive to the first cargo truck leaving the city. <br /> <br /> It’s not before our heroines arrived in New York that Lily uses her beauty to get a job at a bank. Visually, director Green shows Lily's insightful climb up the stairs with camera angles that move up until Lily’s sexuality threatens to destroy the bank. At some point, Lily breaks up the marriage between one bank employee Ned Stevens (Donald Cook from Public Enemy) and his bride Anna Carter (Margaret Lindsay from Cavalcade) after Stevens almost fired her for flirting with her boss Brody (Douglas Dumbril from "His Woman") in the toilet of the worker. Lily is extremely insightful, and she manages to get out of every setback better than before. The Board of Trustees hires Cortland Trenholm (George Bent of Jezebel) to become president of the bank. The first thing Trenholm does is pay Lily, instead of allowing her to write diary entries about the raises in the bank. In addition, Trenholm sends Lily to her branch in Paris, where Lily does not create unrest until Trenholm arrives and they become romantically attached. Lily fights hard for everything she got, and hates throwing it all away, but in the end she sacrifices everything for her husband. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Lily finds herself in the same city as she. started, but Trenholm and she is happy now. “Baby Face” is considered one of the top five Pre-Code films. Look for John Wayne dressed in a suit and tie in one scene.
