Avoiding the life of his father's pimp (... and a silent waitress) who dies from an explosion, Lily Powers (just amazing Barbara Stenvik) wanders through the branches inside the banking business in the big city of Gotham. When the possessive lover kills, who was to become his next father-in-law (and Lily's new lover), the sky is the limit for Lily, as she recorded her various relationships in her diary, and the trick reports that newspapers will get it if a certain payment does not fall into her arms. The newly appointed president of the bank Cortland Trenholm (George Brent) sends Lily to Paris instead of inflating a lot of dough, but soon finds himself madly in love after various meetings with her in the City of Love. This forces Lily to drink from her mouth, because now she will reach the podium of success, seducing a rich and prestigious person who brings her wealth. However, there are circumstances that will force her to make a decision that threatens her successful way of reaching these riches. Trenholm, now her husband, is accused in prison and lost a bank. He needs the money that Lily now has at her disposal, or he will have absolutely nothing. <br /> <br /> Stanvic is a whole movie, despite the fact that it is usually polished at Warner Brothers. Once established in the pre-coding era, directors are given the opportunity to elaborate on taboo topics such as women using sex for success, and how this can lead to tragedy. A good guide from Alfred E Green shows through subtle hints in various manners and speeches through good behavior from the seductive action of Stanvik, how to put something, without actually showing an obvious action. Obviously, the film shows that money is not everything, and all this jazz, like love, penetrates the heart of Lily's dead heart. The fact that Lily had achieved a miraculous transformation into someone in love did not seem true to me. She spent all this time to get to this platform only to fall in love with a man who was essentially no different from the others she used to him.
