The preliminary version of the “Children's Face” of 1933 will be the perfect introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Taught by a Nietzschean professor, Lily Powers rises from a life of easy virtues at the behest of her father to a quick climb up the corporate ladder in a large bank. Since each rung of the ladder is a leader whose brain is behind the belt, and his ethics are locked up in the vault, the film has no victims, except for Lily’s childhood, which was destroyed by the offensive exploitative father. The destructive relationship with her father suggests Lily's ulterior motive to use men to move forward without regard to their fate. Although Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, the men she pursues willingly betray wives and grooms to exchange work for sexual services. Perhaps the bankruptcy of banks in the 1930s was associated not so much with the economy, as with the morally corrupt leaders, distracted by ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves quickly, and the camera funny moves from the window to the window up the facade of the office building as Lily rises higher. Barbara Stanwick enjoyed hard bitten roles, and she is in great shape here. The feeling does not interfere when it is ready to climb the next step. Only her African-American confidant, Chico, gets Lily's affection, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, Theresa Harris' fresh, natural beauty, which plays Chico, made men throw fur and penthouses at her. Stanwyck often seems overly fictional and hard-combed compared to Harris. However, despite Stanvik’s tough behavior, obvious tactics and artificial appearance, she manages to leave a trail of deceived and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbril, Donald Cook and young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The preferred version of the Baby Face is a 76-minute restored cut. The edited release version of the film shyly turns its back on irrefutable facts that it cuts, restores and makes explicit for longer. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under an assumed name, intended to learn a lesson, quoting Nietzsche, whose views on women were contradictory. However, despite the lectures and advice of Alphonse Etier about not being conquered by life, Lily’s seizure for power and money was probably more due to her upbringing and her father than to her professor’s mentor. However, philosophy is just a distraction. The short, fast and interesting “Baby Face” is as modern in its morality as Wall Street. Replace Gordon Gekko with Nietzsche, and Lily could declare her guiding philosophy “greed is good.”
