Is this considered a key Pre-Code movie ?? from the director who later made the musical biographical film "The Jolson Story" (1946), as well as from the paranoid science fiction INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ?? and shows one of the best early roles of Barbara Stenvik. <br /> <br /> She is supported by an excellent cast, which includes popular actors and outstanding characters of the day ?? George Brent, Douglas Dumbril, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at some point referring to Stanvik with a title pseudonym derived from a popular song that constantly sounds everywhere) in the first category, and in the second - Robert Barratt (as father of Stanvik), Donald Cook (as her most tragic conquest), Alphonse Etier (as her elderly mentor, more on that later), Arthur Hol (as a depraved politician) and Henry Kolker (like Boss and Chef )’s law that seduces and Stanwick). It is curious that the scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared appeared were subsequently removed at his own will, when the film had problems with the censors! <br /> <br /> Incited by a crackle, that is, as a rule, hard-boiled dialogue and the realistic sets of Anton Grot, the narrative contains unexpected implications of Nietzschean philosophy that intellectual Etier gives our heroine in a small town (Stanvik complains to him at an early stage that she is not a “fireball”, which, of course, contradicts her later comedy, directed by Howard Hawks and her colleagues). Gary Cooper starring by that name!). Under the patronage of Etier, she quickly turns into an essentially heartless character who decided that nothing should stand in her way to success; Does the symbolic image of her growth in the New York firm, in which she eventually worked, resembles a sardonic one? in connection with the thirst for the power of an ambitious statesman ?? in October of Sergei Eisenstein (1927)! Sociologically, it is also interesting that Stanwick constantly sticks out his neck with his black maid / companion. <br /> <br /> The first two-thirds of the film are just awesome; At first I found the last stages somewhat disappointing ?? because I expected that Stanwick would receive his retribution by falling in love with the belatedly represented character George Brent while he ignored her ??, but like the others, he was soon under her spell! On the second viewing, however, did this aspect feel less sharp ?? because it is obvious that Stanvik was affected by two deaths caused by her selfish behavior, and that her stay in Paris softened her (even if she tries to hold on to her hard-earned wealth as long as possible). /> <br /> Released by Warners on DVD as part of Hollywood’s FORBIDDEN COLLECTION VOLUME 1, the film is presented in two strikingly different editions. the newly unearthed Preview and taming Theater Edition. Among the significant videos cut out of the latter is a dialogue relating to Stanvik’s life as a tramp from the age of 14 (although the accompanying trailer says so!), While many other scenes have been cut (i.e. censored for content): cruel the fistfight that develops between Stanwick and Hol after she resists his successes; seduction at the car; the scene in which Dumbril is surprised by Stanwick Cook; shooting accompanied by suicide (only shots are heard in the shorter version); Stanwyk thinks about his conquests while playing the phonograph (again, only the Brent version appears in the version released for cinemas), etc. Then the latter uses alternative options for some scenes ?? and includes an installation shot of the city, which is not in the longer version; nevertheless, we also get a clearly tied happy ending (the preliminary version ends abruptly on a very effective open note) and an equally flimsy warning letter sent by Ethier to Stanwick in New York, which basically has the function of replacing all references to Nietzsche!
