“Baby Face” is a melodrama with a preliminary code, in which very young Barbara Stenwick, almost unrecognizable by George Brent and Teresa Harris, were shot. It's about a girl who goes to town to do good ... or should I say, make time. Stanvik's father for one reason or another indulged her all his life in a dirty, depressed, dirty Erie, Pennsylvania. After the death of her father, an elderly type of father who knows what she went through and really cares about her future advises her to go to a big city and take advantage of the opportunities - and not easy ones - and go on a life path (Note that I saw a censored version, not an uncircumcised one - this part of the film was remade for the censors.) She and Chico (Harris) go to New York, where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides that the low road is much smoother and takes her where she wants to go much faster. In the most famous movie scene, the camera takes us up the corporate ladder, lifting us from the floor to the floor while Lily is sleeping upstairs. She finally traps the biggest man and can quit her day job. This is followed by trouble, and soon it entails a huge scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanvik does a lot of makeup, and for most of the film, she’s cool, like a cucumber, as she seduces one man after another without regrets, and she’s gorgeous in the game of an innocent victim. In one scene, she sits, looking at the royal ransom in gems, in a black dress that looks like it is decorated with diamonds on top. She then asks Chico about another case, and there are more jewels and securities in him. All during the working day. <br /> <br /> Teresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be embellished or charming, and also was a talented singer and dancer. Here she sings or sings the theme of the film "The Woman of St. Louis" everywhere. She worked literally in dozens of films and is very good here as a friend of Stanvik, her best work in the era of precodes. As a bizarre by-product of the code, blacks were often given less to do in films after it was put into action. <br /> <br /> Films with a preliminary code can be more explicitly sexy and, therefore, more than 70 years old. seem more modern. Despite the fact that these films were not supposed to have moral endings, Baby Face draws lessons - like life after all. There were several endings of this film, all with the same message. What I saw had an added scene, but obviously there were two other endings that were not censored. (There was no code, but there were always censors.) In any case, this is a pleasant surprise. “Children's Face” is an important film in the history of cinema, which must be watched.
