I'm going to consider 2 films in general, because I feel that this is how it should be viewed and watched. When I talk about the "film", I talk about parts 1 and 2, when they are watched one by one, as it should be. <br /> <br /> Thank you, John Anderson, Stephen Soderberg and Benicio Del Toro. <br /> This film is a refreshing, bold, gritty and real film. And this listens to a new style of film making. Without fake drama. No swelling sound track. Not a fake documentary style. Just clean shots and try to stick to the facts. I read Che Guevara: The Revolutionary Life by John Anderson and recently finished Fidel's Autobiography, and this helped me to immerse myself in this film. But I must say that it was precisely the exhaustive, penultimate and remarkable biography of John Anderson that gave this film the correct historical background. Anderson was a consultant for this film (or these two films). What makes this film true is that it is clean. There is no swelling music or slow-motion photography to enhance the drama, and more importantly; not fake documentary shaky cameras. Just square shots and direct shooting style. The type of camera used makes you feel in the jungle. For this, Benicio Del Toro should be commended, I never doubted his role as Che throughout the film ... never. He did a wonderful job, and I will always respect him for that. Some people complain that the film tells only about 2 pieces of his life, and not about the whole. But I think this is one of the most beautiful aspects of this film: it does not try to be everything. He is not trying to "tell a story." A person's life is too multifaceted to try to say it in 2, 4, 8, 16, or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauty of this film, it resists this temptation and remains focused on the intention to let us feel Che, his developing military mind and the forces around him. It focuses on 3 time slices: the battle for the throw of Batista, the speech of Che about the USA and the training of gorillas in Bolivia. The Motorcycle Diaries has already been told to the young man, and I applaud S. Soderbergh for focusing on other aspects. I continue to refer to the book of John Anderson, and the film remains true. The only weak link for me is the casting (and not the performance) of Matt Damon. In the film, filled with believable performances, the American (Matt Damon), playing a Bolivian, is an awkward stretch - he does everything well, but after such thoroughness in the casting it was too much. Small and completely forgiven. The reality that the rest of the cast gives you, and in particular the amazing work of Benicio Del Toro, puts this film in first place on my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film went almost directly to the video says something about how the ethics of the cold war, which would never allow a “revolutionized Cuba” to become what it can be still working, keeping your story quiet. If not because of the secret muffling, then because of the consequences of properly done propaganda, which caused damage to this topic. <br /> <br /> This is a film that you definitely need to watch, and “Che Guevara: the revolutionary life” of John Anderson. the movements of the 40s, 50s and 60s, which exerted unfair pressure on our South American neighbors, and their consequences this contributed.
