Perhaps the most brilliant thing about Che: Part Two, since we are beginning to integrate it with Part One in our minds, is that there is no explanation why Che decided to confidentially hide from Cuba after the revolution, no hint of his experience in Congo Without explaining why he chose Bolivia as his subsequent condition for a coup, there is no mention of the political decisions that he made when riding a motorcycle in South America, with whom Walter Salles is well acquainted. Extremely great attention is paid to meeting Che with volunteers who accompany his partisan detachments. And yet, hardly any efforts are made to distinguish them as individuals, to improve the relations involved. He is reasonably unreasonable. Che is guided by an unbreakable doctrine, so as not to leave the wounded. But there is no feeling that he is deeply connected with his people. This is a concept. <br /> <br /> In part 1 in Cuba, insurgents are welcomed by villagers who are given food and shelter, and they receive support during a revolutionary victory. Here in Bolivia, not much understanding. Villagers expose it. They protect government troops, not his own. When he explains the one-sidedness of the state medical system, his audience seems disinterested. You cannot bring people to revolution if they do not want to obey. Soderberberg shows US military advisers working with Bolivians, but does not blame the United States for Che's collapse. It seems that Che just distorted his fight and the place where he wanted to get it. <br /> <br /> In a demonstration of both wars, Soderberg does not construct his battle scenes as actions with concrete results. Che people are attacking and attacked. They fire long-range attackers. As a rule, in the last battle, the group receives a reduction, the death toll does not stop. This is not a war movie. This is a reasonably unfounded desire of one person to endure. There is no complicated cinematography. Soderbergh firmly looks at Che's inflexible loyalty. There are wonderful sporadic intuitive shots, but, being few, they are all the more powerful, like Che's shot at POV during his last strokes. In the abundance of the area where these people live for weeks, and the all-consuming effect is weakness, Guevara has malaria for some time. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the producers of the film, gives a champion performance, not least because it is modest. He is not depicted as a cutting edge, like most epic heroes. In Cuba, it occurs in conquest, in Bolivia it falls on the opposite side, and sometimes it is really difficult to distinguish it by the confusion of beard and hair. Del Toro illustrates not so much an identity as a relationship. You might think that the movie is too long. I think there is a real reason for its breadth. The affairs of Guevara in Cuba and, in particular, in Bolivia were not a sequence of episodes and sketches, but an obligation to retain power, which can actually be called insane. After all, Che as a whole or in parts is a commercially dull film, the film of which begins with an understanding of the boundaries inherent in the cinematographic biography, and gradually works towards these ends.
