Part II, or previously known as GUERILLA, is also a great achievement, but not as exciting as PART I, because it is here that we begin to observe what could have caused Che Guevara to fall and die. Once again, I am impressed with the causal link of both parts in their interrelated stories. We are reminded again and again that the protagonist Che Guevara is an Argentinian. Some people in Fidel’s army chose not to receive orders from a foreigner, and now that Che decided to leave the comfort of victory in order to continue the revolution in Bolivia, he does not receive much respect from his new army and local residents just because he is a foreigner. <br /> <br /> With regard to technology, I think that Part II would be more useful if, before everything else, immediately after displaying the map, some of the main points from the previous issue would be shown only to refresh the memory about his heroes and what he does, so that viewers understand why his methods were successful in Cuba, but they do not work in Bolivia. Now in this segment it is clear that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he is dealing with a group of soldiers whose hearts are not completely in it. They say that the ingredient for a revolutionary is love ... well, they don't give a damn about their country, so it's hard to sell. Che is painfully painful and difficult to get others to buy his eyesight. <br /> <br /> I like one particular scene that illustrates Che’s deteriorating state, a scene in which his horse will not move, no matter how hard Che tries to direct it, and then his character takes precedence over him and for a moment he forgets that he is a doctor, and he becomes this desperate soldier who stabs his own horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to be led. But at the same time, the film delays, it relies on small cameos from familiar faces, which you learn just for the sake of brief entertainment, and for the most part, you get left and right bumps one obstacle after another, but perhaps this is part II’s intention, if so ... then it definitely works. Constant applause to the cinema, which gives us a first-person view at the moment of Che's last breath. This film may not answer questions about why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined that he could cope with it, even when the odds were against him, and why he deeply wants South America to suffer the same fate, like Cuba, but the movie CHE is a story worth telling.
