It amazes me that I really had the courage to watch a biopic or the films "Che: Parts 1 and 2". What for? Because if my Cuban parents in exile would ever know that I had seen this film about this disgusting mass murderer of the Cuban revolution, I would have been grounded for life. Hey wait? I am an adult, they can not ground me without a mas. Directed by Stephen Soderberg and newcomer Kommi (sorry, Stephen, but I had to shoot Soder here) divide the film into two parts about the revolutionary life of Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara. “Che: Part 1” represents how Che joined the guerrilla team of Fidel Castro in the mid-1950s in their revolutionary quest to overthrow the regime of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista; which, as we all know, was a revolutionary success for them, but a huge partisan catastrophe for many Cubans, since they rebelled in communism. Che: Part 2 presents Che trying to revolutionize the T-shirt industry by offering T-shirts with his horrible bear face to T-shirt makers. Okay, I chat a lot about your path! I wanted to say that “Che: Part 2” focuses on Che in the late 60s, trying to bring the revolution back, this time to poor Bolivia, but with completely different results. In fact, Che was an enceladus of dead meat. when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderberberg does not include the intermediate time of these two cases in Che’s life when he commanded the abominable prison of La Cabana fortress in Cuba, where he massively killed many Cubans who opposed communism atrocious was guevara in fact. I decided to see Che in the hope that Soderbergh would not enchant him, but instead imagine how worried he really was. Unfortunately, Soderberg did not make the latter and sadly decided to present Guevara as a hero of the revolution, which he was not. He was a sick man, who, thank God, is now probably at the bottom of the diabolical barrel. Now I have to be an objectivist. Re Spectator and I must admit that the performance of Benicio Del Toro in the role of Che was extremely commanding and meritorious. And that Demian Bichir was the pursuit corpse of Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance. But the rest of the cast of "Che" consisted mainly of mediocre performances by actors depicting partisan soldiers. And just as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodeberg throw him into a revolutionary mix in a Spanish-speaking episodic film with a Bolivian delegate? Soderberberg should not have presented this biopic, which is basically “too much talk and not enough action” in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We already had too much Che, even posthumously with these ridiculous T-shirts, so why do we need too much of it? But I think when you have Del Toro by the horns (as you did here, Stephen), I think this is your saving grace for not completing “Che: Parts 1 and 2”. *** Average
