I came to see Partizan, the second part of Stephen Soderbergh's biopic about Che Guevara, without seeing the previous film and not getting more than a cursory knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was rather afraid that this would be a difficult history lesson and an unrepentant love letter to a cult revolutionary. As it turned out, this film far exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerrilla film works wonderfully as an independent film. The story of Che's unsuccessful attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia, then under military rule, is an irresistible tragedy. The initial impulse caused by the arrival of Che incognito to lead the guerrilla war is lost, since misfortune follows misfortune. Chances add up against revolutionaries. US support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspicious locals and Che's poor health are just some of the difficulties that surround the nascent uprising. <br /> <br /> Che Söderberg’s image is largely uncritical, but this film does not have a hagiography. The style is refreshingly inextricable, with a subtle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias adding quiet drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the film, but there are very few close-ups on his face, and we are glad to see people fighting alongside him and sometimes against him too. Where Soderbergh wants to demonstrate Che's virtues, we see this in small episodes, such as a loyal assistant, who reproaches two partisans when they question Che's leadership, and underlines the sacrifice he made, leaving Cuba to fight for the revolution again . <Br /> <br /> Direction everywhere excellent. The second part seems to be edited, despite its narrow focus, and is able to communicate a lot using images without the need for the narrator to tell the audience about it. At the beginning of the film, we see some short clips of lavish parties in post-revolutionary Cuba, which immediately give us ideas about why Che will sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the image of the partisans, marching through the endless tropical forests, stands out as a strikingly beautiful scene and helps create a sense of the enormity of the task in front of this tiny gang of revolutionaries. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the film - this is the distance between the viewer and Che, which, although it allows us to assess the context of the insurgency and the people around him, prevents us from better understanding it as a person. However, Benicio Del Toro is absolutely convincing in the title role ?? so much so that it is difficult to remember that you are watching the actor, and not the person himself. Nevertheless, viewing “Guerrilla” as a separate film means that we have very little understanding of what forms Che's thoughts, words and actions. It is hoped that this is more to the fore in the first part of the Soderberg biopic (I cannot comment on it yet), and, of course, the strength of the second part makes me look forward to seeing the prequel.
