Last night I was sitting in both parts of Che, back to back with a short break in the bathroom, and I cannot remember when the last 4 hours had flown so quickly. I had to come to my senses for the week ahead, because I have a real “thing” about directors, producers and editors who constantly mutate over a long quasi-epic epic, and I feel that in general, 2 to 2.5 hours is almost suitable for the movie. So 4 hours seemed to go beyond my tolerance, and I was very doubtful about the whole enterprise. But I will say in advance that it is beautiful ?? Could I say with love ?? made the film and I am very pleased that I saw its Director Stephen Soderbergh should be congratulated with the clarity of his vision. The battle scenes look like you dodge bullets. <br /> <br /> If there is a person on the planet who doesn't know, Ernesto Che Guevara was an Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro to overthrow Fulgencio. Batista through the 1959 Cuban Revolution. When I was a child in the 1960s, Che’s image was everywhere; on posters on the bedroom, on T-shirts, on the covers of magazines. Image Che should be one of the most exploited in history. If you rely on famous images, Che was a very good-looking guy, the embodiment of revolutionary romanticism. If he were ugly, would I have to wonder if he would ever be so popular in the public imagination? Of course, death helps the young. <br /> <br /> Earlier, Che was filmed about Che (in particular, the splendid “Motorcycle Diaries” of 2004, in which the unbearably sweet Gael Garcia Bernal starred as a young Che, traveling around South America and seeing endemic poverty, formed his Marxist policy), but I don’t think that anyone has ever been involved in the whole story from beginning to end, and this bilateral project is ambitious. I hope it will pay off for Soderberg, but I can only assume that instant commercial success might not have been central to his mind. <br /> <br /> In the first film (“The Agent”), Che meets Castro in Mexico and follows their journey. to Cuba to start a revolution, and then travel to New York in 1964 for a UN decision. Competently shot black and white images look like modern films, but they are not. The second film (“Partisan”) is resumed in 1966, when Che arrives in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second film takes place almost entirely in the forest. As far as I understand, he was filmed mostly in Spain, but I can still believe that this must have been quite exhausting for the film. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, the role he seems to have been born to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt that the Argentine (that is, part one) was much easier to watch and more “interesting” in a strictly film. sense because it is optimistic. They win; The revolution will succeed. Che, in his element, heads a scattered group of peasants, workers and intellectuals in a revolutionary cause. The second part is much more difficult to watch due to the inevitability of his defeat. In much the same way as the recent Valkyrie - being a good film - was an exercise testifying to a heroic failure, so I felt the same in the second part of Che (Partizan). We know from the very beginning that he is dying, we know that he is failing. This is frustrating because, as the story is told, it’s pretty early to see that fomenting a revolution in Bolivia is doomed; Che is considered a foreign intruder and cannot communicate with indigenous peoples as he did with Cubans. He stubbornly insists on what to get upset because I felt that he should have known when to give up and move on to other, possibly more successful, enterprises. The film does not romanticize him too much. He kills people, he executes, he fights his asthma and pursues a hopeless cause, after he had to give up and leave, he left his wife alone to raise five fatherless children. <br /> <br /> But in general, an excellent exercise in the classic film industry. One entry; when I watched as trained American Bolivian soldiers move en masse to select Che and his small group of warriors, one by one, it reminded me of Butch Cassidy's final. I almost turned to my husband and said so, but hesitated, thinking that he would find such thoughts trivial and inappropriate. When we left the theater, he turned to me and said: “Don't you think that the end was like Butch Cassidy ????????????!”
