A lot of reviews that I read show that most people like the first part better than the second. I feel exactly the opposite. The first part played a little with attempts to find different ways to show the personality of Che Guevara through different types of film production, different places, as well as transfer the time between the interview and the Cuban revolution. For the most part it was well structured, but somewhat distracting. In the second part, Che enters Bolivia, and along with a change in geographic location, the rules and structure change. Passed those spatial leaps and shifts between stocks, “documentary realism” and treatises. Instead, now we literally fell into Che's trap in an unsaturated, deserted landscape, where the only people who exist are too burdened with their lives for anything but survival to be an option. I believe that it is precisely the dark turn of Che's life that is the real reason why most people prefer the first part of the second part. <br /> <br /> The change in geographic location also means, at least for me, that Che: Part One and Che: Part Two is, in fact, the second two acts of the structure of the three actions initiated by the Motorcycle Diaries. Motorcyclists diaries are Che's majority (or, more precisely, ideals) in Argentina, Che: Part one is his military leadership in Cuba, and Che: Part Two is his fall in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (we lack his experience in Guatemala and, more importantly, in my opinion, his executions after the Cuban revolution), but they give a very detailed study of the contradictory aspects of his character and character as a world symbol He symbolizes and idealism, and the need for armed resistance to oppression, and revolutionary failures in the third world countries after World War II, and their obstruction by such activities as the intervention of the CIA. <br /> <br /> But again, all this is projected on the screen in this case, not through long scenes of dialogue and speech, but through a much more intimate, suffering image of Che at the end of his thread and his life. Again, the rules have changed, and in this case it is difficult to say whether there was any chance of success at all. The number of times a camera shows people literally trapped between a stone and an anvil and unsaturated, shaky long shots involve the audience in a story about people imprisoned in a hostile landscape, in an existential hell where revolutionary beliefs ultimately end up Despair of hunting for people who died of hunger. Watching a movie is not easy, but very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
