Following directly from the place where the story stopped in the first part, the second half, which tells about the inevitable fall and the much darker side of human heritage, is exactly that. In contrast to the first sign, the second part represents the transition from Che to the pride and glory of a revolutionized country to a fighting liberator of a country with which he has no previous connections. A change of scenery is not only aesthetic; from the autumn and spring grayness of the forest, there is a change in tone and heart to this peculiarity, replacing the optimism of its predecessor with a cynical, battered and battered reality, consistent with the whole new struggle. Nevertheless, as Che himself would say, it is best to say that such a fight is exactly how this fight is. While the first part certainly helped to document the initial rush to power that the revolutionary partisans acquired by this, the second part takes a much more refined, callous and gloomy segment of Che’s life and ambitions, and gives him an energetic image that is acute and tragic in a tangible, easy-to-understand manner. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the tone of the film deviates in some respects and rather drastically differs from the first part, nevertheless, the same documented approach adopted a month ago that avoids melodrama still remains. and making as much as possible. This somewhat distant, cold approach to telling Che's story and struggle will undoubtedly distract some viewers; in fact, I still have doubts as to whether the feature itself should be named after one person, if anything at all, the whole of Che, taken as a whole, presents a story that goes beyond simple biography and documents instead man's struggle with him. those who helped carry it along the way. Soderbergh is in no way trying to draw a humanistic portrait here, akin to what Hirschbiegel did to Der Untergang half a century ago (sorry for the ironic contrast); Che is a slow, reserved and meditative approach to the story about the lesson of history, which, as it turned out, is told by one person, who probably spent all this. <br /> <br /> Still, moving away from Cuba’s lush green landscapes and retreating to Bolivia’s dreary, fading background for Part Two, the story inevitably takes on a distinctly contrasting tone that doesn’t seem too detached from its predecessor, but does enough to give her your own reference points. It reflects the basic structure of Part One - the initial struggle, the battles, the fallen comrades and the recruitment of those who replace them, all the time we see some glimpses of the person behind the movement. However, as is known to anyone who has a vague idea of ​​the real story behind this function, Part Two is doomed to end with a much more overwhelming and disturbing note. This difference, in combination with the similarity with the first part, is an irresistible and memorable whole; by all means, both could be digested in their own way (and thank Soderberg for achievements in this capacity) and enjoy them as they are, but, taking for one statement, Che gives exactly what he intends to achieve. <br /> <br /> In fact, everything that made Part One a delicacy that was a month earlier is still evident here: from subtle but exciting performances from the central cast to the slow, realistically structured fighting scenes — drama, intrinsic to the characters on the screen is just as vague and indistinguishable, but with a function like this, the second part proves once again that avoiding such elements will not necessarily hurt the film when there is enough plot and reflection on other elements to keep the viewer involved. In fact, after writing this review, I had a disagreement about whether to simply add a paragraph or two to my initial review for Part One and give a title to the review as a whole, but I felt that this would only contribute to the frustration of those who can sit down to watch both films in a row. <br /> <br /> With that said, I cannot rightly decide whether Che will stand up to attracting the audience to stretch it for four hours plus during runtime, but when I look at both segments, I can at least confirm the ability of each parts do exactly that. With a reflexive, confusing scenario, combined with endlessly fascinating photographs and nuances of performances that pay tribute to the heroes of the film, without attracting attention to him, Che The second part is as compelling and useful as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic, but sublime , Confirmation of the conclusion, suitable for pages of film history. <br /> <br /> - Jamie Robert Ward Review (http://www.invocus.net)
