Part Two begins ... not where the last movie stopped. As part of the quasi-conventionality of Stephen Soderbergh’s epic four-hour event, two Che stories are told as the classic Rise and Fall scenarios. In the second part of Che Guevara, leaving his post as a bureaucrat in Cuba and after an unsuccessful attempt in the Congo (mentioned only in passing in the film), goes to Bolivia to try to start another jungle revolution, Everything is not as good as planned, , because of Che's notorious status as a communist and revolutionary, and partly because of the participation of America on the side of the Bolivian government, and, of course, because Castro was not "Actually, this is a backup copy for Che. <br /> <br /> Che's second part is sadder, but in some respects It’s wiser than the first. It makes sense because Guevara must tolerate low morale from his people, betrayal from those around him, the constant mistakes of grunts and nearby peasants and, ultimately, because of the greater military power that accommodates them. so this is what Guevara does not give up in spite of everything. You can see it as an incredible force or a fatal flaw - maybe both - but it’s also clear how to start to see Che, if not quite more fully rounded, something like something more sympathetic. True, he really killed, executed and felt justified to the end. And yet it begins to work for the viewer in the sense of the original level of pity; The sequence in which Guevara’s health deteriorates without drugs, leading to a shocking horse stroke, is noted as one of the most memorable and enjoyable of all the films of this year. <br /> <br /> Again, the Soderberg narrative team is strong if, sometimes, a little sluggish (understandably because of the long working time), and one or two scenes just seem completely strange (Matt Damon?), but these are minor commitments . If we talk about the direct approach to color cameras, it is almost like a military picture in the style of the militia, told with great care about the people in the group, and also about Guevara as the lord over this group, and how things are reduced to the final scene. And, as always, Del Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, in every measure, knowing this guy so well - for the better and for the worse - that he comes as close as possible to his incarnation. In general, the two parts of Che make up an impressive package: the story is like a drama in a convincing style, useful to the audience, even if they do not know Che, or, even better, if they don’t highly value it. This is special. 8.5 / 10
