Ironically, the most popular American film at the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The controversy of the long film began at the Cannes Film Festival. There were notices of love and hate, as well as significant doubts about commercial prospects. As a consolation, star Benicio Del Toro received an award for the best male role there. I'm talking about Stephen Soderbergh's “Che,” of course. That is the name of this version in this version, shown in New York and Cannes in more than two hours of segments without initial and final captions. “Che” is certainly appropriate, since Ernesto “Che” Guevara is present in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive, penetrating securely through thick and thin times from the days of the glorious victory in the first part to months of humiliating defeat in the second part, attractive and handsome in all its various manifestations, even disguised as a bald gray-haired man to penetrate into Bolivia. ; I wish he had the best settings. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit out more than four hours with a break between two sections, there are rewards. There is a genuine feeling everywhere - fortunately, Soderberg decided to make a film in Spanish (although some actors, oddly enough, especially in the English segments, are wooden). You will get a good idea of ​​what the guerrilla war was like, Che's style: teaching, campesino recruitment, morality, discipline, difficulty and fighting, as well as Che's gradual transition from a company doctor to a full winged military leader. Using the new 9-pound, 35-mm high-quality RED camera Digital High Performance Cine Camera, which became available at the time of the shooting, allowed the DP Peter Andrews and his team to create images that are slightly cold, but at times still sing, and always sharp and smooth. <br /> <br /> The film consists of two parts - Soderberg calls them two "films", and it is planned to release them on a commercial basis as such. The first is “Argentine”, depicting Che's leadership in the jungle and urban battles that led to the fall of Havana in the late 50s, and the second - “Guerrilla”, and he touches Che’s failed attempt almost a decade later in Bolivia to lead a revolution, fruitful the mission that led to the capture and execution of Guevara in 1967. The second part was supposed to be an original film and was written first and, I think, shot first. Producer Laura Bickford says that the second part is more of a thriller, and the first part is an action movie with big battle scenes. Yes, but both parts have much in common — too much — since both of them spend most of their time following the partisans through difficult terrain. Partizan is a ruthless fighter, since the uprising in Bolivia was doomed from the very beginning. The group of Cubans who tried to lead it did not receive a friendly reception from the Bolivian Campesino, who were suspected of foreigners and considered the Cuban Communists to be godless rapists. There is a third part, a kind of festive black and white interval, compiled from Che's speech to the United Nations in 1964 and conversations with him at that time, but this is interrupted in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and is much more optimistic, which leads to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the fall of the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During the “Guerrilla War” I continued to think about how it really could work as a quality European-style mini-series that could start with an abbreviated version of Walter Salles’s Motorcycle Diaries and further lead us to the fateful meeting of Guevara with Fidel in Mexico and the reception in the 26th July Movement. There could be much more about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions. This is far from a complete picture of a man, his children's interest in chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, the books he wrote; even his international fame is only affected. What about his harsh, cruel side? In fact, Soderbergh is most interested not in Che, but in revolution and guerrilla warfare. The indelible impression that a vacation of more than 4 hours is that they roam the forest and jungle with wounded and sick men and women and an idealistic devotion to the termination of the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned that he was reminded by Terrence Malik's “Tin Red Line,” and yes, a tortuous, episodic combat approach is similar; but in the “Thin Red Line” there are stronger characters (except for Che, hardly anyone appears with such force), and this is a really good movie. This is an impressive but unfinished and ill-fated effort. <br /> <br /> This 8-year labor of love, carefully studied (how much more of the Ocean should pay for it?) is a vanity project that is too long for an ordinary theatrical release and too short for a mini-series. A radical editing — or a serious expansion — would make it something more successful, and since it is a long drink, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> It is clear that this disturbance could have been cut down, although it is not very clear what form the resulting film would have taken — but with a bit of luck it could be pretty good.
