Carefully omitting everything: from the coup in Cuba to his secret entry into Bolivia, in the second part of Soderbergh, the figure of Che Guevara depicts a tragic hero. How about ?? Part one, this rather incoherent guerrilla warfare across the colorful mountains of Bolivia is probably doomed to disappoint more people than it satisfies, so why was the film (and especially Benicio Del Toro's performance) so loudly praised in Cannes? <br /> <br /> James Rocky, for example, called it a work of art, which is “not just a revolutionary story”, but “a revolution in itself.” Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian called it an “erroneous masterpiece.” Will I return to my original statement for the first part ?? that value lies, in particular, in the depiction of the hero's figure. And in an era when there are many role models for poor heroes, wouldn't it be beneficial to see a highly noble person, even if he is deprived of some of the less attractive episodes of his life? This is a psychological hero, enshrined by the great Scottish essayist Thomas Carlyle in his original book Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in between). But we must sincerely inspire us to higher goals, higher goals. Compare this with the unrealistic “heroes” of the standard western narrative: where does a person go through trials and tribulations before receiving a hardly plausible reward ?? usually eternal love or material wealth ?? as if thanks to the divine intervention of the studio. Real heroes have an excess of moral courage ?? not the Lost Ark of the Devil or the super toys of James Bond. They rise and enable others to grow in order to be the best they can be. In the first part, Che succeeds. In the second part, he fails. This is not due to a lack of moral courage, but since a) not all good plans can be successful and b) be people, mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> Guevara's intellectual clarity is imperfect when he equates conditions justifying an armed struggle with the conditions that make this armed struggle a success. This is a serious miscalculation. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains from La Paz the colors are breathtaking. In Che - Part One (from time to time the United States does not allow Soderberg to act in Cuba.) One gets the impression of miserable authenticity, authenticity, which is lacking. Red cameras. This is a high-performance digital movie camera with 35mm film quality and the convenience of extremely digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs only 9 pounds. “Shooting from RED is like hearing the Beatles for the first time,” says Soderberg. "RED sees what I see ... so organic, so beautifully tuned to this most natural of phenomena — light." If Che had stopped the successful Cuban revolution, he would have enveloped him with an almost mystical invincibility. The fact that he failed in Bolivia shows not only that he has human limitations, but that his moral virtues are remembered, and not his political triumph. Critics will say ?? and with some justification - that his armed struggle inspired far less noble characters to achieve cruel dictatorships. His development of guerrilla tactics is not good or bad in and of itself (and has since been used for both). <br /> <br /> But for all his credit, the film often lacks dramatic and narrative tension. We stumble from one exit to another, knowing that in the end he will meet his death. I found myself looking at my watch and I think that it could be shorter. But the work that went into it ?? interviews with people from all sides and even getting one of Guevara’s former comrades to train actors on the trivia of Bolivian operations ?? make the film a meritorious achievement. This may not be the most important entertainment, but it demonstrates integrity in documenting a significant piece of history. <br /> <br /> There is one more very important moment in the Che figure of the “hero”. This is about failure. That if you do your best, even if you fail, your efforts will not be in vain, because it can give others hope and moral courage. You can cynically call it a “martyr” complex, and, of course, it can be found in many religious figures. But Che does not “sacrifice” himself. He does what he does best, to the best of his discreet abilities, and therefore gives an example. Success or failure in any particular case becomes just details. <br /> <br /> Given the long-standing and illegal blockade of the US of Cuba (all in the name of "freedom"), I feel like writing that Che Parts 1 & 2 are too good to waste on the United States. But that would be an argument for the dispute, which the film tried so hard to avoid. Hopefully, many viewers will have the ability to look at Che without politics and bias, which inevitably generates. Whatever his flaws, he rehabilitates Soderberg from the populist nonsense of the World Ocean 11. <br /> <br /> But if you have not heard of Che Guevara, you have not seen foaming in the mouth, I could hardly imagine what you would get from this movie. The same can be said about many who have and can.
