Now, admittedly, I'm not a hot student of the genre. In fact, I have always tried to shy away from westerns, because, despite their critical essence, as the primary stories of America (or something like that), it seems to me that they always turn into tiresome repetitions of one or another “explosion” Indians, "big shootout" or "Hey, let's create a squad!" In other words, it always seemed to me a genre that was so ingrained and attached to conventions that it left very little room for surprise or originality. (And yes, I have seen at least some of the so-called "great people", and inappropriately mixed them with this negative assessment — including the stage, Rio Bravo, my dear Clementina, and, of course, notorious (but very boring by Clint Eastwood. -Sergio Leone in the 60s.) <br /> <br /> But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of Jimmy Stewart's memorable weekend after his death - I finally GOT IT: I understood, at least in theory, that Western myths can offer as a serious thematic concern (besides all second only action and thrills). This is the push between lawlessness and order; The American West represented freedom, as well as the prospect of wildlife, indomitable. Respectable people may suffer there. Which, of course, meant that perhaps it simply might not have been intended for respectable people, and that the only inhabitants should be immoral and fleeing, those who strictly sent justice from the barrel of their revolvers, and where they would be killed or killed. either the law of the country. In such an environment, of course, the real heroes are those who are vicious and free in spirit to be there first (and therefore reject "society", at least as it appears on the east coast), and yet there is enough of a sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is simply NOT CORRECT. To catch and investigate this inequality between law and disorder in the most important character, I believe (after watching this film), is the highest and true goal of any West. Unfortunately, this is not so often, because the white hats are completely white, the black hats are completely black (and let's not even talk about the Indians, well), and between them there are precious little shades of gray. /> <br /> Not in this. Jimmy Stewart plays a crying fortune hunter who follows the miners in front of him into the Alaskan wilderness for gold. He is joined by his lifelong friend, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps a Western cliché character, to end them all - but nevertheless it’s nice here, as always) - and no one else. Oddly enough, they are for themselves, and although Stewart shows off his patented charm (come on, we can never really dislike this guy, can we?), We have little doubt that he is mostly self-centered , selfish interested character: none of his "Gosh" or "Oh, hell" humanism can not pass. Or rather, it should be EARNED by the end of the picture, as I described above. He must resist lawlessness in himself and compare it with the need for order and justice, which are so clearly lacking in the border town, which serves as the starting point of the miners on their trail of golden sand. In this city, his evil sheriff, Mr. Gannon, whom John McIntir played in one of the best performances of the “bad guy” I have ever seen, rules hard. He has so much charm and humor, and he has such a relaxed and interesting relationship with Stewart that it actually takes some time to realize that he * is a bad guy - so that when he finally sinks, he does it with double power. In addition, by establishing the type of fresh (if necessarily protected) camaraderie between McIntyre and Stewart, the film reinforces the idea of ​​how close temperament they really are - and how far the moral distance must be for Stewart to end the film. <br /> <br /> I will not go through all the plot twists - see for yourself (as well as the rugged and magnificent landscapes of Alaska), shot on the spot, notice the not cheap drawn pictures that came up in the studio). The key point here is how much the story focuses on the character, and the excellent dialogue and interaction with the character replaces most of the time with a shootout - although there is enough action and adventure in the film so that it is never static (read: "talkative"). Of course, one of the greatest performances that I saw at Stewart shows that he can play a renegade, a “man,” as convincingly as a decent and decent guy next door. In any case, in fact, his “ordinary” qualities give greater strength to his characteristics, making him seem less mythical or bloated - like, say, Eastwood or John Wayne - and a more three-dimensional character. His relationship with Brennan is well played: understated, but, nevertheless, touching (with a weak proposal of George and Lenny from Mice and Men - a completely different type of “western”). <br /> <br /> I certainly have more westerns to see, but this is still my favorite, and a criterion by which I will definitely judge everyone else. It deserves to be much more famous and valuable than it is.
