I think that from the creators of the film, which brought us the "Penguin March", there were many expectations from "Fox and Child". From the harsh winters of the South Pole to lush wildlife in France, the narrative is now becoming partly documentary and partly fabulous, depicting the friendship between the two title characters, Renard the fox, and his friendship with the child who baptized him, performed by Bertil Noel-Bjunot. <br /> <br /> Frankly speaking, the story is quite simple, and sometimes this film would look like many Japanese films in which children-different animals make friendship after developing trust, and how they walk around each other, communicating with their respective opponents and the like. Here, the child meets a graceful fox near his home in the mountains, which gives many wonderful beautiful pictures with postcards that a cinematographer must use to speed up to capture. <br /> <br /> But as long as we indulge in pensive landscapes, the characters cannot establish such a level of trust from the very beginning, and we have to wait for several past seasons and 45 minutes before the film begins before they find a level in the food. The child is aggressively trying to tie the bonds in order to tame the creature for his own pleasure, but the fox, well, like other concepts, of course. While I thought the story was rather weak, unlike the Penguin March, in which the human story interprets what is happening on the screen, the documentary elements of the film are distinguished, in which the life and times of the fox are traced as a predator and a prey. <br /> <br /> There was more tension and drama between them, especially when dealing with traditional enemies, such as wolves, and, of course, these sequences were quite intense, especially when the child was dragged into it. Otherwise, it was just swimming and rather boring, since they both played with each other in frames that, as you know, have undergone some kind of magical editing of the film. The film had surprisingly dark moments that were not entirely suitable for children, because those who were in the same room witnessed this, suddenly shouting their eyes, so parents may want to take note and not allow the kid to bother the child. The rest of the movie viewers. <br /> <br /> Like a film, I would prefer it to be a complete documentary “The Penguins March”, but I think how offended it might have been to warn us not to interfere with nature, and that some things are simply not intended, and must remain so. A decent film that relied on the power of chemistry between Bertil Noel-Bruno and the numerous foxes that played Renard.
