“FOX AND CHILD” is the last film by French director MARCH PENGWEEN, Luc Jacquet. The film, in which only one person is shot, the young actress Bertil Noel-Bruno, tells about the rather rare, though seemingly plausible, relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Part- a documentary about nature and partly a fairy tale, the film is dedicated to the child L'Infant, who one day on his way to school faces a wild fox trail in a picturesque setting, perhaps in France, although the exact location is never is mentioned. Over the next weeks, the child again visits the place where she found her fox, hoping that one day she will see the fox, which she begins to call Lily, again. And so it goes. Days turn into weeks, and then summer disappears, turning into autumn, and then into winter, offering excellent cinematography of a fast-moving white winter landscape. In the end, spring comes again, and the little child finds its fox, and really makes friends with the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I hardly expected anything from FOX AND CHILD. I saw The Penguin Procession and was just in awe of how the movie was made. Luke Jacquet is an extremely talented and truly rare film director, and I expected great, breathtaking cinematography, stunning vistas and brilliant shots of wildlife. It was delivered in peaks. But here Jacquet has merit in writing the screen, and, not knowing anything about the film before the show, I was expecting something a bit different from what I had previously seen in “March”. Fictional story. <br /> <br /> Child and fox And the story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely child lives in a home in the middle of nowhere and goes to school, apparently independently, every day, seemingly without care in a seemingly perfect world. Without a hint of an adult in sight. Brilliant. So she makes friends with a fox. <br /> <br /> With this film, you must reject your own opinion about the film and put yourself in the place of your target audience. This is a film that focuses on children of six years and older. Or families who want to go to the cinema with their breed one wet Sunday afternoon. Not a 31-year-old man who gets his punches from movies such as recent, brilliant WANTED and the like. But I, being a newcomer to the London critic, put myself in the place of an agitated eight-year-old girl for about 95 minutes of "FOX AND CHILD". Now I have a few problems with this movie. Being a 31-year-old boyfriend and lover of everything cinematic, I loved wildlife and landscape photography. This is visually amazing. The direction of the animal characters is brilliantly executed - as well as you will find Attenborough in any of the efforts. As an impressionable, short attention spanning eight years, I loved the first half hour, and then lost interest. This is a little repeated and in places quite painful and bloody scary for a younger child, especially a rather dark ending. Like a 31 year old man - I was a little scared of places. Wuss <br /> <br /> So this is not a children's film. This is not a fully grown film, and I felt a little disappointed. This is a good family movie. It depends. It can be educational, and the film carries the message. This is definitely not a movie, I would pay a hard-earned green to go see it, and I break my head to try recommending it to a certain type of moviegoer. It's hard, but I know that some of them will go to see and love this movie. He is very European in feelings and, of course, if you are a fan of thematic films about wildlife, try it. Uncertain? Well, then I would wait for a DVD of a wet Sunday. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008
