I really wanted this movie, and I don't think I was terribly disappointed. Being a teacher of American history, I almost felt obliged to watch this film, and as far as the story went, it was not bad. Of course, there were a few mistakes here and there (especially with regard to the timing - the film seemed to last only a few months, or perhaps a year - no more than six years of real fighting), but the general spirit of the film and the battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also included a rather meaningless plot, in which it is difficult to believe in a romance between a poor patriot and a rich loyalist. For the most part, it really distracted from the general plot and it seemed that he was simply “hooked” - like a plot device, and not like a real honest novel. In fact, since most of the novel was reduced to the blunt cliche "love at first sight", it was kind of annoying when I think about it more. <br /> <br /> However, despite this novel, the film is really interesting and inspirational - plus, in many respects it seems that a much later film, PATRIOT, was copied from this Griffith film !!! Both films followed the exploits of an evil leader fighting for the British and using terrible and evil tactics against civilians - and both had the secret intention to use this as a “springboard” to launch their OWN nation in America !!! The only significant difference is that this film is set in the north, and PATRIOT was in the Carolina. It would be nice if Mel Gibson and the others admitted their duty to D.W. Griffith for the plot ideas. It just doesn't seem that these two stories were created independently of each other. <br /> <br /> PS - Although I like this film and some other Griffith films, it really deserves to “Burn In Hell” again for the fact that White actors portray all the black servants in the film! This is a sick and fanatical thing that Griffith did in many of his films - especially in “THE BIRTH OF NATION.” I must assume, based on this and on how he portrays black people, that he was fine with slavery and was quite an apologist for this. ” strange institution "(do not be angry with me - it means sarcasm).
