In this fascinating, tasteless copy of Death Wish, in the role of Billy Clark, a first-class martial arts fighter and one woman smashing the crew, opening a giant ten-gallon drum, exceptionally luxurious and well-gifted beauty brunette Karin Mani plays. a fierce scapegoat - and ** on countless innocent robbers, rapists, drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty criminals with low living standards attacked her beloved grandparents. Terrific voluptuous Ms. Mani gushes her teeth at her furious ass, tough chick with winning jumping aplomb, beating up cheeky guys with infectious jubilation and exposing her smoking hot body in several completely gratuitous, but highly appreciated, naked scenes. Unfortunately, Mani has an extremely annoying harsh and annoying voice that chews on marble, which is pure murder on the ears (my favorite moment regarding Mani’s dubious presentation of her dialogue occurs when she says: "Do not mess with the girls in the park; not so. "nice!" after he hit several disgusting hooligans. Karin’s only subsequent film role was in The Avenging Angel, in which she makes a truly stunning fully frontal nude scene, but has these lines.) The single most sensational sloppy sequence occurs when Mani goes to jail for a short time on charges of contempt of court and shows her quite significant things in the shower scene in a group prison. Of course, the lustful neighbor of Mani for lesbians is trying to seduce her, only to repel her undesirable achievements by a serious beating! Oddly enough, a lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best friend while she is behind bars. Having received an additional electroplating blow in a vigorously rough and unprepared hand with a powerful direction from Edward Victor, a funky rock and roll, a delightfully rude acting cast from the game (if unconvincing), a constant fast pace, numerous retreating all - spectacular fighting scenes and tough photos Howard Anderson III, this incredibly pleasant exploitation and dirty exploitation is an indispensable preview for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget junk in movie theaters.
