In 1930, Europe experienced a real shock when Luis Bunuel's L'Age Dor was released, which caused a riot in Paris when the shows were held there, as a result of which it was banned for something like more than forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe overcame a shock, it was again put into the ear with Ecstasy, a symphony of (a kind of) love. The film starred a young, unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who later changed her name to Hedy Lamarr when she moved to America to avoid Adolf Hitler's madness, like Eva, a young bride who had just married a cold, distant husband without love (played by Emil German) only to discover that she made a serious mistake. One divorce later, Eva is free from unnecessary noise and fantasy and once leaves the house, diving into the lake when she discovers Adam, a handsome young engineer (played by Aribert Moga), which she likes very much (and she, he)). After a wild night of passion, Eva's ex-husband reappears in the hope of returning Eve, only to discover that he now has a competitor. I will not spoil what is happening. Czech director Gustav Machati (director of the original film adaptation of Madame X, another parable about romantic obsession) directs the script of Jacques Korpel, Frantisek Horky and Machati from the novel by Robert Gorky. The velvety cinema of the film (which reminded me of Avangard photographer, photographs of the Man Ray era, which in many respects uses impressionistic use of light and shadow), was shot by Hans Androshin and Jan Stallich. Brisk editing of the film - Antonin Zelenka, and the artistic direction of the film, which looks magnificent, almost in the style of Art Deco - Bohumil Hes). If I have some peculiarity in this film, then this is Giuseppe Becce's musical score, which goes to a grand, melodramatic feeling that will quickly become obsolete (some themes are repeated again and again, wearing out, this is welcome, fast --- like some from David Lin overuse certain musical themes, especially in “Lawrence Of Arabia” and “Dr.Hivago”). A few years ago, a new refurbished print was made up of the best source material gathered together from various existing European print media, restoring it to what may be the closest version of what it originally looked like before the Vatican condemned its like "decadent" (yes, that's right ... like the church never did anything bad), and the Heiss office cut it to ribbons when it was finally released in the US in 1936, in the approved "Heys Office" (similarly) . Minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (it was assumed that this will be mainly a visual experience). Not rated, but contains this shameful naked skinny scene dipping Hedy Lamarr (done tastefully, note) and some assumptions about sexual content (also) that PG-13 rating is unlikely to bring to it at the moment. Worth seeing if you have an interest in early European cinema or avant-garde / experimental cinema
