I can not comment on this film without discussing its value for me personally. In childhood, poor health did not allow me to go to the movies. I first encountered films at the end of World War II, thanks to Roger Manville’s magnificent film The Penguins, The Film, which gave me so much pleasure that my health began to improve, and I would like to buy another copy for re-reading today. My acquaintance with many classic films, such as “Battleship Potemkin”, “Drifter” (a magnificent documentary film Grierson), “Metropolis”, “The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari” and “Ecstasy”; first came through this book, and then to my university art house cinema. Ecstasy incurred the anger of the Vatican for conniving how Eva left Emile, her subsequent divorce and short voyage, which she accepted in a positive effect, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial questions and discussed the film as triumphant, surprisingly beautiful a visual film. Loving is the opinion of many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw this, I readily agreed. It was no longer possible to see Ecstasy until home video appeared - by then it had become a cherished memory that could not be disturbed. Most recently, I finally added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found this assessment very superficial. “Ecstasy” is a much more parable about the continuity of human existence, in relation to which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw used in his aggressively agnostic writings to mean “Life Force”. <br /> <br /> Ecstasy portrays a young bride who marries a middle-aged man whose sexual attraction is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returns home and divorces him. Soon after she has a strong mutual attraction to a young, courageous man, she meets while riding a horse. She makes love for the first time, and this is an incredible experience. Her ex-husband cannot face rejection and give a young man a ride in his car, assuming that a passing train will kill them both at the railway crossing. But the train stops on time, and, apparently, the sick engine driver is sent for recovery to a nearby hotel, where he later commits suicide by shooting himself. After these exciting climacteric episodes, a mild, predictable and almost inevitable finale stresses that, while individual human lives demonstrate both joy and tragedy, collective life continues to carry us all forward in its flow, and only by contributing to this flow can we be really happy. This story is banal, acting is no more than adequate; and usually such a film would have disappeared long ago in the garbage, as most of his contemporaries did. Ecstasy has given its classic status - exceptional cinematography, a continuous lyrical account and a very careful loving direction, combined with something random, but from a cinematic point of view very important - it appeared immediately after the introduction of sound and was probably planned as silent film This is a subtitle, and his Director used the impact of short word sequences accompanying some subtitles, and sometimes breaking into account, which so lovingly moves the film forward. This makes it not only almost unique, but also extremely useful for viewing. The parable in the story is emphasized continuously, but so subtly that only when you think after watching, a person is fully aware of this. For example, the names are Eve and Adam; obsessive behavior of Emil in his wedding night, which shows that the triviate became the most important thing in his life and predetermine his possible suicide, since he does not have an adequate goal to support him; the ongoing series of beautiful sequences showing erotic images (a bee pollinating a flower, a key entering the lock, breaking a necklace during Eve's virgin love sequence with Adam, etc.); and final sequences after suicide, which could have been removed in various ways, but serve to show people the importance of doing some kind of work that makes a positive contribution to the development of society, as well as creating a new life for maintaining this society after we ourselves pass it on <br /> <br /> As a 1933 film, I would rate it at level 9 - even comparing it with modern works, I would not reduce it to below 8. For me, the film will always remain “must-see” (although You may feel that my comments above indicate some bias in this judgment). Unfortunately, in North America, the current ratings of this film were distorted by the reaction of the extreme 1930s to the very short and relatively unimportant nude scene of Hedy Kiesler, with whom she had difficulty living in Hollywood (some critics who clearly did not see such classic films as "Hypocrites", Hula, "Return to the Land of God", "Bird of Paradise" or some of the early works of DG Griffiths and C. de Mille even mistakenly call it the first appearance of a nude actress in a feature film). This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the film would have been quite a bit different if the director had decided to rewrite it. <br /> <br /> Two further thoughts; Firstly, it is a Czech film, released there in 1933. His final message about hard work, bringing positive benefits for society, should have seemed very superficial to the audience when, after a few years, their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and was almost destroyed for at least two generations (I don’t remember that these episodes were shown immediately after the war, when I first saw this film - were they removed from the copy I saw then?). Secondly, for me, his main message today is that things of real beauty are often very transient, even if their memory can remain with one for life. We should all be grateful that today some of them can be filmed and viewed again when it is convenient for us.
