First, let's remove the “hype”. Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women, and films were the perfect medium for many to see her beauty on the screen. Here is Khedi, as a young young 20-year-old girl speaks her native Austrian language. I recently bought a version of this classic of 1932/3, uncensored in 1990. Yes, we see a brief snapshot of Khedi, topless, but although she filmed the bare scenes of swimming and running horse, director Gustav Machati uses a coating of branches, reflections in puddles, medium and long shots to show her in this way in this famous scene; so do not think that there are any lustful close-ups or clinches. Her boyfriend, Pierre Nye, always keeps his clothes. Yes, quite brave for your day, but how harmless it looks now through the eyes of 2003. <br /> As other scholars note, this film should pay attention to the imaginary, expressionistic and allegorical statements that it makes with images of water droplets forming ripples on the surface of water, agricultural machinery, landscapes, etc. The sweet-sounding strings sound throughout most of the length of Extase, and the film “feels” the transition between silence and sound in its direction and concept. The script is very minimalistic and economical, the story is mainly transmitted through faces and faces. body gestures with just a few words of German spoken by actors with English subtitles. Even these few words seem almost superfluous in a common lyrical way through the film. <br /> <br /> Simply put, this is the story of a young girl o marries a much older man (why didn't they tell us, and what did Eve see in him, anyway? Money?), who then ended up in trapped unjudged and loveless marriage. Then she returns to her father, leaving her husband, and her father lying to his son-in-law. After riding the horse, Eva decides to swim in an inflatable boat and loads her clothes into the horse's saddle. However, her horse herself gets romantic notions and jumps to greet his horse. Coming out of the lake naked and trying to restore his mountain, but the engineer at work sees and removes the horse, then examines its owner. And so the novel is born. Her husband, seeing that his rival should defeat Eve, later decides to shoot himself, but I thought it was rather illogical, and his main weakness, given his former unloved relationship with Eve. <br /> <br /> Although it was reissued in 1990 on VHS, the sound is 70 years old, it is a bit soft and with a background crackle, in accordance with the films of its age. After the tribulation period for our handsome boyfriend, obviously so in love with Eve that he imagines her mother and baby, so we must assume that they live happily ever after. Just let the imaginary rush at you and deprive you of the style of the films, even the end of the 1930s. This is a lyrical piece that you can love for your own sake, and not just for an attractive title. I gave her 7/10.
