I can understand how the fans of filmmaker Roman Polanski could love this film - and I could understand how some people could hate him completely (Ebert was one of the few who could not understand why people didn't run out of the theater). After the first viewing I am not sure that I can fall into any of these categories, however, as a person who cannot get enough of Kafka and strange dark comedies of paranoia, the Tenant is effective enough for his work time. Or maybe not - this is one of those times when it could have been more of a masterpiece, if it was a half-hour episode with the Twilight Zone, when Serling put the code, like Terkovsky (or whoever it is (?)) in his bed in bandages. This is very similar to the attitude to the doomed protagonist, as well as to “Repulsion”, however, it can be argued that there was more ambiguity, more sense of surrealism resulting from a long disintegration of character and location (and, frankly, better to a greater degree than Tenant. <br /> <br /> Tenant has an intriguing prerequisite that you don’t get tired of telling other people: Polanski is a Polish immigrant in Paris who accepts an apartment that was recently purchased by Simone Chole, who jumped out of a window and mind soon after that, but other tenants are as conservative in terms of noise as possible; after Saturday night, Torkovsky and several friends complained about too much noise. This does not happen again, says the good-natured, but slightly nervous tenant Polanski, but there is no peace to move a closet or chair. Soon complaints are registered against another tenant, but from him? Can he register complaints? This is not a case of an erroneous identity, but a lack of emotional balance with himself and whirling people. As the downward spiral continues, Polanski intensifies the tension (and, I dare say, black and comedic laughter), showing Tarkovsky in the middle of a terrible dream — one of the strongest scenes of Polanski of that period — and finding teeth in the wall. not to mention the bathroom across the road (which, I might add, is always a cinematic jerk of horror and surreal madness). <br /> <br /> But somehow the film never feels so significant aside because of its excessive design, like a potential mind-f *** machine, with Tenkovsky’s tenants, who only for a while seem to be different what they seem like: not so much anxiety when you find out that they really don’t want it, which makes paranoia more self-fulfilling. At least once or twice, I also thought: “Why did Polanski take the lead role?” It's not that he is a bad actor at all, and he has appeared in several films and plays that were not his own direction. But besides the fact that he looks awkward and intense, as in a church, or in moments when he thinks they really want to kill themselves, his transformation is less creepy than mocking. checking himself to see if he can handle it, which he doesn't quite do. Despite the fact that Polanski worked on this well, to look like a meek and frazzled Terkovsky, I saw at least several other actors who could cope with this with greater subtlety and influence of personality. By the time someone sees him in a dredge, he becomes between a worthy fear and a true camp, especially when he reaches a double apogee at the end (which, of course, is not surprising). <br /> <br /> And yet, for the film buff and the fan of Polanski, it’s nice to see a supporting actor trying to delve into much more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do it best, even though they have to play through limited characters), and unexpected moments, such as Polanski and Ajani, become hot and heavy during the Bruce Lee film, or when he really gets drunk, or in one almost random scene, when he slaps the child near the fountain, quite brilliant in their own right. This is a very good movie, and it can get my attention when there is too much coffee after midnight. But the main movie? Not really.
