I am sure that everyone who has seen this film will agree that it is very creepy. Other films in the unofficial trilogy of Polanski are also creepy, but they are all different in what makes them creepy, but they all roughly deal with the same thing, they all deal with the mind. Of course, tired people are very terrible, each of them sent me a shiver through my spine, because of which I could not sit still. Again, if you saw the other two films mentioned, I'm sure you will find it rather creepy, because you start to expect the typical features of Polanski, which you think you caught, he is aware of this and will tease you with simple things, Personally, every time Trelkovsky turned around slowly, I prepared for the jump, maybe it was just me, but he felt that he intended to do it, although it was rather subtle, the music moments did not accumulate in these films. <br /> <br /> The casting in this was pretty good, it was mostly from Polanski, of course, the other characters in the film do not have much time to overshadow the lead. Polanski really established himself as a universal great director, he not only knows how to make and shoot great films, but in fact he can also be shot. I do not think that there is anyone else better who could play the role of Trelkovsky, Polanski coped with it very well. I like to watch films in which the director is also part of the main composition, for me it really emphasizes their fantastic versatility and talent, which I respect very much. <br /> <br /> In this film I didn’t like the way it was done in English. For those who do not know, this is a French film, funded by Americans, and also to make it more commercially successful, mostly it was done in English. There are parts that are very obvious, that it was duplication, and I do not know why this is so, but in 3/4 cases, when there is duplication, they make a completely wrong person to make duplication. There are women in the film who, when she speaks, are obviously a dub, but they had the most annoying man to do voice over, it was very painful to hear her speak, she had the loudest high voice. I heard after a while, it almost seemed like a fake, but I do not understand what the point is, she was a rather small character. Honestly, I would prefer that they just leave it in the form in which it was filmed, partly in French and partly in English, because the duplication in this film was painful and not close (two completely different films, I I know) the high standard of another film that did a similar thing, which was, Good, Bad and Ugly. I understand that this is not a big problem, just when you understand this, it is annoying, but I am sure that you will not sit there for a long time, trying to lip-read what they actually say, regardless of whether you know French. <Br /> <br /> What is good about Polanski is that it allows you to think that you know him, that you know his style, that in some aspects you know, but in fact you don’t see what's around this corner. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two mentioned films, which, I think, really enhance this one, in particular. I personally feel that this is the best of the three, I am not sure what will happen next, but they are all relatively close in their level of grandeur. The final is fantastic, it is so easy to delay it for a long time to come and not get anywhere. I prefer not to think too much about it, just to express my personal opinion and leave it in my opinion. <br /> <br /> I walked around and really didn’t give any idea what makes this movie so great, I don’t think so I’ll do it here quickly. If you liked Disgust and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee you will enjoy this movie, to say the least. For those who are too unlucky to watch this or that, I recommend that you watch this movie if you are looking for something rather creepy, rather clever, especially the end, and also if you are looking for something that deals with the mind of Paranoia , even if it is better suited at repulsion.
