Here is an example of a film that was not well received when it was made, but whose reputation seems to rise with time. The Tenant is a rather interesting work by Polanski, one of his first European exiles. It is located in Paris, and, as in many other films about exile, the city, its streets, the Seine and especially the building where the action takes place play an important role. Polanski simply chooses his main character not by an American (as, for example, in “Mad”), but by a Pole, as he was when he went to the West. In fact, this film has a lot of personal comments made at the time, which must have been a time of crisis in the director’s life, and the fact that he decided to play a major role (and does it masterfully) can also be seen as some a kind of exorcism. <br /> <br /> This is a kind of round story. A hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in an old Parisian building, where what seems to be at first a well-versed team of grumpy old or just ridiculous neighbors. The previous tenant tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the window of the apartment, and Trelkovsky has time to visit her at the hospital before she dies, and to meet her young and beautiful girlfriend Stella (wearing glasses Isabel Ajani in her first role). after the "Historical Book of Adele H." Truffaut). Soon the neighbors do not seem to be who they are, this is a conspiracy to make him crazy or make him enter the life and role of the dead girl. He fights, tries to run, enters the game and ends, entering the circle and slowly becoming it. The circle is closed. <br /> <br /> This is not the most plausible story that we may have seen or heard, but the strength of the film is not in history, but in the details of psychology, in slow degradation. the mental state of the hero, in the constant game of balance between reality and delusion. To a certain extent, it is not what is happening on the screen that is important, but how it happens, recalling the classic “Knife in Water”, created more than ten years ago, at the end of the Polish period Polanski. There are many details that are never explained, but this is how mysterious films must be, and sometimes it happens. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly pollutes the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details in the last part of the film are not very well implemented, and conversational dialogues in English (the film was made in English) almost neutralize the overall atmosphere. However, waiting for the final punch is very worth the patience. <br /> <br /> This is not the best film made by Polanski, but it has many good roles, it shows the director’s hand and style, and he was a significant step in building his career.
