After his classic film Noir Tribute in Chinatown, Roman Polanski returned to the themes his best hits gave him in the 60s with this terrible psychological horror, which, like Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby, is associated with paranoia and claustrophobia generated by the apartment. <Br /> <br /> Roughing is best for creating a claustrophobic environment, and this should be the most suffocating and limited picture he has ever created. The emphasis on the side walls and distant vanishing points is greater than ever, and even in a small number of external scenes the sky is rarely conspicuous. But the Tenant is limited not only in space, but also in the intensity with which he focuses on his main character. Trelkovsky, played by Polanski himself, is not only present in every scene, it is present in almost every frame. When it is often not on the screen, the camera becomes the viewpoint of Trelkovsky. And, of course, almost everywhere, wherever he looked, he sees his reflection, looking at him in the mirror. <br /> <br /> I can’t remember a single film that is more about the internalization and loneliness of one character. Some psychological thrillers, such as "M" or "Peeping Tom", make us feel sorry for the mentally ill hero. Others, such as Psycho, are trying to deepen the scientific analysis of his mental state. The tenant does not fit into any of these categories; it just completely immerses us in the experience of Trelkovsky, without demanding that we really understand or appreciate what is happening in his head. We feel his paranoia and obsession, although we are constantly told that they are irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski was also a master of a slowly unfolding horror movie. Often there is ambiguity in his horrors about whether something really sinister is actually happening, but they are among the most effective in a frightening audience. What for? Precisely because they unfold so slowly and spend so much time on painstakingly setting up situations that they immerse the viewer in paranoia. Much later, the horror of Polanski, “The Ninth Gate” is a slightly erratic plot, but at least he still manages to achieve this creeping feeling of fear. <br /> <br /> This is a rare chance to see Polanski himself in the lead role. His talent in front of the camera was as good as hers, and he is absolutely perfect as the meek Trelkovsky. Another outstanding performance is that shelly Winters is too often overlooked as a concierge. In fact, this is more like a star cast, although many familiar faces look out of place in this strange gothic European film. In addition, unfortunately, many French actors in supporting roles are cruelly duplicated in the English version. <br /> <br /> The tenant is more polished and less pretentious than “Repulsion”, but he lacks the tension and character that make Baby Rosemary. so exciting and interesting. The tenant is good, without serious flaws, and Polanski really was in great shape as a director, but this is not one of his most exciting works.
