Westerns Anthony Mann and Jimmy Stewart are gradually winning the position for this director with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best director in this genre. Of course, he knows how to size a good guy Stewart - in the films of Mann there is an advantage to Jimmy, which is slowly being shown to the audience. In WINCHESTER '73, it was Stuart's relationship with his brother and how it turns him into a revenge figure. Here is the “I trust only myself” attitude, which leads to one complication after another. Even before the film starts properly, he (like Jeff Webster) kills two of his mercenary cowboys who helped out on the cattle drive to Seattle because of some kind of argument (we never understand this - either they wanted to leave the cattle breeding, or they tried to steal cattle). <br /> <br /> He meets his rivals at Skagway, a port where he must get to deliver his flock to Dawson. Skagway's boss is a so-called lawyer named Gannon (John McIntyre), who recalls one of Skagway's real bosses in Jefferson's "Soap" Smith's Gold Rush and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have become as mean as Gannon, turning every opportunity into a chance to make some money. The herd of Stewart interrupted the public hanging - so (as a fine in the form of a fine) the herd was confiscated (to be sold later for the profit of Gannon). <br /> <br /> Stewart is Ben’s partner (Walter Brennan - who, oddly enough, won his last Oscar by playing referee Roy Bean). They are also joined by Rub Maurice (Jay C. Flippen), and they also meet with two women: the refined castle of Rhonda (Ruth Roman) and the friendly and helpful Rene Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but has previously helped Jeff escape from the authorities in Seattle. However, she has a similar “I trust only myself” relationship to Jeff. She offers him a job to deliver the goods for Dawson. He, Ben and Rub leave, but at night (while the others are sleeping) they return and steal cattle. Rene follows and warns them that Gannon and his associates are following. Jeff detains Gannon for a long enough time so that the herd of cattle is transported across the Canadian border, although Gannon notes that since Jeff must return through Skagway, Gannon can wait until he hangs it. <br /> <br /> A reunited group of Rhonda and Jeff separated on the trail to go to Dawson, Jeff chose a longer and safer route. After he has proven himself right, they follow his route and reach Dawson, only to find that there is an element of lawlessness threatening the community because of the gold deposits. The herd is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rub and Rene begin the search. Soon, two groups will appear in Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson want to build a decent city. But the Mounties will not create a station in Dawson for several months. The other, centered around the "dance floor", run by Rhonda, is in collusion with Gannon, who has an extensive demand jump scheme using his gang of shooters (Robert J. Wilk is really scary in sequence with Plump Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to stay away from both of them and go with his new wealth and Ben to the ranch they want in Utah. But will they get there? And will Jeff remain neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances here are amazing, including Stuart as a person who is willing to meet with everyone, but otherwise would be quite peaceful. Brennan plays one of his patented old coders, whose love for good coffee has unexpectedly bad results. At first, Flippen is drunk, but tragedy and responsibility make him recover from his best side - and he who has the chance to verbally strike Stewart in the heart, using Stewart's own words against him. MacIntyre will achieve fame on television in WAGON TRAIN, replacing Ward Bond, but his work in Mann’s films show his villain abilities (for example, his opportunist as a merchant who outwitted himself in WINCHESTER '73). He, as stated elsewhere in this thread, is really sloppy - but he has a sense of humor. The novel is an interesting mixture of the opportunist and the human being, whose fate is determined by its best feelings. And Calvert is both the voice of conscience and the borderline "Gigi", realizing that she is more than a young girl, but a budding woman. <br /> <br /> Best of everything that happens in the Canadian Rockies is as wonderful in its own way as John Ford used the Monument Valley. Mann certainly did an excellent job directing this film, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
