Basically, this is a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman). She instantly fell in love with Jeff in a short skirmish on the deck of the steamer with Skagway and looked longer when he was hiding in her cabin while the authorities were looking for him on the charge of murder. They learn that they have something in common, besides attraction to animals. Neither of them trusts a member of the opposite sex, apparently because both were married to spouses who cheated on them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other, traveling from Skagway to Dawson. But Rhonda clearly has a close relationship with corrupt Sheriff Gannon and participates in some shady practices in her Castle Skagway saloon. In the end, she has to choose between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a young naive French woman, also immediately loves Jeff, but receives only insulting strokes in return. However, she remains with him in his travels from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Along with Rhonda, she returns to his health after Jeff is left to die by Gannon's shooters at his gold demand. Walter Brennan, like Ben, serves as Jeff's longtime assistant. He doesn't have a meaty role, but he serves to soften Jeff's sharp corners. His passing symbolically opens the door to replacing a female companion for Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntyre (as Sheriff Gannon) makes probably the most charismatic evil city boss you've ever seen in the film, exuding charm and humor. along with his bullying. Obviously, he sees something of his own in Jeff, repeatedly declaring that he will like him. He makes a believable incarnation of the infamous Soapi Smith, who spent his last years at Skagway as one of the main fraudsters of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is a typical antihero, a loner (with the exception of Ben's companion) who does not want to stick his neck out for the sake of others, even if he knows that he is the only one who is suitable for this job. In this regard, he is very similar to the character of Bert Lancaster, for example, in “Vera Cruz”. Thus, not only does Jeff refuse to work for Marshal Dawson, he is convinced to leave Dawson after the Gannon gang joins in with clear intentions to take on all the insufficiently legitimate gold claims, while at the same time getting rid of some of the miners and suggesting that the others hurry out from dawson. Even Rhonda suggests that she and Jeff hurry out of Dawson while they are still alive. Then Jeff suddenly changed his mind, apparently still nurturing a desire to avenge the shooting of Ben and himself. He turns from an anti-hero into a hero, directing the expulsion of the gang of Gannon from Dawson. In this respect, he is different from the character of Lancaster, who is never reformed (But has Jeff really changed or just revenged for mistakes made against his own interests?) <br /> <br /> The main problem I see with the plot is 2 principle of women. It is clear that Rhonda is being groomed as the right woman to tame Jeff. Although she is clearly described as a “bad” girl, Jeff recently had a difficult past, he shot at least 5 men in the United States or Yukon and stole his cattle back from Gannon. Ironically, shortly after Jeff moves from the anti-hero to the hero, Rhonda makes similar changes, running out into the street to warn Jeff about the impending ambush of Gannon. As a result, she dies, and Jeff asks her why she didn’t just look after herself (his supposedly just abandoned creed!). <br /> <br /> It is clear that Corin Calvert, like Rene, simply does not make a reliable replacement for the dead Rhonda, according to Jeff. However, the obvious consequence of the farewell scene is that they get together, although Jeff never explicitly gives her a kiss or a hug. Her image of a good, albeit naive, young woman is somewhat compromised by her work in Ronda’s salon, in which he stumbles upon miners who weight their golden dust, pushes the spilled dust on the floor and restores it later. It is also very unclear to me what her relationship is with Ruba Morris, a middle-aged miner who accompanies her and works with her. (He is not her father). <br /> <br /> Another problem is the unprofessional treatment of the shootout between the gang of Jeff and Gannon. If Gannon had any skill with a pistol, he would have to kill or seriously injure Jeff under this boardwalk before Jeff did the same to him. And how did Jeff’s ill-raised right hand suddenly become healthy enough to shoot with obvious ease? I also wonder what Jeff and friends did to help save avalanche victims. They were too far away to pull them alive out of the snow. And why most of the pack horses and mules of Rhonda were not buried by an avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see many, perhaps, nameless, but familiar faces among the miners and the gang of Gannon. Sequences taken in the Canadian Rockies provide a breathtaking backdrop. All in all, a very interesting western, with most of the major flaws concentrated at the end. Without a doubt, this film has some historical and geographical advantages, especially the role taking place in the Canadian Yukon, which in fact was much more tame than the American Skagway.
