EXTREMITIES is a disturbing but exciting adaptation of William Mastriosymon’s play (which adapted his own screen game) about a woman who once in her car attacked the alleged rapist on her way home and was horrified when she realized that the man had received her wallet and knew where she lives. After her roommates leave for work the next day, a boyfriend appears at her home and tries to rape her. The story takes an unexpected turn when one day a woman turns the tables on a man and can overpower him; but when she realizes that the attempted rape cannot be proved, and if a man is arrested, he will simply come out, she decides to leave him captive in the house until she can get a confession from him. Thoughtful? May be. Anxious? Definitely, but there is an amazingly claustrophobic feeling in this film, especially in the middle only with a woman and her attacker, that you cannot but feel completely part of what is happening. I have not seen the performance on Broadway, but I could imagine that such a play works better on stage, but this does not make this film a less exciting experience. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses who played the role on Broadway, was honored with the role of Marjorie in the film version and shows a tight and touching performance as a victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics believe that Fawcett’s performance was one note, but for me, Marjorie is a woman, stunned by what she went through, and the show works for me. James Rousseau, in his career, slimy and menacing as a potential rapist, who considers Marjorie a much more difficult task than he had imagined. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid play the role of Marjorie's roommates, who return home after Marjorie defeated the guy and, upon arrival, was tied up and stuffed into their fireplace. And this is the arrival of roommates who take the story to an unexpected level, because they did not see what we saw as Marjorie passes, and therefore, she thinks she should call the police and let them deal with the guy. Not for the faint-hearted, but, if you can endure, the exciting movie experience associated with the lead production will surprise you.
