This review owes its existence to a full review. We take a weekly TV magazine to see what is going on and properly decide what we are going to watch. Surely, there are brief reviews of most films scheduled to be shown on the five main terrestrial channels. In addition to prose, each film is assigned 1-5 stars. 5 means “Do not miss” (above 4 for “Excellent”), up to 1 means “Bad”. From a lot of experience, we learned that, with few exceptions, stars are rewarded for rude taste, obscene language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood and insides, and especially for killing a hero / heroine just when everyone was ever going to live happily after. (If this is not done, the film is considered "predictable" - the worst insult that you can imagine!) <br /> <br /> Brave new girl was given only 1 star, which indicates that he was a candidate worthy of our time and attention. This was confirmed by the reviewer's description of the film as “a truly horrible story” and “stupid, just stupid.” We watched it, and my wife and I were glad we did. The television magazine reviewer also stated that the film “does not remake War and Peace,” with which we must agree. After reading the IMDb reviews for this name a day or two later, the desire to raise my pen (so to speak) to add my half pennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) for the uninitiated) became overwhelming. <br /> <br /> Why did we start this movie? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We like attractive characters, plausible relationships between them, interesting situations, politeness and respect, good triumphs over evil and so on. We liked the integrity and personality of Holly (Lindsay Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Dietz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joan Boland) and two male professors involved in the story. So, if the storyline includes an “evil western witch” in the image of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), provided that she plays the role with some conviction. We highly appreciate the friendship depicted between two roommates: one of them is educated with material difficulties from a loving mother, and the other has a material advantage, but little parental time and love. Is it any wonder that Dietz felt the same thing as Mama Holly's mom? Is it surprising that Grant immediately became interested in Holly, given the manner of their first meeting, Holly's dazzling smiles and her lively composure? I think that these problems and events are quite plausible, but it is necessary to pretend that the scholarship and other circumstances are realistic, so that the fairy tale has the situation. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are very blessed without any significant musical education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds of instruments and voices, without our critical abilities unnecessarily interfering with our listening and thus spoiling the experience. We enjoyed both classic plays and pop music that seemed good on TV, and we weren’t impressed by the lack of talent. In addition, it didn’t matter that Holly’s classical vocals were voiced by someone else. <br /> <br /> We liked the movie to find the DVD. The average price for the films we paid for the discs in our collection is currently £ 4,9484 (rounded to four decimal places). The bold new girl was available from a reliable supplier on the Amazon Marketplace for £ 1.3516 (rounded up to four decimal places) above this figure. Such a purchase will increase the average. Why I should be indignant, this is a mystery to me, but this is evidence of our pleasure from this film that we still placed an order. I rewarded this film with 7 IMDb stars out of ten, having docked one for the over-enthusiastic reception of performances by the audience, one for Britney's ad and one for something else that I cannot remember right now. (If it didn’t fall, this review is a hymn to use brackets!)
