(Spoilers in the first paragraph) The anti-German sentiments of this film seem to be outdated, but this is a brilliant example of great wartime propaganda. This was done when Cecil B. Demil was still a great director. (Ignore all of his later Academy Awards for Better Picture; he never made a very good sound film.) This film lacks the comedy of most other Pickford films, and indeed it was Demil's film, not Pickford. The meanness of the Germans can be compared with how the “Patriot” of 2000 did the same with the British. The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain who had the ironic name Austreheim. They even forced Pickford to make an unsuccessful journey on a luxury ship torpedoed by a German submarine. So what will make Americans more war? Drowning Lusitania or seeing how America’s favorite Canadian imports sink? Throughout the film, DeMill conducts his main character from one terrible disaster to another, barely escaping death, hypothermia, debauchery, rape, execution and explosions that occur in the right place to keep it intact. The way she was saved from being shot is no more believable than the way people in the Jurassic Park were ultimately saved from velociraptors. If I were more gullible in such propaganda, I would punish myself for being partly German ancestor. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? Besides the joking oath on Americans abroad who think they are untouchable? Was this an obvious joke even then ?? You could not be entertained. You will find it more than melodramatic and, obviously, one-sided, but the first thing that came to my mind after watching was that many years passed before Potemkin’s misconception about the massacre revolutionized the language of cinema and film. potential film for propaganda. It made me think: what happened to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the appearance of sound and “The Greatest Show on Earth,” he seemed to have lost his ambition. Ben Hur looked expensive, but not ambitious. In the proposal, this film is intended for 1) film historians, 2) silent film lovers, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) DeMill fans, if such a person exists.
