This first-class Western Gold Rush tale brings a great deal of excitement, romance and James Stewart to the screen. “Far Country” is the only one out of all five Westerns of Stuart-Mann, which is often forgotten. Stewart, however, takes a fresh look at the omnipresent personalities that he had in five Stuart-Mann westerns. Jeff Webster (Stuart) is indifferent, always taking care of himself, which is why he is so surprised when people are kind and kind to him. Ironically, he wears a bell on the saddle, without which he will not ride. This shows that he can simply take care of one person - his friend, Bene Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, since it was Tatum who gave him to him. Mann, however, takes a fresh look at the ever-present personalities that he has invested in the five westerns of Stuart-Mann. It shows violence, excitement, plot twists, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, thanks to a number of events, find themselves in the rapidly wealthy town of Dawson, along with gold partners Calvet and Flippen, and not very good, but beautiful Roman and her hired men. They cannot leave because the curved sheriff Mr. Gannon (McIntyre) and his “deputies” will hang them, because the only way out is via Skagway, which is the city of Gannon. But in the end, McIntyre comes to them, but not to pick up Stewart and / or his fine, which he allegedly owes to the government. What is McIntyre for? He is there to fool the miners out of their claims and money. People killed. The sheriff for Dawson is deemed necessary, and Kalvet chooses Stewart because he is good with weapons. Stewart, however, refuses to work because he plans to get all the gold that he can, and then pull out. He also refuses to do this, because he does not like helping people, because law and order always kill someone. Thus, Flippen is elected instead. The miner is killed because he is trying to confront one of Gannon’s people, a purely evil, mustached, bizarre fighter named Madden, who wears two pistols that Wilka plays. Flippen is trying to arrest Madden and see that justice will prevail, but he cannot resist him, so he becomes drunk in the city. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stuart and Tatum begin to leave, but they are ambushed by the Gannon people. Tatum is killed, and Stuart is wounded. Stewart finally realizes that he must do something, or Gannon will take on Dawson, set his own rules, and he will become his city, just like Skagway. The audience also understands what Stewart must do. The audience realizes that Stuart is the only thing that stands between the townspeople and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon will take over the city. If Stewart stays and doesn’t do anything about it, the townspeople will be killed one after the other mercilessly and uselessly. Here is a great scene. Stewart enters his cabin. He has a sling on his arm. For a few seconds, his pistol in the gun belt hangs on the pole next to his bed, the pistol is close, Stewart is in the background, right inside the door. He looks at it for a few seconds. He discards the sling. Sling lands on the back of a chair and falls to the floor. This is symbolic because he abandons his old life, which was that he did not care for anyone but himself. He enters his new life, helping people when they need help. The film ends with a bright weapon, a furious show of good versus evil and a sincere feeling of good mood that everything will be fine.
