Definitely spoilers in this review! I ** adore ** American gothic and have been doing it since I first saw her late at night, when she first went on the air on channel 4 in the UK when I was 14 years old. Comparisons with Stephen King are almost true. This is the weird eeriness of a small town, but with fantastic multi-layered characters. Best of all, and the reason why I love him so much is that he had the courage to never be black and white! Lucas Buck, although he lacks conscience, often works, he says, giving people enough rope to hang themselves. His manipulations work only because of the weak morals of other people. Caleb, though usually a thoughtful, kind, insightful boy, can sometimes show the hidden dark side inherited from his father. None of the characters is either good or bad, even if the angelic Merlin shows an angry side as a result of reckless revenge in the "Plague Sower". And not only that, but the fact that Gale, the closest figure of Caleb's mother, not only sleeps, but falls in love with Lucas, despite everything she knows, made me realize that this show would just go there and not apologize for this. I am a big fan of Buffy, but when this show tried to become really “gloomy” in later seasons, it failed miserably because it lost its humorous side and didn’t fully devote itself to his ideas. A.G. shows that you can have a morally bankrupt character right in the center of the show, and still damn laughing as you do. <br /> <br /> I can't even think about why it was canceled when I'm just getting angry at the absurdity of all this. So much rubbish on television and good, original TV shows that beat around and leave fingerprints. Thanks to the advent of DVD, at least I see the whole show! Yes, some visual effects look outdated, but the eerie strange atmosphere is fairly well represented by storylines. The actors also all give such great performances that it more than compensates for some strange camera work. <br /> <br /> The only reason why I think that someone might not like this show is that it doesn’t look like X-files, which have things that need to be “solved”, or “ Lost ", where there are huge unanswered questions. From the outset, it becomes apparent that Lucas Buck has some evil powers, and that the show is dedicated to the struggle for the soul of Caleb. Thus, this show can upset people looking for a goal or an unknown “truth” to find. Yes, there are some mysterious unresolved aspects, for example, the truth that Gales parents will be resolved, but unlike “The Lost” and “The X-Files”, this show is not about trying to learn more “facts” about what happens in IMO. It’s all about the characters and how they must counter moral choices in the distorted world of the Trinity. Personally, I would enjoy the fact that Lucas turns every situation in his favor. <br /> <br /> In general, the main thing I have to say is CHECK IT. I am sure most fantasy / hardcore fans will love this. Also, despite the fact that it was canceled, all the characters have arcs, and in the final this is enough to give a little sense to the closure. The only thread I felt was Dr. Matt. Not having it in the final episodes is weird. <br /> <br /> I would have done something for the second season, but at least there are as many as 22 episodes, and perhaps considering how crazy some television performers are, I should be glad that this is a wonderful show. was generally done !! !
