This time, Blackaddder is no longer royal (or even particularly close to being someone like that) ... instead, he is rather the butler of the Prince Regent, portrayed by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim Mcinnerney, whose presence and this hole is never filled ... his character had an innocent charm ... although he was clumsy and a complete moron, we cannot help but take care of him, which is not at all true of replacing him) as an unbearably foolish person obviously was, according to the Trivia page), not to mention a loud mouth and quite threatening. Now Edmund can do what he likes and do it. Why is he so upset and angry (to be honest, sometimes it's dull)? Yes, his master is a jester, they are always like that. It seems that he does not have enough money, and he is not in danger. In the second series, the queen was naughty and childish, and cut off someone's head - or married them - on a whim. It is simply never enough for any conflict to be exciting and interesting. There are more comments and even a bit of satire. Too often, it seems that they think that the story itself is quite funny, so they simply repeat it, not bothering to turn facts into jokes or jokes. And I can't tell you how many of them I figured out before they were made, in just a minute. This is usually not a positive thing when you know what the essence is before it is delivered. Baldrick has not changed since last season ... he is still rather pitiful and stupid, resulting in "stupid" humor. Honestly, the amount goes through the roof. Don't make me start with rude things. Sarcastic, verbal wit can still be great, although much less than before. I would say that about half of the episodes were pretty funny and quite funny, while the other three didn't really appeal to me. I was disappointed by how predictable some of the plots and their development were ... I could see how many of them were approaching a mile away. Some materials try too hard to be funny and find themselves incredibly forced. It continues with the tradition begun by "II", allowing plans to sometimes work. The theme is the worst of the set, the sequence of credits is the least creative. In general, this is definitely my least favorite of the four. I recommend it to fans of the franchise and the British comedy in general. 7/10
