Just saying that you have a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee that some people will appear in front of the screen, but screenwriter / director James Cox delivers about much more. "Rashamon" from the meanest Hollywood series, the film split the murders in Wonderland in July 1981 from different angles (and film stocks), but mostly through the John Holmes weasel swirling brain filter. In the film, full of bad guys, Holmes is either the nastiest, the most miserable, or both. Several versions of this story appear and merge when Coke blinks in slices of jumps and twisting cover pages against a background of effects and emotions. The dialogue is fast and naturalistic and never sounds wrong. Although the film takes its place two years after Holmes fell out of porn and into the really evil soil of drugs, debauchery, Kilmer inexorably exudes sexuality so intense that it can be measured in inches. This sexuality at its edges creates a sense of foreboding that hangs over the entire film almost as much as the violence at its center. These killings are teasing throughout the film, although they are never clearly shown, even at the climax, although their brutality perpetually permeates the whole picture, and a lot of blood is sprinkled on the walls and photos from the crime scene. Val Kilmer again, as Holmes shows, can act better than anyone else. Drunk, cowering, showing off, or begging, Kilmer is constantly in character, and the character is a constantly exciting car accident. Among the outstanding speeches next to Kilmer is definitely Ted Levine as the lead cop in the investigation and Lisa Kudrow in the role of the naked wife Holmes. The trio of criminals that Holmes includes includes the frighteningly high energy of Josh Lucas, the very interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and the absolutely unrecognizable Dylan McDermott, who plays a key role as the narrator of another version of the killings. Coke suggests that no matter how much we learn about Wonderland, the worst version is always possible, but looking at the corruption around it is much more interesting than understanding the truth.
