Unfortunately, in such cases there are so many controversial stories when everyone is trying to blame others, that it is almost impossible to get a clear idea of ​​what really happened. This film is a victim of such circumstances. The authors (too many of them) decided to take ALL the stories and give them to the audience so they can decide which version of the truth they like the most. As in the case of real life, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience is left with a general feeling of dissatisfaction (like decaffeinated coffee or sex without a climax). Whodunnits without whodunnit tend to be frustrating and make you wonder why someone didn’t do research before publishing it there. At the very least, advertise your film as fiction, if that's what it makes up (and that's it). <br /> <br /> This does not mean that there are no good ideas. Kilmer (in the role of Holmes) plays a prominent role, bringing a little humanity into what is otherwise a dubious character. Kilmer, as well as true lovers and friends who consulted on the film, allowed viewers to see a selfish, worried person who, although his shortcomings were numerous and large, was loved and cared for by many people (besides himself). Kudrow, as Holmes's wife, gives only a glimpse of that dramatic actress she can be, but this is a very noticeable and unforgettable glimpse. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as it could be, and she needed to show more internal conflict to believe what eventually happened between Don and Holmes (she turned him on 6 months after they ran Florida). The Bosworth speech at the apple is annoying from time to time, sometimes it touches, but it shows that not one of the main skeletons that the real Schiller should have. Other characters turn into woodwork, which is a great pity. Lucas is a great performer who could stick his teeth into this role if it were useful to him. Even Dylan McDermott was amazingly talented as a biker involved in drug trafficking. <br /> <br /> The error of this film is not in this, but in what is written. Too many cooks spoil the soup, and this kettle, filled with so much promise, ultimately leaves you hungry. The story and characters may have been less than sympathetic, but in which film of this kind are they not like that? Other films, such as the 1989 pharmacy cowboy with Matt Dillon in the lead role (who was reportedly asked to take this role and refused), worked on a similar subject and mastered it to such an extent that by the end of the movie you felt like a hero, in spite of what he did, Van Sandt could give James Cox and his team a few lessons. If someone tried to find the truth, it would be an intriguing story. In fact, you will find the accompanying WADD documentary more enjoyable (on a double-disc DVD) and much more informative. On the DVD, you will realize that Holmes was not a bad guy, but not very good ... like most people.
