John Holmes is so famous, he is notorious (as the Three Amigos would say). This is a Rashomon-like story about the events related to the killings in Wonderland in the early 1980s in Los Angeles. The story is collected from a retelling of several participants. There is a story from a friend’s point of view, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is involved in an assault on a robbery in Eddie Nash's house (Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - and is supposed to be the same character that Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and is actively involved in the drug business. There is the point of view of John Holmes (played by Val Kilmer), which makes him a pawn stuck between two kings (with a serious case of cocaine traction). There are also patchwork memories of John's wife (Sharon - performed by Lisa Kudrow) and her friend (Dawn - performed by Kate Bosworth), which fill in the gaps between the two stories. Basically, these are the same time frames that we are looking at, only the version of each character. The only thing missing is the perspective of the dead. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Anderson’s Boogie Nights portray John Holmes as a slightly heroic character with a tragic but comedic karma. He is a caricature of a real person. He was more or less a mixed child who received what he received through his “big” gift. Director James Cox turns off the comedy and turns this episode into the life of John into a nightmare for all of us. The details of the real kills make this movie even more creepy. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer took what he learned about Jim Morrison from the Doors, improved the performance for the Salton Sea, and then further enhanced it to bring us the damage of John Holmes for cocaine. All actors shoot a very realistic image of cocaine addicts. Josh Lucas's performance is considered one of the best in the film. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character seems to be the same as Thomas Jane from Boogie Night). Ron was the leader of the gang, he liked that John Holmes was a newcomer, and cocaine was thirsty, like sharks enjoying blood. Cocaine use seems so realistic that it makes you think. Did they really use Splenda ?? <br /> <br /> Where a splash of chewing gum (many colors and nostalgia of the 70s) is felt in Boogie Nights, the wonderland is gloomy. The action is fast and furious, with many jumps. It is nervous and grainy. There is no comedy, just an endless pace, as if the director is trying to plunge us into nervous, impetuous, sharp cocaine, so that we feel what the heroes feel. This is a graphic film. He has one of the most brutal scenes I've ever seen in a movie. This actually shows the killings themselves (through the eyes of John Holmes, first, and then from the perspective of a third person). This is so obvious that it looks like police evidence of a crime. I had to pause after this scene and remind myself that it was just a movie. This film is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to "boogie nights" for those interested in other parties to John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
