Recently, I have got the habit of buying any interesting DVDs that Criterion produces. I believe that even if I do not like the film, the criterion usually provides enough additional material to compensate for any flaws in the real film. I read them and buy the most interesting ones for me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase, and I must say that I was not disappointed in the film. It is fun, fun and romantic. Everything is fine in it. Wonderful songs. If I understood French, I would probably hum and sing them all day. Acting is very good for such a film. American musicals of the classical Hollywood era relied more on songs and dances than on real characters and history, but at Le Million the characters are quite well developed, and the story, although not something extremely impressive, is not enough. I loved the development of relationships, especially the relationship between Michel and Prosper's once best friends. Romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with a few very memorable moments. Probably the most ideal movie scene occurs right after the lead couple has an argument. They are hiding on the stage of an opera performance, and opera singers sing the strings that the couple, Michel and Beatrice, interpret in their own situation. This is definitely one of the highlights in the history of cinema. The scene was able to make me laugh, win me a very sweet novel and make me grin how clever the director was. I give this movie 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for those who believe in the criterion as well as me, and plans to buy it. Among the Criterion drives I currently own, Le Million contains the least amount of features. All he has is a photo gallery (not so useful; you can scroll through it once) and a rare television interview with director Rene Claire. This part is of some interest. He was one of the many directors who began in the silent film, and when the walkie-talkies first appeared, he said that they represented the death of the film. I think most movie-savvy people understand what these directors meant when they said it, but it's interesting to hear how he explains it. Also, if you read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, note that they were mistaken in one important respect: not every line in the movie is sung. In fact, it contains no more songs than a regular musical. In fact, this is more like a movie of Chaplin, Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My critique of the disc is not so important. Hell, Criterion has the right to slap me for these complaints. The fact is that their people probably spent hundreds of hours preparing the film, which only 20 voted for (now 21!) People on imdb, and only about a hundred people, if any, ever, will see the movie. Gosh, if you look at the Criterion website, Le Million is nowhere to be found. I have no idea why not. This is something to be truly proud of (of course, their website is surprisingly awful). They did a great job on this movie. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can give them!
