Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who is just starting to do some kind of social work, goes to help an elderly semi-catatonic woman Emma (Grace Zabriski) after her previous watch-sister Yoko (Yoko Maki) disappears. Soon, Karen learns that something is wrong in Emma's house, and she tries to "see how the rabbit hole goes deep." <br /> <br /> It is possible that the delayed influence of the success of M. Night Shyamalan’s films, but slow, understated horror films is a recent trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works remarkably well, and in others, such as White Noise (2005), stimulation tends to kill the film. I didn't really like The Grudge, like Hide and Seek, but this is still a very good movie - it earns 9 out of 10 from me. <br /> <br /> Grudge has a couple of significant differences from other recent examples of this trend, however. First, it is well known that this is a remake based on the Japanese TV series, which began with Ju-On (2000) (in particular, it is very close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3) . since 2003). Secondly, as in many Japanese horror films, the slower pace here is not so much in the realm of realistic drama, as in surrealism. As in the case of a large percentage of European horror, The Grudge should be viewed more as a nightmare shot. <br /> <br /> Directed by Takashi Shimizu, also the director of five Japanese performances in the Ju-On series to date (the fifth is currently in production), and writer Stephen Suskou largely did without linearity and was not too concerned about logic or holes in the plot when it comes to the horror underlying the story. Instead, the idea is to present a scene similar to a dream, with the logic of sleep, where the focus is on the atmosphere, eeriness, the supernatural, and for many viewers - fears. How well the film works for you will largely depend on how well you can adapt or get used to this different approach to making a film (although, admittedly, some of the seeming gaps are filled with previous recordings in the series). Traditionally, American viewers are seen as flaws that leave the threads of the plot hanging and abandon the "rules" for the "monster." A more poetic, metaphorical, surrealistic approach to the film has not yet been adopted by the mainstream in the United States. <br /> <br /> However, even if you are not used to it, you should try to suspend your usual prejudices about films and give The Grudge a chance. This is a well-written, well-directed, well-played film, filled with unusual properties, such as the story, intertwining a large number of “main characters” (which is better than the more episodic Ju-On 3), good cinematography, delicate production design (see Gellar's clothes, which correspond to the color and texture of the exterior of Emma's house, when Gellar first approaches), and beautiful showy horror material. <br /> <br /> Even though this is a slower pace. With your usual horror movie of the past, tempos usually increase the eeriness, and there is no lack of bizarre events to entertain horror fans. The supernatural premise of the film absorbs, and, based on interviews on DVD with Shimizu, pushed me to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Although the most interesting subtexts may arise with a deeper knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to think about why many Japanese horror films depict scary children and adults, similar to scary children. <br /> <br /> I deducted one point for the film, slightly deviating towards a clichéd puzzle / thriller with the recollection of "this is what actually happened", but even this was done quite well, and otherwise it would be 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Now that I have said all of the above, let me finish with a mini-rant: I am not against the remake, but it’s funny that American distributors and studios think that we need remakes of foreign films in order to make them suitable for consumption. The original versions of these films should simply be widely represented in US cinemas. There is no need to present an almost identical film, but simply to replace white American actors with non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a wonderful film, but in the end, I would prefer to see something original using this talent and relate to the latest foreign horror films - not only Japanese, but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese, etc. in my multiplex. In the hope that someone who has a certain popularity in the studio will read this, it is also more cost-effective, because (1) you can completely avoid production costs and simply enter into distribution transactions within the country from which you make a profit, and (2) You can make money with fans like me, who would otherwise buy DVDs with foreign films in foreign or even bootleg versions.
