They say that David Lynch’s films and shorts will not please everyone. Neither will Dumland, perhaps more than ever. I have a feeling that Dumblend, as people are faced with this, will be a true “I understand” or “what the hell” sign. This is definitely not surrealism, but absurd to such an extent that there is no return. This is also very, very, very stupid. But in this nonsense there can be some kind of ironic intelligence that the creator knows so well how childish and disgusting it is, and this self-consciousness is a plus, not a distraction. <br /> <br /> These are just roughly painted shorts — ones that may not even appear on the animated show of Herzfeld and Judge (which, I could add, Lynch has a lot in common with both directors in their work focused on viewing with IQ 20, which has a wife and child constantly trembling with fear, who looks like a cross between a gingerbread man and / or a foreigner. gal lucinations and just wallowing on the couch with noise around. All this time, Lynch is still experimenting, as he was constantly in a better or worse position during the five-year period he did on the Inner Empire and beyond. <br /> <br / > First, he returns to the roots of his very first short story, “Six Figures, Sick Six Times,” in which repetition is used to mean the end. It sometimes works painfully well and sometimes it does not. Sometimes as in the episode with sitting around the house doing nothing, when the teeth are bleeding and the fly is buzzing around, the absurd look builds up and disappears without much effect. And even an episode like a boyfriend’s friend comes is more fun - to compare Bevis and Butt-head (both laugh like idiots and are equally absorbed in killing things like fish and sheep). The result is how Lynch shows advanced delusional abstractions, in the most brutal ways imaginable, and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> In the closest thing to surrealism in “ants,” a guy accidentally sprays an insect spray on himself (called “Kill,” one of Lynch’s very cheap but funny kisses at public meetings) and suggests ants in the music choir, including solos. And one of the scariest fun things I've ever seen from a director is “take a stick,” where we just see how a guy, encouraged by his son, gets a stick in his mouth. Soon the neck breaks, his eyes pop out, and as soon as he said that the stick was removed, he was not observing the movement, making his way as the hatch cover. Other moments pop up like this in unexpected cracks, and it is drawn as if on cheap paper with a shock to shock the abusive language (mostly from a person, as well as from the "grandmother", which is one of Lynch’s voices for the characters - the deepest ), and a shaky quality that resembles the cream of the crop from (early) Herzfeld. <br /> <br /> However, I am still not sure that Dumland is something I would like to put in someone’s hands if they haven’t seen Lynch, let alone anything. There are some small points of view on society, made through complete exaggerations, which may or may not be in Lynch's consciousness closer than we usually think to those in real life. However, in general, not so much that should be read in this, so I would say that more than half who see will hate it with passion. Those who dig the bottomless pits of a cartoon comedy, be prepared to experience an explosion.
