Dominic (Nicky) Luciano wears a Hulk T-shirt and leaves every day to fulfill his duties as a scavenger. He uses his physical strength, collecting alien garbage and dragging him to the city dump. He reads comic book stories, loves wrestlers and wrestling. A trip to Wrestlemania with their twin brother Eugene on their birthday is an annual tradition. He kindly talks to many people with whom he communicates during the day. He reads comics, which he finds in the trash can, with a little boy, which he often passes while on the trash. Unfortunately, Dominic’s ability to use his mind is decreasing. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominic’s disability resulted from a head injury, as a result of which he received a head injury. This injury left him slower, although it did not change his main characteristics as a strong person who helps protect others. Dominic is actually more able to live independently than he may seem at the beginning of the film. He lives with Eugene, who is studying for a doctor. Dominic provides the main source of income, while Eugene does not study. Eugene must acknowledge the fact that he must continue his education in another city, and that he must leave Dominic. Eugene also develops a novel, which begins to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film tells about domestic violence and how it can affect individuals, families and society as a whole. The tension that escalates between Eugene and Dominic, when Eugene realizes that he must eventually leave Nicky, who exploded on their birthday. Eugene shouts at Dominic and throws him against the wall. At this point, Eugene must confront his own fears of being like his abusive father, the father from whom Dominic defended him, while he himself became a victim of violence. This event strengthened the love between the two brothers, who have since become best friends. Although they needed each other, they also needed independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they must break up has become a real emotional strain. However, by the end of the film, Dominic can say goodbye to his brother and wish him good luck. Eugene can leave his brother with the confidence that he began to create a social network of people who care about him and help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominic becomes a witness to the abuse of his friend, he is forced to face his own injury. In this state of extreme stress, Dominic turns off almost completely. Then he runs behind the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. Upon learning that the boy is dead, he encounters an abusive father, who, fearing his testimony, tells him that he has not seen anything, knows nothing and says nothing, and that if he does, he will kill him. Now that his own life is in danger, he goes and finds the gun that Larry used to kill the rats. He follows the deceased boy and, at gunpoint, kidnaps the child of the grieving family. He runs off the stage and hides in the building. When the police surround him, Eugene enters the building to talk with his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominic’s disability, and they return the child. Then the abusive father wields his own weapon, threatening to kill Dominic, but Eugene stops him, and Dominic tells the crowd that he saw his father throw his son down the stairs. <br /> <br /> The problem of dysfunctional behavior comes to the fore. Although Dominic's instinct to save a child can be understood, we also see how destructive this answer is. Dominic put the child in serious danger of life and his own life. The great public consequences of these events are not directly related, but rather are shown through the end of films. Despite a more optimistic ending, another sequence of events may have simply occurred, in which Dominic is accused of stealing and storing firearms. It is hard to believe that this is completely ignored. Moreover, even if Dominic is not charged, there may still be stigma in the society, and not the fact that not a single one had happened before these events. Instead, the film shows that we must be able to recognize problem behavior and act to curb it. <br /> <br /> Dominic and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as another film, Rainman, which received 5 Academy Awards. Although Reinman was an accomplishment and helped improve visibility for people with disabilities, it can be argued that Dominic and Eugene give more valuable lessons to society. Whereas, Reinman demonstrated that the dominant American society could learn and care for the "scientist" if the "scientist" is the heir to a large estate. Dominic and Eugene show that a person with disabilities could care and help save members of American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities could have been too strong in 1988. We hope that someday the society will see the strengths of people with disabilities not as a threat, but as an imperative for the strength of society.
