I collect horror movies from all over, and I have seen good and very bad ones - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Of course, the acting is bad, the storyline is basically a mix of all the zombie films combined, and the quality in some places is low. What you seem to lack is that it’s still interesting and really great fun. The effects range from, as someone here said, a pasty-faced zombie that looks like KISS rejects to really good ones with some amazing work with latex. But the reason why you buy a film with such a title is in the blood, and this film is amazing in this area. The effects are very good for such a small film. Someone called it a party film, and that's it. 100% fun movie party. I heard from various websites that this is actually a “draft” of the film, which received a general release, but the real “directorial clip” is being released on DVD, and this is very good quality. I will buy it and will judge for myself. <br /> <br /> The story basically lies in the fact that the nuclear power plant is deteriorating and making zombies. The government closes it, hides the history and sanctioned buildings to be built over it. Part of the plant is still underground, and these undead rise and attack the area. Several actors do an excellent job, there is a fairly straightforward social commentary, which is insightful and truthful, good music, excellent lighting, some effective expectation, and tons of blood and diseased blood. One guy is attacked and pulled out of the bottom, if you know what I mean. Then his guts are pushed out of his mouth. The other was torn in half, as in Day Of The Dead, and they did an excellent job with it. There are a million bloody gags, and this is almost ALL action. I say, stop being a bigot, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat market. Two great epic undead. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just got a DVD set, and this is what I thought: <br /> <br /> Much better picture quality, and this time I was able to see the real film of the director, and this is a much better film. I used to like it, but now I see what Todd Sheets really tried to do with it. And the comment also helps when Sheets tells in detail about the film, he knows that this is a cheesy film about zombies, but he respects all the people involved. Sheets also have a great sense of humor and some modest honesty that others can learn in the field of cinema. Behind the scenes, Zombie Bloodbath is also quite fun. I felt that it was almost as interesting as the film for which it was made. There are some great interviews and backstage scenes mixed with movie news from major places like CNN, FOX and MTV. In general, a funny little movie that is VERY rude around the edges, but still made me laugh and enjoy the ride! I have seen a lot of DV movies and a few videos, and many of them are pretty boring, but this really wasn’t. Although the new DV movies are technically superior to them, they are just not that funny! <br /> <br /> ps - I heard that they are now reworking it with a big budget ???
