I just got my copy of this two-disc DVD and, although not perfect, I found that a common experience is a fun way to waste time. I must immediately say that I am a big fan of zombie films, and I truly believe that the good people who made these films should also be. I also have a weakness for people who, despite everything, are trying to make their dreams come true. And again, these people do it. Is this some award-winning collection of amazing films? No, even close. But for what they do on their meager budget, these films should be recommended. For me, the essence is always whether I was entertained? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here the answer was "Yes." The first in the series is also the most raw. It starts with some kind of accident at a nuclear facility, and people are melting or something like that. A few years later, in place of the old reactor, a new housing community is being built. Some children who shoot video fall into a hole and become trapped in the lower levels of the building. They are saved, but the hole is not closed, and people from the hole begin to fall out of the hole. Soon the whole city overtook the undead. And these zombies are funny. They go from a cool rotten makeup to the cheapest slap on a white face, but they are funny. The whole film ends with a clash between the last survivors in this area and the undead, when our heroes go to the lower levels of the reactor to destroy the flesh-eating zombies and permanently seal the hole! Pretty silly, but I think it should have been. However, he moves very fast, has a lot of terrible effects and really tries to have some kind of style. The acting game is uneven, but shines through some good performances, and it is really worth listening to the track with comments. I went back and watched it again and found that it was good information about the trials and fun that the film crew and the actors experienced in the film. Director Todd Sheets seems to be very proud of his first film, but also has no illusions. He knows that this is a disgusting zombie film, but he respects the people involved in it. Sheets also have a great sense of humor and some modest honesty that others can learn in the field of cinema. Behind the scenes, Zombie Bloodbath is also quite fun. I felt that it was almost as interesting as the film for which it was made. There are some great interviews and backstage scenes mixed with movie news from major places like CNN, FOX and MTV. In general, a funny little movie that is VERY rude around the edges, but still made me laugh and enjoy the ride! I have seen a lot of DV movies and a few videos, and many of them are pretty boring, but this really wasn’t. While new DV movies are technically better, they are just not fun! In general, this is a solid, albeit slightly erroneous, release with a large number of supplements and tons of blood and spray. Without violating any grand rules for creating movements, I found the series fun and always laughing, so I give this set a firm recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to make art, the award-winning guys, he tried, sometimes against all odds, to joke with a zero budget, insane horror, and to this end he succeeded in the peak.
