So, Todd Sheets once said that he considers his 1993 Z-epic film Zombie Bloodbath, shot on video, to be his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty named Zombie Rampage knows for sure how wrong this statement is. I mean, what makes this option much better? Well, again, Zombie Rampage doesn’t include this guy, now so? <br /> <br /> To understand why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered to be hell, you need to remember what the 90s were for horror lovers. A decade that almost said goodbye to B and Z-cinema as we knew it. Technological advances, clumsy trends and the Internet would destroy the mysterious charm of the great man's golden years. And everything that vaguely resembled a quality sloka, was too self-conscious for his own good, was largely defeated by the goal. Fortunately, not everything changes with time. Log in to Zombie Bloodbath. <br /> <br /> And I think this is the part where I explain the same premise from 500 other zombie movies in the last 40 years. So, an accident at a nuclear power plant infects everyone who can be seen turning them into meat-eating zombies, enraged, causing some of the most horrible, but at the same time funny blood scenes from the 90s. The first 20 minutes are full of the most awkward conversations you can imagine. The conversations that make you understand that this is not just a low-budget zombie film, but a Z-class disaster, man. a lot of hysterical, non-existent acting, and for Mr. Mallet it will triple. This guy really is a highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets seriously believes that the Zombie Bloodbath is REALLY superior to the Zombie Rampage does not bother me. I mean, in fact, both are complete jokes about celluloid, but again, like Redneck Zombies, so obviously Todd Sheets is in a cool society. By 1993, this bad film would undoubtedly become a complete deception, but Mr. Sheets stands his ground, giving us some good old fashionable slok, which he should have been, unaware, stupid and senseless. God bless Todd Sheets. For those looking for a remarkably decent B-Horror of the 90s, Leif Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of your list. As for the Zombie Bloodbath, if you are a hound that was bored somewhere in 1990, then the 93rd year will be the ideal time for selection. 8/10
