One of my most beloved and horrible horror traits, created in the genre of “so ridiculously, lousy, that everything is absolutely cute,” and stinko nickel'n'dime is a monstrously terrible miracle that was released by Crown International Pictures' amazingly prolific exploitative outfit so that he could play numerous stupid double accounts with countless runs in the 70s and eventually become insane again and again at several small secondary cable stations during the 80s. Naturally, I first saw this monstrous abomination on night television on one fateful Saturday night when I was a teenager, and since then he has deeply rooted, though completely irrational, constant love. <br /> <br /> A meteorite falls from the sky and cuts into the quiet waters of a quiet country lake, as a result of which the sleeping dinosaur egg hatch. Of course, baby Dino is immediately transformed into a giant, grumbling, grunting, gnashing tooth of a prehistoric hippopotamus with blunt flippers, elongated neck and a huge mouth full of small sharp, jagged, stalagmite shomperov. Our male male south-roasted cousin of the Loch Ness monster quickly begins to chop up various unfortunate local yokels in a previously quiet and sleepy settlement. It's up to crappy resistant Sheriff Richard Cardella, which helps painfully stupid comic relief with fools of hay, brotherly governing duo Glenn Roberts and Mark Saygela, furious gallop Casey Cobb and finally tasteless boring scientist Bob Hyman to get to the bottom of things before the huge voracious return the Jurassic period destroys the tourist trade, eating all the rest and fishermen, from which makes money. <br /> <br /> Director / co-writer William R. Stromberg demonstrates surprisingly sorrowful and thoroughly ignorant incompetence when it comes to stimulation, atmosphere, tight narrative construction and, especially, revealing a sound credible from his hopelessly all-encompassing cast. theatrical level of the amateur community. The performances are equally pitiable: Cardell is too soft and wooden to play her as a heroic hero, while Roberts and Siegel’s pitiful crazy comic antics provoke the moans of a weak jaw — you do not laugh at these two brutally robbing lumps as much as them, especially when unbearable fools find a severed head bouncing in muddy lake water. Even better, a clumsy, integrated storyline about an evil criminal in freedom leads to a spectacularly locked scene in a supermarket that turns into a funny, idiotic mini-slaughter when a young lady shopping in the middle of a robbery! The subsequent car chase is also very confused; it is so reckless and not impressive that you feel more relief than fright when a monster suddenly appears to devour a vile fugitive. Moreover, David Allen’s funky-jerky animated dinosaur Stop Motion is a true grim article projecting a certain coarse charisma, a vile reptilian personality and a strong overall presence on the screen, due to which all horribly suppressing human characters seem worthless to anyone. compared. As for the inspiring conclusion that the sheriff with the help of a bulldozer takes over our working little animals, the operative word for this exciting confrontation is boffo.
