I can’t say more about this movie than all the comments on the first page, except for - as Jesse says - "these are berries." All the commentators on the first page wrote eloquently - almost as much as the dialogue in this film. This may be one of those illusory things that we hear so much about, but as a rule, actors who hand out the lines do it: a wonderful script. Perhaps Robert Redford strictly supervised the actors / actresses during the filming of this film, so as not to lose all the beauty of the story. <br /> <br /> I also attended church when I was very young and in my late teens. The pastor of the church spoke very eloquently and quietly, like Rev. Macklin in his church. In itself, this is a completely different picture, depicted in the southern Baptist churches - in my church there is no holy Catholic church. It was a big church, in which there were many different programs to take a meeting. Perhaps the most inspiring was the music department with a huge choir and almost classical hymns. Also Sunday evening meeting was almost completely younger than the people. Do you even know that it was once safe to go to church on Sunday evening? How I wish it was still! Watching “The river passes through it” is very similar to how you will hear an excellent sermon in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As it was already written so beautifully, the sermon for this film - the beauty of Montana in outer space - but there are no rocket mines there either? Fly fishing or any other activity that brings family members together for a happy life and a deep understanding of each other becomes a blessing. Although you see some of the darker aspects of life, the simplicity of this story leaves a lasting impression in your heart if you allow it. Speakeasies and prostitutes are balanced by simple gatherings of old-fashioned, public picnics, as this film contains - in heavy contrasts with modern families taking their children to Disney Land for shrill pleasures and calling it a "day together." There is nothing wrong with that, but, as the River shows, some of its silent beauty could do nothing but make life richer. This is the third film that I saw in which Tom Skeritt (?) Plays the father, played all the different styles and brilliantly. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, mostly unknown talent, with the exception of “Thelma and Louise” and “Meet Joe Black”, and all the actors deserve many awards. Little fairy tales will receive from me 10 out of 10 for any film with violence, obscene vocabulary, disgrace and "action". I mean, in particular, “Crash” and most of the films “Arnold”. What a savior for the world this film.
