(There are not so many spoilers, since there is no need to reveal the plot, but still, I think I will describe some of what is happening like this ...) That's all. This is the most meaningless movie I've ever seen. There are no words to describe this film, although “fancy”, “funny” and “ego-journeys” are quite close. the first half hour or so is really, very strange music videos, with absolutely no plot or continuity, except that MJ falls into some of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this part of the “film” in the section where MJ controls the plane with the carousel through what appears to be half the watermelon entry, discards and cut pieces from the Yellow submarine (dear lord, you could not make it up). <br /> <br /> Then, a little more than an hour later, the “film” begins, in which there are many clay particles (some of them are really creepy), which notice our “hero” and chase it in search of an autograph. Obviously, this is somewhat worried about our still dumb (devaluation of songs) management, and he manages to temporarily lose them. Fortunately for him, because it means that he can witness a falling star, and, again, I do not invent it, turning into a clay rabbit. He uses this clever disguise to get through them, but for reasons I can't remember right now, they see through it (oh no!), And the creepy chase begins again. Give another song (big shock). <br /> <br /> Soon after the end of the chase, MJ somehow revives the rabbit until it is ravaged by the policeman (in the middle of the desert), because it is to dance there, apparently, illegally. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is as strange as the main points, including the fact that the DOJ clears the bar to the Smooth Criminal melody, including shooting a man with a finger, not just kill the guy, but burn his shadow in the wall, like nuclear fission weapon. Another good point is that MJ, seeing Mr. Big (Joe), what the hell happened to his career at that moment? Sands) kidnapped one of the children with whom he was friends, magically created a submachine gun, and at another point in the violence that pepper this film, it would seem at random, opens fire on everything that moves. The last point I’ll mention is when MJ is surrounded by Mr. Big and his private army. Seriously, dozens of people work for this guy, and they are decorated more like a commando, and not like gangsters, I think. How does he get out? Why he turns into a robot, complete with weapons and a shield. This is the third of the four transformations that he does, almost always, when he is cornered and / or on the run. <br /> <br /> This film is pretty, quite surreal, with few plots and almost no continuity.
