Mr. Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. His short films, that is, music videos, are simply the best. I don’t care if I get a sane sci-fi function from this person, but I don’t care to get a mix of his crazy dances, screams, cool crowd choreography, as well as some CGI and animation. There should also be several continuous videos. Everything I mentioned is here. Stupid conspiracy and excessive vanity fair is not a problem when I see Mr. Michael Jackson in action. For me, he will always be the best king of music videos (and not the “king of pop”, which sounds idiotic, especially for us Russians, because “pop” sounds like the Russian word “donkeys”, and MJ is definitely not “king donkeys" ). I can re-watch his best music videos (which are artistically beautiful), and I will never get tired of them. <br /> <br /> My first impression from this film was “What is this ...?” (Bits of different video, some drawn images, disturbing transitions from one topic to another, the absence of any cohesive plot and some children are fooling around, etc.), but while I watched it to the end, I could say that it was great and really nothing like what is being shown on TV now. this is something that he never shows shameful material and can easily be seen by children. <br /> <br /> Without Mr. Michael Jackson, the universe of music videos would be quite scarce. Even the best classic videos of other artists cannot come close to an energetic hyperbole of musical madness MJ and artistic quality. He knew how to attract an audience of different ages, and he knew how to remain a person with moral principles. <br /> <br /> When I see the right release of the DVD from the video of Mr. Michael Jackson, I know that he deserves to be bought even if some clips have already appeared in some other previous release. “HIStory I”, “HIStory II” and “Moonwalker” are all great, although only “Moonwalker” looks more like a single film (with a solid “Smooth Criminal” theme, a “paparazzi” theme and several strange fakes and turns)). <br /> <br /> Without being a fan of MJ, I can still give this “film ... like no other” solid 9 out of 10 (I was definitely struck by the “Smooth Criminal”, and my main complaints are as follows: fragments of the film could have been dropped, while the main “anti-drug campaign of MJ” should have given more “insane madness and stress”, and, of course, there should have been more “sleepwalking”). Thanks for attention.
