Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, in fact, Thriller was the first music video I've ever seen. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was like God to people, a time when women fainted at the sight of him, before losing consciousness, before they saw him, sorry Michael. But Moonwalker was a tribute to Michael’s success at the time when he released his famous album Bad, which was a record one, the first album in which there were 6 top ten singles. Michael is an incredible artist, no doubt he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to acting skills or maintaining a story right with his audience? not so much. <br /> <br /> We start quite simply: Jackson's music, life, career, success and mania, which was the biggest star of the 80s in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a gangster in the style of the 30s who uses his powers as a criminal to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to be near the children, we cut him playing in the field with the children and their dog. The dog runs away, and in search of her, Jackson and the children reveal the lair of Mr. Big, Frankie Lideo, a drug trafficking thug, with an army of minions who want the entire population of planet Earth to be addicted to drugs, starting with children. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the children, but they run away; Jackson tells the children to meet him at the club of the 30s, which, as it turned out, has become a haunted nightclub, abandoned since the 1930s. The story goes back to the assault of gangsters on Jackson, and here it turns out that Jackson is actually a magical gangster who draws strength from falling stars. Passing by the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and mows several minions of Mr. Big. In the clubs of the 30s, children are told, and at first the children are afraid, but when Jackson appears, the terrible atmosphere of the club changes, and the children end up in the 30s. The club is now filled with duets and swing dancers. Jackson is involved in a dance match with other members of the club, which serves as a music video for the "Smooth Criminal". In the midst of the song, Mr. Big besieges the club and kidnaps one of the children, Katie. Jackson follows them back into Big's lair and is surrounded by his minions. Mr. Big appears and mentally torments Jackson, threatening to introduce Kathy to drugs that cause heavy addiction. While Katie manages to just take Joe Sands glasses and break free of the injections, Mr. Big decides that he has had enough, and orders his people to kill Katie before finishing off Jackson, but not before the falling star flies. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all of Mr. Big’s soldiers. Yes, um, do you want more weird stuff? Watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker pleases the first half hour, seeing the success of Michael and all his hard work, which makes his fans appreciate him again. Is it mainly to promote his album? Yes, I like the way he spends the first 25 minutes praising how cool he is, and then we turn to his song called “Leave Me Alone”, which looks a bit hypocritical, not that this is not a great song, just a small turn of events, then when we missed the indecent game, the story was incredibly weak: the villain says his name out loud, while Michael and Katie spy on him, laughs, Michael suddenly turns into a transformer, big plan monster villain - make children high? Also, the villain has some kind of massive ray gun that would make Marvin Marcins blush. But if there is something new that is incredible that the film gives us, this is a new video for Smooth Criminal. This music video is perfection, this is choreography, this is a production, this is a song, this is a sleek style, Michael is always beyond perfection, and the Smooth Criminal was incredible. I used to love Moonwalker as a child, and still watch it for fun, but this is not the best movie, it's pretty stupid, but it's still good if you're also a Michael Jackson fan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
