SAPS AT SEA is Gary Cooper's SOULS AT SEA word game. The name accurately describes the main team, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who go on an ocean trip to calm Ollie's nerves, only to face the runaway killer Nick Granger. Richard Kramer played this criminal at the same time funny and frightening, which makes him the perfect backdrop for the comic characters "Boys". Despite his powerful presence, Kramer never exaggerates the Boys, a tribute to the seductive charisma of Stan and Ollie. So it should be, because in this film it is assumed that the guys are the main characters. <br /> <br /> Such is the charm of the characters Laurel and Hardy, that they pick up the average material. For SAPS, AT SEA has its slow points. For example, as the previous commentator noted, a little bit, where the doctor (delightfully agitated by James Finlayson) tries a ball called the “lung tester” on Ollie, lacks a beat. The scenario is very sporadic, with the first part taking place in the Boys' apartment, which is almost completely unrelated to the second part, where they go to sea. But in general, the film is a very pleasant entertainment with a fairly short display time, so that it does not wear out, it can be welcomed. <br /> <br /> There is some concern when viewing the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and the producer. Hal Roach. I have not seen all the Laurel and Hardy films since 1940, but the ones I saw do not match even the weakest Hal Roach products. In these later films, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in a foreign environment, devoid of such bright supporting players as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hateley and the brisk musical scores of Leroy Schild. They are also not good-natured and optimistic jokers whom we know and love, but in later films they either annoy the boobies or pathetic losers. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that many of Hal Roach's Laurel and Hardy films are now completely unavailable to the public. Even in a minor record, such as SAPS AT SEA, one can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. It was because Hal Roach, for the most part, allowed Stan Laurel, the team leader, to complete creative freedom. As soon as Laurel lost its autonomy in other studios, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
