This is my third comment, in which I try to connect two legendary comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The link here is 1940. This is the date when the latter had the last film from Hal Roach's long-time home studio. I will mention the meaning of the latter later. Besides the fact that Stan and Ollie last worked at Lot of Fun, they also last performed with such familiar players as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson, who appeared in most of their films. This is also the last time that Art Lloyd acted as their operator and Marvin Hatley, who composed their themed song, which will be known as “The Dance of the Cuckoos” - their score. And this will be the last time Stan Lorel is allowed to exercise full creative control over what happens in the film. If in this L & H movie there is a more gagged structure than usual, it's nice to know that most of these gags are really fun. This includes most of the sound and visual effects, the last of which was provided by a long-time employee of Roach Seyright. In this case, Ollie has an “mountain phobia” when he works in a factory with noisy horns, so Dr. Finlayson prescribes to go to sea for a rest. Ollie does not like to ride a boat, so Stan offers to rent the one that stands in the dock so that they do not have to go anywhere. After they find what they like, we find out that convict Nick Granger (Richard Kramer) has just escaped ... I’ll stop here and say that it was such a good ending for the old L & H house could hope. It's fun, mostly from start to finish, and knowing that this will be their last, because the person who is partly responsible for combining them is really keen when you think about it. Oh, and I want to mention a few more words: this is the last film about Harry Bernard who plays a policeman in the harbor after many years of meeting Sten and Ollie as a policeman, and Ben Terpin, a cross-eyed comic who was born in New Orleans is a couple of hours from my current hometown of Baton Rouge, whose second appearance in L & H was before, when he "married" boys in Our Wife. The last artist is especially relevant comic moment. Well, I mentioned 1940, when Stan and Ollie released their latest film from Hal Roach. It was also the first year when the comedy team, born in New Jersey, first appeared in her home studio Universal. The director of this film will be the same one who directed L & H at The Flying Deuces last year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. Postscript It was during this shooting that the script supervisor, Virginia Lucille Jones, had an accident involving a folded carpet. This incident caused Oliver "baby" Hardy to send her roses to her hospital room. They fell in love and got married on March 7, 1940. This continued until the death of Baba in 1957.
