He follows BLOCK-HEADS and A CHAMP AT OXFORD, two films that are hard to make. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - this is the last good comedy (unless one insists on JITTERBUGS or a friend from later films) that was shot by Laurel & Hardy. It's just a small film, without the insane destructive crescendo of BLOCK-HEADS or the striking gaze of Stan’s “real” personality in Oxford Jump, which you can revel in. At 57 minutes, it is shorter than the other two films a bit, but it's actually not bad. He just has enough time to hit the right notes. This is not so special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a horn factory. I suspect that in this sequence there was some influence of Chaplin (I recall a similar incident on the assembly line in MODERN TIMES only four years ago). Olly's nerves are finally broken, and he is furious. He goes home and (naturally) his roommate Stan doesn't help - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have it - a trombone). After beating the poor professor, Olli had problems with an incompetent cleaner / engineer (Ben Turpin in a good short form), and then he runs into his doctor (Jimmy Finlayson) and his nerve tester (a balloon that inflates when you push the air out of your stomach Ollie) Finlayson announces that this is a bad case of "orniphobia", and Ollie needs a vacation with plenty of quiet and goat milk. They end up going to the ship, but Ollie and Stan know nothing about the maritime deed - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat nibbles on the rope until it breaks and the ship sails. Also, unfortunately, on board is Richard Kramer, who escaped a dangerous criminal. It will not be a peaceful vacation. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (for example, CHUMP) could be three shorts: one at the factory, one at the apartment and one at the boat. Everyone would be successful short, and they all make a funny film - but stitching pieces together shows. There are some very funny moments in the film - the discovery of how Turpin's ineptitude causes various setbacks with water taps and stoves in the apartment; a random comment from building manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie passes by and asks for directions (“Can you help me find the basement?” Stan asks: “Of course you can't miss it - it's downstairs!” says Hall. who understands what a stupid comment he just made); and Kramer’s cruel treatment of two hostage slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Duffy" (hint at the Dean brothers from the teams of the St. Louis Cardinal of the 1930s - see Dan Daley "THE PRIDE OF SAN LOUIS"). Kramer makes the boys cook him food - and they make synthetic food (for example, spaghetti shoelaces) to make him sick so that he can be overcome. When he realizes what they have done, he forces them to eat their own food. Their reaction is brilliant. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not the same as the best films of Laurel & Hardy, but in general it is a good film and a good conclusion of the best years of their life. film career (1927 - 1940), when they were with Hal Roach. Over the next few years, before he appeared, the boys and Roach had serious production costs (OUR RELATIONS, where Stan was the producer of the film), artistic problems (scenes from SWISS MISS were cut out senselessly) and contractual arguments (leading Ollie appears with Harry Langdon in ZENOBII. Stan and Ollie struck back with Flying Wheels, in which the production was not Roach but Boris Morros. disputes and problems s - and on a high note the boys left the Roach Unfortunately, they never found any subsequent relationship with the producer of the film is just as satisfactory as it was..
