Spiderman, in my opinion, is the best superhero, and this game is the best game of superheroes. Although it can be quite easy, you will have to play it several times to get all the costumes and comic book covers that makes up for how easy it is to get through the game. At first, this may seem difficult to manage, but once you have mastered it, you will roam the web like Spider-Man himself. <br /> <br /> Bosses, like the levels, are pretty simple fun. The first boss, Scorpio, is incredibly easy to defeat, which should not be, because, as comic fans know, Scorpio is one of the most deadly spider-villains. The second boss, Rhino, is also very light. The third boss is Venom, which, in my opinion, is the easiest boss in the game, which definitely should not be. The fourth boss again is Venom. This time it's a little harder to beat, but still easy. The fifth boss is Mysterio, who I think is the funniest boss in a battle in a game. He is also one of the toughest bosses, but, again, still pretty easy. The next boss is Carnage, which, you guessed it, is easy to beat. But actually Carnage is pretty funny to fight. The seventh boss is Doctor Octopus, who, like all other bosses, is light, but not as light as others, because he has a shield. The 8th and last boss is exclusive to the game, never in comics or cartoons. I will not spoil it for you for those of you who have not played the game yet, but the boss is the only boss in the game that is not too simple. It took me 4 or 5 attempts to beat, while I beat the rest from the first or second attempt. <br /> <br /> In general, a very good game. I gave him 8 out of 10. The reason I didn't give him 9 or 10 is that as soon as you get all the costumes and comic book covers, it gets pretty boring (although getting all these things will take some time) It's not very precisely according to comics or cartoon shows, bosses are too easy, and they should have used Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as a boss, I think it would be fun to fight someone flying in the air! They did not use them in the continuation of this game! Well, the Green Goblin is a villain in the upcoming Spiderman movie, so I hope they make a video game based on the movie.
