Jacknif is a war movie that is as far from war as war movies. It can hardly be attributed to war films, because the only way to influence the history or the heroes of any war is their memories of it, and even this is hardly shown to us. This raises very interesting questions about life, especially that the film’s slogan says that only one of them is really alive (and, by the way, although the slogan only applies to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert De Niro), all three characters in the movie). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs came back to pick up Dave for fishing, which they had been planning for much longer than you might have guessed. <br /> <br /> De Niro perfectly demonstrates the character of Megs, whom we are not very sure about, whether we want this or that, and whether he really is just as crazy as Martha thinks. Dave reminds Martha several times that Megs is not his friend, but simply an acquaintance. At the beginning of the film there is a wonderful scene in which Megs came out to take six packs of beer from his car for breakfast, and he is just around the corner of the room when Dave says it. Megs pauses for a moment and then goes into the room with a smile and a huge greeting. Only later will you understand how Megs must have felt when he heard this, because it was he who remembered what he planned to do that day. It reminds me of the fake old “Of course, let's do this,” about which people so often talk to each other, never having plans to do something like that. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris has an excellent performance in the role of Dave, who has never overcome the aftermath of the war. Even so many years later, he failed to survive the death of a friend during the war, blaming himself for this to this day and, thus, drowning his life in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All that he wants, he says, is that people leave him alone. This is not a person who lives his life the way he wants, regardless of whether people actually leave him alone or not, he is a person trying to forget that he is alive in order to get the most out of the world of the living. <br /> His sister Martha reminds me of me, at least from the point of view of my roommates. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old, and both behave as if they are still living with their mothers, expecting their unrest to just go away when they leave the room for a while. One of them (the older one, unfortunately) has no idea how to care for himself, I am surprised that I do not need to wipe my chin while he eats. Martha must do the same for her brother, whom she waits with her hand and foot while he staggers through life from one hangover to another. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life, and none of them can get out of it until something changes, and Dave is the one who needs to change it. <br /> <br /> I usually complain about romance in movies where it's not as important as Roger Ebert complains about these pathetic little tension devices, red digital readings. But in this case, I don’t think that the novel that is developing between Megs and Martha has had some kind of negative effect on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it made it much more interesting, because it was not predictable. The problem with romantic plots in Bruckheimer films and the like is that they are so predictable that you are just waiting for an obvious end and hope that something interesting will happen along the way. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something will happen between Megs and Martha, because we do not know enough about Megs. Martha may be right about him, that he is one of Dave's crazy military buddies and that he is not the person she should meet with. Dave certainly supports this idea. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) A couple of years after this film, De Niro starred in Cape Fear, where he plays the abnormal criminal in revenge for the lawyer who put him in jail. Looking back, it’s pretty easy to think that maybe at the end Jacknif Martha realizes her mistake, gets rid of Megs, and she and Dave come up because he saved her from terrible relationships and then decides to clean up the mess. because he did something good for her. I was half expecting this to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs got together, and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asked Dave all the questions about what they planned to do after the war ended. <br /> <br /> At times this is a slow drama, but Jacknif is having fun along the way and in the end gets a huge return, which surprisingly manages to be juicy without being trashy. At the end of the film, there is almost an excess of emotion that hardly fits into the rest of the film, but it’s so good that it doesn’t drown out what the film has achieved so far. All participants give a great presentation, and this is one of those rare films that make you want to stand up and shake fists in the air in triumph.
