The combination of reading Novels and watching this movie inspired me and my wife to a new level. Recently, I reflected on a statement made by the artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspirational books; He states: “You and I were not meant to breathe the fetid air of the five-hour traffic. I also do not think that God meant banal television programs, media hype, useless purchases and soul pollution when he created the universe. ” “I didn’t see“ The River Flowing Through It ”a couple of years, but after thinking about Kincaid’s statement, something made me watch the film with a spiritual eye. I watched it and saw a completely new world of film, and it inspired me to read a book (be sure to read). I was always disappointed in Southern California, but somehow I ended up in its materialistic society. The film really shows how we should actually experience God's creations. The combination of McLean's story and my desire to return to the northwest forced me to move to Montana. I want my future children to travel around the neighborhood, fly fishing with me, ride horses in nothing but open country and serene lakes in the mountains. A place where you rarely worry about crimes. I look at SoCal, and all I see are shopping centers, rude growling people in their Mercedez halls, miles of vehicles on busy motorways, gangs, racial riots on the verge of a strong eruption, and everyone is skeptical about each other's intentions. <br /> <br /> In any case, the film is very inspiring with a brilliant game and a deep story about the fragile bonds of loved ones. This film has a lot of deep thought. The landscape is worth seeing alone and actually helps relieve tension. You must end this film calmly, but at the same time filled with ideas about your life. It takes a compassionate, intelligent, and spiritual person to truly understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and how the director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, scenery, camera angles / movements, etc. Then this film is probably not for the crowd who thinks: “Fast and Fast and the Furious "- the greatest film. Of course, it was entertaining, but superficial. <br /> <br /> Essence: this film helps to understand that life is not about how much money or what you have. Rather, it is about your relationship with family and friends and about the experience that you share together. QUALITY IS NOT QUALITY
