“Italian” is one of the best or almost great movies of 1915 available today. This year was a turning point for a feature film, especially in America: "Hypocrites" by Lois Weber, "The Deception" by Cecil B. DeMille, and, of course, D.V. The Birth of a Nation, Griffith set new guidelines for art. In addition, in the same year, Russian director Eugene Bauer made two of his best films: “After Death” and “Dreams”. The French TV series 'Les Vampires' also has its fans today, although I disagree with them. The appearance of the feature film was caused by Europe, mainly Denmark, France and Italy, but dominance in this market and, to some extent, art crossed the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> The most outstanding artistic achievement of the “Italian” is its amazing and often innovative cinematography. There are several scenic sunsets, a mobile setting, including a short corner shot of an Italian bus to buy a wedding ring, and another shot of him holding onto a moving car, and it’s usually wise to use different angles and lighting experience throughout . An especially amazing shot is that the Italian is furious when he slowly approaches the camera for an extreme close-up, in relation to D.V. “Musketeers of the Pork Alley” by Griffith (1912). He is so angry that his entourage even begins to tremble around his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately the cinematographer seems to be unknown. The director, although initially there was no merit in the film, it is now known that this is Reginald Barker Five or so of his other films made for Ince are also available today, but rather unremarkable. "Civilization" (1916), on which he worked, was a major production, but deeply vicious film. By the way, I would suggest that one or more filmmakers who worked on “Civilization” also photographed “The Italian.” <br /> <br /> In addition, at that time, all production was very advanced. Venice and New York are well drawn, despite the fact that the film is being shot in Los Angeles (for romantic Venice) and San Francisco (for the ethnic slums of New York). There are extensive memories, although maybe one or two is too much. I especially like the clever design of the story, which is read in the book by the character played by the same actor, George Beban, who is also the lead in the inner, main story. Reading the story is further briefly framed by opening at the beginning and closing at the end of the curtains, as in a theater, which is reflected in the internal history during the climax of revenge in the children's room, with the opening and closing of window curtains. Parallel editing, the iris dissolves in the camera, and these are processed expertly. In addition, Bebane and Clara Williams, like his wife, play their roles well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the “Italian” has several drawbacks. The early moments of the film comedy rather disharmoniously conflict with the last parts of the harsh and heavy melodrama, although environmental changes from romanticized Italy to naturalistic New York work well, mainly because it is supported by lighting and photography. The dramatic destruction of the American dream in this film, exacerbated by the harsh photography, must have been acute in relation to the classes of immigrants, who then made up a disproportionately large number of moviegoers. Corrigan's character should have foreseen more; his brief election campaign for another politician seems insufficient for his later role in the revenge of the Italians. In addition, the filmmakers were either medically naive or careless not to explain the lack of breastfeeding of the infant and the unfounded belief in the healing powers of calm for the other child. In addition to the flaws in the plot, “Italian” is exceptionally well made.
