Have you seen a graduate? It was hailed as a film of his generation. But the river flows through this story of all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's character was completely locked in the traps of a modern suburb, Norman Macklin and his brother Paul faced the same crushing pressure of growing up as they tried to find their place in the world. But how can a place like Montana after World War I be a showcase for an American family at a time when the Wild West has not completely disappeared? What did Macklin use, so deeply amazes us all and what should we go through to find ourselves? When the film opens, Norman is an old man fishing at a speeding river, trying to figure out how he went his own way. The film literally travels up his own stream of consciousness, against the flow of time and back when he was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were the sons of a Presbyterian minister and a devoted mother. Parents fit into their roles. Mom takes care of the house and the house. Dad does the work of the Lord. The boys think what they will be when they grow up. Norm narrowed him to a boxer or a minister like his father. Considering the choice, little Paul would be a boxer, as he said that his first choice as a professional angler does not even exist. Boys grow up and face trouble because of their pranks, they fight to see who is harder and do what the brothers do, all the time attending church and participating in all other spiritual matters, such as fishing for a fly. They are in such moments in their lives before college. But when Norm comes back after six years in Dartmouth, everything is completely different. Paul on top of his game. Master of anglers. A hail from the nearest college and a newspaper reporter who knows every cop in tact and every judge on the bench. Norman is amazingly well-educated for his day, but he has no idea what to do with his life, even though his father roasts him about what he is going to do. You have a feeling that, at least to the Pope, God will call you to the work of your life. But you must remain open and ready to accept it - all your life. The father always took his boys to meditate on the bank of the river and meditate on the eternal words of God. “Listen,” says their father. This is zen and quakerly. Pretty radical for a stoic priest. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and although the Mackliners are really God-fearing, listen to the Scriptures, how is it that the family of Rev. Maclin collapses? Sex is real perfection when he catches fish on the river, but he feels the attraction of gambling and drunkenness, while his family does not know how to prevent him from being where he seems to be moving. Mom, dad and brother seem to be equally quietly desperate, not knowing what they should do or why they cannot help. Paulie just waves it all with a smile and her irresistible charm. But the younger brother loses his hold. Norman begins to live his life, finds love and a career, but Paul continues to slide. The family who loves him looks helpless. Mom, dad, brother floundered in their own way, trying to help, but not very effective. How can a family that loves each other so much be so ill prepared to cope with it? How can someone be so cunning and full of grace when he is in the nature of God, yet still be somehow unfit or unwilling to fit into the structures of society that the peoples of God have created for themselves? These are all questions that Norman will ponder his entire life. Eternal words under the smooth stones of the river always pursue him, but keep their secrets. The film look beautiful. This is undoubtedly God's country, and Oscar defeated her on the set. Director Robert Redford plays with the story from the book and teases the story a little, following his emotional pattern, and it works well. But come back and read the book too. You will see that Norman has established a connection with his old man even deeper than the film has to offer, and you will see places where the words of the storyteller himself gurgle and sing directly from the page, teeming with the river that flows through it leading to the unknown.
