I read the story of Norman McLean, and this film fully commented on the work of Norman Maclean. My husband tends to reread it from time to time, and I read it myself, and the movie scenes come to mind all the time. We have videos of many Redford movies, and we watched "The River Flows Through This" many times. Redford is part of "Fammadily," as he is always there. We never get tired of Redford’s perception of Norman McLean’s writings and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me very much of my own upbringing, since my father had the same vocation as Mr. Maclean's father. According to “A river flows through it,” “Methodists are Baptists who can read,” lines, which, by the way, are not in the story, but I think this is a funny line! My husband and I are well-read Baptists! <br /> <br /> I heard a movie critic say that the pace of this movie is too slow. I disagree. As one of the quest for inner peace, it is a type of film that will make you contemplate the beauty of nature in the three / four rhythms of the metronome. The photo is outstanding! The game is great. I like the scene where Norman and Paul as a child talked and wondered if anyone could become a flycatcher or a boxer! While the adult Paul, played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven), is the “perfect guy” who needs help with alcoholism, but will not accept her. The same goes for Neal Burns, who uses worms as bait, he also needs help, but he will not accept the fact that he needs help. The scene where Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family must wait forever to say grace! Finally, after a few hours, they all kneel around the table to say, “Grace!” And they all leave. But the oatmeal remained on the plate! That scene where two love birds and their tattoos on their posters! This is ridiculous! Tan Back home, where Jesse Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go by rail! Excellent dialogue when Norman offers Jesse, because he wants her to come with him to Chicago! <br /> <br /> Redford himself does an excellent job as a storyteller. I could not help comparing Brad with the young Redford (Barefoot in the park). Appointed director, producer, actor, visionary, deserving of praise for his promotion not only in the cinema in the United States, but throughout the world. I am glad to live in nineteen hundred, because I saw the beginning of black and white television, movies and all technologies and special effects, to be able to watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford, because I had a chance to see his works. Redford does not need special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river for me means the line that separates life from death, memories and realities. Redford so beautifully shows the hands of the Creator, and the river flows through him.
