Coonskin is probably my favorite Ralph Bakshi movie. Like his best work, it’s in your face and not for a second ashamed of it, but unlike some of his other works (even when he is at his best, which was before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards), it’s not very uneven, despite the appearance of the opposite. Of course, Bakshi takes on stereotypes and perceptions of race, but, in addition, he shoots what appears to be a free film about exploitation; almost blasting, although Bakshi doesn't stop there. If it were just a blast using ingenious animation, this might be enough for an essential function. But Bakshi’s goals are higher: throwing these grotesque and exaggerated images of not only blacks, but also Italians / mafiosi, homosexuals, Jews, in general, New York type in the city blocks of Manhattan in the 70s, he is not going to do anything realistic. The most normal-looking painted by a “real” creature is, in fact, a naked woman painted in red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> Mocking these stereotypes and conventions and horrible forms of racism (i.e., “pitch”). - rabbit, baby "joke, yes joke, plus black face), we look at the abstraction to a large extent. And, best of all, Bakshi does not take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a film like Bamboozled. That's why For the most part, Coonskin is a fun work, where some images and things are made, and unexpected turns and, of course, scenes of awkward behavior (I liked the scene where they say three animated characters over a real white couple in tuxedos and colorful-looking dresses ", Etc.), just too much not to laugh These are not just images that themselves are incredibly “overly” stylized, but the fact that the script is sharp and, this time, is a key moment for Bakshi, he has a rather coherent narration to line up along with improvisations and madness. <br / > <br /> Using first live action, then animation, and then an extremely clever match of the two (ironically, what Bakshi later did in a commercial form with Cool World, is done here for T with less money and a rougher edge), Pappy and Randy are waiting outside the prison wall for a buddy to run away, and Pa Pi tells the story of Brother Rabbit, who, along with Brother Bear and Preacher Fox sent in Harlem and becomes a great bully Rabbit in direct conflict with the character of the Godfather Jabba the Hut, Esq. This is obviously the take-off of “Song of the South” with its deliberately happy plot and animation, here he understands and demonstrates how rotten and offensive he really is. <br /> <br /> Still, Bakshi makes concessions in a combination of forms; animated characters stand behind and move along with live backgrounds; when violence, gunshots and fights occur, it becomes as bloody as possible for 1975; when a dirty policeman is in a bar and gets drugs and puts on a black face and dress, he stumbles so that even Disney could not reach Dumbo; a boxing match with a brother bear and an opponent when the climax is lifted in the wild slow motion; from time to time, archival footage from old films appears, some of which from the 20s are simply tasteless. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick, or, more recently, South Park, Bakshi Kunskin acts primarily as entertainment and then thought - the second provocation. It is also daring filmmaking on an independent scale; everything from lengthy occasions to editing and infinitely deformed character constructions (however, they are all based on the theme of the play) serve the idea of ​​a scenario where the plot of a B-film opens up much more possibilities for interpretation. Call it racism is missing; it's like calling Dr. Strangelov for atomic desolation or the Confederate States of America for slavery. And, for me, this is one of the best satires ever made.
