After watching Walt Disney's "Song of the South" on MySpace, I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi's answer to this Afro-Video video, which I linked to Google Video. In this episode during the live-action militants, the Preacher (Charles Gordon) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to take Pappi (Skatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas) years before he professionally added Michael second name. as the last two escape from prison. During their attempt, Pappi tells Randy the story of Brother Rabbit (the voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (white) and preacher Fox (Gordon) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of these efforts of Bakshi, there is a mixture of animation and live action that provides a unique point of view for a writer / director who will certainly offend some people. Another exciting animated character is Miss America, a huge blond woman in all respects, dressed in tight red, white and blue stars and stripes that holds a little black man and shot him. of the most sexually cruel ways that were shockingly funny to me! There are many such scenes scattered throughout the picture, of which another one, concerning the anatomy of Brother Bear, also caused me a great laugh. There is also a part of the woman telling her child about the "cockroach" with whom she was friends, who left her, which concerned the part that seemed to be a tribute to comic artist George Herriman. I was also delighted to hear “Ain't No Sunshine” as part of Grover Washington Jr. as part of the score. The most compelling part of the picture was that Scatman himself was depicted with a silhouette on his head during an introductory credit sequence, singing and playing a song in which he uses a satirical N-word. When I saw the cover of this film on VHS a few years ago, he portrayed Brother Rabbit in an insolent mode before what looked like Warner's circles with the slogan "This film will insult ALL". This is a sufficient warning for those who believe that all cartoons are for children. Nonetheless, I definitely recommend Coonskin to fans of Bakshi and any form of animation.
