Awesome realization happens when some phenomenon happens !! Whether fireworks, leaving, witnesses to a robbery, a hurricane that casually destroys everything in its path, or, for that matter, any other impressive event !! In the case of the Macklin family, however, the “revelation” was something more complicated than their daily lives. At the beginning of the twentieth century in Montana was a rough and disorderly situation ... The Maclean family consisted of four people. people, father, minister, who was ideologically inclined to properly raise his family. His wife was God-fearing and obedient. Two boys were, well ... BOYS !! .. What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt starred in this film before he really became !! Brad Pitt, and his acting in this film was at least wonderful !!! .. His brother, Norman, was a cerebral type, he was touched by emotions that were genuine, and was motivated by the set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana agrees with !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a loser from the side and lived on the edge ... You might think that Montana had no such thing in the 1920s, but somehow gambling, drinking and violent clashes were the same part of Paul how was his fly fishing rod !! Fly fishing !! Did I say that? In brackets this was the core of this movie's theme! Fly fishing served as a link that homogenized the soul mates of the Macklin brothers and, to a lesser extent, the father! I would characterize the acting in this film as incredibly plausible, and the cinematography went beyond sensational. Let's just say that anyone who sees this movie will want to live in Montana. A stunning film about blue mountains and streams captured the youth. and churning out what the Macklin Brothers had for life ... Rarely in a movie do you witness what feelings immediately cause stubborn vitality to accomplish everything that can be, that someone wants the brothers to accomplish..The Macklin lived life to the full, and for better or worse, father knew that this would be the only way that two of them could become men !! ... Robert Redford directs this film and tells the story of MacLean from the point of view of Norman's older brother ... Norman is offered a job at the University of Chicago at the age of 26, and he marries a woman with whom he will always be in love ... That this film also points out that the younger brother Paul achieved success in itself, being the embodiment of a wonderful angler! The more severe side of life prevails in the existence of a younger brother and provides an insidious form of horror for the Macklin family !! As most human flaws show, the Macklin family lit up the stormy waters (literally) and, thus, established unity as a family, putting the necessary obstacles in the way !!! <br /> <br /> The end of the film “The River” Drives through it "represents the epigram of life through the eyes of an older brother. For Norman MacLean, stoicism is a prerequisite for perseverance in his well-deserved years !! tantamount to longing for people who have passed away! Pleasant memories of his brother, his wife, his mother and his father, must now be considered philosophically !! It’s as simple as the statement “It was your life, and that’s how you lived it” - a grim memory of the joy, sadness, regret and love he gave, and also the recipient !! Best of all in the last sermon he I heard from my father, his father said: "We can completely love someone without understanding him completely." Do you agree with what happened in your life or not, it still happened! Norman MacLean must understand that his life is fragmented by misunderstandings! Norman Macklin became a decrepit eighty-year-old who is polarized with virtual conclusions in his life !! The gloomy waters of the picturesque rivers of the Montana are the vicious and disgusting completion of his years on earth !! Without a doubt, the very fruitful statement “that which seems complicated is actually very simple” gives a very sharp message in this film ... Simply put ... People and places that were important in Norman’s life are now only bitter sweet memories ... just painfully intellectual reflection on events that are compounded by the haunted waters of the beautiful creeks and rivers of Montana ... To which, for the whole Macklin family, "all things merge into one and the river flows through it"
