There is a legion of haters Mick Harris who believe that he could not make a quality horror film if he had to. And the SLEEPWALKERS (.. script written by Stephen King) is often used as an example of this. I like the SLEEPWALKERS, although I’m fully aware that Harris just says F # ck, and lets the whole hell break out in about fifteen or so minutes of the movie. Forget about the development of the character or plot, who still need them. We are talking about violent lawlessness and bloody slaughter, when mother and son became couples of "lunatics" (.. cat-human beings, changing shape, sucking the life force from virgin innocent women moving from city to city, living a nomadic existence, really powerful) He aimed at a teenager who does not give up without a fight. Before everything is said and done, many will be killed, as the mother will not tolerate the possible death of her beloved son. <br /> <br /> Harris is wasting a little time training those who will be executed as a teacher (Glenn Shadix), suspecting the handsome, all-American charmer, Charles Brady (Brian Kraus), as a completely different person from argues, tears off his arm and breaks his neck. Charles lures the lovely virgins into his hands, drawing their energy, in turn “feeding” her hungry mother Mary (Alice Krieg). The new target is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and she seems to be easily chosen, but this will not take place, and when Charles is seriously injured in the fight (.. thanks to the deputy’s cat, Clovis), Mary will reap the revenge who will achieve his. Mary, damn it or full-flowing, will find Tanya in order to “refresh” her dying son. <br /> <br /> Like many teenagers, I fell in love with some actresses who I watched in movies. Like Amy Dolenz, I was smitten with Mädchen Amick. She is simply enchanting in this film, and I like the way she bites her lower lip, showing a clear attraction to Charles, unaware of his ulterior motives. I just knew that Mädchen Amick would be destined to be the cry queen, but that would never be the case. It is a pity, because I would greet her in this genre with open arms. <br /> <br /> Krige is a delicious, menacing, damn sexy, but nasty and mean bitch who kills all the police and poor Tanya’s parents in one fell swoop in less than ten minutes. She stabs in the back with a corncob! She bites off the fingers of poor Ron Perlman before breaking his arm (... protruding bone), knocking him unconscious with his own elbow! She throws Tanya's mom out the window, smashing a pink vase on her father's face! Charles (Kop-kebab!) Hit the deputy in the ear, dropping a pencil for an extra punch. Poor Tanya drags Mary from her house by the hair, brought to Brady's house, and is forced into an improvised dance with a mutilated monster! Sheriffs are thrown onto the fence, and we see how cats fight lunatics unlike humans. We see the ability of Mary and Charles to "dim" themselves and their car, using the power of invisibility. Writer Stephen King even finds time to include himself and his film director friends in a crime scene episode with Clive Barker and Tob Hooper as forensic officers, Joe Dante and John Landis as photography experts. <br /> <br /> The film was shot in a mocking manner, allowing all this to hang out with the music, appropriately beats this technique home. It's just ultra-violent, with some kind of abnormal behavior and black humor, complementing the direction of Harris and King's script. Incestuous corner of the lunatics is a little annoying and bumps into the face. Without the slightest complication, it is closer to the vein of the most insane MAXIMIMUM OVERDRIVE King than his more serious works.
