Batman and Superman. Iconic. The best part of a century. Who does not know these two? There must be countless fans who will die to make a film about them. Sandy Collor went further and put together a trailer for such a film (which does not exist and is not created, especially by this team). Perhaps this is most related to how polished it is. Throughout the cinema solid. Editing in place. Production values, even though the costumes are more like their comic counterparts than the films with these characters, are quite high. Looks quite like Hollywood, this trailer. As far as I can tell, physical types are suitable for each character. Strings are reasonably written. The frames are well thought out, well executed and quite effective. However, this has problems, and, despite the fact that he looks good, he doesn’t quite match the energy and skill of Grayson (who only had the problem of turning between the short and the trailer, and also as an unbridled passion that leads to a large number of characters and ideas). The game is perhaps the most obvious. This is not good. Even some of those who have only one line and / or not at all displayed on the screen can fail to achieve good performance. Cast actors appear to have been selected more for how similar they are to the characters they play, not their talent. Then there is the letter. In fact, the plot, well, what a tiny amount (this and this character unite, something like some kind of evil plot ...) is good. There is a problem in the characteristics. While most characters seem to fit, a two-faced person, well, almost as many as a giggling madman (which, as I understand it, is not at all that character) as he was in “Batman forever” (and had your work on the image of any element of the universe of Batman compared with the efforts of Joel Schumacher can be considered the greatest insult to the fan). In addition, the inclusion of this character will cause a comparison between this trailer and this film (to be honest, Collor almost "asks" him with such a similar initial show), and, let's face it, it loses all respect. Michael Antonik definitely has no such presence on the screen as Tommy Lee Jones, and the make-up (which, as mentioned above, is very important) is not as strong as in the film (regardless of whether it was good in the film). the film is another matter). The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be more into comic books, and to better understand their depth (not to mention that they have more opportunities to come up with a convincing story). Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films or more), it seems that Collor has access to funds and one who is more likely to have contacts (due to the fact that there are non-indie credits on his filmography) have a chance to make a real function out of your trailer. I'm going to see other works by Collora. But Fiorella is one of the two whose work I will most definitely be interested in. I recommend this to character fans. 7/10
