I will say this to begin with: ... Why, oh why, WB can't do what these directors do? Sandy is obviously a terrific director, and deserves some praise from WB and DC. But I believe that they are a little discouraged when a person with a budget of $ 12,000 can force superhero fans to start. “The Best in the World” is one of the best short films I have ever seen, trailer or not. <br /> <br /> I think the choice of bodybuilder (Mike O'Hearn) for playing Superman was a great choice. Let's face it, people, Superman is not a super model. He may be beautiful, but GQ Stud he is not. And I don't know what this guy is about a few comments above me, but Superman is actually pretty sassy (have you ever read the comic about Superman?). I suppose that this fact alone didn’t give a damn about me ... It seems such an obvious choice - to make someone who has real muscle mass play the Super Hero, and not in a pretty face. Same for Batman, Bartram in incredible shape, and great Batman ... I don't know, guys ... If we had a bigger budget and his own film ... I think Bale and Bartram would be Neck and Necks, The bottom line is that this is one of the few superhero films with actors that actually WATCH the role. <br /> <br /> Acting is pretty good too. I don't know what everyone is talking about, O'Hirn is not so bad. He's damn convincing as Superman, and Bartram ... Well, he's Batman. I mean, come on people, this film had a budget of 12,000 dollars, what did you expect? Everything else is great too, except that Two-Face seems a little crazy than usual ... But hey, we only have Tommy-Lee Jones as a reference. Oh, Lois is pretty hot too. <br /> <br /> SFX is also very cute. I mean, see Superman pick up the car ... MAN, how cool it is. Compared to the “tank” scene in Grayson, I may have to put this scene higher, because Mike actually looks like he is flying, and with ease. The sequence of flights left much to be desired, but again, with a large budget ... Oh, and he even used the Batmobile! (It may have been a Model, but it looked pretty damn convincing). <br /> <br /> In general, the only drawback of this trailer was the lack of a serious budget. And the WB refuses to admit that Collor is a trustworthy director, and you MUST be part of a project ... But no, they (like most Marvel projects) just continue to receive these hack directors, who have little respect for fans and that they are not indifferent, and continue to produce these gambling films. Thank God, “Superman Returns” was a hit, otherwise it would be the end. The best in the world is great, and in my book is considered a superhero movie.
