I heard about this movie when I watched VH1 "100 Most Metal Moments". In this segment, Gene Simmons (who played a cameo role) and several other respondents discussed how terrible this film is. Unlike most people, I am often more interested to learn about films with a reputation for being ridiculously bad than, say, a cinema masterpiece. The advantage of this attitude is half the time when I discover that films are far from being as bad as people said, and as a result I get them much more than I originally expected. It was my experience with "Trick or Treat". It’s hard to make a film about a teenager who receives messages from a dead heavy metal star, playing one of his old records backwards, without people mocking the premise. Of course, this is, of course, a strange premise, but it has never been done before! Give filmmakers points for originality for Pete's sake! If you want to buy a DVD without prior knowledge of the film, do not think that Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are stars. However, although Simmons has an ungrateful role, Ozzy has a funny cameo in the role of Rev (that's right, Rev. !!), who opposes heavy metal. First, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. And on the other hand, you can not help but laugh at the irony. Of course, this is a cheap shot, but effective. The game is pretty good. I found the performances convincing. Teenage characters are terribly cliche. So expect the usual array of athletes and nerds. And, as in each of these films, a pretty girl is a decent person who sympathizes with the alienated main character, but continues to meet with her boyfriend. Why does she come out with such a full jerk in the first place? Because the plot needs an obstacle. There is no other reason. But I can not deny that one of my wine pleasures is to watch the evil jokes in these films crumble since I was an outcast in high school. For the most part, the film interested me, but the third act is too conditional and made me roll my eyes, because one after the other would be a predictable situation. But overall, the film is not bad at all and definitely worth seeing on a rainy day. (7 out of 10)
