Undoubtedly, the best object of horror heavy metal, made in the manic heads of the 80s, which, admittedly, sounds not so much, considering how terribly many other records in this strange subgenre horror film, such as “Zombie Hard -rock ”,“ Blood tracks ”,“ Terror on tour ”and especially godless smelly John-Micle Thor from“ Rock'n'Roll Nightmare ”. In addition, this one still deserves support in order to downplay the excessive amount of splashes and unnecessarily bright special f / x razzle-dazzle in favor of focusing on the characters of adolescent middle school, which are depicted with more sharpness and believability than the norm for adolescents mid 80s. target target Moreover, the sharp parody of the film about the ridiculous exaggerated stupidity of the 1980s heavy metal and the sickening complacency of anxious conservatives who claim that this is diabolical music is very clever and ridiculous for money (renowned heavy metal god Greed Decade Ozzy) Osborne is very fun anti-metal television evangelist!). <br /> <br /> Mark Price (Hopelessly Crazy Skippy in Family Ties) plays a surprisingly strong and winning role as Eddie Ragman Weinbauer. , a challenging, socially awkward and brutally persecuted heavy metal fan who is constantly chosen by the bully preppy hooligans who make up the majority of pupils in high school Lackeridge (the cruelty and meanness of high school children is nailed with painfully authentic accuracy). Eddie's life gets worse and worse when his idol of rock star Sammy Kerr (impressively knocked out by Tony Fields portrait) dies in a hotel fire. Hoke local disc joke Nuke (KISS frontman Gene Simmons in a cool cameo) connects Eddie to Sammy's latest unreleased album, which, being played in the opposite direction, resurrects Curr's evil spirit from the dead. Sammy urges Eddie to spit on all the ugly scum who turn poor Eddie’s life into a notorious hell to make the meek Eddie be the most reluctant accomplice. It all depends on Eddie, who is helped by the pretty girl Leslie Graham (probably written by the beautiful Lisa Orgolini) to stop Sammy before everything got out of control. <br /> <br /> Actor Charles Martin Smith (who also briefly appears as a schoolteacher), cleverly written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson and Ret Topham, and skillfully acting through a single man, with commendable thoughtfulness and keenness of character the cast, this reliable sleeper is even complete with a few graceful moments of “jump” (an outrageous attack on the back of the car by the grotesquely depraved long-legged mutants, considered a definite highlight) The caring-style high school carnage, gently used the Halloween setting, revenge was rightly shown as a really ugly affair, and a firm central message that you shouldn’t make your hero too bloated strictly because of a deliberately anti-establishment position that according to this guy, makes for qualifying this special status.
