The best film about the battle in San Antonio, Texas, in March 1836, was the epic of John Wayne of 1960 “ALAMO”. In the role of director-producer, who temporarily weakened him, Wayne demonstrated that he is talented in cinema, not counting his icon-like acting ability, personifying the West. <br /> <br /> I commented on this film in a review last night, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the screenwriter) looked at some of the points that were barely mentioned in the earlier battle films. They really led to the problem of slavery. They also finally discussed the contribution of the local Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as an important leader in the War of Independence on a par with Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was one weakness in the film (albeit well hidden). Wayne worked hard to play it properly, thinking of many people for the main roles in it. But he did not cope properly with the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by a little-known actor Ruben Padilla (on this board his branch shows only three credits listed). Padilla had no conversational dialogue (even in Spanish). And although he has one of the latest shots in the film, he is simply shown as a silent tyrant watching the burning of the bodies of the Americans and their allies. <br /> <br /> Despite several unsuccessful elections in this film, shot in a television movie (“Alamo: Thirteen Days to Cloud”), showed the best movie about a man who (from 1836 to 1854) was the leading ghost among American politicians. Raul Julia was a wonderful theater actor. I was lucky to see him staged (at the end of the 1980s) “WEAPON AND MAN” in the role of Sergius. He was never boring, and, as a rule, first-class in his game. <br /> <br /> Here we see the worst selfish monster. Nothing is acceptable that does not correspond to the desires or actions of Santa Anna. This may be the inability of the orderly in the army to bring some object, which he requested, quickly enough, or it may be the courage of these "foreign robbers" (as he saw the Americans) in that they did not get rid of "Napoleon West". <br /> <br /> Santa Anna was president of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed that for the first time he participated in the overthrow of the president, because this president did not comply with the country's constitution, but it was precisely force that supported him year after year. It is a sad comment that he was a leading Mexican historical figure in those two decades. No politician or military leader will rise to outweigh it, until Benito Juárez did it in the late 1850s. He originally claimed great liberal ideals, but once he recognized that Mexicans were children who needed leadership for a hundred years before they could control themselves (and therefore it sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS, talking about people helped lead against Jose Ferrer). The amazing thing about him was that he kept coming back. His policy was a disaster. While we are aware of his attack on Texas (to quell the uprising), he also tried to penetrate Guatamala (and probably saw that he controls most of Central America). He won in the Alamo, but at the cost of life. His murder of the people of Colonel Fannin in Goliad was unforgivable (one can argue in favor of the destruction of the defenders of the Alamo who fought to the last, but Fannin surrendered). Then a catastrophe occurred in San Jacinto, where his army was destroyed (he could not take adequate precautions to keep track of the American forces). He was captured, humiliated and forced to sign the surrender of Texas. Houston was good to him: the troops wanted to catch him. <br /> <br /> With the exception of losing his leg in the battle against the French in 1838, he managed not to get injured in most of his wars. He refused to force the surrender of Texas, but could not do it militarily. Instead, he will lead Mexico to defeat in the war of 1846 - 48 against the Americans, which led to the Mexican session. The US was "decent enough" to pay Mexico $ 15 million for the south-west, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He will be president for the last time in 1853 to donate to the terribly poor administration of Franklin Pierce, this is one moment of glory - Santa Anna sold the border of Arizona and New Mexico (“the purchase of Gadsden”) to the USA. No other Mexican president (even Porfirio Díaz) ever cost his country so dearly (Díaz really sold the interests of foreign business, but at the same time he increased the economic strength of Mexico). He was exiled in 1855 and settled on Staten Island. There he managed to do his most creative work: he presented a chicle in the USA, and he became a chewing gum. Some achievement! <br /> <br /> Santa Anna Julia is younger than an experienced cynic and schemer who became America’s best land purchase agent. He is not going to stand up for the opposition, and he instantly falls into violent tantrums. Most of the time, his chief assistant, Colonel Black (David Ogden Stiers, here is an officer of British origin), keeps his mouth shut - he does not want to be in front of the firing squad, which he could be. But Stiers is secretly less fascinated by his boss. In the end, alone with the recently widowed wives of the murdered Alamo defenders, Stiers invites them to tell the world what Santa Anna really is. And they did!
