“TRICK OR TREAT” is a great example of how Hollywood jumped on the backboard “Back Posts in Metal Music,” which Tipper Gore and her wives in Washington started in the mid-80s (other, less successful recordings in this mini-genre include horrible Black roses and stupid gates) I was a sophomore in high school when TRICK OR TREAT was released, and I could not wait to see it. He seems to have disappeared from video stores by the end of the 80s, but I finally recently got a budget copy of a DVD, and this brought back many pleasant metallic memories of that time. Any teenage metal nerd might be related to Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer's trials (Mark Price "Family Ties") in this film, as he is pursued by "beautiful" people from his preppy in his high school for his heavy metal fashion and musical taste. . Eddie's favorite rock star Sammy Kerr (who looks a lot like Tommy Lee from Motley Crue), who is killed in a hotel fire at the beginning of the movie. Eddie is inconsolable until he receives a test press release from the last unreleased Sammy's album from a radio DJ (Gene Simmons from Kiss in a short cameo). Soon, Eddie discovers that this LP, when played backwards, allows him to communicate with the undead spirit of Sammy Curr himself! Soon Sammy gives Eddie advice on how to deal with his tormentors, but when the messages escalate (“Waste'em ALL ... no false false!”), Eddie tries to destroy the album, causing Sammy to come back to life through Eddie’s stereo speakers. Sammy rages on a big dance at Eddie's high school and goes on stage to rock the crowd and set out several unsuccessful “fake metallers” before Eddie arrives to save the day and the girl of his dreams. (Sigh) No, it's not very scary in 2006, it wasn't even scary in 1986, but TRICK OR TREAT is a film that will smile on the face of any 1980s metaller and has a terrific soundtrack, kindly provided cult group Fastway. It’s worth searching if you ever hit your head or have a taste for category B horror films (or both, like me).
