When I first saw the film in the early 1970s, I was delighted with this film. Visually, it was stunning, and the events on campuses in Europe and the United States forced you to relate what Antonioni tried to say so visually in the last 15 minutes of the film: to blow up the "tyrannical" institutions and interests of big business in your mind. The multiple explosion of a beautiful house in the middle of the desert, the main character enjoying the natural flow of cold water, painting the plane in psychedelic design (even balanced by British Airways did this several years ago) are some of the images that have been copied for decades by advertising personnel around the world. Even Pink Floyd increased the number of fans after the release of the film. <br /> <br /> You see this film about 30 years later and begin to wonder why the same film has lost its appeal. Today, films about the establishment have more substance - facts, documentation, great performances and great scripts. Antonioni seems to be outdated; flawed genius. Even watching “The Explosion” by Antonioni today makes you feel that it is outdated. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point should be judged by what it was when it was released. It was a great movie if you watched it on the widescreen Panavision, as opposed to clouded television screens. Visual and auditory (Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Pink Floyd, etc.) The charm of the film is still there. The lead couple was not a great actor, but they were cute and natural. One of them (Marc Fréchette) died in prison in the United States, expanding the reality of the non-conformist values ​​that he personified in the film. <br /> <br /> Today Antonioni seems out of sync. But look carefully, and you will appreciate the muffled sounds of ordinary actors - Rod Taylor, GD. Spradling ladies in the pool, the police on the runway. Real sounds unlike nonconformists. Antonioni was relevant 30 years ago, but his understanding of the environment cannot be questioned even today. He knew what he was doing.
