I have to admit that it has always been difficult for me to watch the film from the beginning to the end of the first attempt, and even for that I ended up watching it in three parts more than once. In the end, I realized that maybe it was better because it made me stop thinking in the usual conditions of the plot and just enjoy the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems to be much more fragmented, which is not so bad, just for this you need to put more effort. When it comes to desert scenes, all efforts pay off in full. Stunning cinematography is only part of it, which really makes it all unforgettable, is how the landscape turns into a stunning presence, silence and the vastness of it, a feeling of sadness and freedom, the way it merges and contrasts with two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it seems less distant and alien than the urban scenes in the first part. A dance between a flying airplane and a girl’s car takes a series of great shots. The love scenes in the desert are just beautiful, it's hard to imagine such an approach from the film of our time. Of course, there is something very stylish and studied in them, but at the same time they manage to express a sense of natural, spontaneous innocence, which is very rare these days. It all seems free and unrecorded (thanks also to an understated effect), but it is the result of manic attention to detail and form, which culminates in a series of explosions at the end, a truly spectacular sight. It just leaves you excited. <br /> <br /> I don’t care about some of the usual objections: boring - yes, this is true if you want all the films to follow the development of the classic plot and be packed with turns of action, but then if the whole movie were like that , it would be really boring and sad; pretentious - maybe, but when such ambitiousness is combined with real skills, depth and style, pretentious compliment. “Political” criticism is of the least importance for me, I do not see the point of approaching such a film with ideological or, even worse, patriotic demands. It just wins the goal. It may be true that, as the previous commentator noted, Antonioni looked at these young hippies and the policy of protests and police riots with the charm of a foreigner, but I think this adds something, rather than distracting from the film. It is not true that hippies did not exist in Italy at that time (remember the protests of 68, as in France), although they were clearly different from their American counterparts and were in some ways even more belligerent. But his interest in this film was not narrowly political. Events seem more like a pretext for a film whose appeal has a universal, timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special mention should be made of the fantastic soundtrack. Among other things, this film, along with Easy Rider, is probably one of the earliest predecessors of the modern “fanciful” music video, as well as the concept of a film soundtrack that would stand by itself, but unlike the first, it uses music in a much more subtle way, mixing it with the landscape, and not with the action. <br /> <br /> If you want a traditional narration in a film, do not worry. If you want to be stunned, have patience and you will not regret it.
