When this film was made, hippies became mainstream. The ideas of the counterculture are well known, therefore such a big film could be made. And yet he has something to say, and it is said, really beautiful. In addition to those who are waiting for only wandering material, this film is most liked by its beautiful scenes (which in itself is more than enough reason to watch the movie). The soundtrack for this film, which has actually become more popular than the film itself, is another plus. Pink Floyd “Beware with this ax Eugene” is very well suited for explosions, the lack of music in other scenes gives the film a pleasant calm mood. But. It seems that the messages in this film were missed by the majority. If you do not understand this, which seems to be the most appropriate, I will give you some tips: the man (tough guy, what is his name - Mark?) Is part of the “reality group”, He leaves this group, saying something like, “I’m ready die. But not from boredom. ” Later, he goes for a walk with a stolen plane, probably to try to take some action. While he is on the air, the dark star Grateful Dead (from the Live / Dead album) (I think) sounds. There is a phrase in this song “Should we go with you while we can”, although it is not heard in the film (perhaps this is too far, which means that a quote is necessary?) On the plane, he checks the girl. (Daria), who is going to a conference in her car (on how to give typical suburban families the opportunity to live in a super-relaxing place in the desert, where everything is so simple and pleasant. For the whole family!), Diving down, almost hitting the car. He gets on a plane and joins the girl on his way to Detroit. They stop at the Zabrika point, where they enjoy each other as living beings and nature. Later in Zabriski Point they show a family with a big car (the type in which you sleep) and a speed boat, the father says something like “what a waste to drive here”, and the child is sitting in the car. grinning. I felt "it was not much better than on TV" - attitude. Daria takes Mark back to the plane, which is now painted in a psychedelic style, with an identification number changed to “without war” on the one hand and “without words” on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane to where he stole it from, and says to Darya before leaving: “I’m not risking anything” or something like that, one of several hints that he doesn’t care much about his fate. (This is because he has a feeling that the environment does not give him anything - “I wonder what is happening in the real world.”) At the airport, he is met by policemen who shoot him, although he has just returned from a plane. Daria hears it on the radio, but decides to go to a conference in a fancy mansion. Here she feels like a stranger after an adventure with her just-killed friend. She enjoys fresh water running over a rock, more than a pool. Inside the house, the viewer is again given a clue about anti-materialism. She looks through the glass wall, clutching at the glass, as if she has fallen into a trap. It is believed that business people argue: one side seeks to make a big deal, and the other is afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house and looks back at him, imagining how he explodes. After the house, a few more things explode, such as TV. She smiles, glad that she herself destroyed what she considers to be something negative after meeting with Mark. <br /> <br /> To summarize: Mark obviously perceives the “reality group” as not very useful, as they just sit and talk without taking any action. He clearly has bad feelings about the fact that things are as they are, and it seems that he feels that it is useless to fight this. He wants to leave. He helps Daria, who “in mind, but not in action,” sees her point of view. Where his sense of unsuitable power leads to his death, it is to be hoped that Daria uses ideas in ways that are more constructive. In the film, you see how the city (Los Angeles) is being polluted by advertising (too bad that you have to show ads to understand the point), you see businessmen deciding what the future is, and so on, and you see people unhappy with these and other situations that are parts of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I saw the film only once, so I didn’t catch all the moments, but I certainly have the feeling that this film should be said and it seems to me strange that this film can be called meaningless. If you say that the points are too obvious, I can understand why, this film probably intended to appeal to post-hippie radicals, "digging" thoughts against the creation. Despite the fact that he has something to say, and his message is still necessary today, everything largely develops in the same direction as before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a really great film, telling a story about quite normal young people (dumb hippies running around on their toes on acid, digging up everything), looking for what they perceive as real, dissatisfied with ordinary ones. And this is done in a really beautiful way.
