I was told that it was one of those "you love or hate" movies. Well, I loved it. The obvious era of hippies, outdated and light symbolism and all. So I probably don’t feel a taste at all when it comes to Antonioni, but this and La Notte (made exactly ten years ago) are my favorites among his films so far. Made two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point was to become the great American epic of Michelangelo. But apparently, it turned out to be a failure. I really do not understand why. Before watching, I read that it was pretty boring, so I prepared for a very slow movie, although I love a slow movie. For my taste, Zabriski did not have a tiring minute. Watching this, I mentally noted how European it was that the director often used billboards in almost all urban scenes, and huge billboards eclipsed any human form in sight. This repetitive visual element obviously serves to emphasize the way in which consumerism suppresses a person in American society. But then I immediately looked at L'Eclisse, which takes place in Rome in the early 60s, and noticed that Antonioni often included billboards in it. After all, masterful use of landscapes, architecture and inanimate objects in each frame with or without people is a trademark of Antonioni. this is exactly how he evokes the psychological states of his characters, with more or less restrained strength and great visual impact. He has almost no equal in this skill. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point appeared in two very attractive roles that were supposed to be big stars of the 70s, but never did. Mark Frechette, whom I had already seen in the wonderful World War I film by Womini Contro, had a very tragic life, and he died at the age of only 27 years old. According to his biography page, he donated his earnings of $ 60,000 in Zabrisk commune. One of the main roles of Marka Daria Halprin, apparently, later also the wife of Dennis Hopper, has a stunning, natural beauty and attractiveness of the young Ornella Muti ?? one of those bright beauties who don't need makeup to turn their heads. Like Frechette, she only graced a couple of obscure films and never became a star, but at least she did not die tragically. In particular, Zabriskie Point has one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed - one that brings a sense of youthful playfulness, like the few I have seen, as well as a very cathartic ending. Perhaps this is the most trivial sequence ever taken in terms of symbolism, but I do not understand how someone can deny its beauty and a wonderful sense of emotional liberation. The explosion has never looked so good and poetic. It seems to be an explosion that restores order, but does not bring chaos.
