Not so many times when I watch a movie and say “yes what?”, But it was one of them. Perhaps when I saw Zabriski Point, I felt the same thing as Woody Allen, when I saw 2001 - he liked the film only after watching it three times during the two-year period, when he realized that the director was ahead of it in what was happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his several attempts to make films in the USA (after “Red Desert”, he shot the film “Explosion”, “China” and “Passenger”, shot outside of his native Italy), I felt that he was almost trying to find out about the ways of the country through their own mastery of the medium. The results show that he lacks the means to represent images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds and the visual presentation of this era. “The director’s task is to see,” Antonioni once declared. Whatever that means, he does not disappoint the fan of his work after the fifties (I say after the fifties, since I have not seen any of his films before L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> What he lacks is the point, at least, the point that he could have led in the “Explosion” and “Eclipse”. You feel that you are around these characters, that the themes evoke in their minds, however, in this case, the characters and actors do not bring any particular conviction or purpose. Antonioni, who came from the school of hard knocks, neorealistic filmmaking, does what he can, with his mostly unprofessional actor (those who look more like real actors, are subordinated to the roles of corporate characters), but two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem as if Antonioni is correcting them. Perhaps that was the point. The story is divided into three acts, fortunately not too complicated, as Mark avoids his existence around the boiling, dangerous campus life that takes place in the Los Angeles area in the late 60s, and Daria leaves from Los Angeles to travel to Phoenix on business meeting. They accidentally meet Mark’s plane (how does he know how to drive a car, maybe some information about him?) And Daria’s cars meet and they spend some time together in an existential groove in the desert. Besides the stylistically fascinating, if strange sexual scene, most of this act is not very interesting. <br /> <br /> These two leads are fair enough, but what exactly attracts them to each other beyond curiosity? The ideas that arise (partly from a script written in collaboration with Sam Shepard) are not very revealing, with the exception of one short moment when drugs and reality come up. Then the film goes to the third act, when Mark decides to do the right thing under catastrophic circumstances, and Daria arrives at her boss's place only for complete disappointment (disregarding the notorious last five minutes or so of the film). Although the film took the time to tell its story, I did not have such a big problem with this, as I told you that the story only attracts a certain audience. I understand and sympathize with feelings, doubts and fears, as well as self-confidence of the “anti-establishment”, but perhaps Antonioni is not fully aware of this himself. In some scenes, he as a director and editor (and often the striking cinematography of Alfio Contini) finds the scenery and backgrounds more informative and interesting than the people in the foreground. Not to mention the fact that the technical side of Zabriskie Point is not related to a certain degree (this may cause some people to feel drowsy, since Antonioni is probably a lot more than a documentary director because he is a theater director, such as Francis Ford Coppola ). <br /> <br /> Deserts, the sky, the city and even faces are close-ups taken by the eyes of a director who is in love with the art of putting things into the frame, leading us inward. The soundtrack is equally convincing, with a masterful beat that includes the sweet Rolling Stones song in one place and then the crushing, surrealistic song Pink Floyd (renamed 'Careful with the Ax Eugene', one of their best to the Dark Side) in the explosion sequence. If only the performances were not so one-sided, I could find it on a par with Blow-Up or The Eclipse. This is an unconventional genius move, on the one hand, and on the other, a dull look at what was a hippie / radical movement of the late 60s. But hey, what may be boring for an American, such as myself, who was born in the eighties, may not apply to others outside the US, such as, say, Italy. And he asks not to drop immediately after one viewing.
