I know this is an unpopular position regarding Zabriskie Point, but I LOVED this movie. I know, I know - they can rightfully call me the fanatic Antonioni. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love Red Desert, I love Blowup and I love Professione: Reporter (aka Passenger). The only Antonioni film I don’t like, the only one I’ve ever given is less than 8/10 (and one of the three that I gave is less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse were the other two, although I’m completely I admit that I have to see both of them again), this is “Beyond the Clouds”, which can rightfully be called a terrible film. However, the best is not a terrible movie, if you catch my drift. So if you are NOT a fan of Antonioni, you should only logically ignore me. If you're even a casual fan, and you're wondering, is it often behind this particular film, followed by the name <br /> <br />, that saliva appears, which even Antonioni fans usually despise? In any case, the answer is YES. <br /> <br /> Well, the reason people hate him is because 99% of viewers of a movie care ONLY about the narration of the movie. Well, this is not quite true. If the film is surprising in a certain aspect, say, acting or cinematography or directing, and just decent in its narration, the audience of the film may well fall in love with it. But the film can be the most amazing visual masterpiece, and there is a disgusting or illogical story in it - this is another thing that has spoiled the movie over the years: logic - then they absolutely hate the movie. I actually agree with this in some respects. No matter how much I like it and I don’t want to change my point of view, it’s really hard to love a film whose story I consider bad. However, other people tend to get annoyed with free narration. This is definitely what should drive viewers away from Zabriskie Point. I could tell you this story, but you probably just thought it was meaningless. This, in fact, but for me it made it all more fantastic and beautiful. I would actually compare it with 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001 is a completely consistent year compared to the disjointed narration of this film. <br /> <br /> Zabriski Point has a mood at peak. Music helps a lot; The score includes many speeches of the day, including Pink Floyd. The mood is somewhat similar to the mood of Antonioni's other masterpieces, filled with loneliness and desolation. Also the freedom that comes from this. The best sequence in the film is when the lead man and the woman (her name is Daria, I know, but I don’t remember his name) stop in their car next to the historical marker on the desert highway. Behind a stone wall that was erected to prevent cars from flying, there is an ancient bed of the lake. This is mostly rocky desert, and they go to play it. The decor is incredibly beautiful. The woman says: “This is such a beautiful place. What do you think? ”Man:“ I think he's dead. ” There is no inclination for good or bad. This is very similar to the feelings expressed in other films by Antonioni - the characters constantly want to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of Passenger, fed up with journalism, we have a young hippie who is sick of the politics of his friends - he thinks they talk too much and don’t play what they think is right, or at least he says what he does. It seems to me more like the fact that he just wanted to get out of this situation. <br /> <br /> The film is visually stunning. All films by Antonioni are identified by several frames, but his visual style has always been built. I love the Passenger more than Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point can be his final achievement in this aspect. Well, this may seem strange - L'Avventura and Red Desert are simply amazing. I think the camera movements are especially amazing here. He obviously made a lot of money on Blowup, which was the biggest art hit of his time, the biggest in history. He's good at it here, especially with his air shots. One of the film’s greatest roles is the man who stole a man’s private plane that bombarded Daria in his car. <br /> <br /> The only thing that can rightly be criticized is the film’s policy. They are, of course, light. Not that the hippies were superficial, but that Antonioni’s vision of hippies - of course, they were not in Italy - is strange and, well, in general, filtered by the eyes of a foreigner. There is a rather childish criticism of advertising, but it is a criticism that still exists today. I say, you people can not just ignore it? What does it hurt? Do you go buying things that you don’t need because of billboards? Or there is also a criticism against capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that steals land in the desert — the land she and a man enjoyed — to make cheap suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very underrated actor, whose most famous roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds, is played by her boss. An end that I won’t spoil - you have to see it - it's almost insultingly cheap. I can, however, understand the attitude towards the police. Not that I despised them at all, but at the time they were terrible. They can still be terrible now. They always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These banal arguments against the American way of life still have little influence on my opinion about the film. I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting. I really do not think that hippies would not agree with Antonioni. 10/10
