If Saura had not done anything like this before, Iberia would be a milestone. Now it still deserves to honor the great director and great guardian filmmaker of Spanish culture, but he already did a lot of things, and although we can praise his wealth, we have to choose and choose favorites and high points among similar films that include Bloody Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevilyan (1992), Salome (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose Saura's Flamenco in 1995 as his most unique and powerful cultural document, next to which Iberia pales. <br /> <br /> Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of the music of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and, in particular, his Iberia suite for piano. Isaac Albeniz made a great contribution to the externalization of Spanish musical culture - its reformatting for a non-Spanish audience. In the early thirties he moved to France and was influenced by French composers. His suite Iberia is a creative synthesis of Spanish folk music in the styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled, performing his compositions, which are a kind of excellent standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as Bolero Ravel, but moving in that direction. Naturally, the Spaniards took Albeniz, and in Iberia the performers interpret his works in different ways from the point of view of various ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is a tame and diluted form of Spanish music and dance culture compared to the Spanish language of pure flamenco. Flamenco, coming out of the Andalusia region, is a deep blend of Guitar, Spanish-Arab and Jewish cultures. Iberia is a peninsula comprising Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; The concept itself is more diluted. <br /> <br /> Flamenco Saura is an incredibly intense ethnic mix of music, singing, dancing and the peacock manners of noble charm, which is the essence of Spanish style, the way a man and woman behave with pride bordering on arrogance, elegance and scale - even the bullfights and movements of the torero are complete - in a series of electrical sequences without introduction or conclusion; they just are. Saura has always emphasized the spectacularity of his collaboration with the choreographer Antonio Hades and other artists. In his 1995 flamenco, he dropped all pretense and simply makes singers, musicians and dancers go out and go out on a big sound stage with good lighting and screens, apartments and mirrors arranged by cinematographer Vittorio Storaro, another important Spanish collaborator. The beginning and end of the episodes in Flamenco are often rough, but atmospheric, marked only by the roar and rustling of shuffling legs and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the film goes on when the show ends, and you see the dancer bending over, sighing or laughing; or someone just says something unexpectedly. Flamenco is more than in any other musical film of Saura, this is a stormy, intense interaction of singers and dancers and rhythmically clapping spectators participating in the show, screaming impulsive ole, which is a “story” and create magic. Because Saura did create magic, and perhaps best of all, when he quit some ordinary story. <br /> <br /> Iberia is similar to some of Saura's purest musical films: no narration, no dialogue, just a short title to indicate the type of song or region, starting with the pianist playing the music of Albanis, and gradually moving to a series of dance episodes and small singing. In flamenco music, the main element is an unaccompanied voice, and this voice is the most obvious and unique contribution to world music. This applies to other songs in other ethnic groups, but nothing compares to his coarse, hoarse, unique ugly cry that prevents you from doing anything other than listening to him with the closest attention. Then clapping and stomping of the legs, and then dancing in combination with other elements. In Iberia, there is only one flamenco song. If you love Saura's flamenco, you will want to see Iberia, but you will be a little disappointed. Style is; some of the great voices and dances and music there. But the source and concept of Iberia condemns it to a lesser degree of power and makes it less rich and intense cultural experience.
