Students often ask me why I choose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is strictly cut off, and the film contains material that received an “R” rating. <br /> <br /> I have several reasons for using this product: First, I did not see the image of the Moor that I actually did. I sympathized with Othello until I saw Fishburn play it. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer play Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy was particularly noticeable. But, despite John’s incredible presence, both physical and vocal, the character he played seemed too passive to capture my complete emotional cleansing in the Aristotelian sense. Jones, in fact, confirmed what I felt when, in an interview, he noted that he played Othello as a passive - seeing that Iago mostly beats him. Unfortunately, it emptied me from the destruction of the character. Thus, I felt sympathy for John Mavr, but not horror at his corruption by an evil man. In contrast, Othello Fishburn is a strong and energetic figure, familiar with the actions. Thus, the temptation of Iago to actively deal with the fact that Othello is presented as the infidelity of his wife is a distortion of the positive quality of the general to be active, not passive. The horror of the story is that this good quality in Othello becomes perverted. Therefore, Fishburn's description is classically tragic. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Fishburn is the first black actor to play Othello in the film. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins made wonderful versions of the films, but they were white people with black faces. Why is it important? Why should a black actor be black on stage? 3 Of course, in the time of Shakespeare, they used a black face just as they used boys to make girls. Perhaps the reason is the same. Female actors bring special qualities to the female roles on the Shakespeare scene, because they best understand what the genius of Shakespeare was trying to present. A gifted black actor has to play on the Moor because his experience in a white dominated culture is vital to understanding what Shakespeare’s genius recognized: the pain of marginalization due to race. An important topic in Othello is isolation caused by racism. Although it would be a mistake to embed American racism in a Shakespearean play, there is no doubt that racism is still in effect among the characters. Many, including Father Desdemona, believe that the alliance between a Venetian white Christian woman and a black Christian from North Africa is NOT RED. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, Shakespeare was never rated G. He was never. His stage productions have always been characterized by violence and strong language. But the genius of Shakespeare uses these elements not as sensational, but for artistic integrity.
