I was lucky that I finally caught this film on the films "Turner Classic", as it is one of the films that won the Oscar (for special effects) in its annual film that won the Oscar. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is an easy-to-go film for the earlier success of Mary Poppins. This film was also a great success and Oscar winner (Best Actress Julie Andrews). Like Mary Poppins BEDKNOBS has David Tomlinson in a role in which he learns about parenting. This is a great mix of live action and animation. It was established in the last period of British history (if not the Edwardian-Georgian world of London in 1912, then this is the coastline of England in the summer of Dunkirk in the summer of 1940). He even has the old Reginald Owen here as a general in the militia, whereas he used to be Admiral Boom in MARY POPINS. Ironically, this was Owen’s last role. <br /> <br /> Home Guard sequences (not too much in the film) resemble one of the British DAD'S ARMY series devoted to the problems of local militia in the early years of the war. This period is also well confirmed by the appearance of three Rawlins children as military orphans from the Blitz bombings in London. And (in the typical Disney manner) various members of the British army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (complete with metal drums!)) Appear in the Portobello Road music room. With Scottish and local women in costume. <Br /> <br /> All this, surprisingly, is a plus. But the biggest plus is that for Angela Lansbury her performance in the role of Eglantine Price, finally, her only true leadership in musical cinema. In a noteworthy acting career, Lansbury never got the real career musical role she deserved as Aunt Mom in the musical MAME, released shortly after BEDKNOBS. She was in vocals (in GASLIGHT with her short “UP IN A BALLOON BOYS” and in “DORIAN GRAY” with a SMALL YELLOW BIRD) and - best of all - in support and in conclusion of “HARVEY GIRLS” with the final reprise at ATCIZON , TOPECA AND SANTA-FE). But only here she plays the main female role. So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you can understand what we lost when she didn’t play Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is pretty good, Tomlinson here learns that he can rise to a case after a life of relative failure. Three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weigill) actually show more interesting aspects in their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (in particular, Wayhill, as something like the emerging opportunistic thinking about blackmail Lansbury, after learning that she is a witch). The only amazing waste (perhaps because of cutting scenes) - this is Roddy McDowell as the local vicar, who is only in two episodes of the film. With his possible role as a disapproving opponent of witchcraft, he had to play a big role. Also notable is John Erickson, as a German officer who heads the raid at the end of the film, only to find that he is facing something stronger than he ever imagined in the British countryside, and Sam Jaffe as a rival to the magic formula that looking for lansbury and tomlinson. <br /> <br /> As far as animation is concerned, the two sequences under the sea in the lagoon and in the wildest football game that has ever been held deserve to see Tomlinson, who was involved as a referee, and getting pretty strong beaten with various accusations and fights. As I said, this is a pretty good sample of Disney’s best studio work.
