It is great to watch Roshan Seth (strict Mississippi Masala father in 1992), who again takes on the role of father and head of the family, and even more in “SUCH A LONG TRAVEL” established in 1971 in Bombay, India, in addition united family circumstances, the subject of discussion are lost and found friends; the unexpected death of a friend (in some way, the calm, smiling face of a friend felt peaceful in the presence of prayers, Gustad Noble, a Roshan character, also noted); the chain of events of the pavement artist - “the wall turned into a shrine like a latrine, into a crash and ashes” was both prophetic and philosophical. He is full of life lessons on various aspects of various relationships: between father and son; Mother and son; father and little daughter; little daughter, father and mother; longtime colleagues; long lost dear friends; even from person to person, one whose innocent idiotic "fool". <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film, this is a colorful film, rich in content and power story in texture layers with humor and suspense. For a non-Indian director (Sturla Gunnarsson - Icelander), he shot a political Indian / Pakistani film. He enters the bone marrow of the life of this Parsi, depicted by Roshan Set, whose execution has such nuances, subtlety, and joy. (They sing there too.) The rest of the cast is equally strong: from Om Puri, a mysterious friend of a friend; Sonya Hrazdan resistant wife; Vrajesh Khirji, the eldest son of argument; Sam Dastor, a longtime assistant in the office; Ranjit Choudhury, pavement artist; superstitious "sorceress" neighbor; the tireless "fool" of man; and a long-lost bosom friend is a world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson demonstrated sensitivity in the treatment of that period of time, and the subject was well researched with attention to detail. He was lucky that the script was written by Sonya Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salam Bombay!"). This is really a worthwhile film journey in which you can take part. <br /> <br /> Fridrik Tor Fridriksson, 1994. "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic stay in a Japanese young man. I went around the globe in search of a specific place to express my last respect to my parents, meekly following memorial rituals for the dead. Such reverence and intercultural attention to family ties are warming today and in cyber age.
