Released shortly before the “Production Code” overclocked in July 1934, the Paramount musical for all the stars of Mitch Leisin evokes amazing, some even claims to misogyny and very interesting. Two murders take place in the premiere of "The Vanity of Count Carroll" (one on stage!), But this does not prevent the manager (Jack Okey) from making a show of how a lustful police detective (Victor McLaglen) investigates. Everyone is hiding something, and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen this mysterious murder story before she wrote String Murders, because the outcome is similar (although here it is more satisfactory). Gertrude Michael, as an evil diva, stops the show (in more ways than one) with his exotic number Sweet Marijuana, and Duke Ellington ends up with a truncated Rhapsody Rape. The hit song "Cocktails for Two" came from this film. A fancy and obscene camp classic is highly recommended! Here is Luella O. Parsons in the Los Angeles Examiner on May 17, 1934. <br /> <br /> A pirouette of selected beauties of Earl Carroll, shown on the screen of Grauman United Artists on a fig leaf, and nothing more. But September Morne herself has never had a better figure than these spellcasters, who are designed to please the eye, especially the weary businessman. But never for a moment think that Mr. Carroll’s girls, au naturelle, are the only attractions. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a musical comedy thriller, if you understand what I mean - the murder mystery inherent in a musical show. All this happens on the first night when the game is on and the killer is searching. Just for concern, the cop threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen - this is something new in the police. All the time he is trying to track down the killer, he is closely watching the beauty of the choir. The mystery of the murder is good except for the outcome, which is rather flat. Probably a faulty direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the maid, is about as melodramatic as the heroine on shows 10, 20, and 30. For no good reason, she appreciates an endless close-up in a big dramatic scene. The girls' ensembles are good, and this is a pleasant relief to get away from the inevitable pictures from above. The costumes are beautiful; in fact, this is a musical that Paramount can actually feel in their honor. As for Karl Brisson, it will be an addition to any show. Handsome, with a delightful singing voice and an easy, confident manner, he is all that his press agents claim for him. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the lead in the show. Gertrude Michael, as the evil maiden, gives an interesting, but rather fictional image. Jack Okey, as a director, is the same old sage, but we would not change it. Jesse Ralph is excellent as a seamstress. Other cast members include Charles Middleton, Gale Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritsch, Toby Wing and Lon Andre. The screenplay is Carey Wilson and Rufus King, and the director is Mitchell Leisen. Arthur Johnston music and lyrics by Sam Koslow. In addition to KILLING IN SERVICE, there is a cartoon about Mickey Mouse, the primary newsreel and two commercials, WRONG DIRECTION. <br /> <br /> I disagree with Lolly at the junction, this satisfies the top. Why does she blame the director? Was she dissatisfied with the end of the story - or how it was delivered? And what is "ten, twenty or thirty show"? Notice the blow taken at Busby Berkeley and his "shots from above." No matter how hard it is to believe today, the public is tired of Buzz's buzz by May 1934. Mitch Leisen said: “If you are showing a stage show that should be in the theater, you should stay within the prostage arch, and not engage in the Buzz Berkeley routine with stage set occupying a large place.” <br /> <br /> Question: Do you think that the impressive effects of Berkeley justify this freedom? ML: Obviously, they did it because they are reviving all his paintings, not mine, but personally I don’t like it.
