I read a lot of comments about the film and how it’s so hard for people to believe that this is a continuation of Henry the Fool, and although technically it is, I think that Fay Grim should be viewed as completely different. film. The fact that this is a continuation does not mean that it should be a direct continuation of the first, and I really liked it. The whole point of the film was to change direction the first time, which makes sense, because the film is not called Henry the Fool 2, but Fay Grim. All this aside, the film, I thought, was so well made and thought out that it really surprised me. I was expecting to rent another movie that was released directly for the video, and I had to endure 2 hours of poor editing and an almost hard-to-see storyline (the last direct link to Parker's video is “Oh in Ohio”), but it was so surprisingly good. focused that it almost doesn't seem like i absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in making and writing films that I crave to see in films, but I never notice. The cinematography was brilliant due to its simplicity and really made the film seem “gloomy” in everything - from the point of view of the production. The letter was so well composed, whoever said that this film is not as witty as Henry the Fool should look again and actually listen; I almost can't even explain how fun and appropriate this was. And well, Parker Posey, who can complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal talked in the dark was so fascinating and emotional. And I thought that the spy in the film was so funny and noticeable (retroactively, because I agree that at times you felt lost). The main thing that struck me so much in the film, and I believe in the meaning of the film, was Parker's love and naivety for the Fool, who was so sweet and very quickly turned, yes, very quickly, from denial to frank passion. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Obviously, there were things that were not excellent, but nothing is perfect; some acting games were bad, and sometimes I really thought that some of the new history and dialogue about terrorism became a bit difficult to understand and spin out of control, but in the end you understood it and didn't even mind it in a time that may have escaped your understanding. (This could also be due to Goldblum's tendency to speak very quickly) Overall, I would say that this was probably one of the best films I have seen this year; stylistically pleasant, clever and witty writing, performances that were so impressive that I now gained a new respect for some of the actors, and a truly touching film, and do not forget, a complete departure from the Fool. What was the point.
