Generally speaking, Fay Grim is a very entertaining thriller, featuring two of the most implacably pleasing names in American films: the religiously beautiful and graceful cheeky Parker Posey and the infinitely charismatic and inevitably cheerful Jeff Goldblum. They have a lot of scenes in the first half of the film, in which we see how these two insatiable presences diverge from each other, even radiating charm when Goldblum rolls down from the shamelessly epic information dumps of Hartley. However, if someone had deconstructed Fay Grim, one could see many instances in which countless scenes could be compressed with much greater benefit than as a result. <br /> <br /> These kinds of jokes were made. Continuation of Henry the Fool Hal Hartley, which was made ten years earlier. He has the title character Posey, whom the CIA agent Goldblum forced to track notebooks, which were the precious property of her missing runaway husband, the title antihero of his predecessor. Information is available that can recognize the safety of the United States. First, Fay wants Paris to take possession of them, but is carried away by a real espionage cliché that includes everything from car bombs to ambiguous assistants, “Following the girl” to double crosses and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> The main attraction of all this for me is that it is such a new approach to the continuation of the film about the scavenger and the struggling novelist in a small town. In the original Henry the Fool, Posey played a simple woman leading a very simple life. Hartley’s talents have not reached the heights of many other independent recruits since the 1990s, but I admire his wild creativity in creating an unintended twin sister out of her, giving her a terrible difficulty, as he did with her character’s brother, James Urbaniak, in “Henry fool ”because she is trapped in the meantime, can she still love her overwhelming refugee husband and the problematic but decisive plans of Goldblum. <br /> <br /> However, Hartley is simply guided by this fragmentary idea. His plot, although complex and labyrinth, true to the form of a spy movie, it seems that it is completely capricious. The reason I was not bored was mainly because of the speed with which the story unfolds, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of the Hartley actors is that I can't love the rest. This has nothing to do with how unclear they are in comparison with the relative stellar power of the two mentioned masters of charm, but with the fact that they do not seem to keep themselves close to them, although Saffron burrows are certainly approaching. Most of the scenes in which Posey or Goldblum are not involved are too light on their feet, which leads us to information dumps, we have no choice but to listen or otherwise be completely lost in the subsequent sequence of scenes. They are removed almost entirely in tiled angles, as if Hartley compensates for this irreconcilable sense of lack of material. <br /> <br /> Liam Aiken, however, playing now teenage son Fay and Henry, has a certain fascinating about him, who seems wise beyond his years, certainly much wiser than any of the adult characters. Perhaps Hartley wanted this, or just Aiken’s presence. The problem with the Hartley film is that you never know what was planned and what is happening there. As Scorsese said, "Cinema is a question of what is in the frame and what is not." One must be able to believe that what we see is the conscious decision of the director to stay in the finished film.
