Well, this film is a representation of several things. For starters, this film is about an angry student who brings a gun to school and shoots about 9 students. One student survives and is in hospital with extensive head injuries. The protagonist is that several people are considered “lonely / goth”, despite the fact that the film says that it is not. She seems rather mysterious, but was also the only unharmed student in the affected class. She was interrogated because she had the experience of meeting the shooter and recording a conversation with him on the phone the night before. In any case, she is a very short and distant person who seems to despise society. However, due to some inexplicable events at the beginning, she spent about a year out of school, not taking a class. She has a desire to get a higher education, and the principle practically reduces her to the only possible way she can go, is to spend time with the surviving girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two leads are almost completely opposite, and they are completely on a social level. While Alisha is a quiet, internally agitated, antisocial “gothic” girl who spends her time all alone (although she seems to read quite often, in some ways from the closet / secretive bookworm), the other girl is rich. A “sparkling” girl who seems to be always incredibly optimistic and fell into the trap of her own fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and its realism in order to survive. I feel both of these roles to the amazing work of presenting a click clique in a modern school, but, more importantly, it shows how two completely opposite girls, who know nothing about each other, eventually open up to each other. While the injured girl finds out the deep, meaningful truth about her once protected life and the outside world, Alisha learns that a complete rejection of society and locking everything inside is not always the best thing. <br /> <br /> Many people will look at the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. Either an unloved, hateful girl who wants him to suffer from the rest of the world just as she did, talking about an innocent girl, OR the story of a seemingly trapped, fantasized girl who meets an outcast in society and learns not only Do not judge, but she is actually, perhaps, one of the smartest people she knew. In other words, people may view this film as an emphasis on the fact that Alisha teaches another girl a lesson about life, but not about that. <br /> <br /> This film is about MULTIPLE things. Although this is almost everything I said, it also reflects how people cope with a large, life-changing disaster. Indeed, this film is not very symbolic, but instead is incredibly straightforward with its message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind and your heart to certain emotions that you may not be familiar with in such a miraculous way. <In general, this film is one of the best I've ever seen. The acting is gorgeous, the plot line and the representation are deep and meaningful, and the emotions that permeate this film will make someone not only talk, but also cry. This film is very heartbreaking and very effective, and if I ever believed that any film could change a person’s life ... this would be the first thing that could change mine. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie, if you ever want a movie that will be exciting and impressive, and also incredibly interesting and REAL, watch it
