Henry the Fool Hal Hartley was an independent masterpiece and, of course, his best work. It has a tremendous depth of character, a subtle, complex dialogue, and an excellent, emotional conclusion that enchants. I remember stopping him several times during my first viewing to absorb what I saw and felt. Henry the Fool was a complete film from start to finish, and did not need to continue. <br /> <br /> So I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim. Fei was not one of the main characters of the first film, and seemed to exist more like the alarming imposition of real hustle and ignorance for her brother Simon, whom he had to face as he grew older. In her own film, Faye matures, although her maturity goes a completely different way. Simon has gone from almost autistic isolation to just a little bit of a closed genius. Fay begins his adult journey as an immature, perfectly normal, spoiled child and reacts to the onslaught of absurd circumstances, becoming a mature, perfectly normal, experienced adult who has no advantages. She deals with problems in the same way as any person, with determination, a little thought and weary contempt. While Simon learned to control his mind, Fei learns to control his emotions. <br /> <br /> There are several gently remembered elements of his prequel in the film, but he is very different in tone for most of the film. Henry the fool showed you the harsh, boring, ignorant world that contrasted with Simon's inner passion and work. In Fay Grim, the world is a living, insane, emotional place that demonstrates the stupidity of her young life, and, thanks to the contrast, reveals an inner wise woman who has not been previously developed or brought up by her equally weak mother. <br /> The film consists of two parts: the first is dedicated to the beginning of the Fay fight, followed by bitterness because of authoritarian hostility, and the second is its battle for mitigation, sufficient only to bring back Henry. At first, fans of Henry the Fool may wonder how the film can even be considered a sequel, and consider it unfair to watch such an intense film with jokes about spy games and physical comedy. But this is precisely the subtlety of Fay Grim. The sequel tells of Fay's journey, and, as I said, her goal is to find living sanity in chaos, not creative chaos in a relaxed manner. Parker Posey is a great actress who perfectly understands the language of Hal Hartley in the cheek. Elina Levenson may eclipse her in an emotional commitment to this role, allowing Parker to play both a straight man and a comic versus a lively, scene-like comedy that takes place around her. <br /> <br /> With the appearance of Henry in the picture, the film begins to take a sobering turn. All Hal Hartley films are plays, and each play must go full circle. In the end, you are shown that Faye’s newly developed character and honesty are descendants of her time with mortally intense Henry, whose piercing honesty and unique passion ignites a spark in everyone he meets. <br /> <br /> Fay Grim is an excellent film that does not surpass Henry the Fool, but shows through Hal's range that the nuances of his art are proof of his genius. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I think that anyone who beats this film not only missed the mile (and especially the actor in the game of Parker Posey), but the film Henry the Fool could not be very interested.
