Perhaps I would have liked this film more if I were not so attached to the characters of Henry the Fool. Those who have never seen Henry the Fool, I would not worry. As Hartley said in a joke in his TIFF intro, the film has a lot of exposure and explanation. <br /> <br /> This movie is very heavy in plot, which makes the movie move. There are many humorous moments, and the film certainly has Hartley's trademark humor and rhythm of dialogue. In general, a technically well-made film will surely satisfy the new Hartley fans who are just starting to explore his work. As for older fans who loved his earlier work, such as Trust and Lover, this film could go any way. I have mixed feelings about the film and later Hartley films in general. What Hartley does best is telling his stories in small situations, concentrating on the intimate and peculiar ways that his characters interact with each other. Since the end of the 90s, his films have expanded in terms of topics. The media "There is no such thing", "Religion in the book of life", and now terrorism in "Fay Grim". I do not know whether Hartley’s talents are suitable for such an important subject or if he is able to do it fairly. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who goes in search of a husband whom she loves. The only problem is that I saw Henry the Fool, and everyone in this film seems incredibly extraordinary. You can say that this film was written after Henry the Fool was finished without any intention of continuing. Anyway, the terrorist plot is convenient for use by using the books of Henry's confession as a McGaffin (in the sense of Hitchcockian). Fay's motivation to find Henry seemed motivated solely by the plot, and not to those who were betrayed by Fay as a person in Henry the Fool. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a little disappointed in the film because That's true for the characters of Henry the Fool, and it doesn't quite work like a direct thriller. Hartley’s approach to such a big topic as terrorism is too much irony and criticism. It somehow works and does not work at the same time. Everything I could say, you would either love or hate the movie depending on how you feel about Hartley’s work and how well you know Hartley’s work. Fans of Henry the Fool, be warned for disappointment. Otherwise, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy the ride.
