The modest indie drama of 1997, Henry the Fool, seemed to be a safe choice of films that no one would bother to repeat to continue. A crumpled, scattered tramp (Thomas J. Ryan) walks into the city. His anarchist rhetoric and delusions inspire the garbage collector (James Urbaniak) to write poetry, while Henry, without much enthusiasm, tries to intimidate his boyfriend's sister (Parker Posey). As the poet flourishes, Henry refuses. Nothing special in any of the characters or in the story. Harold and Ghosts Maud’s saying would be called a higher probability that he will hit the screen. <br /> <br /> But Parker Posey is not the semi-official Indian Queen for nothing. Therefore, when writer / director Hal Hartley came up with a new incarnation for his cast, the film was born. Although we have been catching up with the same characters for many years, they are in a completely different dark comedy; this is permeated by espionage! Henry may have been an international spy — and perhaps a double or even a triple agent — for many years before meeting with others. He is either dead or hiding from agents and authorities in many countries. Everyone needs his rambling, inconsistent journal, which may contain encrypted secrets that can destabilize countries and economies. Fay Posey - either the wife he left to go on the run, or his widow, depending on who is telling the truth. Fay's efforts to find Henry and / or hot controversial magazines include the glove of multinational assassins and henchmen around the world, snarling around the world. She never knows who to believe or to believe. And so do we. <br /> <br /> By driving these unlikely characters into the territory of Jason Bourne / Jack Ryan, Hartley’s script retains the ironic unabashed humor of their first appearance, avoiding farce, exposing them to physical danger. His cunning fountain of alliances of paranoia, duplicity, and musical chairs of modern geopolitics begins to crumble towards the end. However, fans of the first film will be pleasantly surprised by the novelty of Hartley's processing techniques. (5/18/07)
