Fei Grim, on her face, is a story about espionage and intrigue, told with a bow and wink. As a continuation of his extraordinary Henry the Fool, Hal Hartley creates an amazing combination of film noir and a hard-boiled spy thriller that starts with a knowing smile and a big dose of laughter and becomes as piercing and warm as any film I've seen this year. br /> <br /> Posey Parks - Fay Grim, the unwitting Mata Hari, caught between the love of her exiled husband Henry the Fool and the dubious intentions of a charming CIA employee. As an agent of Fulbright, Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm in a role that seems to be adapted to his talents. He has never been better. James Urbaniac is Fei's brother Simon, imprisoned but famous for his extremely popular poetry books. His love for his work and his sister cause excitement to counter the harsh nature of the spies who eventually inhabit the world of Fay. And Liam Aiken is the 14-year-old son of Fay. Although it may be redundant. Aiken's moderate style is surprisingly "old soul" for someone his age. <br /> <br /> The entire film was shot in the Dutch View, a style created by Orson Welles and used mainly in horror films and psychological thrillers. To instill a sense of foreboding In Fay Grim, using this style from opening credits to closing intriguingly at first glance is deceptively clever at the next. For as soon as the viewer begins to fall in love with ideally calculated comedic elements and the wit of Hartley’s brilliant screenplay, something happens. The film takes a dark, but strangely comforting turn, as these characters magically become sympathetic before our eyes. What began as a dark comedy turns into a romantic drama, and the transition is masterful. Slow stimulation gives way to exciting action, and it draws us right into the whirlpool. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley’s keen dialogue, combined with the stunning characteristics of an ideally matched ensemble, creates a delightful cinematic cocktail. Speaking of the luxury of a person who can write, produce, direct, edit and even compose music, Hal Hartley has created an intelligent, sexual story about spying with a tongue barely set on the cheek. Fay Grim is one part Dashil Hammett, one part Raymond Chandler and one part Ian Fleming, shocked and possibly also agitated.
