I really like this film, despite the fact that it is deliberately less “polished” than other films of Fred and Ginger, not to mention the slightly problematic role of Harriet Hillard in the main romantic role. <br /> <br /> Once again with these films, the plot has minor consequences - Aster plays a rather unlikely sailor (who turns out to be a brilliant former wanderer (of course!)), and Rogers - novice performer in the Shy Dance Music Hall. Despite the fact that their relationship is bright and funny, they are stuck in the unpretentious main story Hilliard and Randolph Scott, who could not find any chemistry between them. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that this was a last minute decision, Hilliard was a little mistaken about this because she did not have a screen presence to give this film what he needed, despite the fact that he pleasant and pleasant in everything. The film might have benefited the advancement of the wise and wise brass character Lucille Ball for a big role, as it just shone in every little scene, and would make a great blow to Helen Broderick like Rogers in this bright movie of this type (See “ ", Filmed next year, for an example of wonderful scenes between these two fantastic actresses). One-dimensional character of the Neanderthal Scott, in the end, falls in love with Hilliard, even harder to believe than Aster in the fleet! <br /> <br /> Now about the important part, about singing and dancing: nothing can be said about “Let's Face the Music and Dance”, except that it is brilliant, touching and beautifully performed, and I often end up watching this scene with tears in his eyes. However, the other songs in the film also deserve some recognition; “I put all my eggs in one basket” is a great example of Aster and Rogers’s comedic instincts, and they almost make fun of their reputation, which turns into a spontaneous, perfectly synchronized dance. Other highlights are “I would rather lead the group” and “Let me go”, which show how these two talents could perform just as brilliantly as they did together. I almost forgot to mention that this is one of the few (if not the only) times when Aster brilliantly plays the piano; It seems the talents of this man were endless! <br /> <br /> In general, I actually prefer this “Top Hat” and “Swing Time” (although only fairly), because it is more mundane and so enthusiastically performed by all participants. It's hard not to like a funny factor.
