The plot is never the strength of the Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers films, but the “Follow the Fleet” scenario is mediocre. Fred and Ginger are still fine - they play "Baker" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Baker entered the navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationships give rise to some funny comic moments. But for the most part of the film, they lean back into the tedious plot about Sherry Connie's sister (Harriet Hilliard), her love for sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge’s passion for another woman and an old schooner that Conny inherited from her. father. Although Hilliard is quite charming, this plot is uninteresting. <br /> <br /> But at the same time, “Follow the fleet” is endowed with an exceptional Irving Berlin score, which gives stars many chances to demonstrate their talents. Aster gets two good solos with "We Saw the Sea" and "Rather Lead a Band". He sings expressively and, of course, dances electrified - and the sailor’s costume makes him look a little more boyish and athletic than usual. Rogers sings the catchy “Let Your Go Go,” and then solo sings the same tune. <br /> <br /> Three duos really save the film, despite the fact that they are all included in the story with silly excuses. Fred and Ginger win the dance competition by performing an energetic routine with another Let Your Go Go reprise. Later, they sing and dance “I put all my eggs in one basket,” as if it were an early rehearsal of the number, turning choreography into a comic effect. In the end, the film finally finds out how to get Fred and Ginger to wear evening clothes for a romantic duet - this makes him part of the show in the show. The situation is far-fetched, but the song "Let's Face the Music and Dance" is one of the most sinuous wonderful things Berlin has ever written (recalls Cole Porter), and the dance matches her elegance. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> It would be difficult to review most of the sections of the “Follow the Fleet” dialogue again, and, in fact, this is not necessary, because the plot rarely promotes musical numbers. But I could watch songs again and again.
