According to Hollywood, being in the navy is nothing more than a bluff. Although sailors may complain about the monotony of the ocean in the chorus, it seems that their ocean duties are completely absent, and somehow Fred Aster finds enough free time during the day to offer dance lessons for the fleet of potential romantics. Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Marc Sandrich's previous film “Top Hat (1935)” completely ignored the Great Depression, which then put America on its knees, and presented to the audience the glittering world of the rich and famous; it was the film’s optimistic view of life that might have contributed to its success. Similarly, here Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and draining, and instead replaces the duties of a sailor with an assortment of catchy light musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship ended after the latter rejected the marriage proposal. After Baik returns after several years of service in the navy, he finds Sherry as the mistress of a dance in a simple ballroom in San Francisco. While the two former lovers alternately try to look after and reject each other, simple sister Sherry, a music teacher (Harriet Hilliard, looks very pretty), gets full makeup and tries to charm surface sailor Bilge "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are many ordinary worm comedy scams, a few moments of mistaken identity, and even a funny trained monkey that steals every scene he is in. Especially funny is the scene in which Bake sabotages the audition of the performer to create a window for his aloof girl; Unfortunately for both of them, the unfortunate Sherry drinks bicarbonate soda and loses the ability to sing. <br /> <br /> “Follow the fleet” (1936) was the fifth successful collaboration between Fred Astair and Ginger Rogers and the third (out of five) in which Sandrich led the pair. Irving Berlin provided the music and lyrics of the film, and each musical number is pleasantly carefree and exciting, even if they are not as memorable as in Top Hat (1935), Swing Time (1936), or Shall We. Dance (1937). Aster is trying to break free from his typical rich people, but without much success, but it’s hard to imagine a performer without a boyish carefree charm that could only accompany him, being quite rich. The extra plot of the novel between Connie and Bilge fits well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (wearing a brunette wig to avoid colliding with Ginger's blond hair) has a couple of emotional solo numbers, including “Get Thee” Satan is behind me, which was originally written for "Top Hat".
