Follow Fleet, staged by RKO in 1936, with stars Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers had many similar romantic films together, RKO helped them once again create a decent storyline that includes relevant situations for society at the time of its creation. The Follow the Fleet narrative relies heavily on the use of multi-layered storylines between two sets of protagonists to create a pleasant romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> The general plot of the film revolves around Baker Baker, a sailor. in the United States Navy performed by Fred Astaire and Sherry Martin, Bake's former partner in love and dance, who is now a singer and dancer by Ginger Rogers. Their story begins when Beyk is on the ship, and his ship mate Bilj Smith finds a picture of the two of them together, and Baik says that the last time he saw her he asked her to marry him, so Bilge suggests they try to meet. with her when they are on land, in the hope that she can have a friend. <br /> <br /> The next main scene begins with the second plot of the film, when Connie Martin, sister of Sherry, is denied entry to Paradise, where her sister works, if she is not accompanied by a gentleman. She turns around to find Bilge behind her with a bag full of drinks, so she plays it as if she was waiting for him, and buys his entrance to Paradise. Connie then finds Sherry and tells her that she is depressed because she can't be lucky what Sherry is doing with men, so Sherry invites her to do makeup from her friends while she performs on stage. Connie overdoes, enters the ballroom again, and again approaches Bilge, who is amazed by her appearance. Begins the second romantic storyline between Bilge and Connie. <br /> <br /> Throughout the remainder of the film, the plot and the upstream move between changing the comedic reliefs of trouble for two couples, which create several mini-lifts and falls. as part of the overall plot. Bake and Sherry shared their first moments together when they compete in a dance competition and eventually win it, reminding them of the success and pleasure they get when they are together. In the same way, Hold can faint Connie through his romantic attempts to please her, and they are removed to her house. <br /> <br /> This series of joyful events is soon accompanied by disturbing measures that bring the rebellion down. On the eve, Bake left Sherry to go to the ship before midnight, and told her that he would come for her in the morning. Unfortunately, the ship sets the course after the comrades return, frustrating Sherry and leaving her to think that Baik was still a typical sailor looking for a good time when he was on land. <br /> <br /> The mood changes again when another story is introduced into the film, when the “party of jumbo shots” takes a tour of the ship. This alternate storyline is used to create a buffer between the stories of the two main film relationships, as well as to help build confidence and love for the general good intentions of Bake. The party was interrupted by the fact that Bake and his companions played music that they did not hear when they missed the sound to report the company. Ladies are intrigued and asked to hear how they play, and Beyk happily begins to entertain them with some dances, which ultimately helps to improve the mood of the film, as well as bring happiness to the sailors. <br /> <br /> Returning to the couple's intertwined stories, Sherry is trying to prove to Baika that she does not need his help in finding a job. Unfortunately, Beyk does not know that she is going to audition, and is about to say a kind word about Sherry when he overhears his friend in the studio, talking about a wonderful audition lady. Baker himself decides to help Sherry by forging her water, making her unable to sing properly and destroying her audition. In addition to the mistake, Conny Connie spent all her money repairing the ship, which she hoped Bilge would become captain. She also planned a wonderful dinner date for him when he was to come, but Bilge knew about her intentions and hopes of getting married soon and was no longer interested, so he supported her. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film continues in the same mini-ups and downs format until a critical point is reached between the two pairs, which will complete the film with the happiness of both couples. Using changing stories helps create interest and emotion in each pair, as they face both happiness and pain in every fight. Intertwining stories can also be related to each other, as well as include other unrelated stories to help bring the narrative to the final scenes. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have countless films that combine melodrama, comedy, song and dance, “Follow the Fleet” is a unique film for two actors who successfully use plot techniques to help narration between the two main characters.
