What an entertaining movie. Aster and Randolph Scott in the Navy. Astaire should return Ginger to San Francisco, and Scott should be convinced that Harriet Hilliard deserves to be his wife. Everything works well. <br /> <br /> Sometimes they argue about this, and I understand why Scott’s novel with Hilliard is not needed and slows down the plot. Particularly painful is Hilliard's singing juicy love songs. I could do without her singing, quite true, but the novel seemed rather touching to me. Hilliard enters the cinema as a music teacher, wearing glasses, no makeup, and the ugliest clothes known to man or to animals. No wonder Scott avoids her until she sexually caresses herself under the care of her sister Ginger and the fit Lucille Ball. The problem is that AFTER her makeup, she looks like the same irretrievably simple woman, as before, only with a more glossy outfit. It's tough enough for a simple guy. But at least a man can become rich, powerful and popular, then he can collect women anyway, even if he looks like JoJo with a canine face. But what does an ordinary woman do? The same possibilities of romance are not open to her. Henry Kissinger had a fan. Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in such a cruel culture as ours. As a footnote, I have to mention that, according to rumors, Randolph Scott was bisexual because of Hollywood gossip, who needed some kind of nonsense, and it's pretty funny that he has the next line in this movie when he shoots home Hilliard - “Women don't interest me, sister.” The film probably gives more quality time to Ginger Rogers than any other film from Astaire. And she is amazing. She is a beautiful, sexy, talented actress and dancer, and the script gives her good comic lines. "Let's kiss and make up", Aster suggests. “Let's just make it up,” she says, “it will give you something to work on.” This is also the only film she made with Aster, which gives her a solo number while listening. (Staged by Hermes Pan.) Her performance accidentally sabotage Aster, who slips Alke Seltzer or something into her water, and she hiccups by her number, belching, being too indecent for time. <br /> <br /> As a dancer, I would make a terrific circus elephant, so my opinion should be taken as an amateur point of view, but I think that their dancing is comparable to what they did in the film. Their first, during the dance contest "Let Your Go Go", is the wildest of all that I can remember. And the only dramatic duet "Let's face it with music and dance" should be among their best. The final exit step is amazing. <br /> <br /> I like the movie for personal reasons. I remember when I first saw him at a theater in downtown San Diego, next to the Seven Seas shop, which served sailors. At that time, I was in good shape and was impressed by the attitude towards Aster and Scott’s marine career. I mean that we have this foamy musical comedy, which is absolutely not obliged to historical reality, and, nevertheless, unlike most of their other groups, it still pays its dues. Jumping from the ship, Aster calls for a "water taxi". I just took a water taxi to the beach myself. The form corresponds to the time (in contrast, say, from "To the city"). And they are worn correctly, hats up to two fingers above the width of the eyebrow and not thrown back. And there are two incidents in which Aster is faced with a problem with the naval authorities, and both of them are considered with full seriousness and are quite plausible. The officer stops Astaire from leading the jazz band during the check and informs the captain: “They played when the call was made, sir. I am sure that there was no violation of discipline. ” This is what an officer would say - a good officer, and no one laughed. <br /> <br /> The series was getting a little boring by the time “Follow the Fleet” was done, instead of putting Fred to the heights of society and tuxedo, instead they turned him into a chewing gum. It was a good idea. And the dance numbers correspond to the concept.
