Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the leading dance team in Hollywood, usually dressed in fluff and dust and slid over carefully exaggerated art deco sets in the 1930s. However, they are beyond the scope of this 1936 tour, the fifth of ten musicals together. This time, Aster refuses his top hat, white tie and tails to become a chewing gum named Baker; and Rogers plays the ballroom artist Sherry Martin, who was Beyk’s partner — dances and others — before he entered military service. Consequently, unlike the erroneous tricks of identity and the romantic vibrations that prevailed in most of their previous pairings, they are already a couple from the very beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mark Sandrich (who led their five pairings), the film bears a narrative resemblance to the “Roberta” of 1935, in which they are just one of two couples appearing in the storyline. In fact, Randolph Scott plays another male leader in both films, this time in the role of the feminine member of Beyke’s team, Bilge Smith. He does not cooperate with Irene Dunn (who, for obvious reasons, refused this continuation), but with Harriet Hilliard. Just married Ozzy Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzy and Harriet, Hilliard plays sister sister Sherry Connie, who falls heavily in love with Bilge. On the stupid story, she was remade by a young snow-white blonde Lucille Ball, and in front of the mirror is a classic trilateral picture of Hilliard, Boll and the charming kepi doll Betty Grable. <br /> <br /> Speaking of history, what is there is credited to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor, and it goes something like this ... Baké and Hold are on vacation on the beach in San Francisco, where they find themselves in the dance hall with their bullies. Baker finds Sherry working there, while Bilge first encounters Connie when she appears as a silly maid, and then appears as a glamorous girl. Romance blooms for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherited the steamer from their father, but they need money to keep it afloat. Multiple misunderstandings occur in both ways, but it all works when they turn a steamer into a theater and arrange a musical fundraiser. It sounds as silly as it sounds, but it gives a good excuse for some memorable Irving Berlin melodies and Aster-Rodgers' trio of dances. <br /> <br /> The first two are random in tone — a dance contest for trickling-in, “Let go of yourself,” where they mercilessly brag about the victory, and a physical comedy on a ship, putting the so-called “I put all my eggs in one basket. However, their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully designed in a stunning arrangement “Let's Face the Music and Dance”. Interestingly, this film contains not only Astera’s dance solo, but the only time Rogers ever had a dance solo for himself in one of his films, the energetic rhythm setting was again set to “Let Your Go Go”. Wearing a creamy satin sailor suit, she also sings the same song with a victory at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> In the performance of Aster and Rogers in typical piquant comic form. While Scott plays his part with his signature manly gaze, Hilliard is extremely dull, and as a former singer of the group, she sings two Berlin love songs with disappointing insecurity. Despite this, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in their prime, makes this important viewing. There are some good additions to the 2005 DVD, starting with the thirteen-minute featured article “Follow the Fleet: The Origins of Those Dancing Feet,” about how Aster and Rogers began working together. In addition, there is a “live game” called “Master of Melodies: Jimmy Lansford and His Dance Orchestra”, a cartoon film on the theme of a bird called “Let me be” and an original theatrical trailer.
