Hundstage is a deliberately ugly and unnerving study of life in the particularly dreary suburb of Vienna. This comes from the former documentary director Ulrich Zaydl, who takes a very documentary approach to the material. However, the film deviates from the normal types and presents us with characters that are best called “extremes” ?? some are very lonely; some extremely cruel; some very strange; some very insidious; some are extremely upset and misunderstood; and so on. The film combines several episodes that are practically unrelated to the plot, which are intertwined from time to time, each of which follows the characters for a couple of days during a sultry Vienna summer. Very few viewers will leave the film, feeling entertained ?? The intention is to point out many things that are not so with people, many misfortunes that plague our society as a whole. This is a thought-provoking film, and its findings are generally quite astounding. <br /> <br /> A fussy old widower dreams of her elderly cleaner and wants her to strip for him, wearing the clothes of his late wife. The dancer of the nightclub is struggling with the constant jealous and cruel behavior of her boyfriend racer. A couple grieving for a lost daughter can no longer communicate with each other and seek solace while having sex with other people. An abusive man mistreats his woman, but she forgives him again and again. The security vendor is desperately trying to find the culprit in vandalism in the workplace, but ultimately chooses an innocent scapegoat. A mentally ill woman continues to drive with strangers and insult them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these scattered characters converge for several days during the intense summer heat. <br /> <br /> Despair in the film is palpable. Many scenes are characterized by a long, awkward silence, which is twice as effective as the whole dialogue. Then there are other scenes in which the dialogue and events on the screen leave you staggering. In particular, the scene during which the security seller leaves a female hitchhiker at the mercy of a vengeful guy - beaten, raped and humiliated (fortunately, behind the scenes) for some kind of vandalism, which she didn’t even do - awakens a sour, almost evil taste . In another scene, a man lit a candle in his back and he was forced to sing the national anthem at gunpoint, and all this as part of his punishment for being against his wife. While we might want to applaud that this thug gets his revival, we simultaneously remain shocked and upset by the nature of his punishment. In fact, such sharp contrasts could serve as a result of the entire film - every moment of carelessness is balanced by the moment of cold. Every piece of hope is opposed by a sense of despair. For each character you might love or feel sympathy, there is another one that only encourages anger and hate. We may want to turn away from Hundstage, reject it as an exercise in suffering, but this also points to some inconvenient truths, and for that it should be welcomed.
