This film should be recognized as one of the most disturbing and exciting films in recent years. This is one of the few films, perhaps the only one that actually made me flinch: even Paso Pasa, with which this film compares, has not influenced me so much. I saw echoes in the film by such directors as Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself what was in the film, what made me feel, what did I do? I think the answer is that I watched a horror movie, but one that challenges or even completely changes the conventions of the specified genre. As a rule, terrible and frightening things happen in a horror film, but on the sidelines of civilized society: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, churchyards, morgues, etc. This treatment of horror, I think, is a kind of defense mechanism, the principle darkness and opacity, functioning as a kind of projection space for the desires and fears of the viewer. So from this point of view, Hundstage is not a horror film; it takes place in a perfectly normal society, and therefore does not indulge in the history of the horror film. But what you see is the ousting of some key themes from the horror genre, especially with regard to the body and its disorders, the stages of fright and torture, through which it can pass. What Seydl is doing is to use the settings of the everyday society of the middle class as a stage on which a recurring game of sexual aggression, loneliness, absence and violation of intimacy and integrity is transmitted: it was the themes that you would find terrified but exposed to the principle of light and transparency from which there is no way out. It is in this offset that the strength of the Seidl film is located. Hundstage considers these questions as a function of everyday life, displays them in frequent repetition, and not as sites of extremes and catharsis - a step that you will encounter in a specified horror genre. One of the important landmarks here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way to mix political with personal in his films, melodrama tactics, which allowed him to seriously and even morally solve political problems such as racism, domination, desire, property issues, sexual property and control, fascism, capitalism, and more. . Zeidl’s tactics for transforming the mechanisms of everyday society into the subject of his film puts him in close contact with Fassbinder; like this German ally, he has a kind of political vision of society, which he considers it his duty to put forward in his films. During a seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, at which Seydl was a guest, he was asked why he had so many cases of humiliated, conquered women in Hundstage, but there were no cases when a woman fought back, freeing herself. Zaydl replied that some might consider it immoral to display violence against women, but he himself considers it immoral not to show it. I think an artistic statement is as good as any other. Thank.
