In short, and not to spoil everything, this film is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief who has spoiled a large amount of stolen cars (50 in total). Then he threatens to be killed by the man who gave him the "order". Now the goal is to hijack 50 cars in 3 days with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a former booster, as well as Brother Kip and a couple of old friends Randall. As you can see, this is the same old, big bro, who has to get his little brother out of a routine of trouble, and, of course, Randall is the best thief ever to exist. Of course, as in all other films, there are several setbacks and surprises that you would never have thought of, but sometimes this is also predictable, so there’s nothing fantastic in this story. <br /> <br /> You are probably wondering now why this is about 51 times more than the HOT STUFF because there are only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars that can be stolen. Well, the other hot thing about this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (which will be a big star (trust me))). She is not only very convincing in the role of car theft, but also quite hot. Good, not hot, as in beautiful, but hot, as in damn cool and sexy. She was very believable in this role, probably because she is also some kind of wild woman in real life (do not believe me, read her biography), but look good at yourself, man, regarding sexuality. I only know that she plays the girl I like in this film, because she’s not too popular, a bit of an alternative look, and she even comes with a tattoo. <br /> <br /> OK, the only flaws that I felt while watching this movie were not too many actions, there is one completely unrealistic scene, the story is just fine, and there are not so many jokes. Hey, but after watching the whole movie, I have to say: WHO CARES. Why should I say this, well, because it was still interesting; there were some cool car chases; good music; some scenes of Bruckheimer (where the combination of music and lines of actors makes your eyes get wet); good actors who all did their work; beautiful cars; one cool, wild, sexy woman (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and, last but not least, very nice and cool tools for raising cars. So there are some downsides here, but still a pretty good and interesting movie. In general, the best way to describe this movie is that it’s generally a good movie with a cool one ?? successful ending. <br /> <br /> As for Nicolas Cage, ok ?? He is now one of my all-time favorite action movie after such good films as The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes, and finally this one. Plus, what actor has had so many good action / thriller films in recent years and such successful ones? Well, no one !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he is also one of my favorites. True, in Mr. Cage Bruckheimer's films, the truth is that they continue to deteriorate. The rock was clean 9, Con air was a good figure eight, and it’s clear that this is 7. It’s not that this mark was bad. Does this not show that his films under the leadership of Bruckheimer continue to deteriorate and that perhaps Cage should think longer before accepting a role in the film, and perhaps he should make several smaller films? No, it doesn’t show us, because almost all Cage films have been successful over the past few years, with the exception of 8 mm and “Get Out of the Dead.” I admit that the 8mm was not great, but it was never Cage's mistake, and the story seemed good to me. About the last film I can not say anything, because I have not seen it yet. Although I know one thing for sure: if Bruckheimer would have asked me for these three films, I would say YES to them all. I would say “Rock” “yes” because the story was great and because you will play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would say “Con Air” “yes” because there would be a lot of action in it, because the story was good, and because you have to play with John Malkovich and Wing Reims. In this film, I would be shot because I would get a big salary, I could ride some cool and fast cars and because I could kiss Angelina Jolie (I can't wait to see her in that Lara Croft outfit). It was a good choice of Mr. Cage, and he certainly was worth seeing in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
