This is a clever episode of the Twilight Zone, which was more comic than strange or tragic. Buster Keaton - Woodrow Mulligan, a cleaner from America in 1890, works in a laboratory. He is constantly worried about the life problems around him: the meat is too expensive (it costs $ 1 per pound. I can’t hear it!). He always screams after crazy speeders (on bikes - cars have not yet appeared). Having reached the end, he sees the scientist as a device that looks like a helmet, puts it on and tries it. Suddenly he is in modern America. The beginning was a seven minute silent film. Now this is all the noise, everyone is talking, everyone is dancing, everyone is blowing. Keaton is here in just a few minutes, when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He runs into Stanley Adams, Professor Rollo, who understands that Mulligan is from approx. 1890 (he mentions President Cleveland). Rollo always wanted to live in this charming, peaceful age. He helps Mulligan to repair his helmet, and they return in time. Rollo after a while becomes boring because of the lack of scientific equipment that he could use. Mulligan puts on his helmet and sends him to the future. But now Woodrow is completely satisfied with the quiet, simple age in which he lives. He found satisfaction. <br /> <br /> In the past fifteen years, Buster Keaton has often appeared on television (many times for Allan Fanta in CANDID CAMERA, where he could help create spectacular public tricks. He also made several films (in particular, a funny thing, happened on the way to the forum and the railway station.) But he sometimes appeared in television plays and episodes. Here he is in his element, apparently advising the director (old director of comedy films Norman MacLeod - he sent the Marx brothers to "HORSE" ) on the techniques that he could do Look at how Stanley Adams and he spend time with Adams, picking him up when he picks up the pants he needs. In terms of time, this is reminiscent of one of the gags he made in films like SHERLOCK JR in the 20s. The episode does show Keaton in a good mood for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> Jesse White’s appearances (here as a repairman, all things) are always welcome. But look a little at Professor Rollo. Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in film and television from the 1950s until his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, with an untidy appearance and a heavy, loud voice, his most famous dramatic role was as a wrestling promoter in the REQUIEM FOR HEAVY film version (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a fighter in an Indian costume). His most famous television appearance was in the role of the space trader, who represents the Star Ship team in Star Trek to these fluffy, fertile little Triblies creatures (as in Lurch with). Adams was always worth watching (like Jesse White and, of course, like Keaton), improving most of the productions in which he appeared. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end for a first-class character.
