Cosimo (Louis Guzman) is imprisoned for stealing from a car, and there he is given a plan for a perfect robbery from a life prisoner; so he must quickly get out of prison. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who will spend his time in prison for money. But no one wants to devote time to Cosimo’s crime, and yet everyone seems to know the guy who will do it. Soon the bad boxer Pero Makhalovich (Sam Rockwell) finds out the details of this so-called “perfect job”. <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this film was very funny, and from my point of view, I would recommend it to everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not watch the Italian original, so I can not judge or compare these two films. But “Welcome to Collinwood” is a great comedy for yourself: about four people are trying to rob money from a vault in the same house. Everyone gave their part of the brilliance of this film. A truly excellent film for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Louis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their share of this project. <br /> <br /> Maybe to say that this film is only comedic, not honest. It is more than that. Because of one difference. All thieves in this film have very little desires when they are asked: what will they do with their money? This mainly ensures their future in a very modest way. This fact goes beyond the comedy to the soul of criminals. And not only them, but also policeman Babić, who is presented as spoiled; So the directors of Rousseau give us the fact that the criminals and the police are the same. In fact, everything in Collinwood; and not only in Collinwood, because all people are chasing money in a legal or illegal way. I do not like all the movies that end up like the viewers and greet the thieves. But this is an exception. You must love them all. Riley with his young child and wife in prison. Toto with his pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a whore!" and all the rest. They're like characters in my favorite comic, Alan Ford. They are all trying to make some money, but they just had no luck. But they all did one good deed: they gave Riley the money so that he could get his wife out of prison. They are all heroes in my eyes, because many "honest" people would not do that.
