When I first watched the film at the age of 14, I remember being amazed to hear the word “shit” (sh * t) for the first time on Soviet television (I bet it really is * for the first time * in history) Someone wants to add it to the section trivia? :) What an open courage and freedom, I thought! The years went by, I was more and more impressed with the film and the incredible acting, but my feelings turned into a mixture of pleasure from a genuine work of cinematographic art and a bitter realization of the concept diametrically opposed to my 14-year-old. impression: helplessness. In the film, an atmosphere of imminent catastrophe hangs, a primitive degenerate tide (embodied by Sharikov), engulfing the lives of the best minds, advancing humanity in their fields ... in order to unleash the power of mediocrity and absorb it ... Exceptionally beautiful and talented thing, wrapping a really sad idea into a brilliantly satirical and elegant form. It is symbolic enough that the film itself marked the end of the era of Soviet cinematic traditions before the Hollywood tsunami knocked them down ?? Probably, judging by the majority of modern Russian films (most of them in the preliminary release are designated as “blockbusters”! ”, Trailers and posters :). <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, this “shit” episode does not contradict Efensthor’s commentary above, the rude language of the current generation ... From what I have already said, it may seem that this may be a film that showed way for it, but it is not. A soft word by today's standards, then it was too rough and rude enough to show the true nature of all Sharikov ... By the way, the cry of Efenstor, it is too naive to compare intelligence and the use of coarse vocabulary, especially for Russian speakers, where the same key word may have values ​​that accept sentences in translation! But I join in regretting that ALL the value in today's conversation of a teenager can be expressed by curses. I feel that this is a more serious problem than the choice of carrier, which is most effective for this task :). Well, this film and book is great food for thought that can change them, or anyone who can afford the luxury of watching it.
