This film (and yes, this film - it was shot as two participants, but taken together, which make up just over 2 hours) is one of the unsung masterpieces of world cinema. Very educated, and at the same time absolutely wild condemning the Soviet regime and the type of person who thrived under it, the film is a true adaptation of the book of Mikhail Bulgakov, a long-banned book of the same name. The shooting is impeccable, and the director made a brilliant decision to shoot in monochrome sepia, adding a sense of authenticity, where the blurry color incarnation of the late 80s would almost destroy the film. I will not talk much about the plot, which deserves to be opened by the viewer himself, but the performances are the real Oscar material; Special references are made to E. Evstigneev, who plays the old professor with such presence, seriousness and good wisdom, that as he barely utters a word or gesture, he ends up stealing every scene he is in. The second, of course, “Creature” / Sharikov, who played V. Tolokonnikov’s terrible perfection, is a much more frightening character than Hannibal Lecter, because he not only exists in real life - entire countries were ruled by the same people as he, throughout history, with all that follows. <br /> <br /> Although this is a socio-political allegory, it is worth mentioning that the film is also full of humor, albeit a dark one - there are many outspoken comedies that did not make me laugh as much as this film. Moreover, laughing at this film, I feel not only fun, but also understanding and agreement, which is always a plus. <br /> <br /> I hardly have any complaints about this film - the only Minor flaw is the tone of intellectual / bourgeois snobbery, which I sometimes noticed in “enlightened” characters. But this is a small argument. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this film seems to have bypassed Western licensing companies. It is a shame to be ashamed that one of the best films in the world is languishing unrestored and untranslated (which should not be incredibly difficult - although all cultural references and revolutionary terminology will surely disappear in translation, the main themes of the film should be accessible to everyone). While we are waiting with crossed fingers for the release of Criterion, I am thinking about creating English subtitles. Let's see how it goes.
