Well, after reading a couple of reviews about Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clarify some misunderstandings about the direct theft from Nadia: Secret of Blue Water. The only part that was robbery from Nadia is that the suspension from Nadia and the suspension from Atlantis are so similar in terms of how it is used, its origin and how it was created from the source of life, that there is no doubt that it was copied. If you want to think about how Kidd and Nadia are dressed the same way, then you can put it against Disney (for Nadia and Kidd, it was strange to wear these bikini-style clothes in science fiction, not to mention the fact that they both move in similar style too). As an anime fan, I have to agree that there is some degree of copying, but these are only small details, and although not many of the ideas are original (for example, the encryption design on the wall in Laputa, the ancient mask from Princess Mononoke, the similarity of vehicles on a submarine " Garfish "in Nadia, etc.). The plot itself, I believe, is quite original, and it is surprising that Disney can shoot it without using Captain Nemo (Jules Verne’s main character in the 20k League “Under the Sea, which is also the main character in Nadia). As for Milo and Jean, wearing glasses in a similar style ... As shown in The Lord of the Flies, glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think that Milo, Jin, the main character from Stargate and a dozen other INTELLIGENT characters would look unfit for the role if they left without glasses. As for submarines, and how submarines fight (with these wide explosive torpedoes, which really resemble what Nautils does), I want to state that this is an indispensable element for any of them if Atlantis is involved in a conspiracy (after all, this is a sunken city under the waters). As for the team, which has some characteristic similarities with the team from Nautilius in Nadia, this may be work, but I do not feel any copyright infringement, since the characters of the character were completely original for me. As an anime fan who ranked Nadia as the best anime I watched even today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the preview. But now, when I watched the film, I again gained trust in Disney and had high hopes for their future films after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movie, until I shake the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie, and that's a plus, that they revised their stupid scripts to make it even better. Also, it's amazing that they actually depict bad guys who look normal without making them too angry at the beginning (I was wondering who these bad guys are and only blonde looks like a bad character in terms of how Disney paints it’s different so the bad guys look really menacing)
