After watching his two quiet shorts “Helen and Her People (1956)” - my first full-length film by French director Jean Renoir, and I really liked it. However, I did not watch the film for Renoir, but for star Ingrid Bergman, which ?? at 41 years old ?? Unsurpassed beauty, elegance and charm are still radiated. In the early 1950s, after a scandalous marriage with the Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily lost public popularity. Her next five films, shot by her husband, were unsuccessful in the United States, and I suspect that the latest release of Renoir did little to increase Bergman’s popularity among English-speaking audiences {however, she regained her previous success with Oscar that same year 'Anastasia ( 1956) '}. She plays the role of Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who considers herself a kind of guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to promising men everywhere before throwing them away immediately. Working with her lucky charms to help the political aspirations of outstanding General Francois Rolland (Jean Marais), she discovers that she falls in love with her, from which she cannot escape. This vaguely political film works well as a satire or a romantic comedy, unless you take it too seriously; it's just a carefree romantic down. <br /> <br /> Filmed in bright “Technicolor”, “Elena and her people” also looks amazing, the flow of bright colors, characters and costumes. Polish princess Bergman is dreamy and in a certain way immersed in herself, not entirely unpleasant, but she is hardly a woman of high principles and convictions. A group of convinced government conspirators persuaded her to convince General Rolland to stage a coup d'état, consciously using her love for her to satisfy her own fallacies as a “guardian angel”. Perhaps the only legally virtuous character in the film is Henri de Shevinkur (Mel Ferrer, then husband Audrey Hepburn), who ignores the secondary promptings of everyone else and pursues Elena for love and love alone. This, Renoir says with pride, is what the true French do best. "Elena and her people" are also trying with moderate success to expose the superficiality of the French high-class ties through the clumsy flirtation of Eugène (Jacques João), who cannot make love to his servant's mistress without his fiancé, going to them. For these episodes, Renoir obviously tried to create a humorous kind of humor, which you can find in the film “Marx Brothers”, but the film itself is so relaxed and unconstrained that there is simply no energy.
