From the time of my third or fourth viewing some time ago, I refrained from “La Maman et la putain” while waiting for the DVD. At the same time, I read the French script, as well as the monograph by Alain Filippon about Jean Yustach. The latter ends with a disappointing film, eleven films, fiction, documentary and intermediate films that cannot be seen, or, in the case of Mes petites amoureuses and Le Père Noël ..., again. <br /> <br /> Several questions that struck me at this moment: the French language of Polish Véronika is quite conversational (un max d '"un max d'"). Despite this, does she have an accent? I think I can say what she does. What adds a lack of color, especially in one place where the outskirts of the city are visible? How does this band differ from sleep and travel that separates the worlds of Storm and Winter's Tale? Same Alphaville. We can imagine how many years have passed since it happened, but does Eustache intentionally restrict the film’s medium? Is this an enchanted island? Is Alexander a fairy tale? Alexander always choreographs himself, worries about how or where to stand or walk, what to say, when announcing these decisions to someone who needs to care less than he does what he does. Or is it his way of trying to choreograph others, doing it for himself? How different is he from Scotty Vertigo? (I say, I think, very much.) What is the difference, and is there any difference between the flattery Eustathius, the truffs and Godard? How different is the current Léaud? Doesn't he do all this, what is this, in the last roles, Irma V, Le Pornographe, regardless, approaching old age? One day I arrived early for one of the TV shows in the main films of Antoine Doinel (character Leo) Truffaut. For a long time, every three or five minutes, a twenty-year-old man in a scarf, tweed coat, with Léaud hair, with a nose looking for direction, came down the aisle. I have no idea if this was a conscious or unconscious facial expression. I was at that age, but I have no idea how I looked then. No scarf at least. I, however, have a brother who seems to have recognized his carriage from Bresson.
