Firstly, I really liked this film and its message, which says about daring to live fully. Very poetic, with heartbreaking, funny and sad scenes, very lively, it was nice to watch. Here are my "exceptions": the film was too long, and at some point he continued to add more and more additional conflicts, so he began to lose the main storyline. I disagree, although with another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people with “strange” problems in such a small village. I think it was absolutely realistic! Unbelievable dramas are happening everywhere, we just don’t know about people we meet only superficially. I did not like the finale, which was so loaded with symbolism and extremely forced. It left a bad taste, since it was too much. I didn’t like that the group harshly mentioned so many big problems (when some blamed others for the main things on others, it would be more “shameful” for people to express everything so personal to everyone, even if these people are we work closely together). And: to protect oneself is the strongest human instinct. So why on earth did Daniel allow himself to be defeated and never resist, even to protect himself? I mean, he was not weak, he could at least try to protect himself when he was attacked, but it just infuriated me that he didn’t do anything. As if the narrator was trying to force the message “no need for violence”, but the way he decided to do it was not good. I am also against violence, but the character loses confidence when he remains motionless, despite all the attacks. Q: Gabriella ... why the woman who spent years with the man who beat her went to this man when he was arrested and said: “I don’t wish you any harm. like all of us. "Oh, really, it was so messed up! She was going to be holy or something? gorgeous, that she made her forget about everything that happened to her? Oh, please. So these were spoiled moments. However, I still think this is a generally amazing film that is quite amazing, given my discomfort from many things. Watch it !! ;-)
