The famous international conductor Daniel Dareus (Michael Nikvist) has a heart attack due to intense professional activity, and he interrupts his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, from where his mother left when he was a seven-year-old sensitive boy who mocked Connie and his other schoolmates to live a quiet life. He buys the old school and is invited to participate in the church choir by the local shepherd Stigom (Niklas Falk), but the reluctant and shy Daniel refuses the principle. Nonetheless, he contacts the community and feels attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with a local doctor. His music opens the hearts of choir members, influencing their daily lives: the slow Torah (Andre Scheberg) has the opportunity to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), Stig's wife, reveals her repressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) is opposed to her abusive and cruel husband; gossip and disappointed Siv (Ilva Löf) opens his heart against Lena; Fat Holmfried (Mikael Ram) cries enough against the jokes of businessman Arne (Lennart Yakel); even Daniel begins to love people and Lena as the love of his life. When they are invited to take part in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel discovers that his music opens the hearts of people, thanks to which his dream becomes a reality. <br /> <br /> “Så Som I Himmelen” is a touching and sensitive film with a very beautiful story. It is impressive how director Kay Pollak and the writers were able to develop a huge number of characters in 132 minutes. The performances are top notch, supported by great music and at least two amazing moments: when Gabrielle sings her song at a concert, and, of course, the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and everyone who takes part in the tune, and Daniel makes his dream come true. As in the "Theorem", a stranger changes the life of not only the family, but also the conservative community. In addition, as in many European films, an open conclusion suggests that Daniel really died, at least in my interpretation, reaching the world with the success of his music. My eyes got wet in these two scenes. My voice is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): “Vida no Paraíso” (“Life in Paradise”)
