Warm-hearted Kay Pollak 2004 Så som i himmelen / “Like in Heaven” contains all the stereotypes of Swedish humanity and inhumanity, but, nevertheless, he likes the crowd. It contains a lot of ammunition for cynical critics, observers for succession and for whistleblowers saccharins, but at the same time managed to portray the colors of life in a small community. The film also tells how to “find your voice” and “just do it despite your fear,” without removing the lump from the cynical throat. <br /> <br /> His success as a Crowd pleases from two facts. First, small films about strangers bringing new life to rural Christian communities offer ample opportunities to demonstrate hypocrisy, while at the same time allowing the repressed characters to fall out of their hairstyles. In the same year and with the same Swedish breeze, the Queen of Sheba did this, and Babeth Pir comes to mind. Secondly, any film about small communities shooting the wide world will cause a response in our increasingly individual / egocentric and impersonal world. The structural similarity of this film with such films as “Full Monty”, “Brassed Off”, “Girls from the Calendar” and “On a Clear Day” shows his commitment to the formula. But this is a formula in which life is not yet complete, and it seems that this is due to the fact that people need films with a positive message that evoke a sense of community almost independently of themselves. <br /> <br /> Stranger maestro Daniel Dareus burned down in search of self-discovery. The city he visits, or rather visits, is, without the knowledge of the citizens, the place of his childhood. His classmates mocked mercilessly here, presumably because he was a sensitive musician without wanting to drive a truck. Here he takes over the work of cantor / choirmaster, despite the usual suspicions of artists and outsiders. This place, of course, is inhabited by a wide range of recognizable types, whose characteristic arcs can be predicted: a broken, fair-haired girl, so beautiful that it almost glows; local businessman calling by mobile phone; a woman whose beauty is lost in domestic abuse; The steel pastor and his less strict wife, who at first glance seem to be straight from Ingmar Bergman. Also present: a jealous, boisterous spinster (Siv) (check); geriatric whose soul is still singing (check); an elderly couple who may have suppressed each other's desires from kindergarten (check); an obese person whose function is to indicate that we should not laugh and say “fat man” (check); mentally retarded boy, who proved that he can sing well "A" (check). <br /> <br /> Pollack film is not all warm thinking. It deviates from the subgenre "Let's make a show, despite the setbacks and moral opposition." It contains violence and an ending, which may well be a metaphor for death after attaining creative nirvana. Violence in the film is basically a function of male anger and repression, but it never goes deep into why the school bully that turns into the beating of a wife is like that. In the same way, the small town of Pastor adheres so closely to the moralistic, over-Protestant stereotype in black clothes, that its secret indulgence in women's magazines is hardly surprising. His repressions and hypocrisy are there, hanging, not related to psychological reality. Perhaps an inexplicable photo of a young boy, perhaps a lost son, who was once glanced over his shoulder, keeps a secret. <br /> <br /> These holes may be editing functions, for example, some inconsistencies and discontinuities that may be spotted, such as the inexplicable appearance of Siva in the choir (twice) after flashes of moralism. In fact, none of the hitches in the film lasts very long and it seems that everything has been decided in one scene. Besides some clumsy love scenes, the film’s 127 minutes stretch rarely, but there is a feeling that things might have been left on the floor of the cutting room. <br /> <br /> The film remains a solid three-star fare, despite the holes that can be selected in it. This is simply because, in a world of technology-focused and materialistic self-searching, any glimpse of the human community, deep down, is welcomed to everyone, even cynical ones.
