This is a very exciting BBC-TV mini-series, which is largely based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is rather a study of different characters in a story that lasts five hours. Thus, it is largely an ensemble, where many brilliant British actors and actresses can show off their talents. In fact, the characters depicted are "people who are not usually met," people are so boring and inconspicuous that it is difficult to admire them. For example, the main character is a young husband (one whose wife disappears), who has no job and no interest in finding her. He lives at the expense of handouts his parents. He was once in the army, but he does not seem to have the slightest glimpse of any ambition or any interest in life, except that he loves his little family. He plays David Oelovo, who brilliantly copes with his role and looks like a completely sympathetic person, although his only activity for five hours is love and grief, which he does great, so everyone wants to console him as he is, obviously , good guy. An outstanding performance of the entire series, of course, is Penelope Wilton, who surrounds everyone else in this story. She is just incredible. She portrays a very non-sympathetic woman, truly the only person in history who is too familiar to everyone, namely, irrational, hysterical, self-centered, dense, strange, blindly loving and blindly hating, an elderly idiot woman. Alas, alas, we know them too well. Wilton is one of the best British actresses (see My Review of her in “Half Broken Things”). She takes a character that could be two-dimensional and makes her four-dimensional. She is well supported by old pro Patrick Malahide, who plays her exasperated husband, and they really set high standards for all young players. Janet MacTyr, a spectacular actress when she is younger, has become a much less attractive type of person now that she’s older, has grown a little coarse and puts off one, but she redeems herself in the final stages of the story, showing how brilliantly an actress she can be when She has the chance to shoot one of the most convincing and original drunken scenes I've ever seen in a movie. The big surprise is the mysterious character Sarah, whom the actress Sarah Smart played with great depth and originality. She takes a character who could be unbearably tedious, and thanks to the magic of acting, turns her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person, of which we tirelessly wonder during all five hours. She is so good at this that we frankly wonder about Sarah Smart. I think this is what happens when you really do your job correctly, when people wonder where the character ends, and the actress begins, if she knows herself, that is, and many do not. She has some deeply unnerving tricks with her eyes that hesitate and let us know that she is upset, but we are not sure how or why, although we will eventually learn that she had an extremely cruel and traumatic childhood. Her skill to express ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is surprisingly convincing as an obviously hopeless guy who lives with his mom and not so much, but it turns out, has hidden depths. (I suppose that most people have hidden depths, but whether we want to weigh them out, that is the question.) His mother played Margo Lester very well. A great performance is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a quirky, disgusting teenage girl, which we are all afraid to meet, but which at crucial moments falls in helpless tears and turns out to be pathetic, and her arrogance is just a pose. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's girlfriend, her younger stepbrother and half-sister. Younger brothers and sisters can be very vague, as the characters of this story (they seem to be unable to say something particularly distinct, being hopeless witnesses to the disappearance), and they can hardly recommend them, except for their sweet nature, but it is transmitted in an amazing way. Lee Massey as a boy and Tyler Anthony as a girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we cannot see much of it, which is a shame, because she is such a wonderful actress that she was wasted here. You can continue, but somewhere you need to draw a line. The series manages in an amazing way because of the depth of drawing all these essentially uninteresting people captured by the web of strong anxiety and anxiety.
