However, the final World War II program “Peace in War” is not only long, but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes) and includes the events preceding and following the war. Most of the episodes are about the war in Europe, and there are several episodes about the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information about wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic, and native fronts of Germany, Great Britain, the United States, and the Soviet Union. There is one episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the episode "New Germany" (1933-1939) and tells about the growth of the Nazis in Germany and the territorial gains of Germany before the war. The series ends with an episode of Remember; the influence of war in the post-war world. Remember, this is the right episode to complete this wonderful program. Each episode begins with a short introduction, and then with opening credits. Loans are accompanied by a powerful music theme. In this series, many suitable pieces of music. Each episode is like a mini-movie. Frames are fantastic, like all together. In addition, some frames in color. The included information also makes episodes memorable and interesting. <br /> <br /> The series was prepared by Jeremy Isaacs for Temes Television (UK). Launched in 1969, production took four years, such was the depth of his research. The series was narrated by Lawrence Olivier (one of the most famous and respected actors of the 20th century). The series interviewed leading participants in the Allied and Axis campaigns, including eyewitness accounts made by civilians, military personnel, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Moldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbetts, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in "Creating a World in War" that he wanted to interview, not necessarily surviving big names, but their assistants and helpers. According to Isaac, the most difficult subject that could be found and persuaded to give an interview was the adjutant of Heinrich Himmler Karl Wolf. The latter admitted that he had witnessed a large-scale execution in the presence of Himmler. <br /> <br /> “Peace in War” is often considered the ultimate television story of World War II. Some consider this the best example of a documentary form. In the list of the 100 greatest British television programs, compiled by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted by industry professionals, World in War ranked 19th. The program has everything you need to know the viewer about the war. After watching several episodes, I liked the series so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one by one. I have seen some of them several times. I know about two other great documentary series that may interest the viewer. One is called the “Great War” (1964), dedicated to the First World War. The other is called the Cold War (1998), which explicitly refers to the Cold War.
