The music and dark delivery of Lawrence Olivier set the tone perfectly for this outstanding documentary. This still needs to be seen by fans of the Second World War, the descendants of the participants in this conflict, politicians who think that everything goes their own way when they expand their foreign policy through the deck of an aircraft carrier (did you hear that George W. Bush?) And any other curious or needing to know who, how and how relates to a particular aspect of this conflict. The 26 episodes are approximately in chronological order, but they can be seen out of order, as they are more or less self-sufficient. There must be a new understanding for the new viewer because of the huge volume represented. The actual battle shots are interspersed with interviews of those involved in the story. Many of the interviews are conducted with the authorities of the second line, that is, with the support staff of the main characters, privates, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses, and the like. You really feel what war is. <br /> <br /> Now I am watching a DVD version of the original television documentary. I highly recommend this for worn, jagged, overpriced VHS offers available on eBay. I paid 120 Canadian dollars for five double-sided DVDs. This new release includes bonus material and is in full screen mode. The menus are easy to browse, you first need to choose which episode you want to view, and then, after selecting, you are given the opportunity to select different chapters in the episode or play the entire episode. It is clear that with such a comprehensive presentation there is a bit more navigation in the menu, but the effect of what you see will not decrease after 30 years, no, 60 years after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> I remember watching the first broadcast at Buffalo PBS station before moving from London in 1975 and wanted me to have a copy from that time. Now my wish has finally come true. <br /> <br /> Watch this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and problems that overcome those who come from America, Russia, Britain, Canada and all other countries and peoples involved in the final victory. What a sensational.
