This interesting feature has a very thin storyline, quite colorful characters and a very steady pace. it also includes a plot device from “Reaping the Wild Wind”, and since Cecil B. Dale directed it, and his son-in-law, Anthony Quinn, made this film from his preparations, this can hardly be a coincidence. It works in both cases, I have to report. The unusual situation tells the viewer that Baratariya, an island ruled by Jean Lafitte, is built on piracy, but during the war of 1812 and earlier it always abstained from anxiety by the courts of the United States. Now General Andrew Jackson was assigned to protect nearby New Orleans with just 12,000 people against 60,000 British imperial uniforms and 60 ships. Lafitta people want him to side with a stronger force; he wants freedom and forgiveness for his people, before giving up such a strategic landing place to American forces. Other factors work in the storyline; Pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack the American ships and do it against the orders of Lafitta, leaving the boy alive, not knowing that they missed an eyewitness. When his testimony finally comes out, Jackson cannot satisfy Lafitte's request; but Lafitte supports him anyway, and in the fog the pirates and Jackson smash the English, and he floats away to any fate awaiting a man who possessed genius and state craftsmanship, but not a fortune. The cast of this colorful and physically beautiful film is really qualified. Yul Brynner plays one of his best roles as Pirate King, Inger Stevens is beautiful; as a girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many good lines, because his advisor, influential Lorne Green, rival EG. Marshal Governor, and Claire Bloom as charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Other artists include Ted de Corsia, Douglas Dumbril, George Matthews, Henry Hull as adviser to Jackson, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stephens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffreys and Leslie Bradley and others. Elmer Bernstein’s music is very memorable, and the script from 1938 that was reworked here needed only a little refreshment. The brilliant cinema was the work of Loyal Griggs veterans, the sets were supplied by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, the sets Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and the costumes of Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Shester. Nellie Manley made complicated hairstyles, and Wally Westmore - complex makeup. The film contains quite a few good conversations at the level of adventure and a very strong battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, was preparing to play the role of a senior general, and then discovered that this man was young during the battle; but he is often effective, gray-haired or not, especially in his exchanges with Henry Hull in the role of Mr. Peavy. This is an exciting and well-organized entertainment that looks exactly like B. B. DeMille finished his production; This is a beautiful and almost very good motion picture.
