If my expectations were not exceeded, they certainly came true. Nancy Drew works as a mystery as well as a comedy. He pays tribute to the books on which he is based, and at the same time forges them. The film begins with a close-up on a bookshelf and an animated credit sequence, reminiscent of illustrations from books. Then he immediately begins to launch the book. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to be aware that the idea that a teenage girl regularly breaks criminal rings in a small town is ridiculous, so he does not relate to this idea from a religious point of view. He ridicules Nancy Drew's ability to do anything, such as the ace in every lesson at school, know which baked treat is ideal for turning any enemy in her direction, build a chicken house with twelve flying buttresses and even perform an emergency tracheotomy for a party. Nancy would always be in perfect style if she lived in the healthy 1950s instead of the current LA, and she carries with her a “sleep set”, complete with fingerprints, a flashlight, a compass and a magnifying glass. Of course, it is ridiculous, but it seems to me that at any moment Hardy Boys access to CSI equipment was too convenient. And if the cheerful private eye is a bit younger than its literary colleague, this is just a comedic exaggeration on the part of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the film is treated more seriously. Nancy and her father's lawyer move from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy is investigating the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new home several decades ago. Nancy is looking for clues in some rather practical ways, such as surfing on sites like Google and this one, and watching old videotapes of the victim’s films. When she does something unusual, you should admire the girl’s resourcefulness. Emma Roberts, undeniably cute child, plays the size of a pint of an amateur detective beautifully. She makes too perfect a girl quite attractive, if not very realistic. Tate Donovan is also good as the father of a too perfect girl, Carson Drew. He is the ideal father figure, not being unrealistically perfect, and he takes reasonable care of his daughter when she is in danger. Less pleasant is that Max Tiero accepts Ned Nickerson, Nancy's boyfriend. I really preferred the image of George O'Hanlon Jr. in the 1970s television series featuring Pamela Sue Martin in the role of Nancy Drew, in which Ned was an awkward, awkward child in love with Nancy. Corky's character (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old boy in love with Nancy, is far less annoying than Ned Max Thyrota. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem to be suitable actors in the role of Nancy in the Bess and George films, but they are shot in short cameos only at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Speaking of Kame, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jamison of “Ocean 13”), and Bruce Willis suddenly appear at a party, which only proves that you can never guess what movie will appear in Bruce Willis is next. <br /> <br /> The movie does not match a certain potential. It was previously mentioned that Drews’s new home was heavily mined, but a few minutes later, Nancy and her father ended up stumbling over the booby traps. In addition, Nancy describes a cold deal that she is going to investigate as a murder committed at an extravagant party that should lead to a lot of potential killers, but she meets only a few suspects. And although during the adventures of Nancy there are some moments of real waiting, the decision of the case comes from nowhere, and, in the end, all possible subject threads are connected too conveniently, and who cares who did it. Ralph Salla's rating adds to the expectation of the film, but modern teenybopper songs woven into the soundtrack are lame. Nevertheless, I really liked this film, and although the film is aimed primarily at teenage girls, people of any age and gender may like it.
