La Maman et la putain is the most beautiful film of all time. And what touches the most is the connection between reality and art, about which the film tells, which is directly connected with Proust’s film A la Recherche du temps perdu. <br /> <br /> Indeed, “La Maman et la putain”. “And“ In Search of the Lost Time ”, apparently, tell the same story: about the failure of love, which is repeated endlessly. The first woman is always called Gilbert, and the second woman looks like Gilbert's twisted and deformed twin: Veronica looks like a "whore Gilbert", beautiful as night, while Gilbert was pure and "beautiful as day." After the failure of the first love, the second love begins, but this one seems to be doomed first. Veronica takes the place of Gilbert, in the life of Alexander and in the film. She gradually overshadows her, first from time to time, Gilberte still arrives when Alexander waits for Veronica, then completely. This shows that the same sad story repeats itself, the same “unfaithful woman”, as Alexander says, which appears endlessly - and incorrect for Proust - the highest point in love, which makes her exist, but which also emphasizes her illusions. /> <br /> Art - this is what causes the transition between what is outside - the illusion of love - to what is inside, which is truth, and is the knowledge of this truth. For example, when Veronica notices the strange way that Alexander makes bedding, he replies that he saw it in a movie, and then that the film “this is done in order to learn how to live, how to make a bed”. Alexander wants to live like he was in the film, he wants his life to be an art. <br /> <br /> This concept of art comes from Proust, with whom Yustache shares the same rejection of “political art” and realism in art. “La Maman et la putain” fights against the concept of “fundamentally political” art - see, for example, the ironic review of the political film of Alexander. As Proust says: "Art does not care about all these proclamations and exists only in silence." First, art is introspection. And that is why realism or naturalism is rejected: art must transform reality in order to exist. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, and that is a lie." That is why “La Maman et la putain” does not hide its artificiality, emphasizing how the actors “pronounce” their text: “the more you look artificial, the higher you go,” said Yustach. <br /> <br /> Eustache and Proust share this idea that the artist is a “translator” of inner truth. But Alexander failed where Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la putain" tells us about the inability of the character to be who he really is. You may feel that tragedy arises when you go further in the film, which becomes sad. This can be seen in the face of Alexander, who more and more resembles the living dead. You can see this by the fact that the scenes are getting longer, and that after a while nothing happens on the street. At the end of the film, when you see how Alexander writes, and Veronica asks if he writes his life, you can guess that this is not so that even the literature has failed. The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, who is broken by the weight of reality. And in this tiny room of the nurse, Alexander looks more like Albertina than Marseille. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexander is a reader of Balzac. In The Form and Meaning, Jean Rousset explains that Proust’s readers of Balzac, Swann and Sharlus, are not capable of artistic creativity, because they are stuck in a reality that they mistaken for art. They see reality in art and "do not realize the transformations that necessarily exist between the life of the artist and his work, between reality and art." And this is exactly Alexander. For example, he claims that he “loves a woman for parallel reasons, because she played, for example, in Bresson.” He is like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like a Botticelli woman. <br /> <br /> “Life may not be my calling.” This idea really belongs to Evstach, who committed suicide, even if it was said by Alexander. Nevertheless, there is a difference between Alexander and Yevstache: if Yevstache is absolutely Alexander, Alexander looks like a double without art, a terrible vision of an artist that crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> Following Veronica The end of the film, Alexander, was sentenced to illusion. This is a death that reminds me of the last shots of the film, in the face of Jean-Pierre Leo, and also in the endless spanking of Veronica. Or maybe it is already a hell that describes the end, as in "Huit-Clot" Sart, and is completely unlike the final release of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Yustasch had read Proust, Alexander would never have finished the book, always outraged by life and Veronika, when he tries to read it in his apartment or in a cafe. “La Maman et la Putain” reminds the reverse deuce “In Search of Lost Times”, which tells how Alexander does not become an artist, while “A la Recherche du temps perdu” tells how Marcel becomes a writer (Genette). <br /> <br /> If, as Baudelaire says, the artist says “reality in the light of his dreams,” then this is his nightmare when Yustach tells us in “La Maman et la putain”.
