In what could be considered a coup in relation to the sexual “revolution” (I use the quotations specifically for this word), Jean Evst wrote and sent “Mother and Whore” as a poetic, marvelous criticism of those who seem to be unable to understand enough love If there is a message for this film - and I hope that the message will come only after what this Ben-Hur length feature has to offer, - this is what, in order to love, honestly, there must be some level of happiness, real truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what will be the result if no one can really get what he really wants, or feel that he can even express what he wants? <br /> <br /> What is the truth about Alexander (Jean-Pierre Leo )’s relationship with the women around him? He is twenty-something pseudo-intellectuals, he has no seeming work, and he lives from a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont), a little older than him and usually, if not always, his lover, his last possible love for him. - life left him, and then he picks up the woman he sees on the street, Veronica (Francoise Lebrun), who, perhaps, reminds him of her. Soon the thinnest hot love triangle ever filmed, where the psychological threads are stretched by the most cruel words and the slightest gestures, unfolds. At first, we think that this may be due to what will happen to Alexander, but we are mistaken. Women are so important to this question of love and sex that they need to be there, talk, and continue to drown something. <br /> <br /> We are told that this part of the sexual revolution, in theory, if not completely practical (perhaps it was, I cannot say that I was not alive at that time, to see it firsthand) , was that freedom led to no restrictions. But Yustash’s point of view, if not completely communicated, is that it’s almost impossible to have it in both directions: it’s impossible for people to love you and expect to get satisfaction from the final communication that comes with “crap”, how the characters refer again and again . <br /> <br /> Mothers and Whores' strength is that she has a theme, expresses this fear of licentiousness, lack of monogamy, and also stimulates the intellect in the most talkative conversation you have ever seen in the film. At the same time, we see a character like Alexander, who probably likes to listen, as he says, about some movie he has seen, or about something bad from his past. Eustache does this in such a way that the film itself is not pretentious, although it may seem that, but this concerns pretentiousness, what lies behind those who cover up their internal shortcomings, what they need to use when they are eventually left alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought films like “Before Dawn / Dusk” were conversational relationships, you didn’t see that. But since Eustache enjoys dialogue, these characters have, sometimes trivial, or “deep”, or sexual, or outspoken, or sometimes extremely (or reserved) emotional emotions, it is never, never uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who cannot get enough of a good, talkative film, this is an exception. While his style does not cause courage, which came with his predecessors in the “New Vague” a dozen years ago, a new wave of Eustache touches the characters, and then reflects on them. <br /> <br /> This is realism with a thorn attitude, with things that are at times boring and sarcastic, rude and without shame in the expression. All three actors are so attached to their characters that we can never perceive them as a “simulation” of emotions or even immersion into melodrama. This is almost TOO good in terms of naturalism / realism, but there is no other way for Eustache’s material. Fortunately, Lo is the crown of his career of that period, and both women, especially Labrun in the role of Veronica’s “whore” (the statement she stunningly refutes at the culmination of her film with one continuous shot). And, like another touch, the director is from time to time immersed in a quiet moment of thought about the character sitting alone listening to the recording and in contemplation or quiet agony. This is probably the biggest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who dedicated his movie “Broken Flowers” ​​to Eustachia and has one particular scene that was completely (and with love) shot in the approach of the late Parisian. <br /> <br /> Sad to say Before I saw Broken Flowers, I had never heard of Eustache or this film, and its acquisition was quite a challenge (not available on American DVDs, and on VHS it is so rare that tracking in different libraries took many months). Not a minute of this time was wasted; “Mother and Slut” is a truly wonderful work, one of the best French dramas about relationships, maybe even one of the most amazingly bright things I've seen in the country as a whole. It is difficult, it is sweet, cold, absorbs, and it is very long, perhaps too long. It is also satisfactory at a level that I would compare with Scenes from the Marriage; True revelations about the human condition continue to appear 35 years after the release of each film.
