This is a refreshing breath of air, when the film actually gives you a storyline with a beginning, middle and end, a sweet, clever riddle, with an attractive heroine for all ages, which captivates us with its wit and charm. The Andrew Fleming film is truly a modern wonder, a return to the good old reliable narration that was the norm in Hollywood. He removes the over-reliance on special effects, which are now suitable for entertainment, and gives us a stunning film with a very capable young actress and a talented supporting actor. <br /> <br /> The film is based on an old book, but it has been updated enough to put in this century; However, the props may be different, the heart is still a good mystery, and there is one clever one, one that binds the traditions of the old and the nuances of today's youth. Emma Roberts is an old-fashioned girl who believes in good behavior and respect for others; details that are very lacking in modern films. She is still good enough to attract the attention of boys, but she also knows how balance and self-esteem are present. She earns medals by working hard and is not afraid to show a little trick when it is necessary to achieve her goals. <br /> <br /> During a vacation in California, our heroine is drawn into the mystery of Hollywood by an actress who has been the victim of a dishonest game; suddenly her ghost "visits" her, and this causes a series of events that can unravel the mystery or lead to something terrible for her. What makes the film quite interesting is the small details, as it discovers that its familiar world is nothing compared to the California scene, and it is well presented, without resorting to unnecessary vulgar languages ​​or something graphic or sexually explicit. In the end, the director has enough control to make it all acceptable to all types of audiences, from young to adults in the audience. This is a film that deserves to be seen, appreciated and appreciated, a film that is rare and delicate, and is not afraid to be classified as funny! Five Stars
