Unfortunately, Jean Yustache (1938-1981), like many other leading French filmmakers, today belongs to the great unknowns whose films are difficult to find and which are not released on international DVDs. Since we have a good old-fashioned video shop in Tucson, I had the opportunity to watch this 3/1-hour marathon master class, which is not boring for ten seconds. <br /> <br /> Since we are talking here about one of the most talked about (and most controversial) films of all time, let me tell you that the endless dialogues originally characteristic of the early Nouvelle Vague by Jacques Rivette or Allen Rene seems almost ridiculous in this film. Dialogues are mostly monologues, mostly the longest, which Jean-Pierre Leodault spoke about. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections of the speeches of two people are practically zero. Leod or his character, Alexander, is pleased to talk about himself more than about the topics he talks about. Therefore, it is hardly possible to talk about the connection in this film. It is possible that the director had in mind a gigantic satire against the inactive once so hotly debated political and sociological ideas, but Alexander's type of person exists at all times, we find him already in Petron's Satyricon, which Actually is very similar to “Mother and whore. " <br /> <br /> Alexander not only does nothing, but also developed his own kind of metaphysics about the absence of action, at least action in the sense of responsibility to the society of which he is a part. He mocks people who run to work at 7 am, when he is just busy drinking his last drink before going to bed in the apartment of one of his girlfriends, for whose money he lives. He cannot pronounce one sentence without quoting one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre, who is quickly shown in the French intellectual cafe "Aux Deux Magots", where Alexander also sits all day, should serve as an excuse for the lifestyle of Alexander and his colleagues, because they suffer from an existential crisis from bourgeois nausea. Nevertheless, intellectual speeches Alexander seems to be rather pseudo-intellectual, and the sentences and quotations he cites are most likely taken from a dictionary of quotations, rather than from actually reading the relevant books. <br /> <br /> This is true: this film requires extremely broad European knowledge, especially an expert on French existentialist philosophy and its implications for the movement of 68 student revolutions, but if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life , looking in amazement TV and crying with laughter, as if you probably did not do it for a long time.
