Is Jake Speed ​​a movie that lacks one thing ?? charismatic leadership. Unfortunately, this is what really spoils the entire film, and this is a shame, because deep down it is a pleasant action movie with a rather witty script and an interesting, albeit derivative, premise. Although its origin can probably be traced back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy ?? the film actually plays a bit more like a novel with a stone, albeit in the opposite direction. This is not the author of the romantic adventure fiction, which is led by a character very similar to one of her creations, but a character of an adventure genre (who chronicles her own adventures), leading an ordinary woman to one of her adventures. /> <br /> When a young woman goes missing in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by the attractive Karin Kopins) is confused with the pulp hero Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and his assistant Dennis (Dennis Christopher), who both turn out to be real and very flawed people in an adventure that takes them to the heart of an African state torn by civil war and, ultimately, into the clutches of two brothers - the adorablely evil Sid (John Herth) and his ridiculous sibling Maurice (Roy London). Is this the plot ?? it is not a labyrinth and not complicated, but the story he tells does not require much depth. <br /> <br /> Sequences of actions are attractive from the very beginning, and it’s certainly true that the heroic trio pass through their steps (are they caught in battles between the government and rebel forces or thrown into a pit full of lions), and Of course, there are pretty funny lines. Nevertheless, the film seems to be struggling to find an end, and, unfortunately, the sequence of actions that are quite attractive for a start, do not lead anywhere and ultimately become a bit boring and tedious. This, however, could not have been such a problem if it were possible to love Jake Speed, but because of the performance of Wayne Crawford, it becomes harder to really care about what is happening. Now I don’t know if he’s been stretched out a bit because he was also a producer and screenwriter of the film, or he’s just not a good actor (as I’ve never seen him in many others), but he never convinces as a fraudulent mix of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> Is it a shame because most other characters play their roles well ?? Karen Kopins is funny and convincing, and her character shares a pleasant banter with Jake (unfortunately, this never convinces). Is Dennis Christopher as beautiful as an archetypical chum, and does John Hurt play his part with camp pleasure ?? almost as if he were in the sixtieth episode of Batman. He wanders through his few scenes, snarling in a ridiculous Cockney, putting on a show that almost belongs to another film. Sid is not Moriarty (he is presented as Jake's archenemy from a number of his previous adventures / books), but it is always fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​is trying to convey the same funny spirit of film B as “The Night of the Comet” (a film made by Crawford a few years before), and almost successfully, but misses ?? this is a shame, because it would be nice for Jake to watch some more adventures and maybe he would have been better shown on the television series. <br /> <br /> I would recommend it out of curiosity, but ultimately it left a bitter taste because most of the elements were made to make something really good.
