Comedies often have an unsuccessful reputation because they have some real depth. Arms and man proves that this concept is false. Shaw's play is full of comedic drama combining an interesting plot with true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> At the same level, “Arms and Man” is a successful and somewhat unique romantic comedy. Young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family deeply involved in the war; Her fiance and her father are both officers. One night she was shocked by the arrival of an enemy soldier. She rescues him, knowing that she will have to keep this incident a secret from her family forever, and the soldier eventually leaves. Of course, after the end of the war, this soldier returns, forcing each of the main characters to overestimate their values ​​and their relationships. <br /> <br /> It is quite interesting how the layers of the Show matter in a fairly standard comedy story. , Shaw manages to comment on class constructions, the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. And, of course, he does this with Shavsky wit and within a satisfying conspiracy. There is so much to think here that, I think, a lot can be missed in one viewing. “Guns and Man” is an excellent comedy theater and, of course, one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> “Weapons and Man” is a fun and thought-provoking film that retains its relevance even today, more than a century after it was first conceived. The show mocks popular theories about war and love and combines military satire with mockery of love and family structure. In the play flashes wit, cheerful humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw’s dialogue is Captain Blanchley’s statement to Serguis: “I’m a professional soldier: I fight when I need to, and I’m very happy to get out of it when I don’t have to. You are just an amateur; you think fighting is entertainment. ”In fact, as the son of a Swiss hotel-keeper, Blanchley had no reason to take part in the war, and it was precisely in this absurdity that Shaw questions patriotic sentiment. forces on both sides of the struggle and at the end shows that the feelings in both camps are not so different. <br /> <br /> Dialogue and sarcasm are used in relation to general ideas about life are enmeshed in the tender confidence of the movement of history to a fairy-tale ending. when all the characters they become happy, and lovers change, and love changes underline the essence of this drama as a comedy. This is a film that retains its image of having universal appeal and is still relevant today when the concepts of war and patriotism, love and marriage have changed dramatically. " Weapons and Man. ”Shows should remain relevant as long as love and war exist.
