Doyle never wanted to resurrect Holmes after his joint death with Professor Moriarty in The Adventure of the Final Problem. However, due to financial considerations, he (in 1901) wanted to write "BASKERVIL'S CHAPTER", which is still considered to be his best Holmes novel and, possibly, his best novel. But these were the memoirs of a great detective story written before his death. Only greater protest from his public made Doyle completely resurrect Holmes in Adventure of an Empty House, published in 1905. <br /> <br /> It’s impossible to say that the new stories (and the last novel) are really bad, Maybe three stories are really horrible, but even horrible ones are very readable. Some of the later ones (for example, THE ADVENTURE OF A SOLITARY CYCLIST) are really very good. But the unevenness of production (especially after the stories in HIS LAST LEVEL (1917)) is becoming more and more obvious. He repeats past storylines and reveals the really negative aspects of Holmes. In the story THE ADVENTURE OF THREE GABLES Holmes shows the mocking sarcasm of a person of African descent. <br /> <br /> Spoiler will be: <br /> <br /> THE ADVENTURE OF CHARLES AUGUST MILVERTON deals with Holmes, who is trying to recover the incriminating letters from Milverton, an extremely successful blackmailer. This is an interesting example of how Doyle could make a well-readable story with a minimum of plot, because in this story there is little real detective work. Holmes is hired to try to negotiate the purchase of letters with Milverton, but to return them, no matter what! Milverton proves that he is not only unwilling to consider a smaller amount for papers, but is also ready to protect himself from Holmes attempts to search his identity. Later we learn that Holmes entered Milverton's house, disguised as a maid, disguised. In the end, Holmes goes with Watson to rob Milverton's house. He and Watson are in the house when they discover that Milverton is waiting for his new business agreement in his research (someone with information that Milverton can use). Carefully hiding, Holmes and Watson watch as the woman enters, who is the victim of collateral damage from Milverton’s past activities and shoots the blackmailer to death. Holmes and Watson can set fire to a collection of compromising documents of Milverton before leaving the house, and subsequently discover (for themselves) the identity of the woman. The police (under the direction of Lestrade) do not find out who the two mysterious people who were seen fleeing from Milverton’s house and who are so disgusted with the actions of Milverton (they could never bring anything against him) it is obvious that the murder will never happen . <br /> <br /> The tale is not one of those fascinating in which this detective work is involved, such as "ADVENTURE OF THE FIFTH GROUP" or "SILVER BLAISE". This is a story about mood and late action - the question is, will Holmes and Watson get the documents or will Milverton catch them? This is not one of the best stories, but in most fairy tales it is really well told and interesting. <br /> <br /> At the time when he wrote CHARLES AUGUST MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had experience working with the police and sometimes considers him a very respected amateur detective. The artist was found murdered in his studio in London, and Conan Doyle began to write his opinion on how the murder was committed. He then stopped - apparently his friends at Scotland Yard warned that the killing should not have been considered. The victim was homosexual, and the police were confident that it was terribly wrong. For the sake of the family of the victim (it was in 1905), Doyle stopped being interested in this case. Therefore, he knew that sometimes the British police were held back with restraint on matters that did not seem to justify their full investigation — like deterring Lestrade about who killed the villainous Milverton in this story. <br /> <br /> Given the description of the story, which could be told in the usual watch version of the series. But the telecast for MASTER BLACKMAILER spent some time showing the terrible dilemma that Milverton victims faced (in Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young officer of the aristocratic army killing himself when faced with homosexual contact due to the extravagant demands of Milverton, and all this at the beginning of the game show. And this is not only homosexuals. Men and women with a good reputation in heterosexual marriages can be spoiled by finding illegitimate children or past indiscreet relationships. Indeed, in this story, a woman who kills Milverton, revenge for the destruction of her husband (an outstanding nobleman), destroyed by a blackmailer. <br /> <br /> Milverton plays well in his most venomous politeness of this wonderful actor Robert Hardy, who, even when confronted with the unexpected rage he unleashed, is completely unruffled (he looks as if he would just be shown an angry woman) . from his house at the moment). As one would expect, Brett and Hardwick cope well with their roles as Holmes and Watson. <br /> <br /> How serious was the loss of character due to rumors or omissions in 1905? In 1898, Sir Hector MacDonald was one of the heroes of various imperial wars and the leader of the last victorious battle of Omdurman, who destroyed the Mahdist army (see FOUR FIRST). He was governor of Ceylon in 1903, when he unexpectedly resigned unexpectedly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in a hotel, awaiting a hearing. Later it turned out that the “Battle Mac”, which is often considered the most popular army commander in the UK, was caught in dreams with local boys. Milverton would have eaten him very quickly ... or his real-life colleagues.
