Renaissance (2006) was created over six years with co-financing from France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom in the amount of about 14 million euros. The end result is a stunning comic-style animation accomplishment that is aesthetically similar to that of Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved in Sin City (2005), but this movie used live motion capture to translate their faces and movements into fully animated format. Presented in a completely black and white form, the film looks as if it was removed from the pages of the graphic novel on which it was founded, and the futuristic city of Paris ominously rises above us. French film director Christian Volkmann in his full-length debut Renaissance relies heavily on other films in the science fiction genre, and the techno-noir storyline is not something we have not seen before, but from a technical point of view. The view is impeccable. <br /> <br /> 2054 The city of Paris is a collapsed metropolis filled with dark alleys and deserted paths, the recent installation of modern technology simply offers a thin mask to the pitiful degradation of darkened buildings. The largest corporation in the city, Avalon, has achieved wealth by offering citizens a promise of beauty and youth, and the research department of the company is constantly striving to invent more and more means to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasueva (voiced by Romola Garay in the English version, which I watched), a brilliant young scientist, was mysteriously abducted after returning from work, and therefore the legendary detective Barthelemy Karasu (Daniel Craig) has to reveal her current version of the whereabouts. It is possible that the key to the disappearance of a woman is held by Bislan (Catherine McCormack), the hardened elder sister of Ilona, ​​whose confidence is in question, and Jonas Muller (Jan Holm), a dedicated doctor who adored Ilona as his own daughter. <br /> <br /> The eerie, dimly lit city of Paris recalls Blade Runner (1982) by Ridley Scott, and some technologies look as if they were borrowed from Tom Cruise in Minority Report (2002). . {which was, incidentally, also installed in 2054}. However, despite this familiarity, Volckman created an exciting world for his characters to dwell. As a result of mixing the classic film noir and science fiction, you get a spectacular collage of harsh lighting and dark shadows, which, I must warn, sometimes becomes difficult for the eyes of the viewer. The dialogue is sometimes a bit trivial, and the story, although interesting, does not offer anything strikingly original {with the exception of the ending, which I thought was a bold turn in the usual formula}, but Renaissance works best for visual pleasure, and that he succeeds in that respect cannot be denied.
