The puncturing sequence of initial titles is a swarthy man with a strange, too real nightmare. Summing up his dystopian history of 2054 in Paris, the film begins to pursue a woman in an ugly club, where she and a Slavic bartender gather on deck. They give each other an exclamation that she owes him more money, although she thinks she paid everything. Another woman impedes imminent violence, only to have a bitter struggle with the woman herself. The original woman is storming and abducted. Christian Volkmann's Renaissance seems to be another in the assembly line of the recent animated motion pictures with sci-fi animations, but, regardless of whether this is essentially true, he tells a neatly organized, classically unfolding detective story that keeps us in the dark in the first minutes, even during our acquaintance with Karas, a smoked policeman, whom we recognized from the very beginning as a person awakening from a terrible dream. <br /> <br /> All the beginnings of a classic film noir are amazed without any anachronistic changes, for all intents and purposes. It was in the severity of his monochrome that the French thriller Volkmann did not follow any example. For animators of the film, not related to the physical lighting, which they usually encountered, they could start with a completely black frame and apply an absolutely white color according to the action on the screen. Since they scrupulously imitate the effects of real light sources throughout the frame, the difference between black and white is fully expressed here, even without any slightest shade of gray in tone with less clearly defined moral codes of characters, and the result is a harsh and judgmental vision of that direction in which the commercial civilization moves, from time to time exposed to the brightest and merciless illumination. This is an artistic study of the film noir, taken to their visual boundary of his philosophy, and nothing has ever shared the same execution of this visual concept. <br /> <br /> All of the characters in this decent cyberpunk film seem to be just black ink from a Gothic comic book, but all together their physical reactions, their movements and the nuances of their facial expressions look ashore in a clear humanity. Typically, films that test new developments in the field of animation, allow their technical achievements to surpass all other aspects of production. For example, the “City of Sins” leaves much to be desired a substantial and good adaptation of the screen from the source material. <br /> <br /> This may not just be breathtaking, it may have its own narrative conventions and voice-overs may just be adequate, but the Renaissance, earned over $ 19 million over six years, not only feels a real noir, not a rash appropriation, but also not secondary to all visual innovations that play as if they were random. You can not so much think about how cool it is when Karas dodges bullets fired on a populous Parisian street, but more about how hard it is to live and die, as life tragedies, such as death, give meaning to life.
