Every second of the movie is gorgeous. And that is why he earns 7, because the plot is not particularly treacherous, and, recalling the last 90 minutes, I never felt any excitement or investment in the characters. In any case, magnificent graphics and framing made some scenes (for example, car chases) more pedestrian than they should be - not that they did not look beautiful and had some very original design and sometimes new camera angles - but they didn’t there are enough kinetic movements and close-ups that are part of the language for any ordinary action / action movie. The first hour drags on, and the dialogue seems to be very edited and a bit scenic — people are waiting for each other’s end and do not always react naturally, which will be a problem of recording each person’s dialogue separately. In rare cases, the emotions in the voices do not quite coincide with the emotions on the screen; what really should be avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls / ceilings / screens, beautiful smoke / mirage / special effects) and pretty cars, but again - this is rather an exercise in graphic design that has no real effect on the plot. I would say that the whole point of using hand-drawn animation (instead of actors / computer graphics) is to really push the boundaries of imagination and design; doing things that are too difficult / impractical in other environments. Although the animation in Renaissance is certainly stunning and incredibly well executed, I never felt that I was seeing what I had not done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French film on computer graphics, also suffers from an imbalance of beauty in history and tempo. To be fair, some marvelous and attractive French films also have a languid pace, and long footage of gaze in someone's eyes or the rain on the cobblestone of Paris can cause great emotions - but animators need to understand that, although the animation brings unique strengths, it has disadvantages compared to real technology. Perhaps this would violate the “noir” rules that the film wants to adhere to, but I think that the filmmakers also missed a vivid opportunity to study their future society in more detail - the social strata, the fascist acumen of corporations, etc. <br /> <br /> I have no problems when I recommend Renaissance to anyone who loves stylistic design and / or animation (in particular, Manga fans), but I would not force my other friends who love cinema, sit out. Take away the gorgeous visual effects, and this is barely an average movie.
