Imagine a classic noir-style storyline, filled with Frank Miller's Sin City black and white visual effects. Then imagine a dystopian sci-fi thriller such as The Minority by Steven Spielberg or Richard Linklater's Scanner. Combining the above would be an appropriate way to describe the future French film director Christian Volkman’s dark and atmospheric view of the future in his feature film debut. But although Volkmann's work undoubtedly is based on the aforementioned films and similar films, such a simplified hybrid does not give a renaissance, Volkman's final result, justice — the film itself is a much more complicated part of the work than this one. <Br /> <br /> Genre hybridity is usually a hit, especially in the modern context, when the well of individuality is becoming increasingly depleted. Thus, Renaissance deserves praise as a cinematic experiment, at least with its unique interspersing of sandy nihilism in a detective thriller with neo-noir and fantastic allegorical terror of anti-utopian science fiction, which complements each other's narrative. agreement in a strange way. The scenario is clever and intriguing (although there is a feeling that many lines in the script would be much more effective in their original French than the English translation - the name of the film also becomes much sharper), managing to stay at the same level a step ahead of its audience throughout. Although many elements of the plot seem quite familiar to those who frequently attend such fantastic thrillers, the script creates unexpected turns and turns at the right moment to keep the viewer on their toes, which makes it truly attractive. <Br /> <br /> The Volkmann film really stands out for its visual component, and the stunning black and white animation easily highlights the film - incredibly capricious and stylish, it shows what a stunning aesthetic effect simple use of two shades can have. With great detail, composition and appearance of each shot, and the excellent use of very shadows and intriguing angles to emphasize the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears directly from the Frank Miller comic, but with a twist, the end result was consistently luxurious. <br /> <br /> The English performance of the film is also given great importance due to the very appropriate voice set. Daniel Craig’s harsh voice is an absolutely perfect cast for the grim, stoic policeman Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a powerful figure of a mysterious woman, whose disappearance his sister is investigating. Despite the hesitating English accent, Romola Garai copes with the role of this crazy sister, and Jonathan Price, respectively, is ominously dangerous as the shadow head of the sinister megacorporation Avalon. The piercing voice of Jan Holm is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and the Hill makes a strong impression in its short scenes. <br /> <br /> All together, Renaissance boasts a visually stunning, unique and compelling futuristic thriller, as smart as it’s interesting. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who often perform such actions, and the occasional faint line may prevent the film from becoming a capricious masterpiece, as it was conceived, excellent animation in itself easily transfers the film through its random vibrations. For fans of any of the intertwining genres of the film or the sandy graphic novels of Frank Miller, or those who want to appreciate the skillfully crafted, slightly less traditional look at the futuristic thriller, the film is no doubt worth watching. <br /> - 8/10
