One of the reasons why Pixar has done so well and so successfully is that, although their films remain technical wonders and visual mosaics, they have a story that matches their style. And often a very touching style: showy, charming and cross-generational. I think (and I could be wrong) partly because the anime (in general) and many other animations are not able to match their technical virtuosity with the real essence, partly because either the creators are not worried about the character and plot, and too much attention devote to the sound and image, or the enormous effort expended on creating animations, are so huge that they cannot come up with a really exciting story. <br /> <br /> can not be said about the Renaissance. There are flaws in his plot, but I will come back to this later. These drawbacks, however, are not reflected in the visual effects - the Renaissance lacks a stunning one. High-contrast images (sometimes so contrasting that only one face or one ray of light is visible) and incredible details are always impressive, always a joy to contemplate. The futuristic Paris on display is a grim descendant of Blade Runner and the Brave New World; dark, dark, quite rich and even clean, but shrouded in intrigue, corporate atrocities, obsessed with beauty (the podium capital, after all) and masking the poverty and neglect of its labyrinth passages with facing of monumental, complex architecture. br /> <br /> This is an attractive setting, not quite original, but still gorgeous. The motion-capture technology that is popular in the film and the incredible attention to detail of the person and the design make the black-and-white photographer die. It’s not that the details interfere with the entertainment, because Christian Volkman creates some excellent sequences of actions: the pursuit of skin care, a couple of horrible (with great imagination) murders, a few fights in the dark and dirty dust in a gloomy apartment. I want to visit a nightclub). While the central character of Karas is your regular serial policeman, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the real engines of the film. Derived from war-torn Eastern Europe, the products of war, the diaspora, and family quarrels, they are a convincing metaphor for Europe as a whole. <br /> <br /> The film is extremely atmospheric, its dizzy, soaring deception - the camera moves and makes adult tone for a very interesting experience. However, the plot ... It never becomes more interesting than the original hook, in which the indefatigable tramp Karas must find Ilona Tasueva, a stunning magnificent and innovative scientist, after she broke free from the street. The ominous corporation Avalon (perhaps ANY corporation is never ominous?), Which she worked on on “secret” projects, is obsessed with the search, and soon Karas is completely in the hands of reprimands, dead bodies, cigarettes. smoke and narrowly missed bullets, and falling in love with Ilona Bislein's sister (very sympathetically voiced by Catherine McCormack) when he robs the depths of the city’s ileal stomach (and his own past). <br /> <br /> The text is in other words, although I liked the film much more than “Sin City” (to which it has a fleeting visual similarity), the plot and resolution are boring, the topic of immortality rises, but is never considered, and fraud Avalon’s high-ranking CEO Paul Dellenbach is also boring, undermining great dramatic tensions. The main ideas are familiar science fiction materials, and there is a nagging feeling that visual effects and the atmosphere camouflage worldly material. <br /> <br /> However, the film as a whole is clear and perfectly matched, even if some of the scenarios that the characters sometimes fall into seem to be an excuse to demonstrate technical magic. But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city from scratch makes this film something that can be seen. Perhaps I take this too seriously, and if this is so, I can at least say that it is beautifully made, extremely interesting (and quite mature too) and with an atmosphere unlike any other.
