To evaluate this film is completely pointless. It is as if you have condemned (or praised) a newborn for his future life. Instead, look at it as a powerful meditation on what could be and what has happened in the last 100 or so years. One hundred and eight years of cinematography: what happened to the baby? I like to think about what could (creatively) happen if Europe were not twice interrupted (devastated) by the great wars of the 20th century. On its ruins stood a fake neon castle of a non-creative and reactionary circus called Hollywood. Until 1914, French, Italian, and Scandinavian cinemas were in the lead both financially and creatively. The French film, in particular, has already promoted some very original and creative ways that could (if not interrupt), perhaps change the history of the environment in some unimaginable ways. I wonder how the story of the film would look today, if it didn’t come to naught and gasp because of the mercantile and cheap political program of a more than 80-year-old Hollywood event that Chekhov could define as the smell of greed and debauchery ... maybe at least you will become aware of La Sortie as the key (or at least one of them) to the “Kingdom”. Thus, the birthplace of Cinema: Lumiere Brothers factory, Lyon, France. Date: March 19, 1895 (in the summer of 1895, replicas were also filmed, so if you noticed summer lights and light clothing of workers: this was the version shown for VERY FIRST PEOPLE EVER VISIT MOVING IMAGES. * Louis Lumiere: creative ideas, cinematography, directing - all this belonged to Louis, because Auguste took care of the rest (money). * The first commercials of the film lasted only fifty seconds: the camera (= le Cinematograph) and the operators (le cinematographer), which have only one and a half second, to bring things to life! * Apparently, Le Institute Lum Iere managed to save about 1,500 of these first films, made mostly by the hard-working Lumiere Brigade traveling through filmmakers crossing the globe. *** So, all the stars in the starry sky and a minute of silence are probably the most magical invention in the history of mankind (so far ).
