Storey says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people gathered at the Indien Du Grand Café in Paris to witness Cinématographe, a supposedly new invention that was the result of the work done by a pair of photographers named August. and Louis Lumiere. A small audience reunited that day (some by invitation, most due to curiosity) did not really know what to expect from the show, and when a still photo was projected on the screen, most thought that Cinématographe was just another unusual thing for projection slide show. Until the photo began to move. The fact that these thirty-three people experienced in fear on that cold day of December was the very first public demonstration of the film being projected onto the screen; History is being written, and cinema, as we know, was born that day. <br /> <br /> Of the 10 short films shown on that historic day, “La Sortie Des Usines Lumière” (literally “Exit from the Lumiere Factory”) was the first to be screened. The film shows how many workers Lumière’s factories pass through the gates of the factory, leaving the building at the end of a hard day’s work, while a very simple “movie about actuality” (a film depicting a real event), the film caught everyone off guard, because their concept of moving pictures was limited to Edison’s machines. ” Peep Show ”(kinetoscope), they don’t were similar to what they had seen before, and the audience stood with trepidation, and people and horses moved on the screen. The idea was not completely new (Le Prince made the first film back in 1888), but the way the film was shown was simply revolutionary. <br /> <br /> “La Sortie Des Usines Lumière” will be the first in a long series of “actual films" that Lumière will shoot over the years. This primitive documentary was the brothers' favorite movie because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than using cinema Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, after the first show, Cinématographe became very successful, and “La Sortie Des Usines Lumière” quickly became a cult image of this first show. It was definitely not the first film filmed by the brothers this year, and it was probably not the best of the 10 films shown that day (I personally think that “L 'Arroseur Arrosé” was the best of the 10); However, it is really important that the very first film was the opening of a pair of gates, since literally this film opened the gates to the cinema, as we know it. 8/10
