I had just returned from the cinema “Night at night”, and it was a really quiet way out, since most of the audience was thinking about real black and white images of the section, freedom movements, etc., which our ancestors faced very much in life! Against this background, note that in those days there were no bodies / faxes or the Internet, except for the voice of Truth and non-violence, the cinematography penetrated the spirit of the harsh reality of adversity among strict Raj. <br /> Gandhi is shown as a hard-working lawyer in South Africa who defended his main ideologies and strongly urged to spread awareness of the same with humility and holiness, which was pronounced as a good farewell to General Smoot's spoken speech. It was the best composed Speech with a subtle humor and veiled threat to the British Raja in India It was a pleasant remark when he said that we silently pray to the British in India now that Gandhi is a politician for India. (to holiness). <br /> <br /> The largest background of a large family should mention the obvious divided attention and love, which should have enchanted the psyche of the unfortunate child who was left alone to strive. for unrealistic ambitions. Little did Harilal know about his abilities, and he is emotionally keen on little joys in life and fails in front of his father's huge idol. He is trying to get rid of mentoring, which is the basis of any success, who should have been seen by lucky Neighbors on the streets of Gandhi’s residence when Harilal openly expresses his disappointment. This means that he becomes mentally weak and mentally deranged to such an extent that he is forced into religious treatment and alcoholism, with debts and disobedience that feed his negative thoughts. He still showed sincere love for his mother through touchy scenes, and even Gandhi’s modest expression, which Harilal forgave him, did not come to any conclusion, because he was always afraid of Father, Gandhi. <br /> <br /> He could not assimilate the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him, as he had expected, and was forced to rebel, when he could not understand, on the basis of equal merit of the delivery of a scholarship from his father to his cousin, he saw a missed opportunity to study attorney in England. <br /> <br /> This should have resulted in his being thrown into the streets as a beggar when all of India celebrated Independence! The life of beggars will never change, which may, but the manner in which the sad death of Kasturba and Gandhi himself is shown leads to emotional silence. Finally, the last stormy thoughts of the dying Harilal are shown as memories, to keep the audience exciting and wondering where the father of the nation go wrong? was he smart enough to be mentally strong to lead an army of one person and use his brave son-soldier as a weapon to show the British and rival forces that between them there is nothing worth it. although, in order to read the heart of the Mahatma, you need to live outside the family and see that the emotionally naive charilal cannot see those living inside .... <br /> <br /> It is a pity that such naive harilals still destroy the efforts of many Mahatma-like fathers many families in today's life who have taken drugs, alcoholism, and God knows what thoughts !! Here is a message to all these courageous sons and sons (soldiers), please respect the father of the nation! Please obey and happiness will be granted or else it is a trouble waiting, isn’t it?
