Sir Richard Attenborough was easy to make Gandhi (1982) - he simply told the story of a great man who had walked this planet not so long ago. For comparison, director Feroz Abbas Khan made his debut as a director, apparently much more difficult, making Gandhi my father, setting a wrinkled antihero on an international hero, both of which were historically real people, and ironically father and son. The events in the film are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived, as shown in the film, setting high moral standards that the world must follow. However, these very standards overshadow the desire of his eldest son, Harilal, to become as well-known a lawyer, like his father, to complete his education and get a job in India and thereby secure his family’s income. <br /> <br /> The film does not disprove Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was more than the aspirations of his family. He loved his family and cared for them, although his thoughts about their pacification were clouded by his ideal of caring for the masses. He advocated equality and dignity among all people and, in his opinion, gave his son special undue advantages, ignoring other worthy people, contradicted the basics of what he preached. The film tells about an unusual case of raising children, when the idealistic parent arranges test racks for less brilliant offspring. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario of what happened. The son marries his childhood, grieves his father. The father upsets his son’s educational aspirations at several key points. The fragile bond between the devotional son and father is broken, as the son wants to stand up and take care of his nuclear family. While the father gradually becomes the father of the nation, the son stumbles in the valiant search for identity and survival. His marriage breaks down and seeks consolation in religion, fighting between Islam and Hinduism. Despite all his adversities, his relationship with his mother remains, until she blames him for being drunk. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan - in fact, the director of the play, making his foray into a movie. He wrote and directed the play Mahatma vs. Gandhi, which had a significant impact on the Indian theater community. The performance and the subsequent film were based on two biographies, one of which was Chandulal Dalal and the other Nilamben Pareh. The success of the play was an obvious reason for the commercial Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor to make this remarkable film. Every time a good play director tries to control the cinema, there is evidence of a lack of trust in the medium. Peter Brooke is an excellent play director, but less competent director. The first shots of the film Khan promise an excellent movie - the abandoned Harilal Gandhi was taken to the hospital in Zion, Bombay (Mumbai), barely muttering that his father was Bapu (popular name Mahatma Gandhi), the father of the whole nation. The hospital authorities do not recognize him as the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, dying in poverty and solitude. In addition to the dramatic discovery, the film, unfortunately, simply presents an excellent story and some excellent external images of the father and son, meditating in silhouette. For an Indian film, he demonstrates some high production qualities that go hand in hand with a lack of interest in details (most Indians in the film seem dustless and recently washed, modern hair styles of actors, and even Shefali Shetty's Wife Mohandas Gandhi’s play a century ago with plucked eyebrows) the curse of Indian cinema. Since Feroz Khan is a theatrical person, he puts much more effort into working with actors in character development, rather than in cinematic details, something like Sir Attenborough, another person who is also a product of the theater (Royal Academy of Dramatic Art). <br /> <br /> Knowing that Gandhi’s criticism somehow required trouble, even when there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made a remarkable decision not to put the film’s posters on accessible heights in India, fearing that It may tear the poster or disrespect it intentionally or unintentionally. <br /> <br /> Gandhi, despite the mixture of greatness and weaknesses, my father asked the viewer a few questions. Is the bond between mother and son stronger than the bond between father and son in raising children? Is the closest family less important than humanity as a whole? Does anyone seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when they face worldly problems? In this film, Harilal, tormented by adversity, runs from one religion to another, while his father quotes scriptures “forgive them because they do not know what they are doing” when they were beaten up and thrown onto the ground South African, convinced of the values ​​of religion. and convince others. <br /> <br /> The film won the Best Actress Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival for Shefali Shetty (Shah) and an award from critics of India. Feroz Khan and Anil Kapoor coped very well with the delicate topic and got performances above the average from the actors ensemble. I really hope that the international success of the film will pave the way for some talented director to shoot another brilliant Indian play by Tuglak Girish Karnada, in line with international quality standards.
