Stories from the Crypt: And the whole house begins on Christmas Eve, when Elizabeth (Mary Ellen Traynor) kills her husband Joseph (Marshall Bell), she drags his body out into the street, ready to throw him in the well, but at the same time misses important news On the radio in the bulletin says that the killer maniac (Larry Drake) in a Santa Claus costume has escaped from a local psychiatric shelter and has already killed several women, including Elizabeth, who is next on his list, but she has other ideas and seemingly turns , a dangerous situation is its advantage ... <br /> <br /> the story of the "Crypt" was 2 episode of the first season, shot one of the permanent executive producer Robert Zemeckis, and «All Through the House» - quite decent watch. Fred Dekker’s screenplay was actually based on a story appearing in the horror vault comic, and was originally adapted to the film as a single episode of Britzich’s anthropological horror film Tales from a Crypt (1972), in which Joan Collins starred as the killer Character's wife Ellen Trainor plays here. This particular version is good enough, but does nothing else or special, and it is too linear and predictable to be considered a classic. In only 25 minutes, he certainly moves at a good pace, the story is rather gloomy, and, as a rule, provides decent entertainment, and I really liked the difficult final. This time, the Christmas theme opens and closes the segments of Crypt Keeper (John Kassir), complete with ordinary pun games. <br /> <br /> Directed by Zemeckis does an excellent job with his work, and here a pleasant winter atmosphere reigns with a hint of Christmas influence. There is not much blood here, someone has poker stuck in his head, someone has his face cut with an icicle, someone has his arm cut with an ax, and there is a little splash of blood, but, generally speaking, it is not. Acting a small composition is quite good. <br /> <br /> And All Through the House is not the best tale from the crypt, but nevertheless worthy, worthy of watches, but after telling comics And the original version of the 1972 film really needed or even needed?
