My Father's Gandhi, Feroz Abbas Khan, shedding light on the broken relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story that is as dramatic as the one that this film is trying to tell, it’s a pity that the director isn’t able to tell it sharply. Gandhi, my father, is told to you as a boring history lesson that puts you to sleep at school. Now the film is intended to convey one very interesting thought - the fact that Gandhi, trying to be an honest man, turned out to be a dishonest father. This moment is repeated many times in the film, and one of the examples given for this is a scholarship to England, in which Gandhi denies his son twice. Instead of showing us exactly how Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what was going on in his head, the director simply moves along with the story, thus never allowing us to witness the growing resentment that Harilal is experiencing towards his father. That is why, when we finally see the Charilal blast, it looks like it is over-reacting. <br /> <br /> The essence of what I am trying to emphasize here is that we did not understand why it was Harilal who became the rebel, which he became. We never understand why he turned to Islam, and then again to Hinduism. The fact is that we never understand Harilal at all. And this is because the director of this film is too busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the struggle for freedom, a story that most of us already know. Simply put, Gandhi, my father, promises to examine the tensions of father and son, but this does not so much show where the cracks in these relationships first arise. We understand that Harilal should have lived with the burden of being Gandhi's son, but show us why this was a burden to begin with. Show us the cases of their early conflict. For example, it is not enough for Gandhi to simply say that he is against Harilal's early marriage, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough that Kasturba accuses her husband of how her son turned out to be - that he constantly moved him between schools in Gujarat and South Africa, that he forced him to move every time Gandhi needed to move. There are not enough words, show us how these incidents formed the character of Harilal Gandhi. Moreover, instead of sticking with the barbed theme of these tenuous relations between Gandhi and Gandhi, the film develops too much on the subject, thereby weakening the influence of the central theme. It was never meant to be a film about the struggle for independence, and yet in many cases it is exactly what it looks like, because the director feels almost obliged to take us through all the major events leading to that historic moment. although most of this is not related to the main premise of the film - the stormy relationship between father and son. So you see, the problem with this movie is not that it’s a bad movie, but it’s definitely a very confusing movie. What happens to the children of Harilal after his wife's death? Has he ever had a relationship with them? Where do they suddenly disappear after the scene in which we see them with Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions are answered in the film, which is mainly intended for relations in the Gandhi family. The film screening of an extremely popular play, staged by Feroz Abbas Khan, “Gandhi my father,” is disappointing without asking questions. From a cinematic point of view, he is trying to convey the director’s ambitious intentions to the screen. Virtually every single scene in the film opens and closes with a gradual disappearance and a gradual disappearance, never turning into each other. On the positive side, there is a nobility in the film, which you will recognize. The filmmaker is making every effort to present a balanced story, trying with all its might not to take sides, never judging either the father or the son, not portraying any villain. The film, however, shows that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch, whose ideals could have formed a nation, but obviously pushed his family away. Of all the actors in the film, only Akshay Khanna really plays the role of the unfortunate Harilal Gandhi. This is a wonderful presentation, and it is not easy, because the role covers almost the entire life of the character. But Akshay brings a rare mixture of innocence and despondency to this part and succeeds in turning Harilal into a pathetic figure. Just watch him in the scene in which he discovers his wife's death, and you will understand how much he conveys only in body language. Meanwhile, Darshan Jarivalla, who plays Gandhi Sr., plays Mahatma in a caricature in subsequent years, but this is how he humanizes a person in his youth as a lawyer in South Africa, which is the best actor’s contribution to this role. The copiously gifted Shefali Shah plays Kasturba, a woman who should be torn apart in this conflict between father and son, but if she is not able to convey this feeling of helplessness, then it is not really her fault as a shaky scenario. , A lot of effort was spent on making this film, and this is obvious in everything, but the film suffers from this inevitable drawback, which, ultimately, you will remember this when you leave the cinema - it is so boring. Directed by Feroz Abbas Khan, Gandhi, my father is a sincere effort, yes, but also a film that could be made with a much tougher script. From the film, we learn that Gandhi and Harilal very upset each other. And with this film the director makes us too.
