For a very long time, we have watched Gandhi films. And basically the light always depicts Gandhi as a freedom fighter or a person with principles. But when I heard that the film was being shot, which tells about Gandhi as the Father and emphasizes his relationship with the Son, he immediately caught my attention, since this is one of the areas that has been least studied, since it has its dark side and less people. showed courage to plunge into it. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (director) did this. <br /> <br /> The story begins with the work of Gandhi in South Africa and his relationship with white people and his wife. The last Akshay (Harilal) joined his father for becoming a lawyer, but his dream failed when his father (Gandhi) pushed (or motivated) him to become a freedom fighter. This shows that Gandhi believes more in practical training than in formal education. Harilal also tried to follow in the footsteps of his father, but soon failed because his passion for his wife, children and his own dream of becoming a big success changed his path, and then start a loathing between son and father. In the end, he defeated his father in order to fulfill his dream and leave him on his terms. He wrote back to India, but then began his unsuccessful stories, which over time become more and more. I leave the reader to watch the film, to understand the further story ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. He showed the best results of his tenure and is absolutely convincing in his portrayal of Harilal Gandhi. The scene in which he reaches the room where his wife's dead body is located, this is the scene where you can see a wonderful actor who is hidden / developing in Akshay. Darshan Jariwala is also good as M.K. Gandhi, and is able to realize such a large than life character. He performed well and quite easily. Shefali Tea (now Shah) in the role of Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already proved her metal in TV shows. Bhumika Chawla also performed well, but the actress from her candidacy was a waste in such roles. Other actors also justify their actions. <br /> <br /> Technique and makeup are also good and cinematic, especially because the color reproduction in Duo tones was too good. The costume looks and fits with the context. <br /> <br /> In general, it’s worth watching a film that demonstratively develops slowly, and impatient people may find it boring, but give you an idea of ​​an area that is not represented on a silver screen to this day. In addition, the way the story is developed and the connection of the scene may seem worn out to some people and especially to critics, but for the average moviegoer such as me, this is still enough to keep me in my place until the end.
