I've been waiting for such a movie about superheroes. Mystery Men takes its place among classic parodies on TV comics, such as Batman and Captain Nice, and cartoons, such as Underdog and Super Chicken. The same spirit lives in all of them: a humorous, mocking tone; courage to strive for the heroic in life, risking to look ridiculous; not quite the sure way these characters can defeat their opponents. This is a lit spark of nobility, lit among weak and ordinary people, and it is very pleasant to see how it glows so brightly and brightly. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens at a party in a nursing home. I wish Kinky Asher had the feeling to give more energy and life to older people on stage. In fact, it seems that George Romero could come up. We need to feel that these old people are as sharp as everyone else, or it seems patronizing. By the time Red Eyes collapse for the holidays, you half expect Tom Waits, who plays the inventor of weapons with a penchant for ladies at the age of eighty, to rise and shout: "What this party needs is a little excitement!" the writer Neil Cuthbert had some meaning; he would have asked Waits to mix it up with intruders and convince supporters to do the same. This would serve as an inspirational start and best presentation of the problematic trio: Shoveler (William Macy); Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Forrius (Ben Stiller), who seems to have come out of nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> Mystery People has many other problems that I don’t want to touch; among them, the villain Casanova Frankenstein should have the same cultivated sense of absurdity as the rest of the people in this film, and he does not. Jeffrey Rush - the wrong actor for the role; he needs to be too strong for the conflict between good and evil to become electroplated. And Rush never showed outreach talent. You rely on the mature theatricality of John Lithgow in “The Adventures of Bacaru Banzai” or on the dry, uncertain uncertainty of Paul Freeman in the Raiders of the Lost Ark. Instead, we get pastiche; something half baked and not fully realized. <br /> <br /> There are too many ideas in “Mysterious People” for someone to accurately link them together, and this can be the deepest problem. But whatever the mess, this is the mess that I love. Ben Stiller always seemed to reel in the roles he takes. This one is no exception, but he comes to this with the conviction that you leave, feeling that he has learned something about the comedy growing up in a family run by Jerry Stiller and Ann Meara. His Swarm is associated with all the put on, overly sensitive, chronically defensive types that Woody Allen made popular. And whether you are attracted to a waitress in his favorite party (elegant Claire Forslani), or doubting the wisdom of a superhero (Wes Studi, like the Sphinx), or giving a new member of their “elite” group (Jeaneane Garofalo, possibly her funniest moments on the screen) hard time, he makes it always fun to watch. I can not say for sure that about him in "There is something about Mary". <br /> <br /> Jinan Garofalo in this performance proves that she should have been the star of the One True One, not Renee Zellweger. I don't think I've ever seen funny exchanges between my daughter and father (well, so he is dead, and his skull is in a bowling ball, so sue me) in the movies. And the funny part of this role is that it’s like a repetition of Emily Watson’s chattering chats with God in Breaking the Waves. And in this version the girl does not die, and the bells do not ring your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy is doing something very difficult; he makes a solid magnet. You immediately understand what attracted Lucile Jennifer Lewis to Eddie. You can also understand her annoyance. One kebab would be enough to take me to the extreme, but when charming half-breed Eddie looks at his father and says: "I believe in you, dad." Lucille sighs and exclaims, “Roland, don't encourage your father,” you feel that you are standing and greeting Neal Cuthbert as first-class wit. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only noticeable moment in the film up to this point was his naked ass in Birdcage) and Louise Lasser (more than two decades have passed since we first paid attention to her in "Bananas" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?") as a son and mother who love silver; Greg Kinnear as Captain Awesome and Ricky Jay as his publicist; Kel Mitchell as The Invisible Boy; Paul Rubens as Spleen; and Lena Olin, who, if she had not had several lines in this film, which she has, would seem to have visited the set.
