Director Kinka Asher remains true to his credo: “Play straight and they will laugh,” and with the help of a great cast, he created what should be the number 1 cult film of all time, Mysterious People. When the evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Jeffrey Rush) comes out of a mental hospital, captures the local superhero, Captain Incredible (Greg Kinnear), and threatens to capture the City of Champions, the three superheroes I want to become, Mr. Forsage (Ben Stiller)), To the rescue Shoveler (William H. Macy) and Blue Raja (Hank Azariah) come. Frankenstein joined countless scum of the underworld, and became a formidable opponent. The trio understands the need for help, and decides to hire; what they end up with is the most unforgettable team of “superheroes” ever assembled in cinema history. Mr Fast and Furious has his rage; Shovel, his shovel; Blue Raja throws silverware (mostly forks and a spoon, but not a knife); The Invisible Boy (Cal Mitchell) can become invisible while no one is watching; Sphinx (Weight Studi), a strong attacker from the south, is very mysterious and can break a weapon in half with his mind. May be; Bowler (Jane Garofalo) can throw the ball with deadly precision; and Spleen (Paul Reuvims) has flatulence that can disable the entire room. It is a brilliant ensemble piece that delivers laughter, never becoming an indulgent or patronizing audience, while at the same time playing it straight. The dialogue is witty, and the performances of Stiller, Macy, Azariah, and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a number of memorable, hilarious scenes, especially the one in which they have a pool party and a barbecue for recruiting and interviewing a staggering meeting of applicants; and another, in a bar, when Bowler talks to his long-dead father, whose skull was implanted in her bowling ball. However, the funny thing is when a team tries to save Captain Amazing. But these are just examples, because the whole film consists of one fun scene after another, imbued with a subtle humor that will make you laugh for a long time and think about it. The real secret of his success, however, is that Asher supports all of this in reality; the relationship between the characters is true, and the whole concept of "superhero" is perceived as quite reasonable, which somehow gives a sense of trust to the whole process. In this world, the aspirations of Mr. Fast and the Fast and all the others are reliable, and Asher continues to laugh, not even resorting to farces or a mere spectacle. Full cast includes Lena Olin (Dr. Annabelle Lick), Eddie Izzarda (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (mother of Blue Rajah), Jennifer Lewis (Lucille) and Pras (Tony WITH.). “Mystery Men” is a truly inspired film that can be watched over and over again, with a new laugh that will be watched every time you watch it. In the immortal words of the Sphinx: “We are number one! All other number two or lower. Is it an Oscar-worthy movie? Barely; but for a good time and lots of laughter, treat yourself to this comedy masterpiece; This is a real deal and you will not regret it. I rate this 10/10.
