I saw Mystery Men on my birthday in 1999 when I was on vacation. When I got home, I went to look again. Mind you, I was twelve, but at the time it was the coolest movie ever. I even collected ultra-rare action figures (I have everything except the Bowler, which is the hardest to find. They made Mr. Fast and the Furious, Shoveler, Blue Raj, Spleen and Captain Amazing if you are interested. The current figure of William H. Macy exists!) . I watched it many times over the years, and it still remains my favorite, mainly due to the pleasant memories from my childhood. This is not a perfect film, but it definitely deserves a different look and, perhaps, a cult following. <br /> <br /> History: a bunch of low-level superheroes save the day. It was performed again in the mediocre, direct to video of "Special Offers" as well. But this is the other end of the spectrum: a large budget (a huge budget, I think, almost $ 100 million), a studio comedy. Yes, the effects are exaggerated, and the huge sets and the wonderful design of the production slightly take into account the plot, but do not think that this is a stupid film about superheroes with special effects - this is PARODY. They fight a villain named Kassanov Frankenstein, people. He has a psycho-calculator, whatever it is (this is the device of the Doomsday, it will take over the whole world, the Poison of the Poison). And the superhero resident Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear from Zapp Brannigan-esque, with a commercial logo on his costume, nice touch) is stolen. Time for the Mysterious People: Mr. Fast and the Furious (Ben Stiller, angry), Spade (William H. Macy, beats people with shovels), Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, throws forks), Bowler (Jane Garafolo, bowls), Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell, guess what he is doing), Spleen (the great Paul Reuben, farts) and Sphinx (Wes Studi, cuts the weapon in half with his mind, I'm not joking). The rest of the fantastic cast includes Jeffrey Rush as Kassanova, Lena Olin, edited as the bride of Cassanova, and the only Tom Waits in the role of a crazy arms dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush, there are four Oscar nominees (and one winner) and Tom the hell is waiting! It is not perfect though. It is too long, and here and there there are some corpuscles impulses (The Shoveller is full of them). <br /> <br /> The dialogue definitely outweighs the physical comedy, which is sometimes lacking (there is a guy who farts on his power, the case is closed). The dialogue, of course, is the main point, the cyclical delirium of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphors of Mr. Fast and the Furious, etc. This is a completely funny movie (it will almost make you forget that it was the movie Smashmouth starred in the world.) < br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film is not as good with critics and viewers as it should be. A sequel was originally planned (the film is actually based on the comic book and characters from the “Burning Carrots” comic. I believe that the “Burning Carrot” was scheduled to continue), but it did not work on hand. It can be hard to sell, a superhero comedy with a guy from "There's something about Mary." This could also be due to the fact that it was released on the same day as The Sixth Sense, which turned out to be the biggest hit in August, as well as The Cause of Thomas Crown. Two other misunderstood classics were released on the same crowded weekend, oddly enough - "Dick" and "Iron Giant." Critics gave MM tolerable feedback, but this was quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, in the comedy "Roast of Jerry Stiller" comedian Jeffrey Ross commented to Ben Stiller that "I saw Mysterious People" and fired my agent. " Then it is clear that Ben says the words "I have to do this." Do not listen to him. Give "Mysterious people" a chance.
