when I first started watching them, it became one of my favorite shows. Melissa Joan Hart is very funny and talented, like aunts, other characters, and the star of the show Salem, a cat, he was very funny. The first few seasons, in my opinion, were the best when Sabrina was a teenager in high school, adapting to the life of a witch. they were the most fun, the most interesting and the most ... good. I am not a fan of when they began to represent Brad and the Dreamer, because I really liked Valerie, but they were fine, the problem was that they were only in him for one season. if you have new people, then at least leave them. I didn't like Josh, he was a double, I preferred Harvey, but then he disappeared. and they got rid of Libby! it would be great if you had a fight in those seven years. and Mr. Kraft, if he and Zelda were married, it would be gold! Sabrina then leaves her aunt's house at Roxy / Miles / Morgan's house. I also didn’t like these people, it’s not like they liked Sabrina. Sabrina seemed to have lost her charm and stuff, and her aunt seemed to have been driven out of her life and turned into her own stupid storylines. I kind of stopped watching this for a while, and the old replays are back, and I was like uuuuuuu! Lol I have to say that the past few seasons have been absolutely terrible. They got rid of aunts who suck because they were a big part of the show. then suddenly she lets the two freeloaders move into a nice house when they treat it like dirt. and now she works in some magazine store, so they invite celebrities to visit the show, if in each episode they spoil it. the program just really went downhill and lost its brilliance. I saw the last episode. there were aunts in it (Zelda turned into a candle), and she was going to get married, but she ran away with Harvey at the end. I would like to know what happened after. well, this is my review, and the only thing i can say is what remains, this is attractive to myself for seven years, this is a cat, Salem.
