You know that people in the film are expecting this when hailstones of king size fall from a clear blue sky. In fact, the weather remains pretty bad throughout this atmospheric thriller, and only Chamberlain’s lawyer has the answer. But, as I understand it, he is too European a rationalist to associate with that inner being, which is revealed only in a dream. <br /> <br /> Dark original riddle, heavy for metaphysics of director-writer Peter Weir. He has already proven his ability to flirt with other dimensions in Picnic in the Hanging Rock (1975). Here the secret world of the Australian aborigines is opposed to the rigidly ordered world of the prevailing whites. Something strange happens in the Aboriginal community when they kill one of their number for no apparent reason. Yuppi lawyer Chamberlain must defend them in the court of the white man. But the more he looks at things, the more mysterious things become, and the more the strange old Aborigine is interested in him. And then there are those terrible dreams that come and go at odd times. <br /> <br /> A well-structured scenario causes interest in everything. One of the reasons why the film works is the background normality of the wife and young daughters of Chamberlain. The audience can easily identify with them. And when their small world collides with forces that go beyond the ordinary framework, normality begins to bend, and we have the feeling that worlds are beginning to collide. Chamberlain emphasizes everywhere, especially during his tour of underground discoveries, where, I think, he had to show more growing understanding than he did. In the end, it is precisely the lifting of the mask that holds the key (I think) to the riddle, but its reaction does not in fact register the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the very concept of retaliation has a certain resonance now, thirty years later. In the film, the concept is wrapped up in many entertaining tricks-bites, but the subject itself remains eloquent. One of the ways to reveal the central irony in the film is the symbolism of the initial scene. A large white SUV is carried by the aboriginal family, leaving them in historical dust. The terrain looks like an internal tribal reservation that does not have special significance for the coastal flesh where the industry lives. However, it is also a region that is likely to survive something like the destructive last wave. Perhaps there is something to think about the past and the future. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is a really good movie that will probably stay with you.
