Spoilers I liked the later episodes from college and so on, but I would like to get the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the last thing I could get was the first season in college. However, the teenage years were sweet; although they focused a lot on magic, they also turned it into a character that teenagers might be confronted with when faced with the problems of teenagers and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; they did not encounter pathological problems during adolescence, such as sex and drugs, but they felt under pressure to adapt to them. I liked to watch her grow up and cope with her magic on her own, and try to convince her aunt to let her go when she left the nest. The old episodes were cute, but it was much better to see her as (well, in fact, no longer a young witch), but as an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In the earlier episodes, the aunts were great actresses, but they were so strict, kind, and loving, but they treated her like a small child in some ways, but not in every way. I mean, they grounded her for every little mistake she made with her magic, I mean, let her at least once learn from her mistakes! That was what I liked about college episodes; she could learn from her mistakes without relying on anything; it was annoying. Do not overwhelm Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and perfect for Sabrina with her personality Perki. I liked the last episode in which she ran away from marrying Harvey, but, as someone else said, it would be nice to see what happened after. I mean, I think it was obvious that they were married; where else would they run in her wedding dress? But I would like to see it. I assumed that they wanted to give the viewer the opportunity to choose the ending, and not to feed us with a spoon, as most comedies do. Someone said that they could show that they were getting married and going to school at home, but they had already graduated from college. Sabrina had a great job for the magazine, and I think Harvey had a good job because he lived in a good apartment, which we only see at the end, but they never say what he does. In childhood they always say that he does not want to be such a fighter as his dad. When Sabrian moved into the house that season, they never explained how it happened. In fact, much of what the show doesn’t explain, but I assumed it must be to leave it to us and give it some mystery. Before Sabrina and her friends moved into the house, they show Hilda getting married, and the whole spell ends with Zelda turning into a child. Hilda returns in the last episode (and Zelda is present in some other form, but Beth does not participate in this episode), but they don’t show Zelda’s husband or what happened, for example, did they have children? Perhaps they didn’t want too much to happen in one episode. I also liked Hart's sister, who played her spoiled cousin! She was a good and great actress, and it was interesting to see her adult! I can't believe it’s been six years since the show went on the air! I still love replays! Also, I don’t know if anyone noticed this, but in earlier episodes the city was called Westbirdb (a fictional city that I thought should be close to Salem), but in later episodes they don’t mention the name of the city , called Westbridge, and I think they call him Boston, unless she worked there. In addition, I wanted to add that the episode “Wild Wild Sabrina”, where she was taught about the importance of the rules, was offensive. She was 18 years old and she was too old to be valid; I would be offended if my parents founded me at the age of 18. And I think that although an 18-year-old girl can spoil the way she acted, they need to study the consequences on their own. I think at 18 they know the rules are important.
