I have this movie on DVD and I've already watched it thirty times. I must really love this, right? Well, not quite. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of my life I was a surfer and loved sports. To this day, I am fascinated by good surfing. Riding the Giants has a lot of this, and so I am a sucker for a thing. But I definitely have some bones to choose with that. (Peralta, are you listening?). <br /> <br /> First, the film has too little faith in the subject. Cutting and editing waves are such that most of them are destroyed. Very, very few waves actually appear passed from start to finish. Peralta seems to be addicted to the hyper-kinetic method. This is especially bad in the middle section at the site of the Mavericks in Northern California. Not a single wave is passed through to the end. Almost the entire section on the Mavericks (one third of the film) is a sharp editing of clips with an equally sharp soundtrack. I can understand the effect that Peralta was trying to achieve with the Mavericks, because it is a really frightening mixture of waves of bone destruction in a cold chopping ocean, but it goes too far. Mavericks is not just a bad trip with acid. The waves here really swept, even with great performances. It would be nice to see some of them. If Peralta thinks that this is a great sport (and I’m sure that he does it), then why does he insist on messing around with the subject? Sometimes editing makes a movie incomprehensible. There is one quick clip in the section about Piha in Hawaii that I still can't understand. Even if I run it on a DVD in slow motion, the image is too fast to be decrypted. The maximum length is a few frames. <br /> <br /> Secondly, did the guys who did it know about understatement? It is especially unpleasant to watch the narrated director's version on DVD. These guys sound like two girls from the valley. The same feeling is manifested in the main products. Every thing is always so damn "amazing", etc. One of the characters, in particular, is just nasty - Sam George, the editor of Surfer magazine, who practically writes his pants every time he has something to say. He is very passionate about the film. <br /> <br /> A huge amount of effort has been put into this movie. I mean, just to get the old filming that they have, as well as the entire interview. The film is a great story, and I think it's generally fascinating entertainment. Thematically he is well thought out, the three parts are centered around Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton respectively. There are several photographic applications that are phenomenal. The story directors say that this is a new type of 3D technology, and it really works. The three main characters shine in their interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He rises to the top of his sport, as I have only seen Michael Jordan in basketball. And also the story of his meeting with his father is a pearl. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> Just a movie could be a lot more. The very last part of the film, when the credits go, gives a hint of what it could be. There are some beautiful panoramic pictures of the waves with a magnificent soundtrack. (The soundtrack in the rest of the film is rubbish, although you might like it if you are a fan of modern crazy rock school.) Anyway, there are my two cents ...
