Blimey! Stacy Peralta accompanied Dogtown and the Z-Boys with an equally stunning documentary about the history of surfing on a big wave in America. Having brought together archival footage and interviews with legends about surfing, we will be transferred to the bold and free life of the early pioneers, whose passion for sports has spawned an industry that today affects the lives of millions of people. <br /> <br /> This is an acquaintance with these icons and their stories that give the film warmth. You can feel the respect Peralta has for this group when we hear stories of Greg Noll walking away from the pack of crazy surfers on the beach in a special way to challenge the 50-foot waves off the north coast of Hawaii. Or Jeff Clark, who for 15 years traveled through the insanely dangerous Maverick off the coast of northern California alone, until he was discovered and became a place to surf in California. And a collection of stories about the history of Laird Hamilton, a modern surfing icon. Hearing Greg Noll reverently treat Hamilton as the best surfer who ever sent me chills. <br /> <br /> (Aside, Noll, Clark and others were at shows in Sundance. Noll modestly called himself an old, mountainous surfer. He was deeply moved by the reception of his audience and film. And he and Clark were as cute as in the movie.) Riding Giants pay tribute to these outstanding athletes, while at the same time rewarding us with an understanding of the magnitude and terrifying power of the waves they seek to subdue the heart-rending vertical drops needed to their penetration, and the almost incomprehensible combination of adrenaline and fear that Surfers use they try every time they experience a monstrous wave. <br /> <br /> All this, and in the film there is something else. For those of us who did not live in California in the 60s, we get an idea of ​​the effect of surfing on American pop culture. (And to my surprise, the influence of the Gidget film on surfing!) Peralta also tells about some technical aspects of sports and the history of innovations in equipment. I am not a surfer, but like the rest of the Sundance audience, I was absolutely fascinated by this movie. Peralta declares himself as the Big Kahun of American documentaries.
