“Riding Giants” is a brilliant documentary that is deeply immersed in the world of one of the most underrated sports and reveals very human and rough emotions that only Stacey Peralta could capture. Everything from the structure, to the players, to stunning videos, even from the style in which it was filmed, only strengthened the beauty and power of the sport of surfing. Of all the surfing films I've seen (Endless Summer, Odyssey Billabong, and Step Into Liquid), this has been the most consistent and relevant. Starting from the early epochs of surfing (a brief history lesson), it lasts all the way to Laird’s notorious trip, “The Horsemen of the Giants” penetrate the mind, heart and soul of sports further than any other documentary films. How does it work? Providing us with the whole story, from beginning to end, without fiction or jig from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> For a start, this film was structurally sound. In other surfing films I've seen, you sometimes find yourself jumping from new person to new person, from wave to wave, from event to event, not knowing why or who? Riding Giants have very few veterans and novices. This allows you to really delve into the consciousness of each of them. In addition, instead of just riding the waves, we are given more history and more personal understanding of the world than before. This is what really attracted me to this film. I was impressed that instead of showing all these big waves (because this is a film with big waves), we listen to stories and see from our own experience that these surfers had to overcome in order to get to these waves. I liked the information about "beach bums" or father surfing. I am still amazed at the amazing tales of Greg Noll and his early adventures in harsh blue. Then, in order to see him personally, to talk about what was going on in his mind, he only added fuel to the fire. The simple structure that Peralta followed allowed me to follow and walk away with more knowledge of the sport than with any of the earlier films. Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can't help wondering what these brave people did and where the sport is going. <br /> <br /> Add intense and creative cinematography to a flawless structure, and you're damn close to the perfect movie. Using techniques that I last saw in the book “The Child Remains in the Picture”, the Riding Giants creates some scenes that almost seem to jump out of the screen. Although it is not 3D, it is the flat spatial feeling that arises when you put two pictures on each other. In this movie it worked. This created more depth in the scenes, and really added not only shock value (man, these waves were huge), but also the danger that these guys constantly faced. If it would break differently, or they maneuvered wrong, these waves would kill them. Some died, but that did not stop the sport. It only created more excitement and more passion to do better. It is this love of the ocean and the sport that brings me to my last point. <br /> <br /> Human factor. So many of my early adventures in the world of surfing documentaries have left me with beautiful waves, but very little about people. In the films, it was known that people are watching the waves, so basically everything will go from wave to wave, and perhaps a short second about the person. This film was the exact opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece, still giving us waves, but paying much more attention to surfers and the immortal question of why they do it every day. What penetrates their minds, what pushes them to go further, and the connections that form while on wild blue are over there. After watching this movie, I felt that I knew not only more about surfing on big waves, but also about the emotional side of sports. It was an element, not so developed in other films, that brought the Riding Giants to a completely new personal level. <br /> <br /> Overall, this film was brilliant. I have never witnessed such passion, devotion and love embodied in a structurally sounding film. From start to finish, I was impressed. I would be very happy if this film won an Oscar this year for Best Documentary, to see a new renaissance in the surfing world and open more doors for films of this kind. <br /> <br /> Rating: *** ** outside *****
