“Where the sidewalk ends (1950)”, respectively, begins with the names of Dana Andrews and Jean Tirneiss, written on the sidewalk, when dirty water flows between the sewer grates. Pavement represents respectability, integrity and morality ?? only fraudsters and offenders walk in a ditch. But even the most noble people sometimes tend to be mistaken, and when the sidewalk suddenly ends, it is sometimes impossible to avoid getting wet shoes. Mark Dickson (Dana Andrews) was born in a ditch, his father was a professional criminal, and spent his whole life clinging to the sidewalk, constantly balanced on the edge of the curb. As a police detective, Dickson wants nothing but to demonstrate the decency and decency his father lacked, but he has a meanness from which he cannot escape. When his hot temper causes a murder suspect to die, Dixon becomes the very father he despises, a cheap criminal who will cheat and lie to hide his crime. <br /> <br /> “Where the sidewalk ends” was the only film that reunited Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the excellent “Laura” (1944), although these two films could not be any further from friend. Considering that the earlier picture had a strong affinity for the story of the murder in a country house, this film is more common as the harsh drama of the city police. Given her delightfully memorable performance in the role of Laura Hunt, it is regrettable that Tierney is greatly underestimated here, occupying a typical niche of sympathetic, helpless romantic interest (as in the same year in Jules Dassin’s film Night and City (1950).) Andrews, on the other hand, rarely felt better, showing resilience and irritation, which I didn’t expect from him. actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in Big Combo (1955)) would have been better suited for the character; I did not realize this, but Conte appeared only a year earlier in Preminger's Whirlpool (1949). <br /> <br /> Tension when Dixon is trying to hide his accidental crime, absolutely exciting ?? of course among the most disturbing episodes of his era ?? although I feel that the situation has not yet been fully exploited. The taxi driver is the only person who could definitively identify Dixon as criminal but preminger hastily slide t the moment he passes Dixon on the stairs. If the witness were brought in when Dixon reproduced his own movements outside the entrance to the apartment, we could have a real firework display. And why in this respect the testimony of the taxi driver could not immediately release Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) from suspicion of murder? Incredible controversies like these cast a shadow on the excellent script from Ben Hecht, who fills his criminal underworld with brutal cops and criminals. Andrews' boiling and implosive law enforcement officer, exhausted by rage and remorse of conscience, rarely does better, at least comparable to Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray’s film On Dangerous Land (1952).
