New York police detective Mark Dickson (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons on a daily basis, at the same time coping with the usual ups and downs of everyday life. The tension caused by his inner struggle and his strong hatred of criminals leads him to serious erroneous judgments and to the fact that he does not realize the need to observe any code of conduct in his relations with people who are on the wrong side of the law. , He has experience in dealing with suspects and known criminals with brutal cruelty, and this led to a conflict with his superior officers, who condemned him for the amount of violence that he regularly used. Dixon cannot reconcile these calls for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and he still has a serious need to undermine his father’s reputation and avoid justifying the low expectations that many people place on him. <br /> <br /> When a rich Texan was killed after gangster Tommy Scalis (Gary Merrill) playing evening gambling, Dixon was assigned to this cause. Scalise tells Dixon's senior officer, Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden), that the victim was accompanied by Ken Payne (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Jean Tierney) and that Payne committed the murder. Dixon goes to Payne’s apartment and asks the suspect, who is intoxicated and does not want to cooperate, and when Payne strikes him, Dickson responds, and Payne falls and dies. Dixon continues to dispose of the body in a nearby river. Payne's wife is being questioned and after describing what happened to Scalis, she adds that her father went to Payne’s apartment later that night to argue with him that she returned home with bruises on her face. Payne had previously attacked her several times, and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), threatened that if this happened again, he would beat Payne. This information leads to the arrest of Taylor and the charge of murder. No one accepts Dixon’s explanation that Scalise killed a Texan, and then killed Payne to exclude him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make various attempts to convict Scalis, but ultimately realizes that the only way to succeed is to write a letter of recognition for his role in Payne’s death and cover. He does this and also writes that he is going to confront Scalis alone so that the police can arrest the gangster for killing Dixon. The confrontation with Scalis and the possible means by which Dixon is seeking his own ransom gives a tense and appropriate conclusion for this sandy thriller. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews tense and anxious expressions convey his character's constantly restless nature and anxiety as he deals with a series of misfortunes that include and follow the accidental death of Payne. Dixon, however, is not the only one who is in misfortune, as Morgan, a successful model, loses her job due to all the problems surrounding her. Her father, who was awarded a diploma a few years ago for helping the police, unfairly accused of a crime he did not commit. Ken Payne, who was a war hero, experienced unemployment and loss of self-esteem, leading to alcoholism and beating his wife, and Scalis, who was founded in business by Dixon's father, also suffers from his own misfortunes. <br /> <br /> “Where the pavement ends” is a fascinating story involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and the main character, who is an absolute personification of moral ambiguity.
