The beauty of Otir Preminger's grand, ghostly movie noir is that he has ambiguous intentions, betraying the dark essence of the protagonist, who is still annoyed by life in the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrews' vengeful, vindictive policeman is shown as an outsider, irrational and destructive person who may possibly change because he may have found a good woman to care for him. A worried person recovers himself with his own confused directness impression. The heavy mood constantly conveyed in the second half of the story by writer Ben Hecht is reflected in Andrews' tense performance, since Preminger sates the film into a rather prosaic substance of style. We do not just see and hear the city at night; we feel it, because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the most secondary and distant factors of it. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews demonstrates the complex nature revealed by his outbursts of violence and hatred, which always floods him. As the story progresses, he secretly becomes entangled in situational traps, but it is resumed by external actions, which can be seen in the facial expressions of the visceral hero of the vintage noir, before he performs them. <br /> <br /> This is a reflection of a particular phase in the development of the genre - an exciting, wild and shady film noir that unfolds in the ambiguous climate of the underworld, where the hero is so alienated that he always swells with rage, and although he loses his Rational Resistance, professionalism and ethical restrictions, he is still a good cop. Preminger just winks, telling the drama of social conscience about a corrupt community in a sprawling cityscape, instead forcing the thriller to ride on Andrews' shoulders as an existential journey of personal ramifications about a person with Oedipus fixation, which becomes disconnected, although with the reduction of the influence of the law on his side and immortality the perception of good and evil. <br /> <br /> Production companies in the early 1950s crowded out a picture of social problems and, more likely, made “low-budget”, “Low-risk thrillers”, such as this, apparently, in an attempt to avoid shocks conservative critics and social activists. But in Preminger's inimitable approach, there is expressionism. He brings to each scene a sense of everyday drama as a background for the plot. Each character must maintain their weight by doing something interesting, but none of them is a cartoon or a depressing comic relief. According to him, each character thinks he is a star, according to Karl Malden’s self-assertion, right from the back as an inspector of missionary police and an old waitress at the dinner table. These are the stars who are Andrews and Gene Tierney, both exhausted by their vain attempts to quell their emotional tensions, who do not want to do this.
