David Burton (Richard Chamberlain, not bad) is a more experienced lawyer in dealing with corporate tax (.. and suffers from unusual dreams that prevent him from seeing this indigenous man shrouded in darkness) who is called upon to initiate a case involving a group of Aboriginal people accused of killing one of them named Billy ... we see that he is trying to steal stones with a ritual painting on them and dies when the leader of a tribe of Aboriginal people named Charlie (Nanjeevarra Amagul) uses the "death bone" to stop his heart. Meanwhile, revolving around David, strange weather conditions affect Sydney, for example, rain, knocking out contaminated dirt and hail the size of a rock during a bright blue sky (without any kinds of clouds, such as the one that goes to school in Central Australia), not to mention the - “deformed” rainbow, which is divided (!) into groups. When David continues to work, he discovers that he is much closer to strange events taking place than he ever imagined. One aborigine named Chris (David Gulpilil) appears before him in a dream with a stone in the blood, and he discovers that this man is one of those whom he must represent in court! He found that after some strange encounters with Charlie and conversations with Chris it is quite possible that he may well be associated with a spirit named Mulkurul and that his dreams are real presentiments of possible horrors that are yet to come. <br /> <br /> Absorption of the apocalyptic drama builds its history methodically and completely original and unpredictable. Under the direction of Peter Weir, the film visually captures, as we see these stunning images of the possible death of civilization, but the most compelling corner of the film is certainly David's journey to find the monumental truth that torments him when he asks Countless Charlie and Chris first, to help his people escape a crime that they did not commit, and, ultimately, figure out what he should do with something catastrophic, what happens or may happen later.
