I'm a big fan of film noir, and this film by Otto Preminger is easily considered one of the best I've ever seen! Preminger reunited his two stars from the hit "Laura" - Gene Tirney and Dana Andrews, for a completely different kind of criminal film. Laura was based on love, and this film is based on hate; while we are watching police detective Mark Dixon, copper, which has already been carefully monitored by its superiors for its tough tactics, accidentally kills the suspect and tries to chain the murder to a well-known criminal; a man named tommy scalisi. The plot is superbly crafted, and Preminger perfectly balances several plot points; but it all comes down to the main moral implication surrounding our main character. The fact that the film unfolds in the criminal underground means that the plot provides an excellent basis for the work, and the director Otto Preminger skillfully catches the dark side of life, showing the main characters playing for money, beating each other (and their women), shooting and much the other - and it also helps to compensate for the film from the early “Laura”, which was very popular in the society of the upper class. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character that is hard to love, because he is so cold, but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that he is easily sympathetic, and this allows the audience to delve into his plight. Character development is timely, and since we have been following this character and his motives throughout the film; everything makes sense by the end. His colleague in the film is the beautiful Jean Tirney, who is not so much in this film as in Laura; the film that made Tierney its pivot. However, she copes well with what she has and the lead duo’s chemistry is excellent, and Tierney helps complete each scene in which she participates. I cannot say that this is a better film than the previous Laura; it's hard to follow, but this film definitely fits into the film's noir formula better than Preminger's previous film. The film also makes a good comparison for Laura; almost everything in this film is the opposite of the 1944 film, but everything is strangely familiar. Highly recommended to everyone!
