At first glance, it would be natural to compare “Where the pavement ends” with Laura. Both have noirish qualities, both were directed by Otto Preminger, and both stars Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But this is where most comparisons end. Laura dealt with smart, sophisticated people with the help of tools that are simply confused in the murder. Where the Pavement Ends are installed in completely different layers. These are people who have only two nickel, who are more drawn to each other, and they are more accustomed to seeing the wrong side in society than to go to costume parties. Where the Sidewalk ends is a sandy film filled with desperate people who solve their problems with fists or some other weapon. Small hoods are ten cents, and police usually knock confessions out of rogues. Getting trapped in a murder investigation seems as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> Although I have not yet seen all his work, based on what I saw, Dana Andrews gives one of his best ideas as a downed cop, det. Sergeant Mark Dixon He is one of those policemen who are used to working rough with local hoods if he gets information or recognition from him. One night he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He does his best to hide it. But things get harder when he falls in love with the wife of a dead man, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the number one suspect in a murder case. Since Morgan’s father means peace to her, Dixon must do everything he can to cleanse the old man without putting himself in danger. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the pavement ends are outstanding. In addition to the stunning performance of Andrews, the film always features the delightful Tierney. She has a quality that can make even the most dull moments brighter. The rest of the cast is just as solid with Tom Tully as the mistakenly accused father, who really stands out. Besides action, direction, sets, lighting and cinematography are all first-class. Overall, this is an amazingly well-made film. <br /> <br /> If I have one complaint (and, admittedly, this is very, very insignificant chatter), then this is what Tierney is almost perfect for the role and her surroundings. It is a little hard to believe that such a woman can mix with some of these unpleasant characters. This is not really her fault, it's just the way Tirney confronts. She seems too beautiful, polished and delicate for this part. But her gentle, kind, trusting nature adds a sense of the necessary realism to her image.
