In the film “Where the Sidewalk Ends,” Otto Preminger reunites Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, no doubt hoping to regain the magic of her Laura. But these are completely different films shot in different layers of New York (not to mention the opposite poles of the noir universe). A subtle gothic mist hovers above Laura’s high-profile Manhattan, with its erotic obsession and faint necrophilia; Where The Sidewalk Ends is pure urban soot and sand that fills the city with basement apartments, steam rooms and garages. <br /> <br /> But this film is as good as its honored predecessor, and dyed in - wool noir (Laura, on the contrary, one of the chains of films of 1944, which the French first called “noir”, was still very complicated murder mystery). Daylight enters only in a very temporary misery, and photography director Joseph Lachelle uses most alleys and brown stones, docks and ales. This is a typical big city, notably the Big Apple, noir, like some others from the unparalleled harvest of the 1950s, such as Side Street and Sleeping City, Tattooed Stranger, and the Land of Death. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of the film, Police Detective Dana Andrews was involved in violent acts, especially in his vendetta against criminal boss Gary Merrill (who, as we will see, was founded in the business by Andrews’s father, who was out of order) . When the game with floating crap, which Merrill manages, stabs to kill the indignant, the trigger Andrews falsifies the witness, inflicting a fatal crack in the skull (aggravated by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head) into the river, giving the impression that the suspect took the powder. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is not the end. The corpse is found, his estranged wife turns out to be Tirny, and all the evidence begins to turn to her father (Tom Tully), a burglar who accidentally ended up not only on the same vile streets on the night of the murder, but also to have enough reason to want his evil son-in-law to die . But the embittered loner Andrews finds in Tierney the challenge of his best nature; he tries to justify her father, while maintaining his own involvement in the whole dirty business secret .... <br /> <br /> Not as epigrammatic as Laura, the script “Where the pavement ends” (Ben Hecht) With his sharpness ( in the second disguise, his boss says to Andrews: “Look at yourself - everything shuddered like a bell”). <br /> <br /> But while Laura extended her attention to half a dozen characters, here Andrews is everything except for a single focus (even Tirney’s role is much less important than her half-spectral Laura). And Andrews may never have surpassed his performance here. He is silent and silent, but never more eloquent than when his face silently expresses the pain that his own stubbornness led to. He is a sufferer who can find a way out only through the safety valve of violence (he even attacks his faithful partner, Bert Fried). Of course, he finds the road to redemption too fast through the medium of his beautiful colleague. But it was a style of time, and the sweet ending could undermine this New York history of violence, corruption, and urban confusion.
