We are far from Laura. Again, Otto Preminger leads, Dana Andrews plays the lead role in the role of a police detective named Mark, and Gene Tierney is a beautiful woman who stalks him, but nothing more about WHERE THE END OF THE PIPELINE resembles everyone’s favorite murder mystery. Instead of a delightfully understandable dialogue, we get dark, painful realism. While the previous film took place in the luxurious upper echelons of New York society, here we are in a low rental quarter of dark streets, hooligans, cheap restaurants and dirty apartments. Tierney, gorgeous as ever, now works as a department store dummy and lives in Washington Heights (the “doll” district that once received the fox fur from Mark MacPherson of LAURA). This time Andrews is Mark Dickson, an older, sad, more worried version of a cool cop in a raincoat. <br /> <br /> Where SIDEWALK ends, it refers to a subgenre of noir, a film about police brutality that tells about cops who cannot control their violent impulses. Like Kirk Douglas’s character in “Detective Story,” Dixon owes his stormy contempt to his father’s criminal past. Where Douglas is self-satisfied and blind to his own mistakes, Andrews is burdened by repressed guilt and self-loathing. He accidentally kills a suspect and covers up his actions by attempting to throw suspicion on a slimy gangster (Gary Merrill), whom he has vainly pursued for years. Instead, a kind taxi driver is suspected, because he is the father of Morgan’s wife (Gene Tierney), alienated and mistreating him. Dixon, falling in love with the wife of the man he murdered, is desperately trying to save her father without giving himself away. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews, among the main characters of the noir, had such a difference: he was unable to seem unreasonable. Even playing the usual Joe, as he usually did, he always seems unusually sensitive and insightful; moreover, his atmosphere too thoughtful for his own comfort gives him that ghost - and the ghost - the quality that was his essence as an actor. He played ordinary guys, policemen and soldiers, but always with a tragic undercurrent to see and know too much. His bona fide heroes are marked by exhaustion, guilt feelings, inability to ever “ignite”. No other actor could so well express restrained anger, slow burning pain, the agonized intellect of Mark Dixon. He also has muffled tenderness, muffled warmth and even twisted humor, which makes him heartbreaking. This manifests itself when he leads Morgan to a restaurant, where he regularly, and for the first time, we see this cold, brutal man exchange insults with a waitress, whose sarcasm cannot hide her affection and concern for him. When Dickson asks his partner for money to find a lawyer for Father Morgan, he provides them, although they have recently argued, and Dickson struck him. There is no word about loyalty or the knowledge that he is a good guy at heart, but we see all this in the painful silence of a man and the resignation of his wife when she passes some jewels to lay. Dixon's kindness manifests itself in the reaction of other people to him, and as a result of Andrews' deeply exciting performance. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a minor star, he is probably the most typical fortieth person. He watches some films, almost without removing his coat; with this square silhouette of a mid-century, reinforced with Fedora, a glass of bourbon, a cigarette that he doesn’t take from his mouth when he speaks, he looks like a male ideal of rigidity and passionlessness. While many noirs romanticize a tough guy with two fists, WHERE THE END OF WORK offers an unshakable portrait of reality behind the facade, an exciting and melancholic study of the roots and consequences of violence. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Andrews was underestimated in his own time (he was the only one of the three main characters in the BEST YEARS of OUR LIFE who are not nominated for the Oscar, although his restrained work is much more convincing than Oscar-winning drunk). Fortunately, Andrews appeared in some films that ensured his immortality, and now finally this little-known film, which contains his best performance, can be considered as part of the amazing set of Fox Film Noir. This series, including a number of previously unreleased titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth-Century-Fox may have been the best recordings from all the major studios when it came to the film noir.
