George Cukor directs this high-quality history of uncertainty in the theatrical world with his usual sensitive but firm touch. The speech of Ronald Coleman, which brought him an Oscar, is still worth it, despite several overloaded moments ?? it is difficult to forget his persecuted face, since he is aimlessly struggling with social functions and trying to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting subtexts, and Cukor does an excellent job of clarifying them, without forcing anything to do too much. Garson Kanin’s and Ruth Gordon’s screenplay is great, he mixes the rare theater world with a gloomy street world and comprehensively uses elements from Shakespeare's King Lear as a reference to the main theme of the film about jealousy and to the obsession of Coleman’s character with his identity. . <br /> <br /> A few interesting things about this movie ?? outwardly, this could be denied as too frivolous attitude to the everyday problems of actors. In other words, if the art of acting skills required such a complete sublimation of individuality, we would soon have many psycho-methodist actors wandering the streets. But I do not think that the main task of this story is acting or the work / art of acting as such. I think that Anthony’s struggle is a broader existential question, a deeply hidden uncertainty about identity. I believe that in his relationship with ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso) there is a key. He says that he would never or could become a good actor without her inspiration. And at another moment, he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her. I'm not sure what to do about it, but it seems important to me, especially because his obsession with her and jealousy towards her ultimately push him towards himself. Perhaps this means that Anthony has put himself in the first place at risk by entering into a serious relationship. Marriage implies a "union of the soul" in the traditional concept. Unusually, the main characters of the male and female divorced at the beginning of the film. This is not a completely unprecedented case (among others, the comedy of Hawks “The Friday of His Girlfriend” comes to mind), but it is unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not end with the resolution of their romantic parting. In a sense, a film may mean that jealousy is another form of self-love.
