Ronald Coleman plays a famous Broadway actor who began to lose his mind and sense of identity. After many years of playing in various roles, he cannot remember who he really is — who his roles are and who he is. And, much more seriously, he begins to see and hear his game, even in ordinary everyday life. So, since he is playing Othello now, he starts behaving jealously and suspiciously - just like the title character. Ultimately, this leads him to the depth of insanity and murder. <br /> <br /> I saw this film many years ago, and I liked it. I just saw it again and loved it. Now, perhaps, my enthusiasm is due to the fact that I always liked Ronald Coleman, and for him this is a great triumph for which he won an Oscar for Best Actor. And looking at the competitions of that year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN'S AGREMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice because he stretched from its usual comfort zone and performed a much more demanding role. <br /> <br /> Now I noticed that one reviewer hated this film because they hated Shakespeare - and it took about half of their review, talking about his dislike for him. However, this film is not really about Shakespeare, and it doesn't matter if you like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I admired the small parts of the play that Coleman played anew - although, as I said, this is NOT a real film about Shakespeare. Instead, it’s a beautiful portrait of an actor who goes crazy and mixes his stage role with reality. It could have been ANY play, although Othello was a great choice because of the murder scene, which is really played later in the film. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very clever movie because of the wonderful script - with some overtones from the film Noir. Fortunately, the game was awesome, as Coleman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelley Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was especially good - he played his part just right). And, considering that the great George Cukor was the director, it's no wonder that this is a great movie from beginning to end.
