DUAL LIFE developed mysticism among film fans for two reasons: the idea of ​​the plot that the actor is so passionate about the role (here Othello) that he caught the big flaw of this character and embodied it in his life; and that this is the film that won the Oscar (and also Golden Globe) of Ronald Coleman as the best actor. Let's first consider the second paragraph. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Coleman the most important role or even his main role? I have doubts on any level - but this is one of his most famous roles. For most of his career, Ronald Coleman played decent gentlemen, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He is the bulldog Drummond (retired in the production of Goldwyn, so as not to be arrogant racist), fighting crime. This is Raffles, a great cricketer and an even bigger robber trying to carry out his best theft in order to save his friend's honor. This is Robert Conway, the great imperial politician who was kidnapped and brought to this paradise on earth, Shangri-La. This is Dick Heldar, who courageously goes to death after learning that his masterpiece is destroyed, and knowing that he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sydney Carton and Rudolph Rusendill to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he unknowingly villainous - he kills one person and almost kills two others. It doesn't matter that he is clearly mentally ill - his behavior here is anti-social. <br /> <br /> For me, Coleman had to get an Oscar for Heldar, or Cardboard, or Conway — all the more typical of his role playing. But the Academy has a long tradition of choosing atypical roles for awarding its treasure to its leading members. Anthony John Coleman is a very good performance, and at one point he is really scary. Alone with Signay Hasso in her house, she is at the top of the stairs, and he is at the bottom, they have an argument. She demands that Tony leave, saying that she will not see him. He looks at her, his face strangely hardening as he had never used before, and he says, “Oh, no, you won't!” He starts up the stairs, frightening Hasso, and she runs to her room. He stops and leaves. In fact, this is the real culmination of his performance - even more than his attack on Hasso on the stage, or Edmond O'Brien, or his murder of Shelley Winters. It showed his blind rage. At that time it was (for me) an Oscar-worthy performance. But this is only that moment. I am glad that he was recognized for his role, but he should have received an award for more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> His real role in the Shakespearean role of Othello is not great, but tolerable. Too often, it allows the dialogue to slip from the language in the style of forced singing (I wonder if this was due to the mentoring of Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to properly cope with the role, or the reaction to it). Nowadays, Othello plays an African American actor more often than a white one. The brilliant performance of Paul Robson in this role firmly established this new tradition. But the three most famous roles in the film are those of Coleman, Orson Welles in his film OTHELLO and Lawrence Olivier in his film about the production of OTHELLO. All three white actors played a role in the black face. My personal favorite of these three is Wells, who seems the most subtle. But even watching the beautiful version of the film Wells makes me angry because Robson never managed to put his work (with Jose Ferrer in the role of Iago) on film. <br /> <br /> Now the first question - can an actor be in captivity? role? I heard different things about it. Some actors admitted that they took with them the role of the theater or film set. Others have found a role that they need to stimulate, influencing them on a new cause of action regarding their life or some aspect of life. But in fact, I have never heard of anyone who became a murderer as a result of the role. This seems to be a melodramatic, hackneyed idea. <br /> <br /> In fact, this was not a new idea in 1947 with Tsukor, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944, in the role of “B”, Brigton Strangler, with John Loder in the lead role, used a similar story about an actor playing the notorious Jack the Ripper, and who begins to commit murders of this type after an accident affects his mind. In the 1930s there was an earlier film in which the actor playing Othello is jealous of his wife (I think the name was “Men are not gods, but I'm not sure”). But because of the name and career of Coleman and the director Tsukor, this is the DOUBLE LIFE that people think about when they recall this plot idea. It even came to a comedy (finally) in the CHEERS episode, where Diane Chambers helps a former prisoner who may have acting talent, and they put on OTHELLO at the bar, right after he sees her with Sam Malone kissing . Only Diana is aware of the problem of the identity of the former prisoner and cannot delay the production for long enough (she tries to start a discussion of the history and symbolism of the play). <br /> <br /> The composition of the DOUBLE LIFE was first class, and the direction of Kukor was as sure as ever. So the film is definitely worth watching. But, despite the fact that Coleman got another interesting role, it was not his best work on the screen.
