This two-part mini-series is not as good as the original of 1966, but it is durable. The original benefited from a huge amount of things - it was all black and white, it had a great jazz score, and it was shot in real places, including the house of the doomed Clutter family. This was important because in the book and in the original film the house is very similar to the character himself. <br /> <br /> This remake was filmed in Canada, and I think it's good for Kansas. The story tries to be as sympathetic to Perry as he dares, and Eric Roberts plays him like a somewhat fake person, his homosexuality is barely hidden. Roberts' softer take does not work in the end, because it’s hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith will simply explode as a result of the murder. Whereas Robert Blake’s gaze on Smith did not leave you in doubt that his Perry Smith was an extremely dangerous character. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards was excellent as a pompous, big-mouthed and, ultimately, cowardly Dick Hiccock, the brains of the team. , His performance is very well compared to the role of Scott Wilson in the original film. <br /> <br /> Since this film is longer, it has more time for the development of the Clutters family, and in this respect, I think the 1996 film has an advantage. Disorder is simply an outstanding, dignified family. They have never harmed another soul, and it is simply inexplicable that such a decent family is ultimately killed in such a terrifying way. It still amazes me that after the Unrest was locked in the bathroom, Herb Klatter didn’t knock out the window, so at least his children would have a chance to escape. In this film, a thought occurred to him, but too late. From what I read about the real house, which still stands, about how the bathroom is set up, they could open the opposing drawers and effectively barricade the door, which would cause the killers to get inside. But it could have been. ”We have gained time to escape some of the Clutters. Why “Riots” didn't try to do this, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book will understand that this film talks a lot about how the crime was committed, but not too seriously. However, it distracts viewers like me, who read a lot about this case. The actors playing the cops under the leadership of Sam Neil and Leo Rossi are equally excellent, I think they are much better than the band than the actors in the original film. They know that in order to fix the loop on the necks of both, you need to force them to confess. And the officers come to the interview immaculately prepared. They have already discovered a probable alibi, a false story about a trip to Fort Scott, and have debunked every part of it. The officers then allowed Smith and Hiccock to simply enter their trap. Hikkok is bs an artist who believes that he can convince anyone of something, and the officers respectfully allow him to tell the story of his cover. But when they lower the arrow on him, he breaks down very quickly. It is very well filmed and played, and it is very pleasant to watch, because the viewer, of course, must especially hate Hikkok, a cowardly cheater who needs an easily controlled Smith to kill him. Supposedly, Hiccock later stated that the real cause of the crime was not the theft of money from the Riots, but the rape of Nancy Clutter. At least she was spared from this degradation. <br /> <br /> Riot actors are very good, especially Kevin Teague, like Herb Klatter. This story delicately concerns Mrs. Clutter's emotional problems, most likely clinical depression, and Mrs. Clutter shows amazing inner strength when she firmly and resolutely demands that the killers leave their daughter alone. From what I read, the surviving Klatter family was particularly concerned about the way Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book, arguing that this was completely untrue. But besides, both murderers told the police how Mr. Clutter asked them not to disturb his wife because of her long illness. Capote might come up with this fiction to make Bonnie's character more interesting, but, of course, the killers had no reason to falsely portray Mrs. Clutter, and no doubt most of the conversation in the book (duplicated in the films) was immediately taped into the killer's confessions. So it would be stupid if Herb said this, and would not say that it is true.
