Like others, I have seen and studied most of the books and films related to the Killing Disorder, including several dramatic works, thematically based on the actions and psycho-mythology of the participants in the crime, including Capote himself. As for Capote, I cannot forgive him for the fact that he deliberately refused recognition, intimacy and letters to Perry Smith, even from defense lawyers. I believe that the truths and facts that Capote "reserved" for his "book", which demanded two convictions and capital punishment from Capote, would almost certainly support the successful defense of madness for Perry Smith, even under the old McNaughton rule. Capote himself could never write another important literary work after "In Cold Blood." Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he eagerly encouraged and planned the brutal death penalty to provide the thrilling end he demanded for his book / drama. According to him, both men had to die in order for his book to succeed. The book was supposed to justify itself by pretending that it was the horror of the horror of the death penalty. His actions and silence guaranteed this icy conclusion. <br /> <br /> Capote's book is not true. This is not a fact or journalism. This drama and melodrama, permeated with his own creative psychotic imagination. What most people consider the virtues of a modern first film is a vivid depiction of Capote's mind, which may have been the coolest aspect of all. It is not surprising that the audience is ironic, but they definitely prefer Blake’s performance. This actor is a nightmare from dishonesty Capote. <br /> <br /> So who can tell you how to play two killers? Who should judge what can make a poetic psychotic injection from excessive politeness and kindness to the “do it now” murder? I agree with the few who see in the work of Eric Roberts a magnificent performance, Shakespeare in its spectrum, but played with heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards uses a much safer “relationship mode” to create a clever Hicca; but he is one-dimensional and boring, with a few notes in his television range. Roberts is almost four-dimensional, he adds physical weakness and agony to the powerful body of the animal, a Frankenstein creature who thinks in poetry and knows exactly what NOT to do. Like Leopold about Loeb, Robert Perry Smith is hopelessly in love with an evil person. Without Hicca or a man with his features, Perry Smith would not lead his psychotic mind into a world of horror. He fears himself more than anything else in life. <br /> <br /> Given the freedom of death of Capote from the consciousness of Klatter's murders, Roberts and Edwards are free to create original personalities and psychosis to create a different and new production of drama. The same facts, some of the same lines from the medical history, but deeper, more complex, with obviously titanic psychotic stresses - indeed, Roberts is so good at this liquid insanity that he physically and externally shows every moment how little he realizes where or who he is. <br /> <br /> What many of our reviewers in this film, particularly Roberts, do not like, is that cold-blooded murders are not shown as they are expected, and they are manipulated on demand. This is because here we see a much more realistic “interpretation of life and death” than Capote could have created — a real tragedy. <br /> <br /> The real cold-blooded killer, Mr. Capote, and his hypocritical artistic “popular science novel” do not control these interpretations and ideas. <br /> <br /> If “In coolness” and the influence of Capote on life, literature and truth matter just as scientists say, then this requires courage and talent to portray the truth or a version of the truth that is not a title cowardly lies made up from the depths of Capote's own abyss.
