I'm from Sweden, and I just watched this movie, and the fact is that I thought everything was in order. I’ve seen a lot of bad comments about this, but you have to remember that many people who watch this two-part mini-series are located around the world, not just in the USA. Also remember that not everyone has ever heard of a film that was filmed in the 60s and, possibly, not in the events (murders). And even more ... that it can be difficult to find the original film, and if so, then there are always people who dislike black and white films. It feels new and in color and will find its public. He is now 12 years old, but I first saw him. I will try to find the first one if I can compare them, but I have not seen it anywhere in Sweden. Of course, there is the Internet, but not for everyone in the world. The fact is that this is mainly part of the American criminal history, and it was big in the 50s-60s only in the USA, but in the rest of the world, I think, it just passed. Well, this has been talked about for some time, but 40 years later it will disappear, for example, in Europe, because time is passing. We had our own problems and crimes, so if someone makes a remake of the film and returns it to the world again, this is not a bad idea at all. A new generation can take part in this horrible story, and even the film about Capote, which was released just a few years ago, was a pretty good film, I think. This will increase interest in events that occurred about 50 years ago, and, perhaps, stop him falling asleep. It brought me, and now I'm looking for a version of Robert Blake, so everything was not so bad ... eh? These are my opinions. Some people, of course, do not agree, but hey ... everything is in order. Sometimes it will be good with remakes on old movies. Not always the good old ones. Film making techniques have evolved a lot, and the scenes can be made more realistic if they want to today. Of course, it is always a question of money. There were so many films that were shot in the “good old days”, but there were also not enough money, bad directors, etc., and they are reworking them today (50 years later), and suddenly you can watch them. My friend got this box of old classic horror movies and S / F, and I can't say that I was impressed with the so-called good old days. Most of them you put in the trash directly. They were so bad that we just sat there like a zombie ... could not move ... like the dead. I can not recommend them to anyone. Some of them I saw remakes, and I remember that I liked them ... but not the originals. They were just terribly hurt. It looks like an old story about who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore for the first time, you might find him one you can trust or like ... Thanks for me, and I apologize for my english, this is not so good. / Lars from Sweden
