I found this family movie enjoyable and enjoyable, although I am not a child. It is based on the concept of high school student Susan (Elisha Cuthbert), who discovered that the elevator in her high-class apartment building becomes a time machine when the key chain key she received from a blind scientist is turned into an elevator lock. some uncertainty about the time of day). <br /> <br /> The film is not serious science fiction. You have to ignore the usual paradox of instability associated with a change in the past during time travel, that is, the past changes to prevent the Walker family from becoming 1881 poor, but this change means that the family has never faced financial problems, so Victoria will not told Susan about the financial problems that her mother had, which means that Susan should have no reason to change the past in the first place! But besides this, there are some nice touches in this story, such as an old elevator panel found in the apartment of a woman who secretly invented and installed a time machine without having a lock, which activates the time machine function. Like in many stories for children We must also assume that the child will not share tremendous information about the time travel device with a parent or another adult, but will instead hide the time traveler. <br /> <br /> This also requires ignoring some poorly set scenes and the boring performances of some adult actors. (The child actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabriel Boni and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing in their roles.) In one of the scenes of the 1300s, the Native Americans notice that Susan is watching and photographing them. But they are not surprised by the sudden appearance of this blond girl with white skin in a peculiar dress. Their answer is to simply stop what they are doing and calmly go to Susan. In the same scene, the Indian mother is supposed to have a child, but, obviously, is a doll (with white skin and with a flowing head). <br /> <br /> Timothy Basfield, the award-winning actor who initially became famous in the old television show “Thirty Something”, gives a somewhat uninteresting, sometimes sluggish performance. At the other extreme, Michel Perron considers him an Italian manager (janitor), like Richard Yutras as a curious neighbor. (The name of the neighbor is Edward Ormondroyd, the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based.) I suspect that these problems may be due to the director’s fault, or perhaps because of a limited budget. <br /> <Despite these shortcomings, I recommend the film for children. In addition to the interesting story, it also has a certain educational value, since it indicates how much both technological and social norms have changed in a little more than 100 years.
