Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax attorney living in Sydney, Australia, who is involved in the trial of the murder of five Aborigines accused of killing a compatriot in the 1977 apocalyptic thriller “The Last Wave”. Continuing on the story of where the Picnic in Hanging Scale stopped, the film goes deep into the study of the unknown and, in the process, shows the gulf between two cultures that live side by side, but do not understand each other’s culture and traditions. Weir shows how white society considers local beliefs to be primitive superstitions and believes that since they live in cities and are “domesticated,” their tribal laws and culture no longer apply. <br /> <br /> From the very beginning, Burton plunged deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols, where the line between real time and “sleep time” evaporated. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film, starting with the opening sequence, in which sudden thunder and hail interrupt a peaceful school break until the discovery by Burton that his bath is overflowing and water flows down his steps. As the strong and unusual weather continues with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between light scientific explanations of this phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives becomes apparent. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) are studying books about the aborigines and learning about the role of dreams in the traditions of the tribes. When he invites one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) to his home for dinner, he hesitates to learn that he is the subject of an investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadzhivarr Amagul), a mysterious Aboriginal sorcerer associated with the defendants. As Burton’s investigation continues, his clients complicate his work by refusing to disclose the true events of the murder. <br /> <br /> After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that the aborigine was killed in the tribe. a ritual, because "he saw too much," although Chris refuses to admit it in court. Burton, becoming more and more concerned about the mystery that he cannot solve, tells his stepfather the priest: “Why did you not tell me what are the secrets?” This is a legitimate question, but according to the monk, the Church answers all riddles. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and enters underground cave tribes. Although we do not know for sure what is real and what a dream is, he comes face to face with his deepest fears in a spellbinding climax that will make you think about its meaning in the tiny hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> In this historical period, when the local Hopi and Mayan prophecies predict the “end of history” and the purification of a person leading to the Fifth World, the “Last Wave”, although she is already 25 years old, is still relevant. The aborigines are portrayed as a living culture, not completely subordinate to the white man, but I am worried about the gnawing feeling that we are looking, but not quite seeing. Weir opened our eyes to a mystery that lies beyond our shared understanding of reality, but he perpetuates a disastrous orientation, which sees opportunity only in terms of fear, showing nature as a dark and uncontrollable force without a hint of living spiritual beauty on both sides of time.
