The 1977 John Cassavetes film “Opening Night” is what critics usually call the work of such a significant artist “out of sight.” This is an excellent film in itself, and one of the best portraits of the midlife crisis ever filmed. This is not a perfect movie, as it takes about half an hour at two twenty-four minutes, and too much attention is paid to the main character’s drunkenness, Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowlands, Cassavetes's wife. But only one of Woody Allen’s masterpieces, The Other Woman, which also played a major role in Rowlands, eleven years later, is the best portrait of the internal conflicts of an aging woman. However, Rowlands really won the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this image, and it was well deserved. Often this film, written by Cassavetis, is easy to compare with his earlier and inferior film Woman Under the Influence, but this is a false comparison. The Rowlands character in this film is very mentally unbalanced from the start, and also due to the blue collar, while its characters in this film and in the Allen film are ghostly haunted artists. In this film, this is the ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as Myrtle's younger twin, while in Allen's movie is her character's past ?? Many critics perceive this film as a portrait of an alcoholic, seeing Myrtle surround himself with assistants, such as a director who tells her during the premiere: "I saw a lot of drunks at one time, but I" I never saw anyone as drunk as you who could stand up. You are wonderful! “But this is wrong because alcohol is not her problem, nor is her chain smoking. They just distract from everything that actually drives her to her own destruction, and, fortunately, Cassavetes as a narrator, he never allows us to find out exactly what is wrong with Myrtle, and despite the fact that she’s in the end cope with all the ends, reason to expect that she really solved something important. Such an end without permission directly links Cassavetes with the more daring European directors of the recent past, who were comfortable not to reveal everything to the audience and make their viewers think, even if it hurts. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the film perfectly repeats the effect of a shower that was drunk from a shower or a fever from the fog, and as such the viewer again subconsciously participates in his drama. Regardless of whether Myrtle Gordon is recovering, after the film's universe talks about it, it is up to every viewer to decide, and, as we have seen before this cover closes, choice matters.
