When I watched John Cassavetes's Opening Night, I remembered something that Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about his personal experience of creating art or acting. He cited an example, say, if he ran into a dog when he was walking along the road to play a play, that this would not be the end of his life, but that it would affect him, and that, no doubt, he would have to bring this experience with him on stage, even if it was a light comedy. “Otherwise,” as he said, “what am I doing?” I could not help thinking about his words while watching the character of Gena Rowland, Myrtle Gordon, who has been going through a very similar scenario for almost a week or so. Of course, there is one more thing in the Cassavetes film, because it’s about how the theater works around a star actress, what emotions and human nature mean when they look at the role of the character, and how a person lives when everyone has them (for example, Myrtle Gordon). ) - theater. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of the film, after leaving the play, Myrtle signs autographs, and one such fan called Nancy approaches her favorite star and pours her heart into Myrtle. This is a touching little moment, but it does not last long, as she has to get into the car (heavy rain and all that). Then she watches in horror as the girl who was standing next to the car when she was leaving gets into another car in a car accident. She is not quite sure what happened, but then she learns that the girl actually died from the blow. Since then, she is stunned by this even after she thinks that it is outside her system. At first, this manifests itself in small ways, for example, when she rehearses the scene with her fellow actor (performed by Cassavetes) and does not seem to take the hit - she blames it for lack of depth in the character (writer: “What do you think plays missing? ”“ I hope, ”says Myrtle,“ but then Nancy begins to show her, a vision that for Myrtle is all for real, until she suddenly disappears. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes As in previous films, this is after searching for what it means to have an emotion, to truly feel something and to feel it, or its absence, and how it affects others. This is not exactly a new site for the Rowlands, who previously played a woman on the edge of her role in the film “Woman Under the Influence” (in this case because of alcohol), and would not be another area for friend Ben Gazzar, who has just appeared in starring in the killing of a Chinese bookmaker. But the actors express everything they need for their characters in each scene; Cassavetis does not tell them how to get from A to B in the scene, and he does not need it. In the film Cassavetis, there is a mood that sometimes surpasses ugly camera work. You know, Myrtle, for example, must somehow be content, even if it is not a plot. But she is haunted and unhappy with her character’s lack of depth and tone of the play (“Aging, who will see it?”, She asks the playwright), and this is beginning to affect others. <br /> <br /> The question soon becomes, although not usual. An ordinary playwright can create a conflict: “Will she be able to go on stage, will the show go on?” It doesn’t matter for Cassavetis, even if she’s there, as well as the question “Will she be okay?” as a “Second Woman,” could help her deal with her personal demons and lose control of reality (seeing Sarah and attacking her in front of complete strangers who wonder what the hell is going on)? Or lack of hope of the game strains everything else with her? The depth Rowlands makes with his character is intense and painful, and the fact that this is expected does not mean that she is more boring than “Woman Under the Influence” - in any case, it is as good as in this film - to be honest about a person in this profession, and therefore, other performances are the same plausible: from Ghazarra to Nancy, played by the fine Laura Johnson. Cassavetis is not easy to answer your own questions. <br /> <br /> One of the real thrills of “Opening Night”, along with the great actors playing a terrific script, is that Cassavetis plays in the theater the way he does. We see how the game is completed - and, apparently, this is a real game, and we only know a little about what it is about. When we see actors on stage performing it, we become more and more prone to participate in what happens in melodrama (quarrel in relationships and affairs, random slap and domestic violence), and improvisation of actors. I was surprised to see how much it was really improvised, how much Cassavetes allowed other actors to do in scenes where Myrtle starts to get hung up or, in the end, completely broken. He is also on stage, so they must have had to work out something in advance and allow what happened to happen. <br /> <br /> This is fun, amazing, frightening and just on the edge of the scene, some of the best theatrical scenes ever filmed, and we see the line between the actor on stage, the actor in the film, the actor with the actor remarkably erased together. “Opening Night” is a powerful drama, full of frank talk about death and madness, reality and fiction, where love is between people, and, finally, finally, what does “action” mean?
