Once Pauline Kael, who was never a fan, suggested that Cassavetes was not thinking as a director, but as an actor. What Kel meant was his supposed lack of sophistication as a director; to continue this comparison, it never seems to me that Cassavetis directs himself in the film, it seems that Cassavetes is introducing himself into his own creation, like Orson Welles. Cassavetis is the same genius as Wells, but much more important than a real artist (as opposed to a technician or a speaker). It's like a cross between Italian passion (although Cassavetis was actually Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before have internal demons been subjected to such physical impact. <br /> <br /> This is about the secret of becoming, execution and action. Like the haunted James skips, she is surrounded by ghost echoes. Rowland's destruction, which is stunning and almost operatic, surprisingly coming from Cassavetes, is accompanied by a nervous, disturbing piano. Who is this dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are endless, and it is surprising to find this kind of thing in a Cassavetis film, just a clear manifestation of intelligence (there is also a small part of the voice-over in the beginning). But then, he was always smart, he just never slapped him for easy praise. This is not “Adaptation”; Here the confusion of reality, fiction and drama is not to show the mind, but to show the inner turmoil and confusion that it creates. <br /> <br /> There is so much going on there. Pure, joyful love when Rowlands greets his porter; horror when she beats herself ... The scene where the girl talks about how she devoted her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations of an understanding of what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see some of the roots of this in “Star is born”, and Almodovar borrowed “Everything about my mother” from her. I think the final is a little disappointing due to laughter, but preparing for it is almost disgusting. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite its urgency in many scenes, is a relatively small moment in the film.) <br /> <br /> This is a living, breathing thing, and it feels like a process: it can go in any direction at any time. Like The Taste of Cherry, we are reminded that "you should never forget that this is just a game." And yet it is dangerous: when Rowlands says this phrase, is this a great drama? How will the public perceive this? Is she reflexive or doesn't she care? Her (characteristic) breakdowns are included in the performances and, ultimately, in the film, in such a way that it is similar to how one could watch a woman, James Dean. 10/10
