Yesterday I went to the monthly flea market in an antique, which comes to the city. I'm really not interested in such things, but I went on a friendship with friends who have such an interest. Looking through hundreds of suppliers, quickly passing by many of them, I noticed a person selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the films he had on DVD were quite recent; The oldest person I noticed was co-starring Cary Grant-Irene Dunn in 1940, "My Beloved Wife." But VHS tapes were by their nature mostly old films. I could not resist buying something, as they were sold at 3 tapes for 10.00 dollars. What a deal, as Eddie Murphy said. I stumbled upon a movie I’ve heard about for many years, but I have never seen: “The Opening Night of John Cassavetta” (1977). Well, I certainly wanted her to be a fan of Jena Rowlands, and I heard that this film contained one of her best performances. He also had faces (1968). I saw it about 20 years ago, at a time when I probably didn’t have enough life experience to fully appreciate it. And I wanted to take advantage of this deal, so I grabbed it too. My other choice was the ELBOW CLAIR (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home, I decided to put aside the work that I had planned to do so that I could watch the OPEN NIGHT. I was completely delighted with this movie. The focus is on Myrtle Gordon (Gene Rowlands), a well-known stage and screen actress who, during announcements outside the city, faces personal and professional problems related to both her character and the subject of an aging play. After one rehearsal, an avid fan and autograph hound loves her with cries (and tears): “I love you! I love you! ”In a few minutes, this fan was hit by a car and killed. This starts Myrtle’s immersion in herself, where she has to face her own fears of aging, the future of her career as a mature actress and the shortcomings that she finds in the play itself (written by a much older female playwright Joan Blondel played). Throughout the film, she sees a dead girl, a clear symbol of her past; drinks almost constantly; and receives insincere support from its director (Ben Gazzar), producer (Paul Stewart), her colleague (John Cassavett himself) and the playwright. In fact, they are more worried about how her behavior will affect them and their career: flirting on stage, improvising on new lines, as a rule, wrestle with on stage and come to the Broadway discovery completely drunk. <br /> <br /> This story is intended not only to solve the problems of aging, but also to propagandize Cassavet’s discontent in the mainstream video production. When I watched the movie, I was sometimes surprised, confused, surprised, humiliated, but ultimately involved, entertained and satisfied. Cassawett really had a great sense of humor, was very concerned about his audience understanding what he was hinting at and wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story. He hints at ALL OF EVE with the help of an avid theater fan, even putting a young girl in a slicker and a hat similar to the one that Anne Baxter wore at the beginning of this film. This allusion most obviously supports his theme of aging, the contrast of an older and younger woman. He also apparently uses contrast as a symbol for Myrtle, opposing her own lost youth. At first, I felt that the symbolism was TOO obvious, but then I realized that this was Cassavet’s intention. He does not want his audience to misunderstand what he wants; if they do, it will prevent their emotional engagement. This ghost of youth pursues Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle ultimately "kills" her, but before she can really agree with herself and the play, she must reach the bottom (another figurative death?). Therefore, Cassavet forced her to get drunk to such an extent that she could not walk and must crawl into her dressing room at night when the play begins on Broadway. She resurrects herself (the way out of such situations is also important for the film's theme) and makes the play successful, giving an excellent presentation and changing the direction of the game for the better, improvising to have a ray of hope for the aging character she plays. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavetts and Rowlands actually played in front of a live audience that knew and did not know that it would become part of the film. The game they are doing also acts as a contrast: it is basic and self-confident in relation to the issues it touches, that is, until Myrtle changes its outcome. At the same time, it also improves the work of its colleagues. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) between people, subjective realism and universal truth - these were the interests of Cassavetta in making films. <br /> <br /> Gene Rowlands is amazing in everything. Of course, she has such a beautiful face, and Cassavettes (it is well known that she is in love with her throughout their marriage) addresses us with numerous close-ups so that we can also feel her emotions and know what is happening inside her. She makes you take care of this character so much that you want to see her sneak out of this soul crisis. And this is what keeps your attention for 2 hours and 30 minutes. From time to time, the film goes consciously and requires constant attention, but anyone who is interested in good film production and excellent acting will be rewarded. Someone else said this is a movie for people who love movies. All others must be warned. <br /> <br /> Look for NIGHT OF OPENING, if you have never seen it. Everything about it is excellent, and this is one of the best Cassawett films.
