*** of **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dressed to kill is such a movie. It's like in California, but in a different way. Remember? This 1993 film, in which Brad Pitt is filmed as a serial killer, whom “travelers” meet on a trip to California as a friend who can be a good company along the way. When I watch a movie, I always like to know nothing about the plot before watching it, because surprises can get even cooler. So it was with California. When I watched it last year for the first time, I never realized that it was a film with uncertainty, so when I found out, I was shocked, and when the film went on, it got even better, and I was on the verge of my place , almost kissing my monitor, so close I was to him! So, we are discussing Dressed To Kill, right? Before I watched this film (today!), I watched only 2 other Brian De Palma films, so I can say that I don’t know his works very well, but from a distance I can say that these 2 films were so much for me as far as they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission Impossible (1996). When I watched Kerry on TV, I really desperately wanted to get a copy on DVD, and I can say: this film is great! Mission Impossible. And today I watched the third film from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like California. When the film continues, it is completely different from what you expect. I was very curious about the scene of the museum, where Dickinson follows a mysterious man to his taxi, and they end up in an apartment room. You can guess what could have happened there. But when the film reached the elevator scene, the film went a completely different way. I watched the rest of the movie, and I really liked it. However, there are some drawbacks ... Some characters in the film are completely silent! Take, for example, a mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hoped that he could say something, but he never said! It was completely ridiculous and undoubtedly made me change my mind without accepting this film, at least almost as a masterpiece. Even in the scene from the cabin, where Dickinson is trying to apologize for what happened in the museum, a completely silent man grabs her, pulls her into the cabin, and they start kissing each other. You know, it reminded me of the 70s Mexican series "El Chavo Del 8", where some characters are completely silent. After going through these low points of the film, this is actually a great movie, given the uncertainty, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as detective Marino! He reminded me of him as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in the film Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same character. <br /> <br /> Completing this review, the final of Dressed To Kill is the same as in Carrie! I don't know if I liked it because I hate imitation! I understand that Carrie is a film from DePalma, so in fact it is not an imitation, because in the end it was his idea! But in Dressed To Kill, this turned out to be a recurring idea, so DePalma could have done something different, instead of showing Nancy Allen, waking up from a bad dream, just like Amy Irving did in Carrie’s final scene. Of course, this was another low point. But if you go through this, you will find that “Dressed To Kill” is a really good movie, and I assure you that this is by no means a waste of time watching it.
