I just finished watching "Dressed in Murder," which was written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had a version with an “R” rating and a version without a rating. I chose the unrated version. Since I still have to look at the rating of the “R” version, I can’t be completely sure of the difference. core porn.if this kind of thing might hurt you, I would advise you to look at the version with an "R" rating. But I digress. Any comment here refers to the unrated version. This is a murder mystery film / psychological horror / suspense movie. Very little violence and Blood. However, there is one deadly sequence. The murder itself is quite graphic. However, the blood itself does not look real. This is reminiscent of how a 70s slasher movie will look. I believe that this was done specifically to compensate for the violence of the act itself, in order to give the scene From a budget point of view, a large part of the violence is meant, or rather the likelihood of such. The film is developing very well. As far as I can tell, every scene had a goal that I find very rare compared to many modern films. Anyway, I also thought that acting was good, especially Angie Dickinson. And Michael Caine, in his role, quietly diminishes his role, which works brilliantly in this case. The film also has one big twist, in my opinion, although people may find it predictable. the only complaint (and this is really more observation) that I have is that I thought that the character played by Nancy Allen could have been more specific, especially considering that she had enough time to screen. But I I think that she is good at what they give her. And that doesn't really detract from the quality of the film. The film also has a strong moral, which is even more relevant today. But the film does not. I really liked him. I also really liked the musical score written by Pinot Dinaga, and I felt that it was very similar to the music in the original Psycho. To me, this music really improved the quality of the film. I thought this movie was great. for me Dressed to Kill (1980) 10/10
