May contain minor spoilers. <br /> <br /> Dressed in Kill, who just saw him the other day for the first time, is a film with stunning episodes, decent performances and a pleasant, albeit apparent Hitchcock robbery, plot twist at the end. It's just too bad, some things, quite obviously, prevent him from being a classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill deals with a killer mystery who killed at least two women (maybe it was more, but the film never tells us), and the search for the killer by three people: a clever child whose mother was a victim, a living prostitute, the only one who can identify the killer, and a psychiatrist, whose patient was the mother of a murdered intelligent child. There are many well-made speeches, including Nancy Allen as a prostitute Liz, Angie Dickenson as the sexually upset victim Kate Miller and Michelle Kane as Dr. Robert Elliott, whose secrecy is more than it seems at first glance; although by no means outstanding. On the other hand, Denis Franz, who later became a great character in the same vein on the popular show NYPD Blue, confuses himself as an overly exaggerated, ruthless, hateful detective, although it takes a bit of time to screen so that it doesn’t hurt. Keith Gordon, a mental child, decent, but almost too smart to be believable. <br /> <br /> What attracts me most in the film is intense episodes. The scene with the mother broken in the museum in the museum is fascinating and well done, as is the subsequent sequence that led to her untimely death. I also love the sequence in the doctor's office, which shows the identity of the killer, which really makes the whole movie come together at once. And there is a split screen scene, which, in my opinion, was almost classic. However, there is another situation where Liz is traveling in a train, running away from what could be a murderer, and taking her in directions that she should never have done, with almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. As a thriller, he is tense and quite often believable. Like a crime drama, she often hesitates, especially with an incomplete, absurd explanation of everything that happened at the end. In the end there is also an unnecessary and too long sequence of dreams in which they had the courage to shoot at someone's leg for what seemed to be minutes at a time. It was the rise and fall of experience; one scene caught my heart and mind with temptation, and the other made me squirm and ask why. Over 100 minutes it could be less than 90 and was the best movie. <br /> <br /> Scary movie fans should like this This is still a better movie than most modern films. Maybe at the time it was the best film, but after seeing it recently, I can say that I like it, and it is worth watching only three of my favorite scenes.
