Dressed in Kill begins with the fact that Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) had a sexually explicit nightmare, later that day she visits her psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Kane) for a session in which she admits that she was sexually upset and not fulfilled her current marriage. Then Kate visits the museum and takes a stranger, they return to his apartment for casual sex when Kate is about to leave, but is attacked and kills the building in the elevator with a razor blade wielding blonde. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers a terrible scene and sees the murderer, but she manages to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says that she suspects Liz of murder, because there are no other witnesses, so Liz teams up with her son Kate Peter (Keith Gordon) to track down the real killer, find out the name of Liz and see that justice is achieved ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian De Palma. I thought Dressed to Kill was a good mystery of psychological killing. The script is measured and sometimes slow, but he likes to focus on the character so you really know him, all the first twenty minutes just develop Kate as a character before she is suddenly killed, then the film switches its attention to Liz and no one else looks. Thus, "Dressed in murder" is quite fascinating and attractive, unfortunately, the characters themselves are not exactly pretty. At times I found some of the conversations quite amusing, especially the dirty talk that Liz occasionally made. The killer's motives are somewhat plausible, but I believe that you should be confused to do anything suggested in the book "Dressed in Murder." This is a good film, but it didn’t really bother me, and I didn’t find a single character I liked. The film tells about the unnecessary and unnecessary turn, in which I did not see the point. <br /> <br /> Director De Palma with style and visual style directs from an art museum to a car chase and so on. in general, it is flawlessly filmed everywhere. I believe that in every frame of the movie "Dressed for Murder" there were a lot of thoughts. I felt that the film was a bit flat and boring at times, but nothing in it really bothered me so much. There are a lot of naked people, some sex and rape, as well as some blood and violence. Kate's killing with a razor blade in the elevator is the highlight if it is the right word. However, this is by no means so shocking or controversial, if you look today, as many might believe. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about US $ 6,500,000, Dressed to Kill has such a glossy effect as a Hollywood movie. New York institutions are good, the cinema is good, and in general it is very well made. I thought the music was out of place and too loud and intrusive. Acting is fine, but despite his best scores, I did not think that Kane had so much time on the screen. Allen was married to director De Palma at the time the book “Dressed to Murder” was made, which is interesting from the four films in which she starred by De Palma, in two of them, in this and Blow Out (1981), he played her a prostitute. The body double was used for Dickinson when she initially rejoiced at the soul. <br /> <br /> Dressed in Kill is a good thriller that is worth seeing, but I don’t think it is fully justified. This is a high reputation. Good, but not brilliant.
