It is understandable that "Dressed in Murder" when it was first released in 1980, caused displeasure: you had a "Police Girl" in the role of mega-erotica, because Angie Dixons played a sexually frustrated housewife who was looking for good times in all the wrong museums (and there, in the apartment elevators), plus Nancy Allen as the call girl, Michael Caine as the tempted New York cousin Norman Bates and enough grim images for the last two films of the period. Today it is a little less compromising by standards and the like, although the unedited version contains the hottest content of any of De Palma’s films, at least during the period of its 70s and early 80s quasiao-author, where he seemed to repeat themes over and over again, ideas taken immediately from the Hitchcock classic film and received a tasteless rise. This is a simple story that has already been seen partly in the Sisters, and then again to some extent in Body Double, as well as in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays the call girl Liz Blake, who is supposed to clear her name on suspicion of killing Kate (Dickinson, in a fully excited MILF mode) after she was found using a razor, murder weapon from the office of Dr. Elliott (Michael Kane) cold performance in most cases). <br /> <br /> From the very beginning, as it seems, De Palma creates a dangerous scene of sexual fantasy and heads the first scene of Carrie. (which, perhaps, he does only in terms of editing), we get a series of technical knockout turns from the point of view of the style itself: tracking the staff in the museum, designed to cause more enthusiasm for the process itself to follow and desire to follow than any tension; The chase through the subway (the predecessor of Carlito's Way) is carried out with an exact level of uncertainty, at the same time, with a small gang of exploitation added by a black gang; the character of Peter, the son of Keith (Keith Gordon), who as a child plays what is essentially the younger version of De Palma’s real life (a science fan obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And all this is damn exciting and exciting, like something that comes close to a real synthesis of what makes De Palma's thrillers so unique, while at the same time being so self-consciously untarnished by a fearless attitude of filmmaking. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the same self-consciousness ended up in the last years he returned to the director several times, and somehow in “Dressed in Murder” he starts to become very erratic and frustrating, because the story must end. Because the Psycho themes are even more obvious (the person who wants to change sex doesn’t even think that he is killing, because it is * she * who does this), there is an exemplary scene in the police station that makes the aforementioned movie hitch look like an amazing psychological revelation. And the last scenes in Peter's house, also painfully evocative of a much more perfect episode in Carrie, are meant to manipulate, which even for De Palma requires; last shot especially though master class on how to copy yourself. And yet in this psychiatric hospital there is a very abnormal and within itself an ideal scene in a psychiatric hospital, where the doctor performs some work with a nurse, with whom all other prisoners behave like animals in a zoo and overhead. frame up and up the stage is one of the best shots of sexual / total perversion ever filmed in a movie. <br /> <br /> It is a shame that the film ends in such a strange and disturbing way, where then it is a wonderful example of cellulose cinema, in which everything is cool in technical aspects (soft lighting, intricate camera movements that seem so simple) against the background of which can be found in the binding for 25 cents. This is not a masterpiece, but I would gladly transfer it to most of the director’s recent thrillers.
