This is a taut and tense masterpiece from Brian De Palma with amazing performances from all sides! This is extremely tense, and often scary, and the score is fantastic, plus all the characters were amazing. Yes, Psycho strongly disrupts it, but still it is a magnificently made horror / thriller, with a fantastic discovery and a shocking and unpredictable ending! This is undoubtedly one of the best horror / thrillers I've ever seen, and the elevator scene is one of the most memorable scenes in history, plus Michael Caine is just amazing in that! The ending is great, and the scene in the hospital near the end is absolutely terrible, plus a turn at the end shook me to hell! It never scared me, and the stalk sequences are great, plus Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon had fantastic chemistry together! This is a taut, tense masterpiece from Brian De Palma, with amazing performances around! The direction is incredible! Brian De Palma does an incredible job here: amazing camera work, incredible viewing angles, fantastic use of colors, amazing increase and decrease in great POV frames, and maintaining the film at a very, very fast pace! There is some blood there. We receive bloody knife wounds, knife wounds, bloody gunshot wounds and 2 bloody slit pharynx. The game is awesome! Michael Caine is AMAZING here, he's awesome in the acting department, creepy, very cute, mysterious, and really, just did an amazing job in general, I loved him! (Rules of Kane!). Angie Dickinson gives an unforgettable performance here, she was pretty pretty and communicated well with Kane. Nancy Allen is amazingly gorgeous! And here she is fantastic, she is very cute as a prostitute, had excellent chemistry with Keith Gordon and had an amazing show! Keith Gordon is very good in his childhood, he had excellent chemistry with Nancy Allen, and he was very pleasant! Dennis Franz is good as a detective. Overall, this is definitely one of the best horror films ever made, and I say, quit your job immediately and see! ***** out of 5
