In France, it is believed that French critics consider it polite to bow to the clearly coherent chain of films left behind by Brian De Palma. However, much of his films are clouded by the pompous effects of “Carrie” (1976), “Rage” (1978) “Scarface” (1983) without mentioning his borrowings from Hitchcock. Here, in Dressed to Kill, it’s impossible not to think about Dizziness (1958) for a long sequence in a museum, while the key point in an elevator inevitably makes you think about the sequence of the shower anthology in Psycho (1960). About our film, I do not want to revive the old debate: de Palma is tearing off Hitchcock? Instead, I tend to be generous and classify "Dressed to Kill" in the category of De Palma winners along with "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). However, with some reservations, and these are the ones I previously listed that incite rabies between De Palma's rabid fans and his detractors. <br /> <br /> If there is one thing in “Dressed to Kill” that can cause general agreement among cinema lovers, this is De Palma's virtuosity in directing. He owns his camera in the same way as an expert in cinematography. His sophisticated cinematographic work superbly fuels the tension, which entails a rise in tension and an uncomfortable aura. The audience is easily glued in front of the screen. This is facilitated by the use of several long silent sequences, during which everything depends on the appearance and gestures. By the way, “Psycho” also had long, silent and disturbing episodes ... <br /> <br /> But the main drawback of the 1980 De Palma vintage is that the quality of the plot cannot be found without necessity and it seems that weaving many formal, banal components related to an incalculable number of murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness to the crime. Then she is suspected by the police and is forced to act independently (with a little help from the victim's son from the stage on the subway and beyond) to find the killer and prove his innocence. In addition to the fact that De Palma uses a type of character that this time does not demean, this menu that smells warmed up. And the director finishes his film with a sequence that echoes the first one. Yes, it is beautifully filmed, but when someone discovers its real function, he thinks: "this is almost free filler." Perhaps De Palma wanted to stretch his film in an hour and a half, when at that time the viewer knows (and even earlier) who the killer is. <br /> <br /> The two central sources in the De Palma theme set are clearly articulated. depends on manipulation and voyeurism. The last theme is well-featured in Dressed to Kill with the first episode of the year, which makes the movie almost look like a soft porn movie. And the director is not afraid to shoot his main actress and wife Nancy Allen in lingerie. I find his approach to this topic rather dubious. But perhaps the first sequence was conceived as a mirror to the viewer, and De Palma wanted to thwart his gaze. <br /> <br /> I do not want to humiliate the work of De Palma. His prestigious work in directing, which entails a communicative attitude to the film, redeems the global weakness of the story and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy he caused among movie lovers is not ready to subside.
