Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has marriage problems, and otherwise is enough to consult a psychologist. When her licentiousness puts her in trouble, she also includes a witness, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who is keen on investigating to find out the identity of the psycho-killer. <br /> <br /> Dressed in Kill - this is somewhat important historically. This is one of the earliest examples of modern style thriller, which at the time of this writing has extensions up to Hide and Seek (2005). Strange that director Brian De Palma basically tried to spell Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally removes portions of vertigo (1958) for the film Dressed in the Infamous Museum Scene. Dressed in Kill's shower scenes, as well as his villain and method of death are similar to Psycho (1960). De Palma also uses an outstanding score with recurring motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer, Bernard Herrmann. The similarities do not end there. <br /> <br /> But de Palme, accidentally or skillfully, manages to make an oblique turn or perhaps transcend his influence, while “Dressed in Murder” has an attitude, structure and flow that was influential. Perhaps partly due to this influence, Dressed to Kill also has serious disadvantages when viewed at a given point in time. Countless subsequent directors took on their Hitchcock-like De Palma and honed it, improving almost every element, so now, after 25 years of thriller influence, most of the movie "Dressed in Murder" looks painfully tempo, clumsy in structure and inept. <br /> <br /> One aspect of the film, which, unfortunately, has not been improved, is “Dressed in scenes of sex and nudes”. Both Dickinson and Allen address us to full frontal nudity (Allen has a very distorted angle), and De Palma has long shots of Dickinson's breasts, intensely implicit masturbation and more intuitive sex scenes than can be found in modern films. Quite a few scenes fit soft core porn. I'm not a fan of rudeness - quite the opposite. The puritan, monogamous, protected attitude of our culture towards sex and nudity worries me. So, from my point of view, it is regrettable that the “Dressed in Murder” emphasis on the flesh and its pleasures is one of the few aspects in which others did not really follow the example or excel the film. Perhaps this was desirable, but they were not allowed to follow their example due to cultural control from conservative soft shirts. <br /> <br /> The direction of De Palma’s cinematography and the production of some scenes are also good enough. It’s hard to do something in the same style better than De Palma does. He has a strange, characteristic approach to close-ups, and he likes to shoot from interesting angles, such as a top view and tracking James Keith through distant cuts in the set. Of course, later the directors were brighter, but it's hard to say that they were better. At least, if you look at cinematic prowess, the museum scene is remarkable for its ability to create a very subtle tension over a lowered glove and one or two views, following Kate through the intricate nested cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. <Br /> <br /> On the other hand, in terms of caring for history, and especially if you expect to see a thriller, everything is on the museum scene and a little further may seem too slow and stupid. Due to his removal from the main genre of the film and his main concern with the director's scope (as well as cultural facts external to the film), the discovery does not seem to be a very well integrated attempt to invent and be risky. As soon as the first murder occurs, everything improves, but due to the possible influence of the film, most of the improvements now seem a bit ordinary and sometimes abnormal. <br /> <br /> The performances are mostly good, although Michael Caine is underutilized, and Dickinson should be out sooner than we would like (but a way out is necessary and very effective). Dressed to kill, at least, probably will keep your interest to the end, but due to the facts not contained in the picture itself, it is definitely not old. At the moment, it is perhaps best to watch the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even for that era - some of De Palma’s directorial talent.
