I just finished watching “The Groove Tube”, which I first saw about 23 years ago when I was a teenager, when I went to bed and watched HBO with my brother and his best friend. We also watched Animal House shortly before, so we saw two films in which an SNL graduate starred, and they had naked breasts. It's good that our parents slept all the time! Anyway, there were many strange and funny things in this film that opened eyes, such as the commercial “Brown 25” in the commercial for Uranus Industries (“with the taste of beef stew,” says the announcer, because what appears to be human excrement comes from a white tube. Fu!) or a puppet face talking about VD (scrotum with a small penis with glued eyes). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their debut here. Chase is hilarious, whether it’s playing the role of Geritana with an undressing woman, having sex in his hands in an advertisement for "Let Fingers Do It" or singing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-writer / director Ken Shapiro, who bangs his hands on the head. Belzer plays with Shapiro in the film “Dealers” and in “Evening News on Channel One” with one wild piece in which Belzer plays a black prostitute, trying to trick reporter Ken, who plays Lionel here. “Lionel, it sounds like a train I'm going to ride like Chu-Chu!” Other outrageous episodes include Koko's Show with Shihiro as a clown show, who, after “people over ten,” was ordered to leave hall, reads the requests of its audience, as excerpts from the "Fanny Hill"! Or how about the Olympic segment with a German couple making love, announced by two men (one of them is Spaniard), when they become obvious, while “Please Stand By” continues to be interrupted on the screen! Or the animated episode "Dealers", which depicts dancing toilets after Shapiro swallowed marijuana! Not so dirty. In addition to the Four Leaf Clover skit, there is a very funny musical segment with Ken who lip-syncs his own recording of Just You, Just Me, dancing with a costume and briefcase around the city, sometimes with a policeman (the writer Lane joins Sarason. So summing up, this is one weird, funny movie that seems to have influenced others, such as films (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and possibly Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy the first star of this show) and, despite on some dated items, can still be entertaining today. Postscript At that time As I liked to hear Curtis Mayfield's “Move On Up” during the beginning of the gorilla, when he danced / hitchhiked, I was wondering what the essence of the hitchhiker sequence was and the woman who picked it up, forcing them to run out of the car, stripping to run, and then forcing a naked man to catch a policeman who stopped on the road. I suppose this is one of those 70s that pierced ...
