You know what they say about the 70s ... if you remember them, you were not there. One of the few things that I remember about the 70s was the very first social satire of hippies and hip, when viewed from the perspective of an “underground” or countercultural perspective. The Groove Tube. If humor now seems to some viewers to be faded or reckless, then this may be only because a lot has happened in the last 30 years, and the comedy is no longer “fresh” ... but hey! When this movie came out, he was the first ... and some of these parodies were made for the very first time ... while Nixon was at his post, the Vietnam War was raging, the sexual revolution was in full swing. And Edgar Hoover is still in charge of the FBI. This is a film made before Watergate broke, and so he was one of the first to make a big blow to the institution ... to laugh at him and the hippies at the same time. And frankly, some parodies are still ridiculously funny. If you liked Chick and Chong's "Up In Smoke" movie ... you will love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to find out what the 1970s really were ... check out Groove Tube ... if you liked the Network, which received an Oscar about the same year and thought, that in her wild form on TV, she was at the height, you dig up Groove Tube ... which picks up the topic, but plays from the point of view of the audience ... young viewers who turned off the TV in favor of other entertainment .... We were brought up by Ozzy and Harriet "Leave this to Beaver", Father knows best, my three sons ... Happy days ... so imagine our exultation when those of us who experimented with the new way of life, we saw what the box looked like from our point of view! The commercials of Uranus Corporation alone are priceless ... "Good things come from Uranus" .... and the sudden break from a direct movie in Fritz Kota-style animation, when hippies eat grass, is still one of the best segments in and out common sense I've ever seen in a movie. <br /> <br /> If you liked Kentucky Fried, you will love this movie. And if you ever wondered why your strange uncle Harold still gets an evil glint in his eyes, remembering his college days ... it would be the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Take it for what it is. ... a memory of time ... and a small, cheeky film that will help all of us who have forgotten the 70s to remember them again.
