“Once upon a time there was a charming land called France ... People then lived happily. Women were easy, and men indulged in their favorite activity: war, the only entertainment of kings that people could enjoy. ” This war was the Seven Years War, and when it was noticed that there were more soldiers' corpses than soldiers, recruiters were sent to join the ranks. <br /> <br /> And so it happened that Fanfan (Gerard Philip), caught by the farmer’s falling daughter in a pile of hay, avoids marriage by joining the regiment d'Avitan ... but first believing in his future as the Roma predicted, that he would gain fame and fortune in the form of His Majesty and marry the king's daughter. Alas, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy, but the daughter of a recruiting sergeant regiment. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan leaves the recruits, the saber in his hands is saved by the crew under attack, which must be inside, except for the Marquise du Pompadour and ... the king's daughter. He is now convinced that he will marry high, despite the fact that Adeline is wearing blouses with a very low neckline. She, in turn, will soon discover her love for Fanfan. We are in the epicenter of a disrespectful film about the fate of Fanfan, about the cruel adventures of a fraudster fighting a sword, and a fraudster. There are hanging shoots, sword fights on tiled roofs, rough battles, romantic shoots and even more joyful play than you can imagine. What Fanfan lacks in lacquer he compensates for with irreverence and enthusiasm. He is a fast-paced swordsman and a fast-talking lover, but with such a naive faith in his fate and such an optimistic character, how can we not love him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philippe was a cult stage and screen actor (whom Francois Truffaut constantly insulted in the pages of Cahiers du Cinema). He did most of his tricks. He was handsome, athletic, graceful and charismatic. Men admired him, and women dreamed of him. He died at the age of 36, seven years after Fanfan, from liver cancer. All France mourned. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline keeps her. This is not those tight blouses that make her acting. She is sharp, passionate, not entirely innocent and not a fool. <br /> <br /> Fanfan la Tulipe simply sings along with endless satirical acts, pointy situations and a kind character. Not to mention the fun, hard communication. After Adeline took steps to save Fanfan from hanging, she meets the king in his private room. “Give me your cute little hand,” he says. “But my heart belongs to Fanfan,” says Adeline. "Who asks for your heart?" says the king: "All I ask for is a little pleasure." "I'm a real girl," says Adeline. The king says: “You owe my respect to your merits. Do you love fanfan? Then thank me. My whims allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, betraying for his sake the loyalty that you swore to him. ” Now this is smart, funny stuff. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the other members of the New Wave gang tend to hate popular films as mere entertainment (and they personalized their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and its director, Christian-Jacques, were among their main objectives. They probably missed the point of Fanfan, a very funny satire about the senselessness of armies and wars. How much better, it seemed, should be to make films about fear, which only cinema colleagues could appreciate. Thank God, some of them, such as Truffaut and Chabrol, have outgrown this childish indulgence and concluded that a good movie is a good movie, whether the masses like it or just knowledge. A clever person who loves films can appreciate anyone if the films are well made. Those who condescend to a movie based on its popularity are as humiliating as those who boast that they never read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart. Viva Fanfan!
