This is the last of four scammers from France that I planned to watch this Christmas season: the rest (in order of viewing) were boring THE BLACK TULIP (1964; from the same director as this one, but not so good), surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979; originated as Japanese manga!) And the magnificent CARTOUCHE (1962). In fact, I watched this film not so long ago on Italian television late at night, and I remember that it was not particularly shocking for me, so I was genuinely surprised at how much I liked it this time (also considering the bewilderment of the enthusiasm shown by the film here and elsewhere, when it was first announced as the upcoming DVD release from Criterion). <br /> <br /> By the way, FANFAN LA TULIPE has a lot in common with the aforementioned CARTOUCHE: not only the cast and crew members (producers Georges Dunkiers and Alexander Mnoouchkin, cinematographer Christian Mattress, actor Noel Roquevert), but also on the plot? ? in fact, the hero is a soldier-womanizer (Cartwheel Jean-Paul Belmondo also had a short military spell), which the fiery girl loves (in this case, Gypsy Gina Lollobrigida), while he himself is obsessed with impossible love (here it is not other than the king's daughter)! As in the later film, Fanfan (ideally played by Gerard Philippe, who, ironically, is so full of life here that it’s hard to believe that he will be affected by cancer for 7 years) is surrounded by two funny but cowardly people (one of they are in fact his senior officer and heroine’s own father, and he is confronted by an unfair figure in his own ranks (an aging Roquevert, with whom the hero eventually fights on the roof, as he also has love patterns on a gypsy)! ; note, Lollobrigida will again join Philip in her next film, Rene Cler's delightful romantic fantasy LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FANFAN turned out to be a big box office hit in its homeland and even received an amazing (but well-deserved) award for best director in Cannes for such famous films as AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity was provided by its re-release in the computer version (presumably for viewers who will not touch the black-and-white product with a ten-foot pole), and the Criterion disc itself contains a sample of this option; Obviously, this name is in a foreign language, but there is also a dubious choice of soundtrack with duplication in English, but despite the fact that it was not particularly painful, considering that when everything is said and done, there is simply no substitute for the original replacement! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (the nickname given to the hero of the young Genevieve Page as the famous Madame Pompadour) contains as many comedies as the (expected) action and romance; while some may find it overwhelming, I disagree with myself, as I enjoyed a sharply satirical narration, and, in general, this combination is comparable to the equally funny adventure of Jerzy Skolimov's "ADVENTURE GERARD" (1970). Nevertheless, the sword fights are extremely strong for a carefree enterprise (especially the fighting in the woods and the ambush in the monastery), and the film itself is sometimes quite adult (with numerous hints of sexuality and rude expressions, accepted everywhere). if you look back to back with an old Hollywood fare, as I did now; The climax, then rather ingenious: the enemy forces (which, funny, make you speak in an accelerated gibberish!) Are exhausted only by our heroic trio, much to the amazement of the king, who, as Marcel Herrand portrayed ?? best known for his role as the leader of the Parisian underworld in The Children of Paradise by Marcel Carne (1945) ?? he himself is something of debauchery. <br /> <br /> P.S. The Italian TV channel has been threatening to show the promising album CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES Christian-Jacques (1964) for several months, but despite the fact that he has already programmed it three times (the fourth is scheduled for the next week), they have not shown it yet; despite this, I have three more of his films in my untapped VHS bundle (equally filmed from Italian nightly television shows): the three-hour epic film “LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME” (1948; also starring Gerard Philippe), “The Second Twin” (1967) and The Legend of the French King (1971; with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia the Cardinal).
