One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this, unlike many others, has nothing to do with nature, horses, gunfights, etc. But, instead, it deals with one rifle, the Winchester 73 years old, and how this one rifle affects others and how they affect this. A rifle is not a living, breathing person, right? You may be inclined to believe that it is not. But he seems to have his own mind for two very similar reasons: in the end, he returns to his rightful owner, although in the rest of the picture his imprudent "owners" do their best to make sure of it. no, and it seems he will never be satisfied until he returns to his original owner, so, by coincidence, the incredulous "owners" always seem to lose him or kill him, trying to protect him and keep him until he returns to James Stewart means this is “content.” But not every one of the owners deserves it. Stewart does, of course, since he won it. McNally's not, for he had to be a dirty thief and steal him. Drake definitely doesn’t, because he probably would have lost him at some poker game, and besides, Drake is too cowardly to fight, so why should he have a unique rifle if he doesn’t even use it ? Duria does not do this, because he is just a chuckle maniac, and we all know that chuckle maniacs do not deserve weapons. This film has a kind of noir that only westerns can have, such as the incident with the bull. Westerns have their own type of noir, very different from the films of the 30s and 40s of Bogart. In fact, this is the best of all five westerns of Stuart-Mann, although my personal favorite is “The Bend of the River”. The remaining four are very different from this. I do not think it is a coincidence to see that the other four were colored, and that it was black and white. This is because of the noir edge. All five films had a rematch and a dark past, played by the role of Stuart in the film, to such an extent that it is not only the dark side of Stuart, but also a kind of character, not one that will be shown in the credits, but one that you can only find out and know that it is always present. Nevertheless, this, not only from revenge and dark past, but also from the point of view of the highest danger, and the characters, who were very different from Stewart, make him surpass the other four in all aspects. But Stuart never crosses the line. He, however, passes the line between light and darkness. That is why black and white played such an integral role in the film. They could all be black and white, or they could be colored. But this one is in black and white, and the other four are in color, and there is a very good reason for this.
