The majestic figures of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, as well as the ghosts of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull hang over the extremely interesting first western director Anthony Mann with James Stewart. Although Stewart's desire to avenge the murder of his father is the main story, Winchester 73 years old is a truly ensemble piece with the one-thousand-one firearm passing through the hands of many bright owners, including a flashy trader (John McIntyre). especially great) outlawed Dana Dourier, who is even more contemptible than usual. The mixture of fiction and history creates a light speed and ambivalent tone, brilliantly combined with stripped down, compositionally strict Mann filmmaking. His themes of psychological unrest and the past, which dictates the present, weakly underlie this lofty story of good and bad people chasing legendary weapons, but they appear sharply in the vignette about her husband’s cowardice and failed attempt at redemption, and are identified in Stuart’s conversations with Millard Mitchell. Mann's use of the environment is what sets it apart from other Western filmmakers. Instead of looking at perspectives from afar, he incorporates them into drama as characters who redirect, complicate or evoke the goals of human characters. Just as the mountains, caves and rapids were to be counted in Naked Spur, there is an exchange of fire among loose stones and boulders of a small mountain, a physical obstacle that fatally determines the roles of the winner and the victim between two equally experienced snipers. (I would have missed if I didn’t recognize the contribution of cinematographer William H. Daniels, especially his superb daytime night, open-air photography.) Not just an outdoor adept, Mann presents an equally vivid picture of the patrolled Wyatt Earp Dodge City, mainly through large-scale multi-staged. Shooting competition does not depend on sharp camera shifts or sharp cuts for the effect, because Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to display the greatest information density in a given frame. He also does not want to present the plot in a dialogue, relying on the eyes of the actors or a well-chosen image to convey the stakes. One scene, in particular, serves to explain his position: the Mitchell story about Stewart's motivation to Shelly Winters, which was interrupted due to a climate shootout, which soon enough reveals everything. Light, not feeling unimportant, intense, not being overbearing, Winchester 73 seems more modern than its contemporaries, and a joy to contemplate.
