A new creative team appeared in 1950 when brilliant actor James Stewart teamed up with the same brilliant director Anthony Mann to create a series of westerns that helped define this genre for the future. Until that time, Stewart was mainly known for his stunning approach to family-oriented comedies, dramas and novels. Not that he was no longer a talented Hollywood star. One of his best screen performances and one of the best for celluloid was in the role of Macaulay "Mike" Connor, the sarcastic author of the scandalous rag in "The Philadelphia Story". He even made westerns before. His depiction of Tim Jefferson's timid, yet experienced snapshot of Destri Jr. in the western comedy “Destry Rides Again” helped make this film a classic. But for most movie buffs, he was an All-American type of scout, Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Rarely was the dark side of any character he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with B-clicks in noir mode. Crude Deal, Lane and T-Men caught the eye of James Stewart. Thus, two gifted people have combined their resources to create some of the greatest Hollywood westerns ever created. Winchester '73 and Man of Laramie were the best, but the rest were almost as effective. As a result, Mann became a successful director of films "A" and became the director of what some critics consider the greatest Westerner of all "Gary Cooper" "Man of the West." Stewart became incredibly wealthy as a result of the partnership, because he signed part of the fee in exchange for part of the salary he usually paid, a wise move, followed by many other actors. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first to tell a story in terms of traveling weapons. Each owner is part of the story told, and it all comes together in an exciting battle at the end of the film, which also surprises the viewer. Based on the story of Stuart Lake, the story focuses on Winchester's revenge and revenge '73. 1876 Custer and his 7th cavalry were destroyed by the Sioux and Cheyenne in Little Big Horn. Whites want revenge. Native Americans want their land back and their way of life. This conflict leads to a confrontation between Native Americans led by Young Bull (young Rock Hudson, who demonstrates his potential as an actor) and a small cavalry group sandwiched in a canyon and joined by civilians Lyn McAdam (Stewart), his partner and a lifelong friend High Spade (underrated actor Millard Mitchell) and a couple trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dirty dove with a good heart. Among the horsemen there are new recruits Tony Curtis and James Best (deceased from the Dukes of Hazzard), whose parts are cut off by a bullet. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. has him as chief marshal. The lovely actor Will Gere (later from Walton) looks like an elderly Eared. In fact, Wyatt was an assistant marshal in Dodge at the time he just cut himself as a lawyer. Lyn McAdam wins Winchester in shooting competitions, but soon after that he took the Dutchman Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his minions out of him. MacAdam and High Spade hunt for the Dutchman Henry and Winchester to the end of the film. Along the way, an even more sinister character appears, Wako Johnny Dean, whom Den Durya personifies in an evil way, who threatens to steal the show from other members of the star cast. <br /> <br /> Winchester passes through several hands during the film each time the transfer is intense. One of them is associated with a gun, which John McIntyre brought to perfection. Other exchanges are mixed with the above scenario. All this plus action keeps the viewer glued to the chair throughout the entire show. <br /> <br /> As noted above, the cast is primarily reduced to the smallest role. Look for other familiar faces in uncredited places, including the future of Sheriff Bonanza Ray Thiel and B Western reliable Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
