In 1942, the film "Tales of Manhattan" told many stories that were mostly not related, but related to the costume of men's evening wear. Each story began when the "tails" were transferred from one owner (for example, Charles Boyer) to another (Caesar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, an excellent film and great western, has a similar plot twist. Initially, it’s about how Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) McMahon for some kind of deadly discontent. But in the course of the film, two men participate in shooting competitions, the prize (awarded by Marshal Wyatt Earp - Will Jir) is one of Winchester's new rifles. Stewart barely knocks out McMahon, but Stewart has his weapons stolen, and the chase continues. <br /> <br /> Weapons are passed from hand to hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant trader who doesn’t know when to stop being arrogant), Rock Hudson (in an amazing role - and a brief one) Charles Drake, Dan Foolishness (how delightfully deadly and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean), McMahon. In the end, he returns to Stuart. <br /> <br /> Directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide range of experience. Duryea gets a rifle literally through Drake's dead body (Duryea forcing the problem). But he loses it to McMahon, who is faster for a draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for a rifle. When he and Shelley Winter look at McMahon from a distance, Winter (who watched Dury kill her former friend Drake) momentarily casts off his disgust for the action movie to ask why he put up with the mockery of McMahon for the gun. Philosophically Dury explains that it can wait. Some opportunity will appear later (that is, when he can safely kill McMahon and return the rifle). <br /> <br /> Characters are wonderful people. Winters first appears as Drake's future bride, but she sees in him a really big negative side - an unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this error, and it helps to lead to its destruction. Other characters have realistic features, such as J.S. Flippen as an army sergeant who fights with an Indian attack with Steward and his friend Millard Mitchell. Oh yeah, and with the same soldier Flippen - Tony Curtis. Flippen leads one to believe that this soldier has already been on a hundred battlefields, possibly since 1861. The steward showed emotions in other films. In The Wonderful Life, he occasionally showed anger, as well as a nervous breakdown, when he thought that everything was wrong with his life. But here he demonstrated a demonic rage - at the expense of the surprised Durya (who usually would himself have demonstrated such anger). <br /> <br /> Parts of this film are very carefully combined with each other under Mann’s competent hands. This is one western that never wears out, as viewers watch the travels of the Winchester rifle.
