The bows of an adult western that flourished in the 1950s try to trace its origins to the film that caused the syndrome. Of course, we can return to Howard Hawks’s Red River (1948) or even further to John Ford’s “My dear Clementine” (1946), but if we want to stick to this one decade, it must be one of several movies. made in the initial year of that era. One of them is “Shooter”, a gracefully dark story about the famous shooter (Ringo), who appeared before his last exchange of fire. Another of the same year is Winchester 73, and it is worth noting that Millard Mitchell looks like a gloomy, mustached, very realistic rider. In Strelka, he is a city marshal who was supposed to arrest Ringo, but once went with him in a criminal gang. In Winchester, he is the companion of Jimmy Stewart, a kind of Horatio Hamlet Stewart in this epic / tragic story. The plot is quite simple: Stewart's lonely cow wins a wonderful Winchester in shooting, defeating the meanest man in the west (Stephen McNally), who is actually his own brother and caused their father to die. When a brother steals a weapon, Stewart and Mitchell follow him to a cowboy odyssey that takes them all across the border, meeting both criminals and Indians. (In one wonderful episode, the two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - play the Indian chief and the American cavalry soldier - during a well-organized decisive battle. Dan Durya steals the whole show like a giggling criminal leader, while Shelly Winters, shortly before she started to gain weight, everything is fine with a dark woman who connects all the plots.Today, filmmakers lasted about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does it extremely a lot of time without losing a minute. Western legends like Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (amazingly played by Will Djir) appear for a short time, complementing historicity and epic nature. The final battle between good and bad brothers is high on top of the row rocky canyons, now legendary among western lovers, it’s also worth mentioning that Stewart, no matter how big his connection to western films, does what is really his first role as a western lead man - yes, he was in " D e. stry Rides Again eleven years ago, but was played in this comedic deception, because it looked WRONG for westerns!
