Traditional Western is synonymous with wide open spaces, a clear moral, inevitable plot lines, optimistic belief in the hero's ability to shape his own destiny in order to avoid his past. These qualities directly reflect the American self-awareness, the self-reforming Dream, the expansion of borders and borders, therefore, opportunist politicians are still mentioned in the genre. With some noble exceptions (for example, Wellman, Hawks), Western was healthy from neurosis or real anxiety. Anthony Mann changed all this forever, and this first foray into the genre is one of the most brutal, vibrant, complex, not to mention the exciting westerns ever created. <br /> <br /> Traditional Western depends on the hero, who is an example of gross utility, whatever troubles he may have experienced in the past, a supporter of order and law who dominates the film, eliminates its obstacles, restores the existing harmony; and the obvious villain who, by a twist of fate, often leads a conspiracy, forces the hero to perform certain actions. The distinction between them is often shaped as mythically simple as wearing white or black hats. <br /> <br /> Von Mann was in film noir, the opposite of wide open spaces and optimism. Noir was neurotically charged, focusing on the dissolution of the unstable protagonist, where the morals are blurred, the hero, as often as a villain, locked in the inner labyrinth of his own making, a passive victim of fate. Noir is regression, not progress, interrogation and denial of modes and signs of representation, and not their creation and confirmation. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 is full of noir alarms. Noir is often considered a psychological genre that visualizes head injuries to its main character. 73 also does this, and even more disturbing is that this main character is beautiful, homegrown Jimmy Stewart, who started his magnificent series of complex films with Mann and Hitchcock here. In many ways, good-natured and sweet, presenting himself right and trying to restore the destruction in a natural way, he is also almost crazy, who will stop at nothing to achieve a murderous revenge, whose tireless search reflects Ethan Edwards in The Quest. inhuman perseverance, whose human instincts are destroyed by this quest, and whose outbursts of violence really scare testimony. <br /> <br /> As in the case of noir, his anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike most “healthy” heroes who have outgrown (symbolically killed) their fathers, Macadam’s father was killed before he could complete process; his pursuit of a brother is a less moral revenge than an agonizing protest against slow growth. The climate change is not cathartic: Macadam is returning to a “normal” society, as if he has just witnessed some of the worst horrors in the world. <br /> <br /> What is most disturbing about the film is that it’s not very much about the hero or the villain in general, but about the inanimate piece of nobility that drives the action. 73 opens with a privileged title weapon on display outside a glass window, while its fans are trapped, crushed, undifferentiated, framed, admiring it outside. Throughout the film, human power comes down to the most arbitrary meaning — names change; Lin and the Dutch pantomime shoot each other because they have no weapons; quests lose their moral vitality, and their practitioners are approaching insanity; armies should seek help from strangers in confederation battles; a person becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name; another person reveals himself like a coward when he leaves his bride to the Indians; the gun retains its prestige, power, integrity. <br /> <br /> The film is not driven by a plot of revenge, but by a weapon history; it pulls the film out of ordinary expectations and creates an eerie, alienating, modern feeling. We are so caught up in the plot of revenge that when we follow a weapon, a completely different plot, we feel a bit confused. <br /> <br /> This emphasis on the pistol, a symbol of strong masculinity, actually allows criticism of this masculinity, revealing meaningless intricate rituals at the expense of society and order; gross capitalist greed; suicidal Indian traders who cheat on the seller and the enemy; underpants; psychotic killers; before returning to his “true” owner, the broken hero was completely compromised and became as murderous as the killer he was looking for. The name of its owner will never be printed on the pistol, not only because he does not have a specific owner, but also because he does not have a fixed masculinity, an insightful anathema for the traditional western. <br /> <br /> 73 brilliantly evokes Western myths — Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, Cavalry, Civil War, the wide open West — only to undermine them. Earp has an inflated reputation, and all this name, but never proven - Dodge City is no safer against criminals than anywhere else; The cavalry was clumsy (Custer had just lost the Little Big Horn), and the bitter feud in the war, as shown, does not matter. The myth of the open West is a place for a very closed, inevitable circular conspiracy that captures its characters, refuses to allow them to determine their own destiny, but allows it to shape them. <br /> <br /> Old John Ford riders silhouette on a huge mountain is repeated, but here the signals are not progress, but repetition and roundness. But with all its deconstruction, the film is also noticeably bright, as some westerns never achieve. Mann’s abrupt technique intrudes into his cell in critical positions, alternating the opening distance with intense inspection, making the cabin doors and stagecocks seemingly alive and living in them.
