“Habituation” is an adjective that I have heard many times when I talked about some television shows. More recently, dramas such as The Lost, Heroes and Prison Break deserve this description. However, no matter how convincing they are (and they really are), I can wait a few days before I see the next episode of any episode, even “Prison Break”, which some idly classify as the “new 24”. With all due respect, this can not be, and for good reason: no other silver thriller is based on real-time structure. This is what distinguishes 24 from any other show, and that is why I practically have to watch the whole season (on DVD) for seven days or less: as soon as the damn clock starts ticking, it’s impossible to disconnect. <br /> The episode, which unfolded in one day, was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and, most recently, Deadwood); The entire season of the series lasted 24 hours, one per episode (the actual playing time is 41 minutes, the other 19 are busy advertising when the show is shown on TV), has been the most revolutionary idea in mass television since Hill Street. Blues has introduced a non-linear narrative (mandatory element in our time). And it really paid off. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, the original plan of the series was to make it revolve around the wedding (fortunately, the creators of Joel Surnov and Robert Cochran realized that the format is more suitable for the conspiracy thriller), which is probably and is the reason that the first glimpse of the hero suggests a cheerful atmosphere: Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) plays chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) with pleasure and in a few minutes becomes tender with Teri (Leslie Hope), his wife, with which he just made up. However, as in the Soprano, something unexpected and shocking is not far off: Kim not only slipped out of his room, Jack also received a call and convinced him to start work immediately. At midnight? I'm afraid so: Bower is a CTU agent (Counter Terrorist Unit), and his boss has acquired reliable information about a possible blow to the life of David Palmer (Dennis Heisbert), an African-American presidential candidate, who will be in Los Angeles. Angela for the whole day (oh yes, I almost forgot: the events take place on the day of the presidential election in California). Then there is no time to sleep: Jack must spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore the protocol, and it does not fit well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a slimy man from the Division who was asked to intervene in the operation. <br /> <br /> The plot is very tight, which makes the series difficult to recommend for those with a small amount of attention, but anyone who wants to look will be rewarded instantly: the writing will be clear and precise, attention to details are unsurpassed, and the expectation is consistently high, mainly due to real-time deception, which significantly increases the level of adrenaline. <br /> <br /> Another excellent quality of this pilot project is the characteristic: most genre shows (sci-fi and thrillers), as a rule, simply represent key players, and then we define them later (a textbook example is CSI, where character development is minimal, but again it corresponds to the unique style of the show), while the debut of the series of 24 offers a rich circle of completely rounded people, among which Jack (The best role of Sutherland - ever!) And Palmer (the real opening of the show) stands out so that its beautifully op They look only after one episode (the first is divided into work and family, reckless, but humane, the second is noble and endowed with great honesty). A pair of supporting parts border on a stereotype (especially Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors should be taken into account: a) this is the first episode; b) so much is happening that most viewers will not even complain about one or two flaws. After all, how many network programs manage to start with a conspiracy, a missing teenager And a huge explosion - and still have equally satisfactory material for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
