Of the comments that were here before me, I mostly agree with Edyarb’s comments. The story and the script, apparently, could be funny, but, despite some moments, it did not work in other places. You could see that they wanted to joke, but none of the spectators laughed. (Also agree with Adyarb on end credits: leave it normal or do it cool, but not what they did now.) <br /> <br /> Well, it gives a more negative feeling than what I have was actually watching a movie. I enjoyed it; it was pleasant entertainment at night and it was definitely not a waste of money to get a ticket. The best jokes are those that are a little beyond what was expected and rather mature, such as the character of Matt Luke Wilson asking the super-chick "P * nis or bed?" when she told him that she would "take him new" after a wild night in bed, in the end she would break the bed and leave Matt hurt. <br /> <br /> However, I cannot agree with bgs1614, which says that the film could get an “R” rating - there was absolutely nothing in the film to justify it. Yes, some sexual acts, but nothing obvious, only humorous and no nudity. (Maybe he was on a preview that showed more ...?) I would like to compare this with two recent films that I went to watch without any expectations: Superman Returns and Click. I really did not expect anything from one of them - I was a big fan of the original Superman films, and the trailer for The Click showed it as a potentially chauvinistic (and I would not mind) film. Superman surprised me that I actually feel good (goosebumps!) When I see my first heroic deed, like meeting a long-lost friend and the joy of it. But for the rest of the story, I'd rather watch my Super ex-girlfriend, at least she presents some surprises. The click was again TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer, and about five minutes from a really great movie. Jokes also work much better than in the ex-girlfriend, both in the naughty and more advanced ones. <br /> <br /> In any case, the only reason I compared these three films is because they are the last three, of which I’ve seen in a very short period, and also because that I went to all this without any expectations. I would rate them Click, Girl, Superman.
