On paper, it looked like a great concept: a regular date guy meets a tough book curator of the museum who is a really hot Superhero who regularly saves the world. Nevertheless, director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (from Simpson) miscalculated almost fatally, forcing their hero G-Girl (played by the astounding Uma Thurman) to play the crazy role of both superhero and secret personality Jenny Johnson. The film even copes with this in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after his rescue of the G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny curiously asks Matt what the G-Girl was. Matt replies: "Is she some kind of crazy ??" I think the goal was to make Jenny (Thurman) this lonely young woman who did not isolate anyone in her life with her great physical powers. Thurman tries his best, but her Jenny is a terrible mood swings, badly in need of Prozac. Luke Wilson is too easy in changing the roles of a guy and girlfriend superhero. <br /> <br /> “My super ex-girlfriend” is also a victim of unsuccessful timing, speaking in the wake of “Superman Returns” who plays the superhero straight up, so to speak. With all its quirks and controversial writing, I still thought “My super ex-girlfriend” was funny and enjoyed the movie. Given that this is a film by Ivan Reitman, it could have been much better. Reitman starts with a great package and really spends it. First of all, we all love the hero. Here, neither Jenny nor the G-Girl is actually so pleasant. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, who is usually charismatic and influential. At the beginning of her Jenny / G-Girl is just weird. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play in a superhero, she is Thurman, she looks great. Only by the end of her Jenny becomes prettier, rather than a caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not a direct story of a Superhero, but rather a kind of romantic comedy, it does not provide what is required of every Superhero mythology - the great super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard), who is actually angry and easy. He's not Lex Luthor. There are no plans for global domination. Bedlam, not Barry, was holding a grudge against the G-Girl, and this is expected to be related to their common past. What a strange, you do not know with whom would you prefer to spend time with Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt Luke Wilson - just "some dude" who accidentally got involved with a psycho-superhero. One of the unpleasant things he does is that he trusts his disgusting loser Vaughan (Raine Wilson does not play imitation well). Wilson sometimes plays it too tightly, and it dilutes his attractive charm. This, however, works in the comic sex scene with Jenny. Matt, meeting with Jenny / G-Girl, realizes that he is in love with his colleague Hannah (merry Anna Faris). So how does Matt break up with the G-Girl? Well, this is not beautiful and for the most part ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Drama films about superheroes are working. Romantic comedies with the work of chemistry. What may be difficult in its essence is the Superhero satire disguised as romantic comedies. Everyone loves a hero. However, the hero work? Probably no. Despite all the talents of Uma Thurman, she cannot achieve this convincingly. And she does not get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to relive their narrative mistakes. "My super ex-girlfriend" is fun and fun. Although taking into account all involved, the film could be super.
