It all starts with suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you decide to start at the beginning or at the end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the opportunity to enter your new film, Seven Pounds, depending on what you prefer, when he starts at the end and returns to the beginning, showing us the course of events that led us to this heartbreaking 911 call. This is one powerful movie; maybe it's because I'm soft when it comes to dramas of this kind, dripping from funny moments and full of destructive performances, but in any case the film works best when it really touches me when it lingers behind my head after hours after leaving the theater. And this is from the team that brought us overvalued, juicy, and not all this redemptive pursuit of happiness, so I’ll just say that my expectation was carefully guarded for great disappointment. With all of this, though, I was with Seven pounds from the starting frame all the way until the credits rolled. Even if you understand what Will Smith’s character does, the secret mission he is trying to accomplish is the way he performs his repentance, which shines brightly and leaves you at the end with tears in his eyes. <Br /> <br /> Our entry point is a bit annoying, leaving us away from trying to understand what is happening. Thomas Smith has lists of names, one of those we do not know, and one of those who seem to be trying to follow and check. Working with the IRS allows him to access these strangers so that they can look into their lives to see if they are worthy of the gift he can give them that could completely change their circumstances. He calls his old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he promised, so that he would not guess his decision, because his opinion has not changed. Even in such a small role as Pepper, you can't help but feel the full grief, hanging in the background, hanging over everyone's head. It is his character, apparently three times, that really covers the primary level of emotions with which we have to deal. His breakdowns, whether it is tearing and difficult or cramps in his hands, show that these two men have a connection that stands the test of time and any circumstances that may arise. <br /> <br /> After this phone call, the journey begins to meet new people. Thomas performs some kind of mission to help alleviate the financial problems of mortally ill people trying to stay afloat, despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival. This progress takes a lot of moves from a “blind, vegan meat seller” whom he scolds to see if he can make him explode; a patient with heart failure, in need of a second phase, unable to print her stationary line or even run with his duke of Great Dane; offended and frightened Latin American mother of two children, who is too afraid to part with her boyfriend; a dying hockey coach who inspires faith in an oppressed youth community; a little boy in need of a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and an inevitable future with a penchant for hope and a desire to cherish every day, and there are those who try to defeat it, cutting corners and spending all their money at the expense of those who need it to go out stylishly. Why Thomas should weed the mix and find those who deserve his “gift” is not known at first, so this man, who in his memories is considered an aviation engineer with a beautiful wife and a huge beach house, now lives in a motel driving a beaten-up car coming from door to door to check for the IRS. However, as he says, "he somehow stumbled upon a job." <br /> <br /> Smith's quest, like Thomas, is long and painful, tempered with moments of clarity and honest compassion. As a person who has the opportunity to help, he is serious about his work, eliminating people who are not worthy of attention, and testing those whom he considers worthy to the n-th degree. If this means that he should scream and make fun of them, he should do it. However, at every step you see the suffering in his eyes, the pain that is eating away at his soul, making every step towards his destiny, one as a holy atonement, not only for those he wants to help, but also for himself. This is a worthy performance. and I would just like Smith to play more similar dramas, instead of his summer blockbuster action films, because, although they are funny, this guy is too good for them. It is better for a man to win an Oscar before he does it, or it will be a parody, at least in my opinion. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is stellar in all directions. Woody Harrelson as a blind seller - the perfect handicap with the joy of life. His shy smile and faith in humanity are found everywhere, whether by phone, which is shouted, sitting in a diner, eating his cake, or at the piano in the park, playing for everyone who listens. Elpidia Carrillo, being a mistreated mother, is fantastic, demonstrating a complex evolution from a proud to scared and completely stunned by the kindness of a stranger, allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines like a "once hot" young woman, beaten and broken by a long hospital stay, almost disappointed in life to find love and happiness. It is the idea of ​​Thomas Smith that once again opens her eyes to being a woman, a free spirit, a sexual being who can simply live without being afraid to wonder what day will be her last.
