Seven pounds, it was a movie in which I was just convinced that Will Smith was really going to make films "I will make you cry." One thing for which I can give him a bunch of praise, a person can cry. My only thing, no matter how touching the story, Will Smith has argued again and again that he can act, so why does he take this extremely depressing story? Nevertheless, it is still a good movie. I have to admit that it made me cry, but I felt that Rosario Dawson was an outstanding performance, I love this girl very much, since I saw her at the 25th hour with Ed Norton, I knew that this girl was going go far. She is beautiful, charming, fun and talented; she can't wait to see how far her career will go. But she and Will Smith are not sure that they have such wonderful chemistry that the film needs, which would make it a great movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas was involved in a car accident caused by using his mobile phone; seven people died: six strangers and his bride. One year after the crash, leaving the work of an aviation engineer, Tim donates a lung's share to his brother Ben, an IRS employee. Six months later, he donates a portion of his liver to a child care worker named Holly. After that, he begins to search for new candidates for donations. He finds George, the junior hockey coach, donates a kidney to him, and then donates a bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before his death, he contacts Holly and asks if she knows anyone who deserves help. She offers Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive guy. Tim leaves his home in a local motel, taking a jellyfish animal. One night, after the beating, Connie contacts Tim, and he gives her the keys and a document to the house on the beach. She takes two children and moves to their new home. After stealing his brother’s credentials and stating himself under the name of his brother Ben, he checks candidates for the last two donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind veggie meat vendor who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and stalks him at work to see if he is in a hurry to get angry. Ezra remains calm, and Tim decides that he is worthy. He then contacts Emily Posa, a self-employed greeting card printer that has heart disease and a rare blood type. He spends time with her, weeds her garden and repairs her rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that because her condition has worsened, he must make his donation. <br /> <br /> “Seven Pounds” is a good film, and, no doubt, it’s worth seeing, I would just recommend renting it against the theater. Will Smith plays well, but not at his best, just in most films he cried in every scene, but the last one with him is dull. But I liked the finale, it was beautiful and really made you appreciate life and not take it for granted. There are still good people in this world, and Ben’s character reminds you of how to value life and give back to those in dire need. Although he went a little far, but it was a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
