This film is one of the best shorts I've ever seen - and when I put an end to myself at all the major film festivals, I saw a lot, especially what the industry considers the “best”. I am not a fan of Monaghan. His acting is usually overdone and uninteresting for me, his only decent performance in Lost, so I usually try to avoid his films. I, however, accidentally saw it at a film festival a few years ago and was completely stunned. This director really knows what she is doing. Of course, you get trolls (or just ignorant people) who don’t understand what constitutes a good movie, and deal with low-budget work because they have no idea what is connected with it. But, fortunately, from what I saw, they are in the minority when it comes to this pearl. <br /> <br /> Let's not deny that the film worked without a budget, and that a couple of supporting actors can still use the work, because this is certainly true. The production value is very low, but what can you expect from the first real film from someone else in high school? Imagine for a moment that the budget doesn't matter. If you take a bit of acting out, the sound quality (which was not really the director's mistake; I saw it at the festival, and the sound was fine ... I guarantee whoever made the DVD itself spoiled), and the fact that it was shot on mini DV, what do you have left? History, visual composition and soul of the film, which, undoubtedly, impeccable. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell a story. This is very clear. She can write rich, exciting scripts better than most people in Hollywood, create a list of frames that perfectly complements this story, and bring it to life in an exciting, creative way that, if this higher budget could win awards. Give him more experienced actors, better sound post-production, and 35 mm instead of mini-DV, and even the trolls could not complain. This girl is incredible, and, given that Insomniac was made a few years ago, she has done an amazing job since then. The Angel Dreams trailer shows this, and I can't wait to see what she did with the big budget. 9/10 stars, this is one hell of a movie from one hell of a director.
