Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is the killer for the CIA. He was ordered to go to the country of Turakistan, a country that the United States “liberated”, and to kill a businessman named Omar Sharif. This is due to the fact that the American conglomerate Tamerlane, who gathers the country "together", will not play for Sharif, an oilman from a neighboring country, who is laying his own pipeline through Turkistan, which has been torn by war. But once, the Brand faces difficulties. First, he meets a determined journalist Natalie (Marisa Tomei), who wants to tell the American public the "true" story of the conflict in the region ... and Tamerlane. But Brand is stunned, realizing that Natalie's beautiful face and sharp mind instantly and unconsciously make him lose focus on his mission. In addition, his cover as an organizer of the exhibition makes him meet with the pop-singing princess of the country, Jonica (Hillary Duff), who will marry in a conference center. She is a young diva, whose wedding events also distract Brenda's attention from the upcoming murder. With other inept subordinates and complications, can Brand fulfill his mission to meet BIG boss Tamerlane, former vice president (Dan Aroyd)? Well, John Cusack to make this film, even if it doesn’t look alike. Filmed in Serbia, this is a worthy look at what should be a modern Iraq, a country turned upside down. Surprisingly, the green zone here is called the "Emerald City", and this is precisely because this ozopodobny area is trying to prevent the destructive actions of the war, taking place elsewhere in the metropolis. The cast is very good, Cusack does an excellent job, and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others support him stylishly. Duff, in particular, plays the role of a singer with a strong accent and mouth tightened. Recreating the war-ridden Baghdad is so real that it hurts him, while the costumes and other production values ​​are top notch. As for the script, it is not always cohesive, but there is certainly a terrific dialogue and scenes in it. For example, a young boy from the Thuraki tribe offers to show Brand the refuge of the enemy in exchange for money and candy. The brand makes money, but since it doesn’t have candy, the boy still burns his car. Brilliant! In addition, the direction is not a complete success, but not very often. No, if you have conservative inclinations, you probably will not like this movie. But if you are unbiased and want to see a satirical look at the “war on terror”, this is a pretty good show. So try to watch it, as you will support those directors who decide to make films away from these old studio “formulas”.
