This weekend of July 4, it is gratifying to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and healthy in the film "War, Inc." Just as our founding fathers extended the hand of collective rule to King George III, this film with a cheerful manner demonstrates the passionate military benefits of the current harvest of capitalist creeps who intend to indecently privatize the government, including the privatization of the war itself. <br /> <br /> The cast of this satire is absolutely radiant. John Cusack is great as a ridiculous, controversial corporate killer, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is great in her love interests. (My God, “George Costanza” was right. Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it was John's sister, Joan Cusack, who really steals the film. Her image of a powerful, but at the same time stingy, personal assistant is priceless, and more than once I stopped laughing at the brilliance of her speech. She has not only a fantastic time of comics, her face is as expressive as one would wish an actor. Dan Aroyd also has a short but very effective cameo in the film as the head of the company that wages the war, Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on the "throne" with his pants down around his ankles, Aroyd even looks like a clown donkey, which is currently occupied by one of our real power thrones. You will not need to think too hard to get to know this person. Most of this film was made in Bulgaria, so we can see so much of this military equipment. (You just know that the US military would never have helped create this satirical exposing of military speculation.) I especially liked the character of Omar Sharif performed by Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neykov. In one scene, in which he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, he has a couple of lines that could summarize our entire foreign policy position in relation to foreign leaders, whom we set - and delete - in power. <br /> <br /> Naturally, not everyone will like this movie. If you believe that the current privatization of our foreign policy, the military, the collection and analysis of intelligence information, prisons and correctional systems, health care and many other public services is a good thing that you may not find a lot of things like. This movie. However, if you believe that the destruction of people and countries in order to take stock of a corporation is an abomination, I think you will find a lot of value in this film. Nothing can be more in harmony with the spirit of independence than scolding deserved mockery of corrupt forces.
