The plot of this film may not be unusual, but what makes the film really special is its characters (and the actors who play them, of course!). I will not go into the details of the plot of the film, but I would certainly like to say this ?? This film is not just for everyone! The film is really witty, and you have to be equally smart to get all the satire. If you are not careful even for a second, you will probably end up missing one of the finer points. The film is full of such seemingly trivial but witty things, such as ads in the background in Turakistan, advertisements on tankers (which I almost missed), and they make the movie fun everywhere. <br /> Coming to the actors, John Cusack played his multifaceted role very effectively (what about him, being a co-author and producer too), and he plays his character ?? Hauser, the killer with the heart exquisitely. Previously, Cusack played a similar role in the Grosse Pointe Blank, but its comic position in the film is just great. <br /> <br /> However, the actress who steals the whole show is Hilary Duff! I've always been a big fan of Miss Duff. But to be honest, I was a little disappointed when I heard about the role she plays in the film. But after watching the film, disappointment was replaced by more respect for her as an actor. Let's face it! The child is growing, but yes, as well as her talent! All those critics who hoarsely shouted that Hilary could not act would be silent for a while. Did Hilary have to play a really difficult character ?? hard outside but cute baby from the inside ?? and she did complete justice to this. Does she make you laugh and does she make you cry ?? In short, a long story (because I could continue to rave about it forever), it is BEAUTIFUL! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack did a good job too. Especially, Joan's tantrum is outraged! However, I was rather disappointed that Ben Kingsley was wasted in such a small role, and his playing seemed dull. <br /> <br /> in general, War, Inc. keeps you on your toes due to your intellectual humor and ends with just the right amount of turns in the plot. I highly recommend this movie to everyone (and all the more fans of Hilary Duff) !!! Postscript - I am very happy to hear that the film will soon be out of limited release and will soon be out in other places !!!
