Joshua Seftel's first film is a satire of memorable dimensions, about the same as the name implies: “The Influence of Corporations on the War”. <br /> <br /> A film about a mercenary (John Cusack) traveling to Turakistan (not real). the country, for your information), to help the American government "convey its message" to the leaders of Turakistan. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei), and we all know what happens to a single person + a hot reporter. Somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Jonica Bebiya was thrown inside. When Yonika marries one of the most important people of Turakistan (the president’s son), a subplot is created where a mercenary should look after this star, well, to some extent. The film begins with a lonely Cusack in the bar; no later than fifteen seconds, the film will hook you. With a funny and intriguing understanding of terrorism and politics, the time of the film amazes you. The film has much more action than I expected, with a random war scene, well-staged fights and just episodes of murder. Although the story is not very deep, the simplicity of all this makes the film ideal for both ordinary people and film critics. <br /> <br /> In the last act of the film, the simplicity of it all turns very hostile and mixed. I thought this was done very well, but others might disagree, and I could understand why. Twist around the corner - that's what the final is, and, like most movies, this is a real hit / miss situation. Despite this, the three screenwriters of the film (Mark Leiner, Jeremy Pixer and John Cusack) did a fantastic job creating a realistic and entertaining satire in the current situation abroad. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel copes with film integrity insurance; do not reduce the material to the most redundant films (which I was afraid would happen). Seftel created the film in the best way possible: he created a bright atmosphere that simultaneously explores the harsh reality and cartoon falsities; - it’s great to oppose them, and also make the film feel as if you were watching it all. Seftel really involves you in all actions and pays off. There are no errors here. Hopefully, he will take on more directing work, because he is one director who is worth looking after.
