Deanna Durbin, who was then 14 years old and who worked under contract with MGM, in 1936 starred in a short film in which she starred with Judy Garland, a year younger, in the first film for both of them. Then Louis B. Mayer decided that he didn’t need two competing young singers, made a bet on Garland and released Durbin. Universal immediately signed Durbin, threw it into Three Smart Girls and rewrote the script to pump up its role. She is billed last, but with the typographical equivalent of neon lights around her name. The Universal was convinced that Durbin would succeed, and they were right. “Three smart girls” is not so much a musical as a comedy, and Derbin, who is 15 years old when the film was released, has an aplomb character. She is Penny Craig, and she and her older sisters Joan and Kay are determined to save their father, who was divorced from his mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold digger with a cruel mother. They speak from Switzerland, where they live, to New York, where their father lives. They plan not only to break the father's wedding, but also to reunite the father with the mother, who after ten years of separation still loves the guy. Are there any doubts that Durbin will sing one or two songs in his warm, juicy soprano? Nope Are there any doubts that the girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joan finding love and matrimonial material on the way? No, again. Years later, Durbin said she couldn’t keep playing little Miss Fixit forever. Of course, she was right, but in her first feature film, Three Smart Girls, she has a little Miss Fixit. Durbin is cheerful, resolute, resourceful, energetic and, naturally, natural. Her personality is so sincere that it makes this comedy - a mixture of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful greed - absolutely sweet. <br /> <br /> Durbin easily transports the film. It’s very fun to watch her stand up against people like Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon, women with their hooks from the rich father Penny, played by Charles Winninger, who also did not neglect the theft of scenes. Alice Brady, who played mother in “My Man Godfrey,” is played by Donna Lyons' mother, who is even more engaged in gold mining than her daughter. The last of the perfect farces is Ray Milland in the role of Lord Michael Stewart, who, because of contrived and amusing confusion, is mistaken for Misha Auer. <br /> <br /> Three Smart Girls do an excellent job with light and funny comedies with manners and confusions. Like Dinna Durbin as a new star who, thanks to her tremendous success, saved Universal bacon.
