I am surprised by the comments from the posters that claim that Jane Powell was shooting the same type of films as Dina Durbin. Although both of them were young sopranos whose images were created by Joe Pasternak, if this film is any indication, they were almost polar opposites. <br /> <br /> While in THREE SMART GIRLS Durbin plays the impulsive Little Miss Fixit, “which, after some setbacks, manages to reunite her divorced parents, in her half-remake of The Three Brave Daughters” Jane Powell Almost destroys the marriage between her screen mom, Janette MacDonald, and her new stepfather, Jose Iturbi, when she refuses to accept him and the strong hands of her younger brothers and sisters to reject him too. From the films about Durbin and Powell that I saw, I would say that these diverse qualities pervade the early films of both these talented young performers. <br /> <br /> With regard to Durbin's performance in “THREE SMART GIRLS”, I find it completely advantageous and most impressive. Although from her sometimes piercing and overly persistent readings in some of the most energetic scenes, it is clear that this is an early film for Deanna, who looks at a confident, knowing and naturally effervescent manner in which she gives her lines and generally performs and is submissive. and the gentle manner that she projects to more serious scenes, you never guess that it was the FIRST role in the film of a 14-year-old girl, whose previous professional experience consisted almost exclusively of two years of vocal training. <br /> <br /> Given the fact that this film and Durbin herself were widely advertised as “Universal’s last chance”, the production was supposed to be incredibly stressful for a beginner of any age, but you ... I will never know for the ease and confidence that Durbin displays on the screen. Although she is clearly still developing her acting style and demeanor in front of the camera (this also applies to early performances by much more experienced contemporaries, such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin demonstrates an extraordinary presence and warmth the camera, which she is absolutely unique to her, and even here, in her first film, she manages to remain incredibly cute, despite her often temper impulsiveness of her character, and although she is sometimes shrill, she does not project modest ones for a second and the strong qualities that struck many child stars, including Jane Powell and some other young sopranos following her success. <br /> <br /> In short, like all the great singing stars, Durbin was much more than just a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, while Durbina’s pure lyric soprano is truly a wonderful and magnificent instrument, for me the most remarkable thing was how she was able to project her songs, without the slightest affect or “grandchildren”, which amazes the singing of adult opera singers such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Janette MacDonald, in films from that period. <br /> <br /> The film is also amazing, under the strong influence of a worm comedy, it supports Durbina Creme de Luck Creme from top-notch baseball professionals such as Char bs Vinninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is easy and interesting. True, this is hardly “realistic”, but why would anyone expect this? If you want: “realistic” rent VINEYARDS OF THE GROBE or TRIUMPH VILLAS. On the other hand, if you are looking for a real, cute, funny and entertaining family comedy with a surprisingly charismatic and gifted teenager “leading” and amazing supporting players, this film will not let you down.
