The Twelve Monkeys are strange and disturbing, but at the same time so smart and intelligent. He deftly jumps between the future and the past, and tells the story of a man named James Cole, a convict, who is sent back to the past to gather information about an artificial virus that killed 5 billion people. on the planet in 1996. First, Cole was accidentally returned in 1990, and in adversity he was sent to a psychiatric hospital, where he tries to explain his goal and where he meets with a psychiatrist Dr. Catherine Reilly, who is trying to help him and a patient named Jeffrey Goins, the insane son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and somehow so sensible about mind and madness, this film is a definite masterpiece in the history of science fiction films. <br /> <br /> The story is fantastic. It is so original and so interesting. The script itself, written by David and Janet Peeps, is inspired by the film “La Jetée” (1962), which I have not seen, but I have to thank the director and screenwriter of the film Chris Marker for inspiring me to do so. the authors of the Twelve Monkeys. I read a little about La Jetée, it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have turned this great inspiration into a modernized story that tells about this urgent need for people to find a solution for maintaining human existence, and this makes it such a beautiful and realistic way that it is a guaranteed trip to thrill from beginning to end. The music used in the film is strange, and for some reason, so funny and funny that it doesn’t fit until you get it, and when you realize that it’s so irresistible, written by Paul Backmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, whom we remember from Monty Python as the director of the film, was a real surprise to me, as I really never thought he was a director. I know that he made films before, but I really could not believe that he could do something so great. This should not be a surprise since it does an amazing job. You can still feel the same oddity as in Python, but for me the direction is pretty much flawless, although in its strange way of describing things, it also makes some scenes strangely disturbing. Yes, it’s really weird, weird, weird and anxious, so it also makes the film a bit heavy, so viewers with a weak mind will probably have a hard time watching the movie throughout the movie. It’s not as heavy as you could imagine, but it just contains certain things that are sometimes hard to watch for your own purposes. Despite this, the film keeps this pure intellect and, thanks to memories, dreams, leaps between the past and the future, it mixes up the whole story in a very clever way and does not even make the plot dirty in any part, although In the end, it needs concentration by the viewer. <br /> <br /> With regard to acting, the film does not even go awry. The role of James Cole is played by the mighty Bruce Willis, who probably still plays his best role to date. Now people may not agree with me, because he did a great job, for example, in The Sixth Sense, but for me the role of James Cole was so perfect for Willis, and he performs it incredibly well. The character is also very well written, but executed even better. Cole begins to question his own existence, and he deals with himself, starting to question his actual lifetime, trying to survive and find the crucial missing piece of the puzzle. Due to difficulties, he begins to lose his faith, asking if he can even trust or trust himself. Other roles that deserve mention are those of Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt. Stowe plays the role of Catherine Raley, the psychiatrist James Cole, who sees something strangely familiar in Cole and decides to help him cope with his madness. She somehow begins to believe Cole’s story, but as a supporter of science, she tries to find solutions with her help and tries to deal with the mind when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goins, and he also makes one of his best role-playing performances to date. The crazy, but funny character personality brought Pitt even an Oscar nomination for it, so I think I don’t praise an honestly fantastic performance for anything. <br /> <br /> In general, “The Twelve Monkeys” is a great experience of science fiction, and it will certainly be a recommendation for everyone, especially for fans of fiction. It includes brilliant characters and superb roles in roles, especially from Willis and Pitt, as well as an original and fascinating story that forms a plot that is so smart and intelligent. However, what has already been mentioned is strange and disturbing, definitely attracts the attention of the viewer, making it interesting and witty. It's also an explosive thriller, and there's a romance in it too, so it's all in one package and makes it one of the best science fiction movies I've ever seen. Thanks to Terry Gilliam’s strange but stunning vision, he manages to keep his balance despite a somewhat bumpy, but at the same time steady ride. It is difficult to explain in reality, but it is so, it is amazing.
