The story of this film is really wonderful. The virus broke free, and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know now is that the animals rule the earth above, and everywhere there are posters with the inscription: "Twelve monkeys have done it." That's right, the human race was supposed to hide under the earth from diseases that killed more than 500 billion people. Apparently, animals do not become infected with this disease. Day after day, a real scientist is trying to figure out what type of illness caused it; how it was created; if nature did it or just man created it. All they know is that there is a group of animals running around the city, the death of which began in 1996-1997, and the twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least that’s what the poster says.) So the current convict named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a “volunteer” to get samples from above. After doing his volunteer work, he is asked to send him back to 1996 to find out what happened to the world. Cole agrees, and the story of the Twelve Monkeys begins. <br /> <br /> Throughout history, the time machine incorrectly places dates from 1990 to some of the events of the 1950s. (In the middle of the war.) During the time traveling back and forth, he begins to confuse James in his head, and this distorts the story. The whole story is very well done, and I would give it a higher rating if it were not for the end. I personally did not like the final of the film, and I was very disappointed. I just expected a more explanatory ending than what happened, but not everyone thinks so. Thus, I gave him 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as mine, I would give him 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> For the whole act of the film, I give him A +. Bruce Willis is great for this role, and he plays well, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. His acting is so great, he fits so well with the character. I never cared about Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and Fight Club. There are characters or similar in this film, he's just a little more ... insane in this film. So overall, I think this movie is totally worth seeing. For most people, this is a great sci-fi movie, I just don’t think this is a masterpiece.
