NB: Spoilers inside. This wonderful film is “about” many things, and all of them are successful: a scientific journey through time, unstable psychology, an anti-utopian society, a “what is real” syndrome, a gradual undermining of belief systems, global bioterrorism and an emerging love story. <br /> <br /> The consequences of a distorted timeline of the story cause a lot of heated debate - look at the discussions on this site; or, as a last resort, familiarize yourself with your dissertation at www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. Phew! Such a temporary accent speaks mainly about the brilliant story derived from the magnificent work of the writers David and Janet Peeps, not to mention Chris Marker's inspiration “La Jetee”. Without a doubt, this is one of the most successful, fascinating films about time travel. But there are many other levels. <br /> <br /> The real genius of the film is to focus on the unpleasant side effects of time travel in the mind of James Cole (Bruce Willis, performing the best work in his career here). Is his journey going from a fanatical vaccine hunter to a gradually confused victim ?? and back Another broad storyline increasingly emphasizes the personal story between James and Dr. Catherine Reilly (the great Madeleine Stowe). I love the simultaneous displacement / opposition of the points of view of these two characters. For me, it all comes to the fore in the fleabag hotel room scene. By this point, James ?? once gripped by unshakable determination ?? now slumps in doubts about its own reality; while dr rally ?? cool and rational scientist ?? finally, after James was convinced of the evidence of James, he finally became convinced of his terrible predictions. Her desperation to call James and continue the mission shows how far she has come. <br /> <br /> Gilliam makes us take care of these characters, especially due to the fact that the tension strung their lives. The balance between emotional roller coasters and all sorts of fantastic puzzles and thrillers is simply amazing. And the denouement at the airport is incredibly intense, because we see, as is clearly seen from the dreams of James. Is it here right after James decided to quit smoking? and is struggling with his madness more than ever ?? that he retreats to the plate and does what humanity needs. See Jose and the gun ?? (Just before this, the references to Hitchcock's "Dizziness" and the switching / confusion of identity are brilliant.) This is a film that needs to be mixed between thinking people; it not only withstands repeated scans, but also requires them. "Twelve Monkeys" - smart, provocative, strange, funny and disturbing things. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is superb, especially Brad Pitt, stealing all of his scenes and showing more flexibility, like Jeffrey Goins, crazy and spoiled but survived. And there is David Morse in the role of Dr. Peters (I wonder how the film simply leaves the audience its evil motivation) and Christopher Plummer in the role of Dr. Goins. But the biggest awards belong to Terry Gilliam, surpassing here - hardly - his outstanding “Brazil”. (Of course, there are many parallels, especially the lonely combatant trying to escape from his crumbling environment: insanity inside, insanity outside.) Each frame of this film has its own unique stamp and tone. The soundtrack is amazing too. <br /> <br /> This is one of the greatest achievements of the 90s, my real favorite, and it will probably continue for a long time.
