I usually try to avoid sci-fi movies as much as I can, because this is not the kind of genre that I really like. Light sabers, UFOs, aliens, time travel ... most of the time is nothing for me. However, there is one film in the genre that I will always give on my list of best films, and this is Twelve Monkeys, I remember that I was completely amazed by this for the first time, but even now, after he had I've been seen several times already, I'm still one of his biggest fans. Every time I see him, this film seems to be getting better and better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the distant future, all people live underground because an unknown and deadly virus killed five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the population alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cell and who is chosen as a “volunteer”, where he is sent in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic. They believe that he was spread by a mysterious group called "The Twelve Monkeys" and needs a virus before it mutates so that scientists can study it. But their time travel machine is still not working perfectly, and he was accidentally sent in 1990, where he meets Dr. Catherine Reilly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goynes, the insane son of a famous scientist and virus expert ... <br /> < br /> What I like so much about this film is that it is never clear whether everything you see is real or not. Is it an illusion created by a mentally ill person, or is it real? Does he really come from the future and can he really travel through time? Was the population really destroyed by a virus released by the army of the Twelve Monkeys? All these questions will make you think from beginning to end. If the creators of this film decided to make all this more obvious, I’m sure that I would never like it as much as I do now. This is a mystery that interests me from time to time. But this is not the only good thing in this film, of course. The game is also awesome. Usually I'm not a big fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this film is amazing. Together with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he had to receive several awards for it, because together with an amazing story they made this film incredibly good. <br /> <br /> Even after several views I am still a huge fan of this film. With the exception of this film, I saw only one other Terry Gilliam film, and this is “Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas”, which was not bad, but in fact did not convince me either. However, it is this film that really makes me look forward to his other work. I give him 9/10, maybe even 9.5 / 10.
