Terry Gilliam and David Peeples have teamed up to create one of the most intelligent and creative sci-fi films of the 90s. Have people proven a scenario with bizarre turns and fantastic ideas about the nature of time ?? I especially like the idea that the past cannot be changed; is it a good counterpoint for many time travel movies that say otherwise ?? biological holocaust and the fine line between sanity and insanity. Gilliam visualized his ideas with unique quirkiness, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The story itself is fascinating: one person, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a stunning performance), travels several decades into the past to get information about a virus that destroyed humanity and left only a few survivors living under the ground: thanks to the information he gathers, scientists hope to find a cure so that everyone can return to the surface in the future. But because their time travel technology is not perfect, it ends up going to meet other past and complicates things. And this implies a brilliant sci-fi thriller with noir-film nuances, when numerous pieces of a huge puzzle begin to come together, forming a bizarre story with animal rights activists, paranoia of the end of the millennium, biological weapons, perception of reality and definition of sanity. With such a complex film, Gilliam and the People were easy to create a mess, but instead Twelve Monkeys is a reason for reflection that will please those who love being challenged and have the patience to appreciate some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie once about 10 years ago. This struck me very much: I remember how I still thought about many days after my death; for my young mind, this seemed rather amazing, and it was one of the first films that made me appreciate the movie as something serious and important. I watched this movie a few days ago on DVD, and it's better than I remembered it. Is Brad Pitt still stealing all the scenes in which he plays while playing Jeffrey Goins? almost a prelude to his character Tyler Durden in the fight club ?? a rich child with some anarchist / non-conformist ideas, who is also crazy and, according to Cole, is possibly responsible for the virus. The scenes between Geoffrey and Cole in a lunatic asylum are the best in the film, the eyes, voice, and pitt's bizarre manners convince you that he is really crazy locked in a distorted logic that only he understands. Pitt's Oscar nomination was well deserved! The performance of Bruce Willis was also surprising: I don’t remember him very well, but it’s beautiful and full of sensitivity; He plays a man who has spent most of his life underground, and when he is gone, you will share your childhood fascination with something as simple as breathing the fresh air of the morning or watching the sun rise. Cole is a rather ambiguous character, the people tried to fill him with darkness, and he does other disturbing things for other people and for himself: the scene where he removes his teeth shows how far his madness has gone. Ironically, Cole did not start as a crazy character, but when he begins to warn everyone about the end of the world, he is considered crazy and convinced that everything is in his head until he reaches a point where he cannot distinguish the past from the future from reality fiction . Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and insecure, and it works great. One of the funny turns in the story is that when Dr. Cole, Dr. Catherine Raley shrinks, finds indisputable proof that he is really from the future, and now he needs to convince him again of his mission to save the world. The script is full of strange turns, like this, and it keeps the film at a fast pace. Their relationship is also good, although perhaps a little tight for the sake of time. But I liked to watch Cole and Raleigh fall in love and try to get away from the power of the future in order to live a peaceful life in the past. But then it all ends in a tragic / bitter-sweet climax at the airport, when it all comes together, which drives many crazy. <br /> <br /> There are two wonderful ends in this film: a turn in the sense of Se7en or Fight Club, and a more intimate final where Raleigh crouched next to Cole, who had just been shot, and looking around to see younger James Cole, who witnessed his death in the future; two look briefly and she smiles at him. The twist is brilliant, but I prefer this ending for an emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe plays Dr. Reilly very well, she received many different emotions from me in her performance. The film is filled with a sense of fatalism with the idea that the past cannot be changed: this film shows it in a horrendous way. It reminds me of Chinatown in the sense that Jake Gittes spoils everything, the more he tries to help. Does Reilly's character share this fatalism, the more she tries to help Cole ?? first deal with his "madness", and then help him in his mission ?? the more they are immersed in tragedy. <br /> <br /> The turn ends with a reassuring note, although Cole's feeling was not in vain. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to see if someone wants to have fun; it should not be art, although it is more artists than many feature films. This is an unpretentious film in which all the elements, from music to editing, costume design, etc., are perfectly combined to create a masterpiece of modern cinema.
