Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have long existed since the creation of science fiction as a genre as such. The fact that today's society is responsible for what may happen to the future in the near future, and that our own abuses and refusals to see what is right before our eyes are at the very center of all these stories, whether they are good or bad. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, of course, is natural for this kind of film. He gives the film a decadent feeling everywhere, showing a society torn by his own excesses, and evoking a feeling of imminent tragedy, despite the moments of comedy. His world, the world in which TWENTY MARKS takes place, is a place where insane people become wild, cities are torn by mud and disdain, where everything smells of foreboding, despite the brightness of the opening sequence, where madness looms at every corner. This is a very dark movie, but its best, most linear (despite plot twists that stand the test), and one that gets better with repeated views. <br /> <br /> The tragic event in which the deadly Virus spread to humanity in 1996 and thus led to the destruction of life on the planet, as we know it. This forces future scientists to try to rectify the situation and change the fate of humanity on Earth, hiring apostate citizens — the scum of the Earth — like guinea pigs to go back in time, among them is James Cole (undervalued with great effect by Bruce Willis). Cole can be any person. We don’t know anything about him, but, in a sense, it doesn’t matter, because he is a little more than one of many volunteers to spend, and hints of his character slip later as he approaches his mission. What we really know is that he is a man who dreams, and his dreams could be a reality: he may already have been at the scene of the 1996 event. <br /> <br /> This constant sense of deja vu that continues to appear throughout the film. When in 1990 he mistakenly went to a psychiatric hospital, he meets Jeffrey Goins (with the malicious intent played by Brad Pitt, nominated for Oscar), who desperately talks about death and doom, and later Cole believes that he saw Goynas in his returning in a dream a man pushes the boy away, running away ... what? He does not know. Later he meets psychologist Catherine Raleigh (Madeleine Stowe), and one of her first reactions to him is that he lost his mind and that she had seen him before. This is becoming a common notion throughout her participation in this story, from a passive / resistant to an active and even slightly crazy believer that something terrible is on the way, especially when she meets him six years later: she has seen Cole before. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about his dream, in which he continues to play the role of a blonde, running down the aisle and screaming for help, after shots rang out and some redhead man in ponytail (Jeffrey Goins?), Apparently , escaped before pushing a little boy who is an innocent bystander. Questions arise: have these events occurred? Are they going to happen? Who is actually part of this, or even better - all, down to the smallest player, are part of the Big Lot? Or is this all a trick in the fabric of time, in which Time itself is one huge conveyor, showing repetition of fragments of events that slide over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a master sequence that includes key scenes from Alfred Hitchcock's WERTIGO masterpiece, in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns her own short existence (“You didn’t notice,” she says, since Cole and Reilly watches from their seats in the cinema, in which they hide). Fragments of the dialogue from Vertigo form a foil for dialogue between Raleigh and Cole, and later, when Cole wakes up from what has apparently dozed off in the theater, and goes in search of Raleigh, he faces her face to face (looks almost exactly like Eva Maria Saint from NORTH BY NORTHWEST), and the swollen score by Bernard Herrmann plays the appearance of Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. This is an exciting sequence, all the more because of the most incredible appearance of the names of the actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Catherine Reilly, who puts on her blond wig and gray cloak and calls herself "Judy Simmons" helping the "insane" man named James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective who tries to help the “insane” Madeleine Elster, who later appears more than once, but twice, first in the role of brunette Judy Barton, and then in the role of Madeleine. Action and replay, play and replay.
