Just kidding, I rented 12 Monkeys the other day, because I'm a big fan of Bruce Willis and heard something about the film. Some are good and bad, but it was one of those films that you had to pay attention to every second, so I was a little worried. Just because for a moment I felt that it would be one of those films that I had to watch several times to get. But I watched it last night and was very impressed, there was everything in this movie: action, drama, fantasy, history, sombre humor and even a little romance. All the actors did an amazing job, I am very grateful to Bruce, when he was in the car with his psychiatrist, he really got to me. But Brad Pitt, I'm just amazed at how much he did. He didn’t beat his character who was crazy, just made him work and was incredibly believable. The story was just scary, but very good, and you can wake her up. <br /> <br /> James Cole is a man in the future, when a virus broke out in the past, as a result of which 5 billion people died and only 1% of the population survived, including it. Animals now control the land above, while people are down, but scientists send James back to the 1990 past (indeed, to send it to '96) to find out information about this virus. James is admitted to a mental hospital where he meets with his new psychiatrist, Dr. Catherine Reilly and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goins. He tells them about the future, of course, no one believes him, he returns to the future. But scientists send him back to the year when James is kidnapped by the doctor, but he tells her more and believes him. Now they are trying to prevent the appearance of the virus. <br /> <br /> 12 Monkeys is an incredible movie. As I said, the story was so scary just because it’s not hard to believe that we are close to it. But the whole movie was just great, the actors, the scenery, just the whole picture was great. He had the feeling of the Terminator, when we could lose something precious one day, by ourselves, if we would not listen to others. What is right and what is not? Who knows? But I highly recommend 12 Monkeys, this is a great movie, which, if you give it a chance, sure you will like it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
