Intriguingly bold film combines seemingly light cinematography with excellent casting and explosive soundtrack to show the devastating effects of the crime and corruption of the underworld Santiago on two naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> Debutant film Daniella Rios is a seductive erotic dancer Gracia, who works in a nightclub, owned by the person of the new mini-wave in the Chilean film industry Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, whom Nestor Kantillana plays matured, is easy to convince to become Trejo's minion after a night at a strip club, to celebrate the seventeenth birthday of his younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda). From the very beginning of the filming of this introductory scene, the film explodes in a neo-noir study of everything that the outside world does not normally expect to see in this country, so stereotypically conservative and Catholic. <br /> <br /> The seduction enchantment of Gracia attracts three men like bees, although the circular story about a three-sided fantasy novel revolves around a linear depiction of the main international drug deals between the people of Trio and the gringo, Eduardo Barryl. The relationship of power becomes a vital issue, as the outsiders of society merge into a mini-family. The prostitute holds an exotic spell over all Chilean men in the film, leaving her ambiguous position on the periphery of society, and is considered the key to all three men of the future. The relationship between Trejo and Cantillana becomes important, as the boys' parents are noticeable due to their absence (it can be assumed that they still live in Temuco). Therefore, it is Trejo, El Padrino, who "accepts" Cantillana and actually "makes him" a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes a desperate stranger, as his dependence on his “father figure,” Cantillana, is becoming more intense due to jealousy of the beautiful Grace. However, Miranda remains trapped due to the fact that he is still in school - he depends on Cantillana, which depends on Trejo, for the money to survive. Trejo, in turn, is under the rule of Gringo, and his wealth has been accumulated through drug deals and his strip clubs. The figure of Grace acts as a time bomb, regarded as a beautiful firework, it wraps the network of patriotism within the patriarch, but the tension can only lead to one climax. <br /> <br /> To the extent that these relations of power are exacerbated. To head, Gracia remains ambiguous elusive. The viewer is never sure what kind of male figure she will make. The film ends tragically and explosively in a shootout, which rebuilds relations of power and erases half of the main male protanganists. The last shot of Miranda’s battered face, hurrying along the PanAmericano Highway, is desperately strong. The boy was absorbed by the lure of the underworld of the city, but lost his only visible family and his woman, who is his only friend in the film. He has nothing. The main metaphors are bold and bold. This is a gangster movie in Chile. The concepts of family, no sex before marriage, etc. Abolished, and instead the harsh realities of the other side of the coin of Santiago are shown in all their wild glory. Trejo cruelly beats Rios, Rios and Miranda make love in a movie theater - a whore who has sex with a minor whom she barely knows. It is believed that the "gringo" have financial power over this small Latin American nation, but not through the copper mines, through the illegal path of drugs. <br /> <br /> The triumph of Weisbluth is in his presentation of this dark underworld, which raises so many social issues, more likely than the record-breaking Sexo Con Amor, in the smooth, sleek movie fireworks that put this film firmly next to Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental, as cinematic evidence that Chile is well and truly artistically alive and well in the post-transitional period 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.
