Director / screenwriter Andres Weissblut worked for seven years to complete this two-hour film about the criminal underground in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps this is one of the reasons why the resulting film seems episodic and in need of editing. OR, maybe this is a director’s technique that demonstrates the subtle sense of the film noir narrative. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio Sr. (Nestor Kantillana) and Victor Jr. (Juan Pablo Miranda) - moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents, and Silvio works to support the education of Victor. On the seventeenth birthday of Victor Silvio sends a virgin to the clubs, where he encourages Victor to lose her virginity with one of the strippers / prostitutes of the club. In the tender scene, Victor must face his incipient impotence while Silvio is on the club floor, impressing the “masters” with his potential for hire. <br /> <br /> Silvio goes to work in the “gang” as a bodyguard / accomplice and makes good money to support Victor’s training. But Victor looks at one of the dancers in a club called Gracia (Antonella Rios) and starts caring for her, leaving school, causing Silvio’s angry disappointment. Gracia, as it turned out, was the victim of the gang leader Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo), who is the boss Silvio! Grace is the glue that holds this story together because it is the mistress of Victor, Silvio, and Don Pascual, and the consequences of this bizarre monasticism in Troy have deadly results. Due to the fact that we are telling the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracia, we grow up to understand the vulnerabilities and cracks in each character that allow the fall, which results in the result. <br /> <br /> Sounds like Chilean reading? Well, it is, and it is filmed in a brutal, colorful, dark manner that involves a lot of nudity on the forehead (of both women and men) and provocative sexual contacts. But in the end, the sensual aspect of the director's vision is what drives this film, successfully playing the debutant's virgin soul against the hardcore professional sex worker. The cast is quite strong, especially Antonella Rios in the demanding role of Grace. Turns and turns and repetitions of incidents, which, in your opinion, you understood when you first view, are enough, but they change a lot when they tell through the eyes of another character. Bordering two hours, some sort of sensible editing would help the effect of the film. In Spanish with English subtitles. It is recommended for those who love a sharp film in the style of noir and the art of South American cinema. Grady harp
