I have not seen this film, probably for 35 years, so when I recently noticed that it would be shown again on television (cable television) for the first time in a very long time (it is not in the video), I made sure I did not miss it. . And unlike many other films that seem to lose their brilliance during the last viewing, I found that the visual images from “Pride of the Marines” were as vivid and effective as I first remembered. Anyway, what makes this movie so special? <br /> <br /> Everything. Based on a true story about the testing of Al Schmid and his fellow machine-gun crew in the battle of the River Tenara on Guadalcanal in November 1942, the scenario remains 95% true of the book on which it is based, Al Schmid the Marine. "Roger Butterfield, changing only enough to fit the time limit of the movie. It's not a typical“ war movie, ”where action takes center stage, and indeed, the war scene takes about 10 minutes or so in the middle of the movie. shot in the lowest light to depict a night fight, and devoid of mocking heroics or falsehoods that usually haunt the genre. In a sense, ahead of their time, there was more than enough natural drama that to convey to the audience the harsh, ugly, brutal nature of the battle, and probably shock the audience when they saw it immediately after the war. This film is not about "glorifying" the war; I can't imagine anyone seeing this battle scene and WANTS sign up for the service. Anyway, not immediately. <br /> <br /> In fact, this film is about the consequences of the battle and how injured people can learn how to recover their lives. There is a great hospital scene where a dozen men discuss this, and I feel that this is another reason why the film was so well received - it was exceptionally well written. There is a sequence of "dreams", shot in an inverse (negative film) film, which seems almost experimental, and the acting is also strong, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for this role, because his nature and Schmid's character were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for some time to learn more about the man and his role. The actors no longer do this, but adding to the equation is just another reason why this film tells such a complicated, unattractive story.
