In the field of films based on scenarios from some other area (or as this Oscar is called), “Holes” is trustworthy. I think it is better that the author creates the script, because the author is the author of the material. If the author cannot write the script to save their lives, then let the author and someone who is freely talented in the field of scripts create it. In addition, this review is about "holes". <br /> <br /> Causes start here, and a spoiler can be found inside. (1) Louis Sachar is a great author, and it turns out that he can write a script. I watched the movie and then read the book, and both did not feel incoherent or stupid. Some people simply have natural talents that can surpass mediums. (2) The award for the best performance is awarded to Shiites LaBouf for the role of the protagonist. He "dug in" the role. I wanted to see his character justified before the conclusion. (3) Andrew Davis was called to increase tension a little. This is the man who made Harrison Ford run fast and run fast. He can also force Steven Seagal to smash a few heads. As for this film, he made the Shiites and the rest of the guys dig several holes. In other words, he can make a “action-packed” movie and make it good, even if “action” is not the main genre, not “action”. (4) My second favorite performance is John Voight in the role of Mr. Sir. Sometimes a dull role brings out the best in a performer. When Voight uttered the phrase “Once upon a time ...”, I must have laughed for half a minute because it was so funny. He is capable of comedy, and he has to explore several more roles that allow him to display this talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very hard when given a solid script. This is probably the second best role in which I saw him (the second after “Brother, where are you?”). (6) I like the choice of settings for a movie. I did not know that California was so dry or barren. I think that the population and land area can be misleading. (7) The overall look of the movie made me want another bottle of water. One could only imagine how to dig a hole in this barren area for half a day. (8) The rest of the cast should also deserve Kudos chests. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were opened because of their talents, and he earned a lot of money. Great cast, although it was somewhere near the ensemble. (9) I like the movie, which explains nothing right away. When Stanley got hit on the head with these baseball boots, I wanted to see how strange the events could be, and this is the key to making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) need to make some more such mature juvenile films. It was acceptable for me and I am a college student. The last mature youthful film of Disney, which I saw, was “Something Evil, This Way Comes”, and “Holes” may be superior to it (like the elections of 2000, it has yet to be closed). Disney can become great if they decide to expand this genre and remember the skill of milking a cash cow when they see it. Ten reasons give ten points! <br /> <br /> In general, “Holes” is one of my favorite Disney films and probably one of the best this year (assuming that this film may not be Oscar material, but whoever says Oscar material is the best material?). From the point of view of the fact that the film from the book that I read, this place is behind the “Fight Club” on my list (which comes first). For the film, which I saw in 2003, he is among the top five (somewhere behind the "Mystic River"). Compared to Harry Potter, Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel to Harry’s head and delivers the final killing blow with a smelly sneaker on Potter’s nose. Everyone should watch this movie, because it informs and entertains. This is where my rant ends!
