And I'm serious! Indeed one of the most fantastic films I have ever had the pleasure to watch. What is surprising is that very rarely a good book turns into a film that is not only good, but, if possible, better than the novel on which it is based. Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but this is indeed a rare occurrence. But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the very beginning helped the masses, so the film approaches the story, but pushes it even further. There are many elements in this film that make it what it is: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature edge. 2. Brilliant actors. Both adults and children, these actors know how to make history a reality and bring their stories with enthusiasm and style, without going beyond, as it sometimes happens in children's films. 3. Breathtaking landscapes. It doesn’t matter whether he is real or CGI, the installation itself is a masterpiece. I especially like the image of holes from a bird's eye view. 4. A talented director who breathes life into a book and turns it into a technogenic genius. Transitions in time work well and fix a steady climax from the book, leading to twists throughout the entire film. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who made me read the book without interruption from beginning to end, so that I could not tear myself away from it. He makes sure the script sticks to the book by adding new bits to make it even better. 6. And speaking of scripts! The one-liners in this are clever, funny, and rebellious. But there are also parts that make you smile, make you cry and pull your heart strings to make you love this story even more. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There is not a single song in this film that I wouldn’t fall in love with, and this is something, considering that I have to be a punk rocker. The songs are well connected with the plot and add jazz to the overall style of the film. If you're going to buy a movie, I recommend you also buy a soundtrack, especially for “If Only,” which concentrates around the story and contains the chorus from the book. <br /> <br /> I don’t work by the way, for people who made Holes, I’m just a fan, turn on my favorite movie and give it the review it deserves. If you have not seen this, do it. Now. It is very instant. Go!
