Holes are a fairy tale about the past and how it affects the current life of at least three people. I will name one of them, the other two will remain mysteries. Holes is the story of Stanley Yelnac IV. He was not lucky in life. In fact, failure characterizes the fate of most of the people of the Yelnat tribe, and since then it has been used in the Stanley IV film "There is no good dirty, rotten, piggy, stealing great-great-grandfather." These concrete exploits cursed the men of the family in many unfortunate turns. It is during this turn that we meet with Stanley IV. He was falsely accused of stealing a pair of baseball sneakers recently donated at a homeless shelter auction by a famous baseball player. He is given a prison option, or he can go to a character building camp. “I've never been to a camp before,” says Stanley. After that, the judge enthusiastically sends him to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place with a strange philosophy: "If you take a bad boy, make him dig a hole every day." the hot sun will turn him into a good boy. We are exploring this little pearl of wisdom from Mr. Sir (John Voight), one of the "advisers" of the camp. We immediately get the impression that he is a dangerous person. At least he honestly wears his attitude; he doesn't think he is good. Camp counselor Mr. Pendansky (Tim Blake Nelson) is a different matter. He acts as a caring sensitive adviser, but he is faster than anyone else with the power to release the most violent verbal notches on his behalf. The Guardian has a certain ability for meanness, but other than that it is a mystery. These three camp rules are Green Lake, a place where there is no lake. It’s just a dry, dusty desert filled with holes five feet deep and five feet wide. Its only local fauna seems to be vultures and dangerous venomous yellow-spotted lizards. The green lake seems to be in many ways a haunted place. <br /> <br /> Holes work, despite the strange situation and the strange story, because they understand people. In particular, because he is honest about prisoners in the Green Lake camp. The film captures how the boys interact beautifully with each other. It reflects how boys can bully each other, how they can gain admiration, how they fight each other, and how boys unite according to the age line. It is this thin core that makes everything else in the film believable. Which also refreshes the good nature of his main character in this film. He does not believe in the family curse, he is not grieved by the notorious feats of his “neither good, dirty, rotten, pig, stealing, great-great-grandfather”. In fact, he likes to listen to history. Stanley IV is not bitter about the past and decided not to let this affect him in the way it influenced his father and grandfather. Sometimes in the film a lot of sadness, but not so much to wallow in insane stupidity. And it is refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes is an intelligent, insightful and witty family movie. It is entertaining, and not in any cheap way. This is not a comedy, even though she laughs. It dares to be compelling, where many family films tend to play it safely and normally. As such, it goes beyond family cinema and just becomes a good movie that anyone can enjoy. I give it 10.
