Gruveyman2 (comment below), you are a complete idiot ... blinded by the ignorance of the city to which you are faithful. This deplorable arrogance, the fact that you ironically claim that the film exudes SF, makes you seem such a typical LA LA ** hole! The only reason you felt that the movie was so smug about SF is that you are jealous. Of course, you do not know this, because you are in Los Angeles. First of all, the film was completely based on a beautiful city; what was filmed there and what some of its more famous locals filmed. It says nothing bad about Los Angeles; and these experienced directors decided to live in a beautiful city over Los Angeles. They admit that they went to film school in Los Angeles and, obviously, are proud of this fact. They recognize that SF is close to Los Angeles, which is an advantage. The only negative thing that was said, as regards Los Angeles, concerned the studio managers. The same studio executives who hated these guy films when they first saw them, but then those same films became huge, world famous films. So why should they not have hostility towards the management of the studio and the studio system? These are the only people with whom they are trying to "dissociate" and for good reasons! Don't be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the “so-called” director of San Francisco? How should he not be considered this? And who led the Godfather? Coppola did. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that brought her the award for the best film. So who gave him the job? He admits this in a documentary film that he didn’t even want to make a film ... so what’s your point? And what if Sophia wants to live in Los Angeles? And this proves your point, how? And tell me how they are not truly independent when they finance a lot of their own films. Films that are now considered classics. And when they made films from studio financing, firstly, Los Angeles came to them and said that we want you to take these pictures, and secondly, they used the money that they earned on these pictures to finance their own. That is what they talked about in the film. <br /> <br /> “Your arrogant and smug nagging will sound more respectful and confident if you never set foot on the ground and you will not transcend yourself in this.” This movie. “<br /> <br /> How the hell do“ bitchiness ”and“ self-praise ”suddenly create an“ atmosphere ”of self-respect and trust ... if they never go to Los Angeles again? What a stupid and meaningless comment! You put in a few loud words ... and you just don’t know how to use them! And by the way, they never claimed or meant that they were superior to Los Angeles! So, if they give a guy from New York a reward in Los Angeles ... again, what the hell do you mean? So if they go to Los Angeles or New York, then he hypocrites, just preferring to live in the SF? There is no point. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself, its heritage and the people who make it what it is today. This film only focuses on one aspect ... filmmaking. If you take the time and write such unpleasant comments about the city (not about the film! But about the city and its people), then you only prove that we, the Northern Californians, hate people from Los Angeles! THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENTARY ... VERY INTERESTING, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE ZONE OF THE BIKE ... BUT I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE.
