The trick to creating a good, solid mysterious story also depends on time, as well as on invented scenes, vivid characters, or surprising turns. Anyone who has ever been frustrated about the illegible crossword puzzle Sunday New York Times knows that any puzzle that takes too long to complete is no longer fun. The best murder puzzles, whether on film or in print, are small matters that go to the bottom, present their clues, line up their suspects and, we hope, will give us a few surprises; be complicated without being overly confused. And they play fair; on the second, third and fourth views on clues and red herring, we should be just as happy to be surprised at how well it all came together, as we were surprised at first. Indeed, good thrillers should become better with repeated views, as we expect double and triple cross-country. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet's comedy thriller DEATHTRAP, derived from the Broadway play by Ira Levin, is a great example. He moves in a neat roller, skillfully manipulating his clues, being (almost) completely honest with us (even when he lies to us), and never revealing where he goes (even when he tells us where he can go) not so much a film about the mysteries of murder in the traditional shoulder blade, as much as a film about the mysteries of murder created from a drama play. Instead of going back - killing, and then investigating, to explain why everything happened - DEATHTRAP takes us step by step through the crime, leaving enough room for the unexpected; as advertisements advise, this is not “someone’s unit”, but “who will do it”. <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often compared (unfavorably, oddly enough) with SLEUTH versions for games and movies, although in fact it has much more in common with SCREAM, an essay about mocking horror films for little boys. Like this tricky movie, DEATHTRAP tags itself (thriller about thrillers), sets its parameters (“one set, five characters, income”), and then proceeds to deconstruct its genre, revealing itself as “the most outlandish and ridiculous set of circumstances ". entertaining enough to convince the audience to suspend their disbelief. "<br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP boldly presents us with a riddle in which there are only five main characters, two of which are of minimal importance. Henry Jones, as an attorney for Cage at hand, basically to show (and to give us a penchant for folk charm), and Irene Worth is all quirks and comic relief as an extrasensory perceptionist who acts as a nominal detective. Thus, the three main characters become murderers and / or victims: it is a witness Michael Kane’s ability to do this is that, as Sydney Brühl, the author of the mysterious plays, he’s lucky, he creates a character that we essentially like and trust, even if we immediately realize that almost everything he says is a lie. and his adoring, albeit slightly frivolous wife, Myra, Diane Kenon flirts to be superb, giving a rollercoaster ride with a character who in turn seems fragile or domineering, cunning or hysterical, timid or bold and uncompromisingly in love with less than tvechayuschy reciprocate Sidney. The third corner of this unexpected triangle is a young playwright by the name of Clifford Anderson, whom Christopher Reeve plays in such a way that we never know who his character is: preppy amateur writing writer, half-victor or cunningly charming sociopath. When different characters dance around each other, the sternly harsh script, adapted by ace scribe Jay Presson Allen, constantly becomes funny, even when it creates uncertainty. And even after the final turn (an improvement compared to the final of the play), it may not be entirely clear who exactly manipulated, what to do. <br /> <br /> Lumet is by no means a comedy master, so he allows his capable actors to freely control the characters, and they all give a sharp, theatrical, but delicate work, and Reeve particularly deserves attention. But what Lumet does so well is to work skillfully in cramped quarters. As he brilliantly played in “12 Angry People,” he takes a piece in one set, and with minimal discovery, we manage to do something that could be cramped, stiff and stagnant, infinitely photogenic and spacious. The furnishings, a country house converted from an old windmill, are relatively small, but, as Tony Walton conceived, she manages to be both cozy and charming, as well as creepy and treacherous. It is so hard to say where a set of studios and a real country house cross the border, which to some extent becomes the sixth character set. And as a crime scene, it really is the most attractive death trap.
