Earlier, when I saw the abbreviated print presented by David Shepard, I finally got the full or almost full version, which was about 56 minutes compared to the 30-minute version, which was more common. The Shepard reprint for Image Entertainment is of course excellent quality, and it has the best parts, but it's nice to watch the rest of the movie and fill in some unexpected ends of the story. <br /> <br /> In the Shepard print, the film ends with Mary saying: "You see, I changed my mind - I will never go home." Yet, in the full version, are Mary and Kenneth Driscoll ending their relationship shortly after this scene ?? Mary is returning home to the cottage ?? and Driscoll inflames his relationship with Vivian. This additional video develops the character Vivian, who did not have much to do with the version of Shepard. Moreover, in the full version, the film begins in the countryside of New Jersey with Mary, where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover. She is disappointed with the reality of the farm boy’s accomplishment of Johnny Apple Bloom (a character completely absent in Shepard’s version), but after her love affair with Driscoll, she returns to the country to become the farmer’s wife and, ultimately, /> <br /> Regardless of the print edition, “Maiden Madness” is a good short film from 1917, shot by one of the main directors of Maurice Tourneyer of the 1910s. In this Tourneur takes many jabs in his own business, including playing a caricature of himself - the film's director of the film. The two main characters also provide quality performances in accordance with the early standards of acting: Robert Warwick, an actor playing a star in pursuit of skirts, and Doris Kenon, as an actor seeking to play a role on the screen. <br /> <br /> Self-referenced films, which made the cinematic focus of the films, have not been anything new by now. Mack Sennett has already parodied this type of film three years before Mabel's Dramatic Career. Several aspects of this stand out, though. Interviews by Francis Marion with humor, including illustrations of the actors on a chessboard with a hand directing them - wonderful for 1917. I especially liked the final title cards of the film, where two observers celebrate the happy ending of the film: “Gee, but this is not so Romantic!” And the other replies: “Romance, nuthin! These are moving pictures! ”Screenwriter Anita Loos (Anita Loos) made a similar conclusion from another film, Wild and Woolen, in 1917. Both authors helped to change the role of their professions in business and art. <br /> <br /> Some photos of Tourner and John van den Broek are good, especially in the film industry. The use of mirrors in several scenes is a good confirmation of the film's self-reflectivity. In addition, editing is exceptional. The rapid contraction during studio scenes is particularly noticeable; it serves to emphasize the hard work of filmmakers, especially then.
