Riff Randell is a wild, obsessive rock band fan; Ramones and most other students in school. But the new tyrant of the school principal, Ms. Togar, believes that rock and roll has a bad effect on students, especially on the music of The Ramones. So when Riff finds out that they are performing in the city, she misses classes for a couple of days to buy tickets for herself and her friends. But when Ms. Togar finds out why she really took that weekend, she confiscates the tickets. While this is happening, Tom Roberts is completely in love with Riff, but Riff's girlfriend Kate Rambo feels the same way about Tom. But Riff looks only at vocalist Joe Ramone and hopes that he will come to this concert to play her song. <br /> <br /> Have fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, that's right. "Rock and Roll High School" is not distracted from the main topic ?? noisy, dirty noise! It was not what I expected, that's for sure. Everyone who participates in this trendy project looks as if he is having a great time, and his relaxing nature shows on the screen the energy that gives such a luminous spirit, which makes it an invaluable experience. This does not mean that I think that his art and plot are as meaningless as possible. But, watching this passionate, crazy trip that develops into some good, harmless jokes, I just could not wipe the grin from my face. It's tasteless, very cheesey, thickly chaotic, but damn funny! <br /> <br /> This low-budget b-grade feature from producer Roger Corman and John Dante, who co-wrote the script (and besides, he shot several scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized on the last day of filming) , this is a wonderful respect for the terrific films of the 1950s: they follow fruitful clichés and throw a teenager mark of rebellion because of the gap between their generations and adults (who always know better). These features may not be entirely fresh, but they do attract attention because of the dynamic, pleasant handling. The film has only one thing to go bang! And they succeed. Provided by The Ramones, who play themselves. In fact, you could say that this is one big trendy video clip, so how is it all about the Ramones? well, anyway, for the most part. I see a lot of dissatisfaction with The Ramones acting ability. They are musicians, not actors, which means that the point is not that they play here, but that we have to dig music. They are here to perform! Which, they deliver in this front with some bang ass tracks that have filled the film to create a fully elevated atmosphere. Especially their bright concert performances. The buzzing soundtrack also included some killer tunes from other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these springboards combined well with a carefree feeling, and even the result was quite good. Especially in the scenes with the participation of Ms. Togar with a score that captures the right mood that surrounds her thinking. The playful mood of the film is a lot like a rollercoaster ride with such a fast pace between electrified melodies and funny episodes, ranging from scattered routine exercises and ending with sometimes clever, mocking dialogue. As a good measure, a lot of light and heavy jokes were added, which seemed to me very pleasant, and this gave him such a wide range to express himself. <br /> <br /> What else gave the film an additional impetus was supposed to be the divine PJ Soles (better known for her playing in Halloween), which gave such a spectacular performance as peach Riff Randall. Other exemplary performances were Day Young, as the extremely sweet Kate Rambo, Vincent Van Patten as the awkward Tom Roberts and the heroine Eaglebauer, whom Clint Howard played superbly. In addition, some of the top Corman’s regulars popped up with magnificent performances of Mary Voronova, who did an excellent job with demanding Ms. Togar, who was pushing her unfair supremacy towards students, Paul Barthel as Mr. McGree and Dick Millar's little supporting role at the end. picky, but it fits well with the material, and these characters have a certain prettiness, but we completely despise Mrs Togar and her idiot observers. <br /> <br /> There is no beating bush here when I say "Rock and Roll High School" - an intoxicating whistle of joyful time!
