It was a very good film, and it is completely unfair to judge him, not taking into account the time of its release. There are some films that do not age, but this is clearly outdated. However, I saw this film when I was small, and for more than twenty years both images in this story were unforgettable for me and most of my friends, until we could appreciate it again on DVD. In fact, I remember this film as a topic of several chats and meetings, where the old guys talked about what we have in common. Therefore, there was a bit of frustration and even sadness when we finally had a DVD. First, there was a theory about how naive our generation was. Secondly, I think there is something more. I would like to point out that there is something in this film that should be of interest to all modern cinematographers, especially those who focus on the genre of rotting horror. This is a mutilation, an idea that gives consistency in the film; the fact of injuring a person gives rise to a deeper horror than death and torture. I remember how awful that feeling was when the monster pulled out Kurt's hand. And in the end; when the creature bites the doctor by the neck to take a piece of his vein. Another great thing is the painful atmosphere that prevails without fading in intensity in all scenes, regardless of whether the action takes place in a secret laboratory, on a lonely street where a man in a car is looking for a woman’s body, changing room, changing room, and so on. Maybe the reasons why he is no longer a good movie are just technical things. For example, at the scene of an incident and a person who saves the head of his bride may be interested in more accurate work done for another and modern director of the second division. The same with all the battle scenes, including the image of Kurt's hand. In addition, something can be done with the help of monster makeup. Some remakes were good; I think that in this case the attempt would have been worth the time. However, black and white tones should be retained.
