The brain that did not die was considered so disgusting in 1959 that it took several cuts and a passage for three years before it was released in 1962. Today it is difficult to imagine how anyone could take it seriously even in 1959; this thing is both ugly and obscene, but it is also incredibly preposterous in a very bumpy manner. <br /> <br /> This story, of course, concerns a doctor who is an experienced limb transplant experimenter - and when his girlfriend died in a car accident, he rushes to her secret laboratory. With the help of several telephone cords, a pair of clips and something very similar to a shallow baking dish, he brings her head back to life. But is she grateful? Not unlikely. In fact, she seems to be very angry about all this, especially when it turns out that the doctor is planning to attach her head to another body. <br /> <br /> As it happens, the doctor is picky about this new body: he wants it created for speed, and he begins to travel around frustrated women on the city sidewalks, visit strippers, attend beautiful body contests and hunt for models with a cheesecake in search of talent, which will raise his eyebrow. But in the laboratory, the head developed a chemically induced psychic connection with another of the doctor's experiments, which is so disgusting that it is hidden from view in a convenient laboratory cupboard. Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and evil lab help, get revenge on the doctor and save the woman whose body he craves? May be! The protagonist Jason Evers plays a fraudulent doctor, as if he is being given a huge dose of a Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, the unhappy head, squeals and giggles, despite the fact that she has no lungs and, perhaps, no vocal cords. Busty kids spinning under the incredibly tasteless music, the actors make irrational changes of characters from line to line, the dialogue is even more meaningless than the plot, and you need a calculator to add meaninglessness. Overall, “The Brain That Will Not Die” seems even more unintentionally ridiculous than the Ed Wood film. <br /> <br /> Directed by Joseph Green actually manages to keep it all in fairly good condition and look at. In today's film it is easy to highlight the scenes that influenced later directors who, no doubt, saw this thing when they were young and impressionable, and could not cope with it. The cuts made before the production was released were lost forever, but the cuts made for television were restored in the alpha version, and although the quality of the sound and the film is not too great, it is worth remembering that they probably were not all that good for starters. <br /> <br /> Now, this is one of those films that you either find incredibly boring, or wildly funny, depending on your point of view, so it’s very difficult to give a recommendation. But I’ll say this: if your tastes are the same as those of Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you need to fix it Come now! Four stars for one stupid quirkiness! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
