There are two films that I will always love. The first in 10 years, for the first time I saw "Star Wars" with my younger brother. Close second sneaks into Halloween at Tripple Plex with my good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween made me gasp, speechless and completely scared. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. After 15 years, he leaves the mental hospital and returns to Haddofield to destroy it again. He notices Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy elder who loves to look after children, and begins to chase her. Her parties across the street are killed, one after another, when Michael builds a plot to get her. Ironically, the young boy she arranges for Halloween is afraid of the “Boogeman” and can see him outside. During the murder, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasant) works hard to find Michael before he reveals his rage. He has no evidence, no evidence, just a hunch, which he must sell to Sheriff Brackett (Charles Cyphers). As the plot unfolds, you have a film driven by an unknown, instead of cheap thrill. Alfred Hitchcock once said: “You may have four people at a table playing cards, and they do not know that there is a bomb, and it will work. This is a cheap thrill. However, put four people at the table who will discover the bomb and discuss what to do about it - then it will not work, then you will have uncertainty. "Director John Carpenter brings this advice to the limit on Halloween. The audience will see how he is outside, watching , stalking his victims. We are choking. He will kill her? When will he kill her? Then Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses obscurity instead of special effects that usually give off blood. There is not enough blood in this film, but it still scares. One of the best scenes - Michael raising B ba from the ground. He takes the knife back when he throws out the moonlight, then he leads it. All you hear is a loud knock, and then the audience sees Bob's legs fall lifelessly. Carpenter was the first to use the advantageous position with killer scenes. These are also peaks of our audience. What will he do? What’s going on in his head? Finally, Carpenter’s expertly insightful account adds tension. Moreover, the tandem script that he did with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops characters we care about. Teenagers are not "crazy parties", but simply go through rebellious fear of teenage wasteland. Finally, in this low-budget thriller "B" there is a decent game. Nick Castle, playing "Form" (Michael), adds something to the crazy killer. It is cold, merciless and without any pathology. Moreover, the person does everything the same. He kills only trapped or trapped. He divides the victims into parts. He also relies on brute force. And this used mask (William Shatner's bleached mask) creates the impression of something that has neither soul nor emotion. While Pleasure is melodious in his imperturbable monologues, he encounters someone frightened, desperate and determined. It made me wonder if he was a modernizing attempt to explain evil. However, the jewel of the crown is Jamie Lee Curtis debut. She plays Laurie as someone scared, but also determined and strong, who resists. The end is the one that left me in a daze. It was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that cannot be stopped. Films like Star Wars have the advantage that they can be enjoyed many times. Halloween and other scary movies, however, have no such advantage. So, if we could erase our minds for the first time, when we see the film, to feel it new and fresh again, Halloween would be the film I would choose.
