As I mentioned earlier, the 1978 classic John Carpenter is one of the first two films that I remember when I saw and was heavily influenced (the other is classic Conan the Barbarian). It really scared me that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, with whom I eventually became friends (an imaginary friend) so that he would not kill me in a dream. Now this is a terror for a 10 year old child. <br /> <br /> This is a horror classic, and I’m sure that my humble review will not be worth it. The most surprising thing is that the film still works, perhaps not in a guttural reaction, but rather in a cognitive possibility or an immediate subconscious. This all can happen. He is not in the area of ​​impossibility and is not in a foreign country (since most of the modern horrors are, for example, Hostel, Touristas, Wolf Creek, Saw, etc.). From time to time this is graphic, while the rest is conveyed to our imagination. I believe that it is this element that makes people frightened or, at least, afraid to go out at night with a signature soundtrack still alive in their head. It still works because we can replace implied or tertiary killing with something more horrible that our minds can create. In this way, we ourselves contribute to our own fears and anxieties. <br /> <br /> Carpenter weaves a simple story about an ordinary, middle class, suburban and relatively soft child who snaps at Halloween and kills his sister. He then spends the next 15 years in an institution (which, fortunately, we don’t have) just to escape and return to his hometown, the notorious Haddonfield. Along the way he kills and kills. The child's name is Michael Meyers, although he is not a man. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the perceived security of the middle class suburbs. In the bastion of American security, chaos can still strike. <br /> <br /> Michael stopped being the man who was killed. He is not a serial killer, not a man or a psychopath. He is like an unstoppable force. A universal jumpsuit, Shatner's snow-white mask and the absence of any dialogue, except for some breathing, help to dehumanize and complete the process of generalization of Michael. This is the source of all his strength. He is faceless, speechless and unremarkable except as a source of merciless chaos. Cinematography (postcard effect), lack of information / motivation / explanation, and narrative experience of veterans Donald Plaisens (Dr. Loomis) help. His unrivaled performance and anxiety sells Form. This is also the first performance of the film by Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, an innocent girl who holds back chaos in the face of stunning differences (at least a little). <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first film from this new horror film niche (“Black Christmas” was released 4 years ago), it is the most successful and does not decrease when viewed. If you haven't been scared by horror movies for a long time (like me), this will probably cause the hairs on the back of your head to tingle the first chords of the original soundtrack. I highly recommend this film as a horror film, which is a must see, and as one of the pinnacles of John Carpenter’s career.
