I have to admit, this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The unique way that John Carpenter directed this picture, opening the door to a lot of mocking genres, he will cool you to the bone, whether it is your first viewing or the fiftieth. The sound, the terrible horror of Michael Meyers and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis give this film an instant cult status and a great start to an independent era. I love music, I love characters, the familiar, but frightening environment, the simplistic nature of the villain, and the random chaos of it all. In this first film there is no point or reason for killing, giving us an idea of ​​the true nature of Michael. Is he insane, or in some sense just a very brilliant beast? This question can never be answered, but Carpenter gives us 100% or more loyalty to this amazing masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is a master of horror. Although lately his films were not of the same caliber that they once were (see “Ghosts of Mars”), Halloween began his career in his career. This is his final movie. While he was releasing other great people, I will always remember this film as a film that made me turn on all the lights, beware of the nanny and check behind closed doors, because you never knew where the evil would come next. Carpenter has this amazing ability to lead you into the world in which he weaves. With his camera, he places these images of Meyers in the places you least expected, giving you the impression that the killer is next to you. I liked all the scenes in which we panicked, and Michael looked into the distance, not noticing anyone. It was scary, but absolutely brilliant. I liked the scenes in which Carpenter pulled your scare out of almost thin air. So you will go about your business when suddenly this horrible mask appears from nowhere. Like the characters, you also thought it was just a trick, but that’s what Carpenter gets, and it’sn’t. Michael is not a ghost, he is a man (or, at least, we think so), but he has stronger mental abilities than most of the main characters. This leads to some really dark themes and unexplored symbolism, but even without that, it's a creepy movie. <br /> <br /> Then, if you just didn’t have enough Michael, who just evaporates in the windows of your house, Carpenter adds this scary musical theme. I still keep the piano keys in my head, constantly wondering if Meyers is looking at me through the window. Carpenter found the perfect combination of visual fears and frightening sounds to predict what might happen to our unsuspecting victims next. It is deadly, and it is made with refreshing originality and more unique thrills than anything released by today's Horror Hollywood could muster. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air at the height of what could be a harsh horror year, with actual fright replaced by Paris Hilton, you know that the quality is not exactly the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the murder in this film is terrible and frightening. Using a clown mask made me shiver in my spine. The way it was taken with this elongated shot using a child’s mask, as if it were our own eyes, is still one of the best horror discoveries! This completely sets the tone for the rest of the movie. You have a babysitting theme, you have a childish behavior that accompanies Michael throughout the film, and you have Carpenter's artistic talent in one person. I could literally spend hours talking about this movie, but instead I would prefer to watch it again. It is worth repeating the visit many times! <br /> <br /> In general, I think this is one of the most outstanding films in cinema history. Skip all those foreign films that think they are going to risk the face of movies, leave it to Carpenter’s limited budget and slasher genre. This unique film has redefined a whole generation of horror films, and still continues to influence modern horror films. The deadly combination of a truly frightening killer, powerful cinematography of events (which usually doesn’t matter much in horror movies) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis are exactly what makes Halloween this movie above the rest. Of course, Freddie is cool, and you sympathize with Jason, but Michael is real, he is concerned, and he craves for the blood of nannies. What could be better? <br /> <br /> Rating: ***** of *****
