Halloween is not only the godfather of all slasher films, but also the greatest horror film! John Carpenter and Debra Hill created the most intense, creepy and scary movie of all time with this classic chiller. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this film that he inspired many imitators, such as Jason Forhey (Friday the 13th), Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). So, I'm a little confused, but it just shows the impact this film has had on the whole horror genre. The monster no longer needed to come from King Tut’s tomb or from Dr. Frankenstein’s laboratory. It could be created in cozy little suburban suburbs. And that night when he came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the audience will never be the same. There are many aspects of this film that make it the crown of horror films. First, it’s the setting ... it happens in what seems like a normal suburban area. Many of us who grew up in such a field can easily identify with the characters. This is a type of neighborhood where you feel safe, but if trouble starts to mature, no one wants to lift a finger to intervene (especially when a breathing madman tries to push our young heroine.) Together with the setting, the movie happens for Halloween !! The worst night of the year! While most people do wood carving, Michael Myers hopes to make some amateur toys. In addition to the situation, there is a great game. Jamie Lee Curtis does a good job as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a high school girl with two sneakers, who never seems to find a date. However, this is Donald Pleasant, like Dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. His image of a good doctor who knows exactly what type of evil lies behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels compelled to send him to hell once and for all, is a horror legend. Nonetheless, it is precisely the evaluation of the synthesizer that really drives this picture, since it seems to almost put the viewer in the film. As soon as you hear it, you will never forget it. I also like the grain of this picture. Nowadays, they seem to sharpen the image of each film, giving us all the possible details of the monster we should be afraid of. In Halloween, John Carpenter never allows us to take a full look at Michael Myers. It always seems to him that he is part of the shadows, and I think this is what makes him so terrible. There are many scenes where Michael is partially visible because he is spying on young teenagers (without their knowledge), which adds to his eeriness. If you think, some idiot can watch you right now, and you won't even know about it. Unfortunately for our teenagers (and, fortunately, for us horror fans), when they find Michael, he is not looking for candy on this Halloween night ... he is looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers himself is a key element of the effectiveness of this film. His relentless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him seem like a killer who will never stop. He is a frightening person who will haunt you for the rest of your life. So, if you have not seen this film (if there are some of you who have not seen it, or even if you have it), take popcorn, turn off each light, insert it into an old DVD and watch, fearfully, Trick or Treat!
