I just recently went through a stage in which I wanted to understand why the horror films of the 90s cannot hold a candle in the horror films of the 70s and 80s. I was very public in this forum about the abominations of such films as "Ghosts" and "City Legend" and the like. I feel that they (and others like them) do not know what real horror is. And it bothered me to such an extent that it made me go to my local video store and rent some classic horror movies. I already have all Fridays, so I rented the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original Nightmare on Elm Street, Jaws, Exorcist, Angel Heart, Exorcist and Halloween. Now other films are classics themselves, but it’s here that I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is perhaps something that no other film in the history of horror films can do, and it uses subtle tricks, tricks that do not rely on blood and blood, and he uses them to scare you with living daylight. I was in the same room with the lights off, and no matter how stupid it was, I wanted to look back and see if Michael Myers was there. Not a single film I have seen in the past ten years has done this for me. There is no film. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter made a low-budget film and scared a generation of viewers. He showed that you do not need budgets of 8 or 9 digits to cause fear among the audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what actually happens, but what should happen. What was that shadow? What is that noise upstairs? He knows that these are ways to scare someone, and he uses every element of a horror textbook that I think you can use. I even think that he invented some of his own ideas, and it should be the ideas that people use today. But they do not. Nobody uses lighting and details for provocation, they use special effects and rivers of blood. And this is simply not the same. You cannot be frightened by a giant special effect that makes loud sounds and jumps out of the wall. These are the moments when the killer is hiding somewhere, you just don’t know where, it scares you. And Halloween succeeds like no other film in this endeavor. <br /> <br /> In 1963, young Michael Myers kills his sister with a large butcher knife, and then spends the next 15 years of his life, silently locked in an institute. As Loomis (his doctor) says to Sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to call him, and then another seven years to make sure that he never leaves, because what I saw behind these eyes was clean evil. insane and ruthless idea of ​​the killer, who will stop at nothing to get what he wants. And all he wants here is to kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill her, but he does. (Halloween II continues the story quite well) <br /> <br /> What Carpenter did here is an obsessive assessment, a deceptive lighting technique, as well as the writing and staging of a masterpiece of horror. There is one scene that needs to be described. And this is the scene where Annie is going to pick up Paul. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then does she realize that she left her keys in the house. She pulls them out, returns and inadvertently opens the car door without using the keys. The audience understands this, but it does not. She is too busy thinking about Paul. When she sits down, she notices that the windows are fogging. She is puzzled and begins to wipe the fog, and then Myers strikes from the back seat. This is such a wonderful scene, because it pays attention to details. We know what's happening, but Annie is not. But it was the insightful observations made by Carpenter that frightened the cinema audience in 1978 and later. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses blurry images of the killer standing in the background, with ominous shadows sliding across the wall, dark rooms, eerie and haunting music, an ominous story pursued by Donald Plesans, and a threatening, inexorable killer. My advice to filmmakers in our time is to learn Halloween. This should be black for what scary movies are. In the end, Carpenter followed in the footsteps of Hitchcock, perhaps the director should follow him. <br /> <br /> Halloween personifies everything that scares us. If you are tired of all meaningless horror films that don’t know the difference between evil and attractiveness, then Halloween is a movie worth seeing. It will not fail. I like being scared, I don't know why, but I know. But nothing frightened me in the 90s, except maybe for one movie (Wes Craven's last nightmare). If you like frightened creatures, then Halloween is what you should see. And if you’ve seen it a hundred times, go and see it again, with a movie like “Urban Legend”. Urban Legend will make you lure all the pretty faces in the film. Halloween will make you freeze with fear, stuck in his place, not wanting to move. Now tell me, which horror movie would you prefer to watch? <br /> <br /> And if you look at the Zombie version, it will make you appreciate it much more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie killed his version, but this does not detract from the brilliance of this version.
