Watching fire and ice for the first time reminded me of my experience of seeing 300 last year. It was not a bad film at all, of course, not the middle one, but its plot and dialogue looked ordinary at best, and confusing and one-dimensional at worst (which, perhaps based on the Frank Miller comic, was the right decision to go with). But his main strengths were based on intense actions and bloody battles, and also on the fact that 14-year-old feeling forcing men to fight in bloody sword battles, sometimes with strange creatures or super-hot women, accompanying the beautiful surroundings. Although I’ll probably look again at Fire and Ice to 300, they both caused a similar feeling — this time, of course, the exception that Frank Frazetta, the notorious paperback artist and designer of countless books and comics, collaborates with directed by Ralph. Bakshi, which is not typical for Hollywood, but for fans. <br /> <br /> What does this mean for today's audience, which is going to watch the film for the first time (now it may be desired) Nostalgia for those who were young and watched it with their VHS recordings “Owners of the Universe” are possible cons, mentioned earlier, and maybe you will see something unique. “Fire and Ice” is not even the only feature of Bakshi with a rotoscope, but perhaps it’s the smoothest — if not my personal favorite — one of the few that he did, and he and his team create a whole amazing world that is prehistoric, partly The fantasy from this world is partly medieval, and everything is tinted by the artist’s hand regarding the background, the sky and the earth. In this aspect of character design, there is a slight drawback for Bakshi fans; Bakshi went so far as to say that this is more Frazetta than he. This may be true, but it does not make it more exciting for the eyes or curious in those moments when we do not see people killed or gutted in fast or slow motion (my favorite was a brief skeleton guide - how they roto, which amazes me ). <br /> <br /> I neglect the description of the plot, as he cannot really recommend it. If you are already diligent about this style and approach to animation, the plot will matter depending on the extent of the two warring factions, or the “maiden”, or the princess is in danger, or the hero has to prove himself or the poison of poison, so suffice it to say that it is “Fire against Ice” with characters named Necron and The Dark Wolf (the coolest man of all and in appearance of comics) and Tiger (a typical beauty, which is almost * too * perfect for a teenage man). fantastic figure). As an asset, the plot makes a series of climbing and vague moments around the action, the progression of danger in the upcoming big battle, for example, when ogres hunt Tigers and are forced to fight with sudden crazy monsters. and creatures jumping out of tree trunks and lakes. And as usual for Bakshi, he conjures up some kind of madness (if not his usual inspirational insanity) in the midst of all this simple, fantastic material. If you have seen the Wizards, you will understand what I mean to a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> So, if you're an animation lover, look for it right away for some “old school” (i.e. 1980s) action and incredible design. For everyone else, this is ... well, not wonderful, as I would say unmistakably about its logical expansion of the 21st century, with some changes, 300.
