This delighted the audience at a number of film festivals, and it is not difficult to understand why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of the very good work of the three main actors, Xu Zhu as father, Master Liu; Kuanxing Pu as the eldest son of Da Min; and especially Wu Jiang, as the irrepressible and sweet younger son of Er Min, tells a story that will warm the coldest heart. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a man taking a shower in an automated cabin in the middle of Beijing. He puts some money in the slot, opens the door, removes clothes and puts some of them on the cleaning conveyor, enters the shower and brushes and splashes of water and soap as if he were a car in a car wash. It symbolically speaks of the future, and the old bath, which we will see in the next scene, is the past. Agricultural China gives way to industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Cultural Revolution hangover? The industrialization of the blues? Never. What we have here is a celebration of people, their kindness and love for each other, a celebration of good in the hearts of people. And yet I wonder how the Chinese government looks at this film. On the one hand, it clearly represents a pleasant view of China and its people. He is strictly non-political without express or implied criticism of the current regime. And yet there is the slightest feeling that the good old ways will be replaced by something that might not be so good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to just allow it to be. Tell a story about old people in a bathhouse, where they receive massage and massage, where they tell fairy tales and remember the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage cricket fights, where Master spy and a wise old man and his assistant will his son, who may be retarded or autistic, but who does his job with joy and an infectious spirit of fun and goodwill. <br /> <br /> Come back to the scene, the eldest son, Da Min, who is polished, well-groomed and silent. He is uncomfortable with what he considers the ingenuous behavior of his father and brother. He represents modern China with his tie and briefcase, his mobile phone and his education. He returned only because he thought his father was dying. When he sees that this is not true, he is packing his things and is going to return to his wife and his career. But then the crisis comes, and it was during this crisis that Da Min sees the value of the natural, people-centered life in which his father and brother lived. <br /> <br /> And Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new, and does it in such a charming way that I will not mind, especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed. One of his pleasant things that I miss in most films is how he selects the plots inside the big story so that they are decided before the picture ends. A regular sauna, which sings "O sole mio" in the bath when water is poured on him, to the delight of Er Min, discovers that he cannot sing in public because of fear on stage. Toward the end of the film, he loses his stage fright and sings thanks to some inspired help from Er Min. And the usual bath attendant who loses his wife, because ... well, he tells the story to Master Liu before admitting the true reason. But Liu understands, and again, before the film ends, the husband and wife are reconciled. <br /> <br /> This kind of “happy ending” is not unusual in modern art and international films or in almost any film made in adults. Some happy endings are so contrived that they confuse not only their inventors, but also their audience. And some are so brazenly indulgent that the public is offended. Here, however, the audience is delighted. <br /> <br /> Watch it specifically for Wu Jiang’s comedy performance, whose warm hiss overcomes any flaws his character may have.
