I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and went to Arizona, and I really enjoyed seeing the places where I spent so much time. I remember how, at the time, I thought that Barbara had more rock music (in fact, R and B - for my ears) was successful. I have never been a fan of Chris singing until his last effort for New West. Although as a songwriter and actor, he has serious chops, IMHO. I think this is a wonderful novel. I like it better than Judy Garland’s version, and I’ve never seen the original Janet Gaynor Selznick. <br /> <br /> I believe that they made some changes to this long-awaited DVD release. Among other things, I recall a helicopter shot that shows that the Sun Devil Stadium is longer and more dramatic. I wish they could write music for Chris better or, God forbid, put some of his original songs there. <br /> <br /> In this regard, I have information from the original source, which says that music was a problem for Chris and Barbara. During the interview for my new musical documentary, “Rocking the Boat: A Musical Talk and Journey”, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, a great singer / songwriter / guitarist who has close professional and personal connections with Chris, Bonnie Wright and Delbert McClinton among many others. Stephen was in Speedway, a group of characters from John Norman. It was very difficult for Chris to turn what was essentially a pop score into something that could pass for rock. Stephen was and remains a friend of Chris and a longtime member of the group. There was tension on the set, and at some point the band barked at Chris in the presence of Barbara. She noted that the group should not talk to him like that. Chris came back to the fact that they were his friends, and they were rock and roll! In the end, Barbara came to her senses and decided to use the live performances of Chris in the film and emphasized the role of Stephen in making things work. Hearing this story, I gained even greater respect for her as an artist. Much of it is made as a diva. That she is a professional. And I'm not gay. Not that something is wrong with that.
