The blockbuster during its original release (it was the second largest box office film of 1976), the third adaptation of A STAR IS BORN has always divided critics and fans. The film, openly frankly negative reviews, however, the picture with a budget of 5.6 million dollars. The USA has brought more than 150 million dollars. At the box office and received an Oscar and five Golden Globes. Not without irony, that the most commercially successful Streisand film will also remain the most controversial. For every ten fans who claim STAR is the best Streisand film, there are always ten more who claim to be the weakest film in her filmography. Although both sides have some reason to support their claims, it should be noted that the seventies “Stars are born” remain one of the most touching and very exciting dramas in show business that Hollywood has ever created. For my money, this is the best version of the often told story. <br /> <br /> The film is very enjoyable and exciting. Changing the environment from the old Hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry was a great idea, and the script creates a realistic contrast between the romance of the characters and their careers. This is the main area in which the 1976 A STAR IS BORN version actually surpasses the classic predecessors. For example, a movie is especially successful when it presents face-to-face personal and professional difficulties during recording and endless phone calls that interrupt Christopherson’s writing attempts. This version of the story is also more believable in the depiction of the main characters. For example, the female guides in the two previous versions were so virtuous and selfless that they became holy. On the other hand, Esther, the leading woman in this version, is portrayed not only strong and passionate, but also flawed and contradictory. It makes her feel more “real” than the characters of Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland in previous films, and makes the story much more effective. <br /> <br /> All the performances are aimed, even if some of them are not well-developed supporting characters. If you are looking for an actress / singer who can pass a fine line between hard and vulnerable, without making yourself look like the notion of a script, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few movie stars who can make even the most banal dialogue fresh and natural, and, as usual, she manages to establish a strong emotional connection with the viewer. Simply put, her Esther is a fully realized, three-dimensional person. Chris Kristofferson may not get much respect for his relaxed testimony, however, he is always an interesting watch and demonstrates magnetic charisma here, which he rarely shows in other parts of his career. Christofferson actually received rave reviews at the time from NEWSWEEK, TIME and even from the usually wicked Pauline Kehl from New York. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also provide believable views, but both have a fairly minimal amount of screen time. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack for the film was also a huge success: it won first place on the Billboard Hot 200 and was sold four million copies in the US alone. Streisand's “Evergreen” (with lyrics by Paul Williams), undoubtedly, one of the most beautiful songs in modern pop music, led to an even later life on an absolutely incomparable vocal performance from Streisand. The rest of the original songs of the film (mostly written by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are also pretty good, and Streisand sounds fantastic - her live solo numbers remain in memory long after the rest of the film has disappeared. Streisand's lively performances bring to life the “Woman on the moon” and “With one more look at you” and make even more stupid numbers, such as The Queen of the Bees, work much better than they are entitled to. Christofferson's solo numbers sound a bit incompetent, however, it could be intentional, since he plays the singer in decline. <br /> <br /> Although in some ways it is naturally dated (it definitely reflects the decade in which it was created), the seventies take on the “STAR OF BORN” is still surprisingly good. The film is well-assembled and smoothly shot, the chemistry between the presenters is very powerful and always seems to be genuine, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the final, which are both very effective. In conclusion, “STAR BORN” not only entertains and excites, but also surpasses all criticism.
