Thirty years after its first release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally comes to DVD in a package that should please the most loyal fans of Barbra Streisand. This also applies to me, since I just saw her singing at a concert among other numbers, the feminist hymn "Woman on the Moon" from this 1976 film. Easy to disregard, the film’s polarization career is such a strong pile of Hollywood-style cliché that variations of this exist in other films, including Streisand’s own “Strange Girl”. This time, returning to the contemporary contemporary music scene, the story, lost in time, follows the self-destructive rock star John Norman Howard during his deep dive into his career, as soon as he meets singer from the club Esther Hoffman, who is waiting for her big break. <br /> Trouble is pursuing their courtship from the very beginning, as John Norman (please, both names) reacts to the fact that their fans and bloodless DJs perform random acts of violence (from which he inexplicably avoids prosecution) . John Norman Esther is his last chance at happiness, and, in turn, it attracts initially decent, creative musician under the facade. In the key scene of the film, he gives Esther a big break at a charity concert, and her career begins to grow. Inevitably, he cannot cope with the failure of his career in the light of her rapid success, and if you are familiar with any version of this story, you know everything else. Directed by Frank Pearson (although Streisand’s directing talents are clearly on display), the film still manages to attract me, although I know that he is shamelessly far-fetched and manipulates. Despite numerous shortcomings, he still has a certain emotional resonance. <br /> <br /> Although Strasand in her prime seems to be the ideal choice for playing with a rising star, her screen persona is simply too strong and predetermined to play Esther reliably, the same can be said about her performance style the script seems to take into account its softer material, oriented on the adult modern, which will be adopted in the rest of the world of the arena of rock. From the moment she lifts her head as the middle of Oreos, she cannot but look like a recognized star. I can forgive an omission simply because she is an unmatched vocal talent, but what becomes less forgiving is how she makes Esther sharper than acute when John Norman's grief becomes irresistible. This creates a strangely uncomfortable dynamic in the last part of the film, when it becomes less about what caused the climate event than the reaction of Esther to it. This is limited to a continuous eight-minute close-up of her memorial presentation - great, except when she unfortunately imitates John Norman’s style closer to the end. <br /> <br /> Christofferson, on the other hand, gives an excellent presentation throughout, controlling the level of honesty that justifies the film and makes palpable his attendant feelings of love, pride and resentment towards Esther. In this context, he is doing his vodka-soaked work on the stage. Otherwise, what always surprises me in this version is the fact that all the supporting characters are relegated to the background, as if they do not exist if they do not interact with the two principals. The only ones who register are Paul Mazursky as the balanced manager John Norman Brian and Gary Busey in the role of his cynical group manager Bobby. Veteran cameraman Robert Surtees provides a good cinematic effect, although the print retains grain. A big seller at one time, the soundtrack is a jumble of different styles from the 1970s - some songs are still pretty good (“Everything”, “Woman on the Moon”, “Watch Carefully Now”), some switched to kitsch (“Queen Bee”, “I believe in love” by Kenny Loggins and, of course, the inevitable “Evergreen”. <br /> <br /> The DVD transfer to 2006 is clear and the sound is very clear thanks to digital remastering. Streisand’s involvement is her full-length commentary. She gives insightful information about the film’s origin, castings and problematic posts. She’s also sincerely frank about the delusions of grandeur of John Peters, her boyfriend barber who produced the film, and her dissatisfaction with director Pearson. I just wish she could provide more comments on a particular scene that are directly related to on the screen. She also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when she is struck by her mood, for example, for the third time it becomes tiresome to hear how the person playing with the chauffeur was a friend of Peters. I think the second commentator could pull other nuggets out of her. <br /> <br /> There is a test clip for the wardrobe, which shows funny clothes from the 1970s, especially a blended Christopherson poncho and an orange polyester shirt. There are also twelve deleted scenes included in Streisand's additional commentary. One of them is a comic scene with baking bread that reminded me how much I love Streisand in comedy comedies. The other is an extended scene in which she plays "Evergreen" on the guitar in front of the surprised Christopherson, who then falls asleep. The most interesting is an alternative approach to the musical finale, which includes quick cuts, which, I agree with Streisand, should have been used. Accordingly, theatrical trailers for all three versions of “Stars are born” are also included.
