I've always been a huge fan of James Bond! I have seen almost all the films except “Die, but not the day” and “The world is not enough.” Graphics for everything or nothing is breathtaking! Voice talents ......... WOW! I love Pierce Brosnan! He finally Bond in a video game! HE IS CONNECTED! I enjoyed past Bond games: Golden Eyes, Peace Is Not Enough, Agent Under Fire and Night Fire. This one is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (can I call him Mr. Brosnan as a sign of respect? Yes, I can!) He was phenomenally exciting when he was heard in a video game ....... ON MORE! SPIRIT! I saw him speak with Robin Williams, and let me tell you that they are a great team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, wickedly handsome (I mean evilly, in a good way) and just one of those actors you would like to walk up to, hug your arms and hug, saying “Pierce Brosnan, thanks for being James Bond:“ If if you weren't, I would not know who James Bond is. ” He is a great actor! I'm a big fan of Willem Defoe, although I have seen him in several films. His role as Nikolay Diavalo was brilliant. (Did I spell the name of the character correctly?) LOL !!!! He copes with the accent. Sometimes I don't even hear the accent. I saw Willem, I mean Mr. Dafo, who starred in two films: “Finding Nemo” and “Spiderman” with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! IT'S ON! In any case, He never ceases to amaze. And Richard Kiel, wow, he definitely got the role of Joe. I saw him in the film, and he's awesome! Actually, my grandparents met Mr. Kiel, and I was jealous when they told me. But Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of Celebrity I want to meet. John Cleese was breathtaking. I have never seen a better man playing the role of a wizard and a gadget creating Q! Mr Cleese was fun! I saw him working with Pierce Brosnan in Golden Eye and Tomorrow Will Not Die. He is cool! John Cleese's most recent project is “Shrek 2,” starring Mike Mayer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) GOOD LUCK 007! Oh, yes, and as Q always says, "Grow 007!"
