Do not get me wrong. GoldenEye was revolutionary and definitely the best FPS game based on the 007 franchise. But the series fell into the FPS track. Enter "All or Nothing" that puts Bond in a third party. When I wrote my previous review for “From Russia with Love,” I finished FRWL and just started EON and appreciated EON a little bit harshly. Despite the fact that FRWL definitely has an advantage in nostalgia and captures the essence of the film's franchise, EON definitely surpasses in terms of comprehensive control and diversity of the gameplay. Missions range from standard running and shooting to driving an SUV, driving an Aston Martin, driving a limousine designed to explode, control two different types of tanks in the “GoldenEye” style, ride a motorcycle, fly a helicopter, push down the shaft, protected by laser triplets , and freely falling after a falling maiden. Of course, driving a little awkwardly, but the problem is diversity. <br /> <br /> As in the movies, GoldenEye and FRWL are all I could hope for. But the original EON storyline adds a sense of control over the adventures of James Bond. This is helped by an impressive list of actors Willem DeFooet, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese replay their roles in the M and Q films respectively, and Pierce Brosnan, although not Sean Connery, adds credibility to the game process. All characters are like stars, except for the disappointing Heidi Klum, who in the game model does not cope with the real model. Mya's theme song is on par with at least some melodies on the Bond big screen. <br /> <br /> The game also pays tribute to some old Bond films. The character of Willem DeFooe is a former colleague of the villain Christopher Walken from the movie “The Look at Murder”. Richard Kiel appears in the role of Jaws, a clumsy minion from “The Spy Who Loved Me” and “The Moon Trader” in three battle scenes, the first and the best of which are the same as in the movies. <br /> Single-player gameplay mainly consists of standard pedestrian missions, such as Bond. Like Bond, you can choose to use stealth or go out with glittering weapons. The game provides many opportunities for the use of stealth, with a large number of shelters on the walls and objects. Unfortunately, unlike FRWL, only one button in EON controls both crouching and sticking to the wall, so Bond may eventually bend down when he should look around the corner, and vice versa. The game also allows players to switch to Bond reflex mode. While you are viewing your inventory, everything around you goes into super slow motion, allowing you to analyze objects around you that you can interact with. Although it takes some getting used to, this mode will ultimately allow you to perform many exciting “Bond moments”, for example, shoot down a chandelier to remove four heads, and greatly enhance the Bond movie feel. <br /> There are 3 available difficulty levels: Operational, Agent and Double Oh. At Operative you can get through in a few hours. On agent, a few weeks. On the double, a few months. The difficulty level can be changed for each individual mission. Getting good results in missions will unlock gold and platinum awards and give effects such as vehicle upgrades and scarce outfits worn by Bond girls. Some missions can be extremely unpleasant due to the lack of checkpoints, but when all is said and done, no mission is longer than a single action scene in a Bond movie. <br /> <br /> A multiplayer game, unfortunately, is not so exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multiplayer mode among all the Bond games. The basic multiplayer mode of EON is a co-op mode in which players responsible for smaller MI6 agents perform a less important mission than Bond. In this mode, you can unlock a more standard third-person death match. But the single player mode is the most complete Bond experience to date. The end, as in most Bond games, is anti-climatic. While the final mission is one of the most aggravating in the game, the latest confrontation with the villain is disappointing. In addition, the levels that require Bond to be fast become largely a matter of trial and error. However, for any serious Bond fan, not playing this game is tantamount to skipping one of the Bond movies.
