I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I wasn't so good at singles), so you can say with confidence that I look forward to everything Cameron Crow gives his name to. I went to see Vanilla Sky, where I was told that it was a very strange film, and I probably wouldn’t like it if I was expecting something similar to other Crow films. Well, just seeing this, let me say that the first was right, and the second could not be more wrong. This is a very strange film, and in fact nothing comes to the end. Anyone who tells you that they have seen that he goes halfway to the cinema either lies to you or cannot take his eyes back from his memory. In any case, the film was stellar, and I look forward to it as soon as the DVD comes out. I was touched by the film and felt emotionally spent to the end. This is an experience that will attract from the viewer the whole range of human emotions, if the viewer allows him to participate in the plot. In the theater in which I was watching the film, there were more than a few people who clearly lost track of the film and became bored when they found that they could not return to the plot. I am sure that others simply do not have the ability to properly track any movie like this one. I do not mean that it sounds pompous, but some people are more prone to the genres of Seagal, Chan, Van Damme, and these are the types who probably don’t like this film. It is very cerebral, so make sure that you are prepared for a two-hour mental distortion, as well as for big thoughts after that. <br /> <br /> As for comparing this film with other Crow films, it is very similar to At least in all Crow films, the soundtrack is a character in itself. This is almost certainly due to Crowe’s long-standing connections with music, as is well known to anyone who has seen “Almost Famous,” and with his marriage to star Heart Nancy Wilson. It is also worth noting that between the actor Tom Cruise and the director Crow there was a certain chemistry, thanks to which the film seemed familiar to everyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, this is not bad. <br /> <br /> In any case, if I had to compare this film with any other film, I would say this: if you liked “David Fincher’s Game,” you are almost certainly a Vanilla Sky fan.
