How strange is the human mind; this center of activity, where the perception of reality is shaped and stored, and in which the view of the world depends on the finely tuned functioning of the brain, this is the most subtle and intricate processor of all sensory things. And how much do we really know about his inner work, his depth or ability? What in mind allows us to distinguish between reality and sleep? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is nothing more than an impression of what we actually see, just as we see a picture of Monet, in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. This concept was visited by director Cameron Crowe in his creative film “Vanilla Sky” with Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruise in the title role. At the age of thirty-three, David Eames (Cruise) inherited a publishing empire left for him by his father. However, his fifty-one percent controlling stake made him something outstanding, since there are seven members on his board of directors, and everyone considers himself more worthy than the young Mr. Eames from the lion’s share of the company. And kindling of fires of discontent causes them to feel that David lacks focus on work. <br /> <br /> Admittedly, David loves to play; nevertheless, he controls the business and does what he sees fit, whether the board likes it (he calls them "The Seven Dwarfs") or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly. But during a magnificent birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall), warns David that seven are gathering something behind him. At the same time, however, this is the last thing David thinks; He had a casual affair with Julie Gianni's friend (Cameron Diaz), but even this fade into the background when he meets a woman at his party, which he cannot get out of his head. Her name is Sophia (Penelope Cruz), and knowing her only for one night, she becomes a key part of his life, which is about to be turned upside down, because in the morning after his party he makes a decision that will change his life forever. And he is going to find out that sometimes going back is simply impossible. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe created and released much more than just another film with this film; Vanilla Sky is much more than a movie. Starting from the first images that appear on the screen, it represents a visually stunning experience that affects both the internal and the brain environment. It is a mysterious mystery that will devour you and sweep you away emotionally, it is haste - and this can lead to exhaustion, because for this you need to make some effort. But it's worth it. Remember `Memento 'with a rock'n'roll soundtrack and a vibrant attack of colors created by an impressionist stroke. There is darkness and light, and sounds that pound and pound until you feel blood flowing through your veins and pulsing in your brain. And everything was played out against the backdrop of virtual reality, circling under the ever-expanding vanilla sky. Simply put, this is a real trip; it is fascinating - and it is a perversion of the mind. <br /> <br /> With regard to the performances here, those who cannot overcome the thinking of Tom Cruise as Maverick in Top Gun or his Ethan Hunt. in “Mission Impossible”, or those who perceive him only as a “movie star” and not as an actor, will have to think again in the light of his work here. Because, like David Ames, Cruise gives the best results in his career, one that should check any doubts about his ability as an actor outside the door. Over the past few years, he has made some interesting career choices, with films such as Magnolia and Eyes Wide Shut, just a warm-up for the very real and complex character he creates here. And to give him his due also for the fact that he took on the role that dispels any sense of vanity; This is a cruise you have never seen. "Jerry Maguire" brought him the Oscar, and this should also happen, as well as the admiration and recognition of his peers. A cruise is not just great in this movie, it's great. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz turns into an outstanding, if not exceptional performance, as well as Sofia, the woman of David's dreams. There is a charming innocence that she brings to this role, which works well for her character and makes her upcoming and accessible, but she has not the slightest hint of a secret that could add this special “something extra” to the role. But Crowe knows how to get the most out of his actors, and he certainly did with Cruise. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely energetic in the role of Julia. She never looked better and rather hissed on the screen. But make no mistake, this is not “window dressing,” and Diaz offers a complete package with this character. In fact, the quality of her work can be measured by the impact that she has with a rather limited screen time. And it is this person whom she so fully unites with her innate beauty that makes Julia so unforgettable. Overall, Diaz did an amazing job. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (“LE »Man), Jean Carol (Woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). About halfway through, this may cause you to doubt your own sense of reality; but be sure, by the end of the “Vanilla sky” everything will unfold. This, of course, is a perversion of reality and wild; but this is an exciting entertainment that offers a pleasant and unique experience that you must see to believe. This is the main and absolute magic of movies. 10/10 <br /> <br />
