Someone (or something like that ...) leaves traces of punctures on the jugular fluid and depletes the victim to blood. Police Detective Carl Brettschneider (Melvin Douglas, before slipping out of the horror genre of a B-movie for high altitude) is puzzled by who ... or what ... is behind these notorious crimes. The village is in hysteria, and Carl is dependent on his trusted medical genius, Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atville, in another effective role of a mad scientist) to give some feedback on what could be causing the death of innocent people. He also fears for the safety of his beloved Ruth (cute Fay Rey, who is removed for the third time from Atville after “Doctor X” and “Secrets of the Museum of Wax”), who is Niemann's assistant. <br /> <br /> Dwight Fry steals the film like a pretty crazy village idiot who collects bats and leads crazy behavior wherever he goes .. It's easy to see why he becomes a suspect because local paranoia is at the limit of fever. Maud Abern provides the film's humor as the very naive (and easily influenced) patient von Niemann, who believes that she has diseases that she reads in books near the laboratory where he works. She is impressionable, and often von Niemann just makes fun of her and the constantly fictional diseases from which she suffers. Lionel Belmore returns as another funky, superstitious burghermeister. <br /> <br /> Crooked, static, but, nevertheless, quite interesting thanks to the cast. The film is obviously as low-budget as they are, but it doesn’t hurt the film, as it is quite well assembled by director Frank R. Streier and his team. I'm sure the movie print has seen better times, though. This is the type of horror item that you will find in a package with 50 other random cheeses and poverty programmers. The villain of the film ... and his motives for feeding an artificially created biological creature ... definitely give a different look at the Frankenstein formula. Many may be disappointed with the final results, because the film does not turn into a real supernatural story about a real vampire killer causing murder.
