In an effort to capitalize on the success of Universal's horror films, Majestic Pictures hired several popular actors from the current genre and invested them in this effort, which (actually speaking) is far from being so good. At the same time, it’s still worth everyone’s time, and it’s damn fun to watch, and, in my opinion, it’s better than most of what should be seen as horror these days! The story unfolds in the small German town of Kineshloss, where the bodies accumulate completely fused with blood and with suspicious punctures. Burgermister Gustave Schon (Lionel Belmore) shouts “They're Vampires,” but local police chief Karl Bretchneider (Melvin Douglas) thinks he's a mad man who is responsible, and swears to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER WARNING ***** Burgermeister and most city dwellers think that the local rogue Herman Glibe (Dwight Fry), who loves bats and often talks to them, is the whom they seek, and they pursue him until he falls to death. In the cave. Dr. Otto von Neumann (Lionel Atville), who created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood, is responsible for the killings, and he achieves this with some mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who comes out at night to collect blood. Dr. Otto has a cute assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Ray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maud Abern), but they have no idea what he has in mind, but over time Karl suspects one of the murders after Herman’s death . br /> <br /> Frank R. Streier was never confused with the fact that he was James Wale, but he was a fairly competent director who eventually shot most of the Blondie films in this series, and in this film he uses those the same sets of "Old Dark House", which was also filmed at the Wagon. I am the first to admit that this film is at times completely clumsy, but almost impossible to resist a film that has such an cast, including Fry, who largely plays his role in Renfield only this time when he became friends with bats, strokes them and keeps them in your pocket for safe keeping! One thing that simply does not make sense is the control over the mind that Dr. Otto has over Emil, because the film never explains this, and I had a strong feeling that it was a kind of hint to “Dr. Caligari's Cabinet” but on the other hand, this is probably the weakest part of the script. I noticed several other tidbits, including chasing Fry in large caves, which is obviously an early snapshot of the infamous Bronson Canyon, where many other films were shot, as well as Ray’s brown hair, which is her real color. Real horror movie fans will appreciate it more than others, but I think this is a fun movie that is worth watching for everyone and with such an attractive actor who is worth watching.
