This is one of the most undervalued masterpieces of all time, in my opinion, provocative, funny and sad, with amazing performances! All the characters are great, and the story is just great! Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Kerry are just awesome about that! The ending is very powerful, but I will not spoil it, and I thought that character development was at the highest level! Plus, you can really treat all the characters, especially Gini and Annie, since you'll be rooting for them! Plus, I liked how he moved slowly, and gave you the opportunity to get to know all the characters and what's going on there. I can not believe that there is only 5.9 points here, since, in my opinion, it should be much higher, and it was fun to see Randy Quaid in this role, plus it is very well written and done! One scene that I really got was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) was completely embarrassed by her mother for having a party, and there are also many amazing moments in the film, plus the dialogue is particularly excellent. This is one of the most misunderstood masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), evoking his thoughts, funny and sad, with amazing performances everywhere, and I say: go, look immediately! You will love it! The direction is fantastic! Adrian Line does a fantastic job here, with amazing camera work and maintaining the film at an extremely exciting pace! Act awesome! Jodie Foster is really cute and amazing as always! She was very pleasant, caring, had an attractive character, was tense in some scenes, was focused, and she and Chery Kerry were the heart of the film, like Gini and Annie! (Foster rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Kerry is very hot and amazing, I am very sorry for her character, since she had a very cute character who just needed help, she gave a powerful performance and created a very memorable character who was awesome! Scott Baio is great as Brad, he was very pleasant, and did his job well, I liked him. Randy Quaid is great in his serious role, surprisingly I liked him. Sally Kellerman is great as a mother, I really liked her. Marilyn Kagan and Candice Straw are both very good, like Madge and Deirdre, and did what they should have done well, like the other two friends. Laura Dern plays a very early role here, as it was great to see her, although not so much. The rest of the cast does well. In general, go look at once, this is an underrated masterpiece! ***** out of 5
