In essence, this is the same film as “House of Wax” - Vincent Price’s first real horrible film, released last year - but seriously, who cares, because “The Mad Wizard” offers just as much thrill, amazing scenery period, joyful 3-D effects, sublime acting performances and terrible horror tricks like its predecessor! “Never change a winning team” is exactly what writer Crain Wilbur had to think about when he wrote Price's character, Don Gallico, another exhausted soul besieged by fate and eager for revenge on those who offended him. Don Gallico is going to hold his first illusionist show in the role of Gallico Great, and plans to show the greatest magic trick in history; titled "Girl and Fashion Saw". Gallico's promising solo career suddenly collapses even before it begins, when his previous employer Ross Ormond appears on the scene and puts a contract under his breath, stating that all Gallico's inventions are the legal property of the company. The scruffy and implacable Ormond, who, by the way, also looted the once beloved wife of Gallico, removes the trick with the buzz and programs him into the show of rival Gallico “The Great Rinaldi”. Galiko inevitably snaps and sadistically kills Ormond, but ?? also being a master of masking creation ?? recreates the image of his victim and even begins to lead a double life. “Mad Wizard” is a funny and completely unpretentious 50s horror film in the style of the Great Guinoll, with many incredible plot twists (the hostess is a brilliant criminal novelist?) And a handful of fantastically grotesque dark moments (although they obviously lead reflections for the most part). Three-dimensional charms at the beginning of the film, such as a yo player and a dull stunt with water fountains, simply serve as a filler of time and sensation of the modern 50s, but looking at them is still fun and without means correctly contemplate them. The Mad Wizard is also interesting from the point of view of periodicals, since events occur around the time when fingerprints are beginning to be used as evidence, and the character of Alice Prentiss is an obvious reference to the well-known criminal authors of that era. There is no need to argue that Vincent Price remains the absolute most essential element of the triumph in this film, as well as in almost all other horror films in which this legendary man has ever starred. As no other actor has ever been able to achieve, Price portrays a tormented main character, who gradually descends farther and farther into mental insanity in such an indescribably fascinating way. You feel sorry for Don Gallico, but at the same time you are terribly afraid of him. You support his nasty acts of retaliation, and at the same time at the same time understand that his murderous fury must end in death. Vincent Price was just a brilliant actor and, in my humble opinion, the embodiment of the horror genre.
