I'm not going to lie. Even though I looked interesting, I watched The Infamous Betty Page because I heard (and it was pretty obvious just by looking at the synopsis or something about the movie) that Gretchen Mole was undressing in him. I have never been a fan of Maul, but I can not help but see an attractive woman taking off her clothes. Yes, it can be misinterpreted, but this is the theme and the ideal, central to the very essence of the film, and helps make the film much stronger than it probably should be. <br /> <br /> The movie tells about Betty Page. (Like) life from her days of physical and sexual abuse as a child in high school in the south and before her new life in New York. She wants to be an actress, but she also has to pay bills. After making a few seemingly innocent shots at the local beach, Page slowly becomes a model sensation and quickly moves from defiant photos to sexually provocative pin-up photos. <br /> <br /> I feel the shortness of the film (just over ninety minutes) - this is a curse and a blessing for him. On the one hand, the film never ceases to be desired. You will recognize Paige for a few short minutes, and then she immediately begins her modeling career and does not look back. But the film also curses it, because we never had the opportunity to understand everything that is happening. She seems to be jumping between model shots and the disputes that they create before proceeding directly to the main investigation of the Senate, which occupies most of the final act of the film. You just sit there and try to devour it all, and more just come straight to you. It seems that the filmmakers wanted to summarize too much material in a too short film. He asks for longer sequences and asks for even longer explanations. It does not feel in a hurry; he just doesn't feel there. <br /> <br /> Another trifle, albeit a bit curious, is the use of color throughout the film. Most of them are black and white, but bursts and color sequences often appear. But while it may have been made as a symbolic gesture at an early stage, it becomes something distracting, as it constantly pops up and then shrinks to black and white. The situation becomes confusing and more and more tedious intervention than anything else. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that he may mess around a bit with the actions, the film remains dead with its themes. Paige, whom I know almost nothing about, plays innocently, and her world is exactly the same. With the exception of a few shadow characters in her teenage years, everyone she faces is innocent, and everything she does has an innocence. I never thought that I would consider total nudity in the forehead as something different from vulgarity and depravity, but here it really is something to be surprised at. All at once, it is beautiful and innocent. Even the most sexually perverted moments in the film (albeit tame as compared to today's standards) evoke an innocent and angelic feeling. In the way Mol's naked body is depicted, there is something that it simply strikes with such a chord as the naked bodies in other films. It just seems so natural and so amazing that if there was any reason to watch a movie, it would be possible to see breathtaking images of the body Like her playing Betty Page. <br /> <br /> Another reason - Like yourself. Like Page, she illustrates that the southern beauty of the 1950s is known to everyone (or at least can be imagined). Despite her profession, she is still a normal person and still considers herself religious. Maul plays her in exactly the quantity needed to make this character feel genuine since the 1950s. She plays it with such factuality that it will be difficult for you not to think that Maul was actually Betty Page. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the cast has very few moments, and they are completely overshadowed by the excellent performance of Mol. None of them does anything particularly pleasant, and none of them have the same power in their role as Mol. This is not really the fault of the actors, but rather the fact that they have nothing to work with. Many of them are completely recognizable, for example, Oscar nominee David Strathairn (in a role that is too close to one of his best performances), Sarah Paulson (a recent Golden Globe candidate for Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip) and acting character Lily Taylor, but you cannot truly regard their performance as something other than normal. None of these characters is actually developed, and they actually just act as characters that Mole runs around in a circle when she is gaining momentum in her brilliant performance. <br /> <br /> Indeed, this film is worthy of being portrayed nude and for the great game Gretchen Mol Betty Page. Everything else is too clumsy and clumsy than it should be. If much work had been done on the development of auxiliary characters, and not just in plot, this film would have been a much better biopic. In its current form, this is simply the means by which Maul really rises into the stratosphere of popularity as an actress. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
