CRIMINAL PAGE BETTY Scriptwriter Mary Harron and Guinevere Turner Directed by Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, one of which was an alleged sin and the other is an intended atonement? Especially when this person eventually gave way to a split personality disorder, as if showing his point of view. If you're the director Mary Harron, feel free to show the push / push nature of The Notorious Betty Strange. You let the character drift back and forth between the healing forgiveness of God's power and the church and the seductive illusion of control and domination that Paget used during her years as a movie star model. At the same time, the audience is offered a complex character, which is moving forward because of the desire to leave its difficult past with the naive enjoyment of the thirst of others for it and the struggle to reconcile its image in the eyes of God. Come on time, it will no longer matter how much your eyes, because only one pair matters. <br /> <br /> Pictures are mostly in black and white (with some unnecessary flashes of color), DETAILS of Bettie PAGE are sometimes light, humorous comedies, which makes the film an enjoyable experience and also one that pokes fun at how seriously people believe in pornography corruption. But the thin hand of the director is more palpable in times of despair Paige. Harron is a sensitive, attentive director who does not give Paige numerous and destructive insults in the face of her audience. Instead, it allows the surprisingly effective Gretchen Mall, which plays the main role, the chance to drive the pain of your character into the viewer with fear in her eyes, exhaustion - her screams and shame on her skin. While most directors, perhaps most male directors, would find it necessary to show the heroine in painful postures, to establish the connection between the kinds of atrocities that were committed against her and where her life took her, Harron has too much compassion. to her character, her actress and her audience. Starting with fragility, Paige learns to trust people again, and the more photographers fall in love with her image, the more she falls in love with their admiration and control over her eyes. By the time her poses intersect with the world of soft S & M, she had found a way to combine her need for respect with objectivism, to which she had been used all her life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron Betty Page is a woman who craves control over her life and destiny, but in the end she is always told where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her choices was her own, she decides to accept God and preach his word to those who will listen. The true sadness behind this most important decision is that it still allows someone to lead it blindly; she simply believes that this direction will be better for her soul.
