Jodie Foster, Cherie Kerry (the former lead singer of the original same-sex rock band Runaways in her wonderful acting debut), Marilyn Kagan and Candace Stroh are uniformly believable, gorgeous and touching like a title quartet that are difficult - a tough clique of restless, fierce and devoted teenage girls with careless, careless, self-absorbed parents who do their best to grow up and stand up for themselves in the rich San Fernando Valley, California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, obligations, etc. At the tender young age, when they are not fully ready to fully recognize the potentially harmful consequences of these decisions. Foster, who has given one of her most insightful, impressive, and undervalued speeches to date, is basically the lair of the group that leads the well-being of both herself and others; she is particularly concerned about the kind-hearted, but reckless and self-destructive Kerry, whose sloppy hedonistic lifestyle makes her likely for a timeless end. <br /> <br /> This picture offers a sharp, insightful, often destructively trustworthy and careful study of broken, dysfunctional families that exist directly under the neatly groomed surface of the suburb, and the tragic net result of such families: tough, cheerful, but unhappy and vulnerable children who are forced to confront the trials and hardships of growing independently, because their parents are either too inattentive or absent. Adrian (“Fatal Attraction,” “Jacob's Ladder”) Line's direction is both harsh and observant, while Gerald Aires’s script is somewhat confused and clumsy, but overall it’s still accurate in its frank, tough, unsentimental depiction of your usual boys, dogs, nervously-painfully chaotic, capricious and unpredictable everyday life. The soft, tall, almost pastoral cinematography of Leon Bijou correctly offers a delicate and easily destructible sense of calmness and innocence. Giorgio Moroder has organized an excellent score that is particularly effective on Donna Summer's elegy "On Radio". The top-notch cast includes Sally Kellerman as the neurotic, unsafe, irritable mother of Foster, Scott Baio in the role of the sweet skateboarder guy, Randy Quaid as the rich older guy of Kagan, 60th British pop singer Adam Feith of the 60s as helpless in the role of helpless Adam Feit in the role of the helpless 60% promoter father Foster and Lois Smith as the suffocating, over-protective mother of Kagan. In short episodes, Robert Romanus (Mike Damon, "Fast Times at Richmont High") appears as one of Foster's sullen ex-boys and clumsy, wearing braces Laura Dern, as an unpleasant party member. Delightfully authentic, exciting and deeply touching (Kerry’s dismal fate is very heartbreaking), Foxes is simply one of the most unnoticed and undervalued films for teens shot in the early 80s teens.
