... but the cinematographer’s total mileage may vary in Harron’s stylized look at Mary “American Psycho” on the American sexual psyche as seen through the prism of the immortal Queen of the Curves, Betty Page. <br /> <br /> I will carry no one with the recitation of the cult status of Ms. Page, prim goodbye from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York hoping to be an actress and eventually becomes Slavery Queen of the Universe. I also will not go over the sketchy plot of the “The Infamous Betty Page” biopic, although I offer a high appreciation of the technical aspects of the film (the sequence of animated magazines covers instant pop-up thoughts) and the misuse of the period camera. in spite of this. Finally, I will not describe the timely applicability of the themes of the film: innocence and perversion, freedom and control, sacred and secular; they are there for the viewer to devour if they want. The more things change, the more they remain unchanged, as the saying goes. <br /> <br /> For a moment, I'll tell you about the great performance of Gretchen Mol in the role of Betty Page. Truth be told, Maul's face almost doesn’t look like Betty’s face, nor does she look particularly like Betty (although only a fool would deny these beautiful breasts, not a fool, me!). She doesn't even wear a thick, dark bush that hides Miss Page's most intimate spell, but the fact remains: The pier thoroughly embodies the spirit of Betty Page in every way, in any form or form. This is the “return” of bravura from an undeserved half-light. I never met Ms. Page (and, unfortunately, I probably never will), but I ate photos and videos, read all the biographies and interviews, bought trading cards and other odds, and to be honest, I was eager to miss Page since I first discovered her in adolescence between the covers of dusty teasing magazines in a hairdressing salon and five and ten cents. Maul perfectly reflects the essence of a woman, because I came to her to understand her, without a pun, in what I consider an Oscar-worthy presentation. Liv Tyler would never be able to compare with the bright characteristic of the Mall for a million years, and I, for one, am grateful that she left the project. Not that I didn’t mind seeing her completely naked, I hasten to add, but I can’t imagine that her sense of sensuality could turn into Betty Page's innocent abundance. <br /> <br /> “The infamous Betty” Page ”is not for everyone, nothing more than slavery and discipline. I suspect that it will be much better on the disk than in theaters; Legions of devoted Paige fans and curious people will take care of I can only hope that the DVD will be filled with enough Betty additions to show the uninitiated just how well the work of Mol is done. <br /> <br /> Besides this, the tip of the hat is to an excellent supporting cast, especially Lily Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Clow, whose photo b The celebrity’s success was Betty’s door to immortality. <br /> <br /> A final note for a young scribe who thought that Miss Page had no influence on his generation: Take a close look at Madonna’s tapered bra and come back to us. Betty Page, you know whether you are it or not, the real godmother of fetish clothes. Without her, Madonna and the rest of her relatives would never have been able to exist.
