The film can become a mirror to see the world in a new light. For example, Good Night and Good Luck offered parallels with modern judgments without evidence and harassment of freedom. The moral issue is easier to explore when it is not too close to home: putting it in a fictional or historical context, torn from our immediate situation. With pornography, we consider ourselves “enlightened” and our ancestor to be hardened by strange ideas — usually involving fire and sulfur, but determining what is obscene can easily fall victim to ignorance and unscientific interpretation instead of evidence. Betty Page was a cult icon of the era, which included not only McCarthyism, but also a ban on comics (such as “Stories from the Crypt”) on the grounds that they turn young people into semi-insane juvenile delinquents. This film, created on the basis of key issues raised in her life, poses dilemmas that are relevant today, as in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our movie begins with two key scenes. First, we see well-dressed, respected men in a poor bookstore. One of them asks for photos of women in strange boots and they are held back, and then turns out to be a police officer under cover, who leads the sting. The second scene shows Betty Page, who is waiting to be called as a witness, looks rather modest, as if she had just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are black and white. The old-fashioned effects of the film, such as erasing and fading, reinforce the feeling that we are watching movies of the past years, as the casting manners do, skillfully recreated scenes of the 1950s, modern slang phrases and concise dialogue related to the creation of a film from the film. period. Archival footage often overlap - which will please many and annoy others. In accordance with its theme, the film is almost a collection of various types of photography in motion, and the old videos of fabulous beaches and sights combine well with Betty’s classic postures and return to the era of Health and Nature magazines. , although I admit that if you are not fascinated by this story, the effect may seem a bit choppy. <br /> <br /> Very soon we will return to the memories. Betty avoids the depressed life in Nashville during the years of depression, animated only by church singing and soul salvation, and goes alone to go her own way. After her initial success, her modeling work falls into two parts: the main glamor work, focused on her overly rosy smile, and photographs of “specialist interest”, including dressing in high-heeled boots and light bondage. At an earlier audition (reminiscent of the scene with the character Naomi Watts in Mulholland Drive, also called Betty), she gives an idea full of emotions that contrasts with her usual lively, fun (but ultimately soft) daily work. expression of the day. Part of it still not done? Betty is often denied auditions as soon as they realize that she is a famous pin-up girl. But we were never asked to feel sorry for Betty Page: her abusive childhood was quickly referenced and passed through; when she is raped by four guys from her native city, we see only a threat, and then Betty recovers and survives, rising in a deserted forest and putting on the bold face of someone who refuses to lie down and die. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that there is no nude here, these are special photos of Betty, which ultimately cause problems. When we return to court, the cleric’s views on the corrupt influence of such photos are taken as evidence. The psychologist authoritatively describes how photographs lead to "suicide, murder, and psychosis" in young people who are exposed to them (presumably not in that order). In the end, the star witness explains how his son’s life ended because of such photographs - “to be“ like ”.” It is not clear how “binding” leads to death). The text accompanying a series of photographs of Betty in the magazine tells how she was forced to endure “terrible torments” while the fetish was restrained (viewers know that she really found them quite ridiculous and that the wording, like the photos themselves, was purely dramatization). After a 12-hour wait, Betty is told that her testimony - she is the only one who can finally say that she was not photographed in agony - “will not be needed”. “Horror” in the photos proved. <br /> <br /> If all this reminds of the dark ages that we left behind, consider the recent (2003) incident in which Anne Summers advertising was banned. It said: “go to your local store for fashion and passion” with a photo of the woman’s back. She is wearing a bra and panties, and behind her are handcuffs. The lingerie and sex toy company, which targets women consumers (and also supports charitable organizations fighting domestic violence), said its ad is aimed at "giving women sexual confidence and always showing women control their sexuality. " It can be concluded that the prejudices and ignorance of the investigations of Betty Page still retain their relevance. <br /> <br /> Betty’s religious views are an integral part of history, just as the concept of sin is an integral part of Christianity and contributes to the “forbidden” nature of sexual enjoyment often prevails in Great Britain and the USA - in contrast to the more factual approach in continental Europe. It can be argued that the formulas of sin and redemption and "salvation" are even reflected in mating patterns that perpetuate traditional male domination. A police officer who shows a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to Betty outside the courtroom, offers to "save" her from loneliness. A knight in shining armor may be knightly, but he also assumes that a woman needs salvation. <br /> <br /> Love or hate it, “The Infamous Betty Page” is an unusual and unusual film, and a moral awakening for those who listen to it. There is a great ensemble game, and Gretchen Maul, like Betty, is remarkable for the fact that the whole film succeeds or falls on its powerful performance.
