First, I heard wonderful things about this film, not least among the retro / vintage scenes and stocking lovers who absolutely love Betty Page, and this did not disappoint. Filmed in very pure black and white with added colors for key scenes, the film gives a documentary on the youth and career of Betty Page. <br /> <br /> I didn't know a lot about Page. First, there was gang rape, later - her early attempts to develop an acting career, and then glamorous pictures, first with a club of photographers inhabited by men who cannot get enough of her, and then with Klaus, Paula and Irving, who, despite that takes pictures of bondage and fetishes, looks like a very nice and friendly person. If only modern pornography makers looked like that, perhaps better porn would be the result! For the most part, the film is not a diatribe against the evil of pornography, and an attempt to show the situation that existed in the 1950s for those who produce fetish and nude photos of women. This environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way, because it meant that there was not a single “saturation” effect that we have today when it comes to pornography. It also turned out to be much less abrupt. Paige looks like a person who enjoys his work and seems not to be humiliated by it. In many of her photographs, she was seen bound and gagged (and trying to carry on a conversation), swinging a whip in a big way, thus disturbing photographers who took pictures of her and seen in films about the girlish bondage of the 'initiation style' that looks rather tame compared to with the hardcore stuff that we have now. <br /> <br /> Paige never became an actress and instead threw a movie star, when she was thirty, to play "Jesus Christ." Her faith in God and Jesus never disappears, even when she is bound and gagging, she still insists that God gave her the "gift" to do "it." Seeing this film, I became more aware of Paige and was sensitive to her modesty, beliefs and behavior. She is one of a kind, compared to the clones of blondes identifiable-kit we have today, and someone who can actually say: "Does life exist after porn.
