Although “The Infamous Betty Page” is well played and shot, this is, at best, the version of Betty’s “Cliff's Notes”. Basically, the film is about her work with Irving and Paula Clow, a team of brother and sister, who produced most of her most famous photos. It does not detail her life after posing, except for her religious revival. He quotes Richard Foster's The Betty Page as a source, but ignores the later years of mental illness and Betty’s imprisonment in a mental hospital. The narrow focus of the biography can be discussed, but most Betty fans and "civilians" would probably be more interested in her modeling career, and that is what they get. <br /> <br /> The film is well-played with Gretchen Maul, truthfully reproducing Betty’s look, as well as conveying the sweetness that her photographs exuded. The character is played as a rather naive, likely by-product of an interview given by Betty in recent years. More likely, Betty knew about the nature of her photographs, but rationalized them as acting skills and costumes. <br /> <br /> The cast is also great: Chris Bower and Lily Taylor play Irving and Paulo Klaw, and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film is wrong with the character of John Willie by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Betty Page and did not participate in photo shoots with Claus. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his more depraved state. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of acting, the film is a bit disappointing in terms of depth. The story is rather superficial, and we never feel that we really know Betty. Like her photos, it's just an image. This tends to exaggerate Betty's fame. Her photographs were mainly seen in and around New York, in a very narrow market of underground and cult publications. Her real fame came after her photographs were reprinted in the late 70s and 80s, and the "Cult of Betty Page" (as it was usually called by letter) grew. Betty's biggest exposition (sorry for the pun) was in Playboy, which appeared in the January 1955 edition (New Year's photo, which was shot in reverse in the film). <br /> <br /> The film is well-made, albeit rather shallowly, He is able to keep the interest to the end and shows many wonderful ideas. He strikes the heights of Betty’s life, but ignores many details that would give him much greater depth. The ending is rather let down. It seems pretty sharp. However, the film is definitely worth seeing to anyone interested in Betty, or even a period of time. The soundtrack is great, really pulling the viewer in the 1950s. If nothing else, the film is a demonstration of America’s burgeoning sexuality and a clash with its Puritan past. This is also a look at the icon for men and women.
