I had a vague idea of ​​who Betty Page was, partly because of her appearance on the very tiny days of Playboy (apparently when she took a picture of her and her Santa hat, she just didn’t know what magic was). It was). The film, co-author and director of the American psychopath Mary Harron, quite well reveals the key moments of her life. The southern beauty of the churches has some unpleasant experiences, and they leave them to look for better times in New York, where she enjoys modeling business, and from there even more. Soon it becomes an underground sensation, with unwittingly obvious (and “notorious” from the name) trait attributed to it. Actress Gretchen Mall portrays her, and as good as she could, she loses the spirit of this woman, which is in fact a great success of the film. She is not a simplified character, even if sometimes her ideas about morality are dubious (“well, Adam and Eve were naked, aren't they?”, She comments on a couple of times). Apparently, the creators of the film forget about the last years of Paige’s life and leave with her in a peculiar period of redemption, leaving behind him photo shoots for Jesus. <br /> <br /> In general, “Notrious Bettie Page” is not so much more than the usual bio-photograph presented by HBO films, although this time with an endurance to release a feature film. The best scenes that Harron shoots are Paige in her “dubious” positions, where she takes pictures of her in incredible poses and starred in absurd films of whips and chains and leather uniforms. This adds much-needed comic relief to the usual nature of the film. The point is not that the story behind it is uninteresting, and this is due to the government’s investigation of the “dirty dirt” that has emerged from such photographs and clandestine magazines. But not much time is spent exploring what is simply hinted at, with Paige and her difficulties, her relationships or sex and the fifties. It all looks very neat with a black and white image, and sometimes it seemed that Harron was promoting some black and white photos that would be more toned as they progressed. This is a watchable presentation if you are not very knowledgeable about Bette Page, and probably also for fans.
