I liked it ... just like that ... I liked it, not like in the animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that it makes it less attractive is that we are all trying to compare, not evaluate, but this cartoon was awesome, but he really didn’t like it very much. Too many people say that Bruce is so cold, but if it happens in about 5 years, any of the gangs fighting crime will get such an evil and gloomy attitude, so for me this is not a disadvantage. Batgirl was awesome, she really did fit there, since Dick Grayson was no longer like a Robin, Batman needed a good teammate, not like the new Robin, he is just a child, and you cannot rely so heavily on a child. But that didn't work: the new job ... it's not terrible, but ... for me it doesn't work in the series like Batman. This is a dark character, with a killer maniac such as a joker, so you can't put this art form in this cartoon. The joker is not a bad design, but I still like the last joker (but for me the BEST joker was ever the one who appeared in Batman: the joker return), so this joker is not so good. The good thing about the joker is that he still marks the voice of Gamil. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I'm in love with her). They released a terrific episode for her: Mad Love (for me, the best episode of this series). Here we will finally find out how she turned to Harley Quinn, and how the joker distorted her mind, and you can feel the atmosphere that you feel in the animated series, darker, without a happy ending, a fierce fight with a joker (but too short) this is how it was supposed to be the whole series. But in general, I didn’t like how she did Harley on this series ... in almost every episode they put on funny, but in a funny way, they beat her, say nonsense, make flaws ... make it funny so you can laugh with her, not with her ... and here they make it funny (as I said the only episode where I don't think it's crazy love and beware of lianas) So overall this is a good series, it has its advantages and cons, a draw could be better (MY GOOD !!! THAT WOMAN KILLS !!!!) good sound effects, nice music, good TVOC and good episodes: my favorite, Mad Love, millions Jokers Old wounds, Sins of the Father and the cold comfort. If you like Batman: TAS, you can watch it, but not specify too much, on the other hand, if you haven't watched TAS, look at it first and then watch TAS so that you really love TAS: D
