If you were not there, then, unfortunately, this film will be for you indifferent. Which, as I say, is a shame, because, although some actions are amateur, it is intended for realism. Let's face it - in real life, we do not say things in a demanding or perfect way, even when we want. In this sense, it works. This, however, does not apply to our "famous" actors in this film, in particular, to Jodie Foster (born natural). The fact that the other 3 girls have not reached perfection only adds to the story — Jody plays glue that fights to keep their friendship close, even with an obvious sense of death. This means that no matter how close friends are, after all, some people just disappear, no matter how hard you try. <br /> <br /> This is the essence of the film. This is not about parties, not about sexuality, but about these 4 girls and their last time, when they were still young, before they had to go alone in the world. <br /> <br /> If you have ever had such a friendship your life, you will feel this film - it will mean a lot to you, no matter what era it is in, or what age you grew up. We all knew these girls at school, or at least knew about them. We all knew the upset virgin who half wanted to keep her childhood and half wanted to grow up and think what she would do for her. We all knew a madman, a fashionable plate, whose vanity hides her fear of the world, her fear of acceptance. We all knew the party girl she whispered about, telling not only about her sad family life, but also about her notorious exploits. And we all knew the "mother figure", a little more real, a little more mundane, a little more sad, because she knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Maybe, like me, you were every time at one time or another ... <br /> <br /> This film really reflects that fragile time in life when you want, need, pressure, femininity, childhood, peace and loneliness is all embodied in the head of every woman, every factor on the precipice. What aspect do you hold on to? What do you throw over the edge, no matter how you can hold on? And how painful is it to say goodbye to everything you knew? This is what kind of movie it is - walks into femininity, clinging to childhood, and how damn difficult it is to keep going. If you were there, you know ... and love this movie, like me. It hurts and is gently done. Beautiful piece of captured femininity.
