As a low-budget enterprise in which directors themselves produce and distribute DVDs, we probably should not expect too much from Broken in the form of discs. And yet, what is most remarkable about this achievement is that there are enough add-ons in this release to discredit James Cameron's DVD and a definitely good presentation. <br /> <br /> As regards the latter, the only serious disadvantage is this Broken one comes with a non-amorphous transfer. Otherwise, we get a film in the original ratio of 1.85: 1, which does not demonstrate technical deficiencies and looks as expected. Indeed, given the practical approach of Ferrari to creating this disc, you can largely guarantee such a fact. <br /> <br /> The same can be said about the soundtrack. Here we offer both DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​mixes, and although I'm not sure which one should be considered “original,” the fact that Ferrari participated in both cases, neither should be considered as the lowest . Indeed, although DD5.1 ​​can offer more viewing ambience due to the way it uses counting, both are equally good and lack technical drawbacks. <br /> <br /> With regard to add-ons, the disk is positively overloaded with them. Take a look at the sidebar on the right side of the screen and you will see numerous comments, many features and various galleries. Indeed, considering how everything was broken into small pieces, and not compiled into a long documentary, there is practically nothing to discuss. For example, “Anatomy of a Trick” is exactly what it claims, and the same applies to the rest of the parts. Thus, we receive coverage in almost all aspects of the preparation, production and post-production of Broken. And although, perhaps, it would be preferable to find them in a more easily assimilated general "creation", so we get easy access to any special function that we may wish to see. <br /> <br /> Of the various pieces, then, perhaps, only comments that require some kind of discussion. Again, there is also a predictable broadcast for each of the chat tracks. The one in which the actors are involved is too joking and does not take the film too seriously. Ferrari pieces are incredibly enthusiastic in all of this. And the technical ones are, well, extremely technical. Of course, we also get some crossover with what was reviewed elsewhere on the discs, but in just 19 minutes none of these plays got their approval. Indeed, in general, a good package of add-ons.
