After The Snare's fame, it is unlikely that a further walk for Hanzo would be better, and this does not violate this expectation, but this is a wonderful film that is neatly located between a fun but dirty first chapter. and a terrific second in terms of quality and overall entertainment. The script comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallels with The Snare, as well as the expected hi-jinki movie Hanzo, but the film voiced pleasant little changes in the formula, enhancing the character's mood, and also gives the film a quieter, reflective edge. The film begins with the helpers of Ganzos, frightened by the ghost, and usually he decides right away that he needs to have carnal knowledge about this ghost. It turns out that the ghost serves as a guard to steal stolen coins, and from this scheme a story unfolds about theft, corruption and usury, with the expected cruel and slovenly results. Sintaro Katsu is terrific, as expected, as Hanzo, who effortlessly acts as a deadly fighter and sexual force of nature, is equally good at the moments of learning humor and pleasant, almost an ordinary gentleman in moments of drama, this perfectly rounded presentation is filled with public conscience and a touching edge personal feelings. The comedy is also expected to be good, his moments with “Snake” Magobei are perhaps the most funny in the series, although his interactions with servants are more interesting than ever. Despite the fact that it is neatly loaded with pleasant moments, a large number of action and a slight despondency, the film loses a little from the relatively restrained approach. There are shades of both previous films, the plot, tempo and cunning resemble the “Snare Drum”, and when the film tends to meanness, it copes very well with powerful processing and a spectacular sequence of early interrogations. Likewise, director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially untidy scenes in a more experimental manner according to the less well-crafted work of Kenji Misumi in The Justice Sword, with consequences that are sometimes very pleasant as a person playing a melody on which, with close plans of his fingers, pulling the strings as unknown to him, Hanzo plows his wife, and sometimes weakens a little, like an orgy that comes down to a psychedelic whirl of limbs in motion, free from naked bodies, which looks like hundred confusing. Nakedness and bloodshed are usually minimized, which is very unfortunate, although there is one and the other, if a stronger approach would work better, this is definitely the film where coarse and unrestrained nudity and violence are most appropriate. But even at lower costs for the exploitation of goods, this is still very interesting material, predictable moments are accomplished with aplomb, and intrigue and excitement are more than enough, even some effective surprises can be circumvented. In fact, this is a film for fans, which plays on the basis of the work outlined in previous articles, and works great, if not spectacularly. Overall, the almost pleasant, albeit slightly erroneous, end of a delightful trilogy, the second of the best and worthy of attention lovers of such things.
