After the brilliant "Goyokiba" (aka "Hanzo Razor - Sword of Justice", 1972) and its excellent (and even more dreary) continuation of "Goyokib: Kamisori Hanzo jigoku Zemö (aka" Razor 2: Snare Drum ", 1973)) , this is "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban" aka. Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold is the third and, unfortunately, the latest release of an amazing saga about the incorruptible Samurai Constable Hanzo Razor Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Sintaro Katsu) who fights against corruption through his combat experience. as well as his enormous sexual abilities. Being a big fan of the cinematic genre of the 70s, filmed in Nippon, The Sword of Justice immediately became my favorite, and therefore I was more than ready to find sequels and full of hope when I stumbled upon them recently. Although this third film, Hanzo, is not as brilliant as its predecessors, it is certainly another great piece of cult film that no Japanese movie lover can afford to miss. "Who's Got The Gold" is a bit more tamed than the two previous Hanzo films, but it is just as brilliantly comical and rudely humorous, and immediately begins to be fabulously strange: the film begins when two Hanzo assistants see the ghost of a woman while fishing. Always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo insists that his assistants bring him to the scene ... If this is not a promising start for a terrific movie, I don’t know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my favorite actors, is again great in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written especially for him. Katsu I.S. Hanzo, a stubborn and fearless constable who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors, and whose unique interrogation techniques include the rape of suspected women. The women interviewed immediately fall in love with him because of his sexual abilities and the huge member he trains in a rather grotesque, ordinary ritual. I will not talk more about the plot of "Who Got the Gold," but I can assure you that it is as cool as it sounds. Supporting performances are also very good, and, as in their predecessors, there are many funny eccentric characters. Unfortunately, this is the last film in the surprisingly sloppy Hanzo series. If they had made another 20 sequels, I would love to see them all! The entire Hanzo series is gorgeous, and although this third part is a little inferior to its predecessors, it is certainly a must for all fans of the cult movie! Oh, how I wish they had done more sequels!
