L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The hypothesis of stolen painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old three-story Parisian apartment building. Inside, we meet with the Collector, an elderly man, who apparently devoted his life to studying the six well-known existing works of the little-known artist of the Tonnerra impressionism. The narrator reads various epigrams about art and painting, and then enters into a dialogue with the Collector, who describes pictures to us, shows them to us, tells us a little about the artist and the scandal that brought him to life, and then tells us that he is going to show it .... <br /> <br /> When he walks through a doorway, we enter another world, or worlds, or perhaps we stretch to the limits, to other possible worlds. The collector shows us through his seemingly limitless house, including a large yard full of trees with a hill; within these limits, 6 pictures come to life, or halfway to life, when he leads us through various tables and describes to us the possible meanings of each picture, the work as a whole, the whole secret story behind the pictures, the scandal, the people in the pictures, the novel, which, may have inspired pictures. And so on and so forth. Each room, each description leads us deeper into the labyrinth, and while the Collector and the Narrator deal with their individual monologues, they rarely adjoin dialogue, but mostly remain separate and different. <br /> <br /> I I watched it a second time, so strange, powerful and indescribable, and so hard to think or write. If I had guessed what all this leads to, it would be a sly satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. The indicator can be found in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scenes in which the Collector presents several asexual plastic figurines - in the second he also looks at the photos taken by the figurines that reflect the poses in the paintings - then he looks at his collection, which is now partially composed From versions of figures in full size. If we think about it too much and not just enjoy it, everything becomes just a faceless plastic ... <br /> <br /> Did I come to any definite conclusions about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé" or not? I can say with confidence that, outside of the early (and modern) works of Peter Greenaway, such as "Walking on H", I was rarely so keen on something so deep, so serious, so dense .... And in the depths soul, so naughty and fun.
