This project was originally conceived as a version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and this is not something new for Jay Chow, who made his debut as a character from another wildly popular manga Initial D. Along the way, it was decided to include a bit of kung-fu in the film, therefore the name, even if the idea was not very original, Stephen Chow's Shaolin Soccer, who came to mind with martial arts and ball games combined. <br /> <br /> However, and fortunately, those scenes where Kung Fu actually influenced the games were minimized and in Kung Fu Dunk, it’s really completely unnecessary because they do not add anything to the plot. and do not cause much excitement, and in most cases offered a bit of cheap laughter and remembered the time when Stephen Chow used kung fu in football games. Jay Chou feels comfortable in the role of master of martial arts Fan Shih-chie, as he had not fought the first time using martial arts (The Curse of the Golden Flower?), And under the guidance of stunt Ching Siu-Tung he was made to look really believable when he kills countless gangsters in the bar, as seen in the trailer, just so you know who's boss. <br /> <br /> That is why his character became a practitioner of kung fu, and for the fact that he justifies himself for being the best player able to shoot hoops from almost any angle. And with Eric Tsang as a little temporary trader Chen-Li, who sees his potential and becomes his agent, he enters the university to play university basketball, but not without the original objection of team captain Ting-wei (Chen Bo-Lin) and team star Xiao-lan (Baron Chen in his debut on the big screen). But you know that with team members on the same side, they soon join forces to fight opponents on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I will lay out my neck to say that this basketball movie is just like a goal was in football. Thanks to this charismatic characters, the sport looked good, despite the fact that there is so much composure and alienation on the courts. Here, special effects and a telegram were used to make the actors seem to be professionals who can take leading positions in the NBA league, and, frankly, they really looked amazing, especially when they imitate various movements and make combos. moves thanks to technology and stunt work. So actually kung fu elements don't have to be in the film. The stunt work itself can justify most of the movements, as they are fully justified for reality, only forcing you to believe that boys of average height have springs in their legs to jump to this height for a professional dunk. <Br /> <br /> It is a pity that the number of games was only a few, with time spent on many plots, but each of them was poorly developed and fit into the story, as and when they pleased. Things like the abandoned Shih Chieh’s aspiration to use basketball games to get his parents to attend, attend games that permeate gangsterism and influence him, and his love life with Charlene Choi in another role in a flower vase to just look good and do nothing more. Everyone behaves too cool, leaving little room for the main characters to add depth. One of the key topics here is awareness of the importance of teamwork, rather than individual talents and abilities, and this could be revealed much more strongly if the players themselves interacted much more outside of the field than on it and during competitive games, except for high - five and friendly passes. <br /> <br /> With a budget of $ 10 million, it’s easy to see where the money went — effects, in particular, a huge fantastic sequence at a crucial moment in the film. It’s pretty flawless, nice to watch and probably only justified by its quality, but again I want to emphasize that even without these elements the basketball trick itself will still make this decent movie with elegant basketball movements. And the fact that Jay Chou plays for his team is a big incentive for any hopes for box office success.
