The great Vincent Price shot many fantastic horror films, some of which are among the greatest genre jewels of all time. Without a doubt, the greatest achievements of Price were his films of the 60s with films such as the brilliant cycle of the poem by Roger Corman (the greatest horror cycle in history), The Witch General by Michael Reeves (1968) or The Last Man by Ubaldo Ragoni . on Earth "(1964), noting the main points in the career of this brilliant man. The films that made him famous and thereby made him the immortal icon of Terror, which he is, however, date back to the 1950s, with the House of Wax Figures" (1953 ), marking his rise to fame. “The Mad Wizard” of 1954 follows a plot very similar to that of its successful predecessor. This does not mean, however, that this film is not an original, delightfully creepy and absolutely beautiful gem. As you can guess from the above The first lines, Vincent Price is my favorite actor, and although I personally will not allow myself to miss something that was a man, none of my fellow worshipers of this man can miss this little gem. <br /> < br /> Price plays the role of Dona Galiko (aka Galiko the Great), an underestimated wizard of the magician and inventor of magical devices, whose boss, a vile businessman, stole his wife from him (Eva Gabor). When the boss takes away one of Galik's ingenious inventions and transfers him to his rival the Great Rinaldi (John Emery), Galiko snaps, and a bloody storm of revenge begins ... <br /> <br /> Are we not? Do you like Vincent Price when he takes revenge? Some of his most famous and greatest films, such as Disgusting Dr. Fibes (1971) or The Blood Theater (1973), were about ridiculous and delightfully horrible revenge killings, and this earlier film in his Horror career is another evidence that no one takes revenge like Vincent Price. This film offers a surprisingly eccentric lead role for Price, which, as always, demonstrates brilliant performance and guarantees 70 minutes of incredibly interesting and terrible fun for every fan of Horror. Another thing that my fans need to see.
