Lost is probably the best TV show ever made. the story line is clever, and when all your questions are answered in one episode, another 100 arise. If the lost person can continue his magnificent ways and not get too carried away, then he will become the best show ever. Survivors of the plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses its own unique threats. after reading this you think how interesting it can be? and here is your answer, every season SO FAR was always full of surprises, you always asked yourself why this just happened and what will happen every time, something very unexpected happens and the story continues SO SO! The series just pulls you in, it is frightening and very addictive, everything from great creators and directing to great performances of actors creates a very believable story. Lost is simply incredible, amazing, very interesting, at the highest level, television is at its best. How ever you want to put it. <br /> <br /> The “Lost Rhythm” of all other shows is a landslide. And if you hate or criticize Lost, you do not know how to watch TV or watch drama. Lost simply does not disappoint, you think that the series that has been going on for so long cannot continue to improve. But it is so! It just keeps flowing, it’s not like anything you’ve ever thought about. "Everything happens for a reason." And this is indeed shown in the series. In the end, you will reach the point where all the clues will be, and everything that has happened or is being done is added. You will feel and understand how the characters have changed and how and why everything happens. <br /> <br /> 10 minutes of excitement: you see something that you have not seen, something important happened to a character or on an island. Somewhere there is hope. You see a major turn that can or will change everything. You hear the outflow of your thoughts, you wonder what will happen next. Your heart is beating. 30 minutes of brilliance: you see impeccable scenes, increasing tensions, you hear the wonderful music of Michael Giacchino. You see great memories, an impressive game. You see the wit, the cold atmosphere, which then turns into tension. <br /> <br /> Everyone out there shows that they are also addicted, that they lack, that they admire every minute and may not wait for the next episode they are talking about 24/7. I, too, and many others is this series. Lost. As soon as you begin to look, you will not get enough. The creators have done an impeccable job. Lost is absolutely unique and original, you will not see anything like it. The smart idea "flashbacks and flashbacks" and something important and unusual in each season sucks your thoughts. Will they ever do a TV show like "LOST"? Something interesting and something that you will always remember. He just stunned the world when hit on TV. A new generation of dramatic / sci-fi. A bit of a classic before he addressed the audience. <br /> <br /> I’m sure you’ve all heard of the lost, and these are 5-star reviews, and your annoying friend, who will not stop telling you about it, so what’s stopping you from watching? <br /> <br /> Each episode leads to something new, and it never ceases to get better and better, each time you become more and more interested, you will find out that you didn’t even think on the island. Characters are starting to become very cute, and if you criticize you, you would like to see The Lost in more detail, for example, how relationships develop between characters and how they learn to understand and accept calls from the island. Collectively, this is a great drama and impeccable series. I believe that we all hope that the lost will not fall in the episodes that come and go far ... so if you don’t look lost, read the comment above again and you should change your mind. Seeing is believing, so unless you start looking, you will never know. I highly recommend this masterpiece series: Lost !! start watching !!! You have not seen anything until you look LOST !!!
