started working on this film when it was shot in the summer of 1990. Partly filmed on Biltmore estate in Asheville, North Carolina, and in the remaining portions in Winston-Salem. RJ Reynolds massive offices have been used in several office scenes and locations throughout the beautiful city, which is known as the tulip capital of the world, Winston Salem! I liked my work, although it was extremely difficult when I collected all the scenery, such as Mexican Golf, where René Rousseau and Jim Belushi went on a date. I also made great efforts to decorate the bar, where Larry meets the magic bartender Mr. Destiny. I attached all these pictures to the wall of sports heroes and decorated the telephone booth, where Larry makes phone calls for a taxi. I even put a picture of my mother at eye level so that I could fix it and show her when we looked at it. I remember how to paint the grass in his old house with green paint, because first it had to be faked (it was a new house in a new project, and I think they rented it for the film) .. then I had to cut this recently laid sod so that it looked good .. man it was difficult! As for the film, when we shot it, we had no idea what it would look like, but when I saw it, I fell in love with it, because it really tells the story “what if” as good as I ever saw including This is a wonderful life. I cried so many times. <br /> <br /> I can't count. I met a wonderful actor Michael Caine while filming scenes on the old Minor League football field, where Larry’s childhood scenes were played and played. I remember how, after he had taken a double, he returned to his trailer, I ran over to him and asked for a photo, but he was very kind and said: “Why not!” He is a good guy and a truly natural and strong actor. I can’t say the same for Jim Belushi ... he was so full of himself, he smoked big Cuban cigars and spoke loudly so that <br /> <br /> everyone who hears can hear his every word. His career has never been successful, but he recently had a decent television career. I would say, watch this movie if you have a chance. This is wonderful, truly soulful and real. You can feel the pain of Larry after he enters the new world, which Mr. Destiny gives him after the blow of Homer, and because he so much wants people to believe that he is not the bad guy everyone thinks he is there is. They all think that he belongs to a mental hospital! But in the end, he wins people, but by that time he wants so much to return his real life, especially his wonderful wife, who was played so nicely by Linda Hamilton ... and he wants to get his dog back! So take a look.
