Although the original version of 1932 with Preston Foster was good, there is no more worthy remake than this one of 1959, or more impossible to find anywhere else, just as I strongly suspect that Mickey Rooney has something to do with it. Never would any simple presentation have been so masterfully brilliant as a thought-provoking scenario, as well as an improvement in the original. Many years after the last of my several views of this film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney talked about the visit he made on death row, and which, apparently, very sharply excluded any sense of personal identification, which he had. " I felt with people in similar circumstances. This article was about as short as the main character, and did not touch on much, except for the extent to which his extreme disappointment with the quality of the prisoners was emphasized, even in a language that I would not like to quote here directly. One of my main problems with the death penalty is that, of course, it is applied unevenly, impartially, just as many innocent people are too careless and, therefore, unnecessarily sent to a meeting with this particular fate. Another problem I encountered is that it is not applied quickly enough or even publicly! In such cases, the Bible places particular emphasis on one of the most important goals, such as containment, ineffective shadowing, minus not only public viewing, but also the direct participation of all! As for those who claim to statistically prove that such is not an effective deterrent? In addition to the problems with the reliability of their data, I have little, if there is an objectively refuted doubt that many are now behind bars because of the absence of such a deterrent. However, I have a problem with the fact that Robert Duval in the “Apostle” was generally punished for his particular “crime” or that the only hope for leniency for a person like him would have to be based on a “temporary insanity” of protection if it served as the only acceptable excuse in his case. .. In addition to various other questions concerning the motives of Mickey Rooney for this particular visit, about which he spoke, and about the answers to which I can only try to speculate, I suspect that the main one was of a clearly religious nature. I do not know exactly when he became professing Christianity, now he puts special emphasis, when it is possible, to emphasize that he is; but, as anyone knows, this particular category of people are usually most eager for blood when it comes to extracting the eye for the eye. However, I have no particular dispute that, in essence, just as there is no doubt that, according to Scripture, not everyone, and perhaps not even the majority, will be saved by the same final fate from the hands of the Lord Himself, as a result of His sacrifice on the cross. However, for me there is a problem regarding the spirit or relationship with which most practicing Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for the death penalty; for contrary to the Lord Himself, who would like to see everyone saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (2 Peter 3: 9), they seem to be vindictively trying to find reasons for condemnation! The fact that most people, on both sides of this highly eternally acute problem, cannot adequately appreciate, is that the Lord is as dynamic and subtlely soft in nature as He is firm. The two sides of His nature seem so incompatible that they bring Him into a mental disorder, at least according to any strictly human calculation. And yet, no matter how awfully incomprehensible is this wonderful dynamic mixture of water and oil in His nature, there can be no doubt that anything besides this or something fanatical and characteristic with one or on the other hand of this equation, falls inadequately and unacceptably lack all judicial truth. In fact, I have seen how extreme thirst is also manifested, rather contradictory, in too many cases, when categorically opposed to the death penalty, even in the most rationally balanced way, face the fact that, although the Lord died for everyone, all thereby will be saved. In the end, in order to receive absolution, you must repeat the same term, reach out and receive it, that is, repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Can anything make more sense? But then how about the command of the Lord to forgive, even in the case of his enemies, those who despise and persecute you without a just cause or provocation? One of the overly common difficulties with this kind of sentimentality, as is usually misunderstood, is how it simplifies the real meaning of forgiveness too much. The act of forgiveness in and of itself does not mean the same thing as an unconditional apology for forgiveness. When a person takes a clearly sober, rationally balanced view here, from the point of view of God's own attitude, all that he really makes up is a fervent desire that the forgiven eventually succeed in finding his way, seeing the light and getting gift of mercy Such an attitude, of course, is exactly the opposite of, say, the attitude of Jonah, who was really indignant at this when God told him that his preaching to the people of Nineveh would lead to their repentance. Jonah did not want them to repent, but he vengefully wanted them to be destroyed. How self-assured, cool, like most professing Christians, he was, with the exception that even his reasons were undoubtedly better than those of most! I envy Jonah almost as much as I do! However, with the exception of repentance of forgiveness, any forgiveness that he can receive from a true Christian will not bring him any benefit. In this case, the only one who benefits is the real Christian himself!
