In New York, one person is superior to everyone else, perhaps the immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is the arch-defender of humanity, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival Kabal in chains so that he cannot enslave the human race. Well, don't you know that? The prophecy comes true, and Kabal is released and begins to collect elements (including platinum and uranium) for his experiments in alchemy. Can Mordrid defeat his evil brother with the help of a police woman named Sam? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me thanks to Charles Band from the full moon collection. I have not heard of this, which is a bit strange, considering that I am a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid), and the film is not that old. But now it is mine, and I can enjoy it all over again. The film is definitely fun in the classic Full Moon style. Richard Band provides the music (which is not very different from all his other scores), and Brian Thompson plays the evil Cabala. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What else do you want? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt that most of the film was a plagiarism of Dr. Strange’s comics. And the blue trouser suit was stupid. And there are holes in the plot everywhere (I could list at least five, but why). And why is the ancient symbol of Mordrid and Kabala suspiciously like a hammer and sickle? Combs has never been a strong actor, so it goes well with cheese. This is not a complaint. Fans of the Full Moon are accustomed to expecting these things and devouring them like Grape Nuts. I'm to blame ... I liked this movie. <br /> <br /> If you are not a fan of the Full Moon or a fan of Jeffrey Combs ... you may want to look elsewhere. But if you like the style of making films and haircuts of the early 90s, you will eat it. Fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger may like Brian Thompson as a villain, looking as stupid as ever, and not able to spell out English after the third grade. I did. I wish there was "Mordrid II", but the company that does the continuation of almost everything (does "Gingerdead Man 3" really need it?), Spoke on it.
