I really liked Dr. Mordrid. This is a low-budget film that may be unpleasant for some, but I have no problems with it. I admire this even more for it, considering that this WAY is more interesting than the talk that Hollywood produces every year. It is a pity that it did not get a theatrical release; I do not know about anyone else, but I would go to see it in cinemas. “Doctor Mordrid” is a very interesting sci-fi film that anyone can enjoy, especially if he is interested in science fiction, like me. I don't understand why this movie is rated R; only one foul word is said, and there are no horrible scenes of death and there is no blood at all. The timeless rivalry between the sorcerers Anton and Kabal (Anton wanted to use his strength to save the human race, and Kabal wanted to enslave them) gave the story charm, and the mythical storyline added the charm of the story. In fact, this is a film that is just fun to watch. However, there is one inadvertently funny thing about this film: to see Jeffrey Combs holding a straight face, wearing this stupid blue cape and costume. It makes me laugh every time I see it. But I got distracted ... Anyway, the acting is great; the main characters (Anton and his girlfriend Samantha) are very cute; Anton is sympathetic and hospitable, and Samantha is friendly. Plus the settings were great. The floating island in another dimension was a very cool setting; however, we only see it twice; It would be great to see more scenes here. The basic setting was also very neat; Anton's apartment is very spacious, and he has several cool devices, especially the monitoring system, which he uses to track events in the world. He even has a favorite raven, whom he keeps in his apartment named Edgar. Overall, this is a great movie; It was fun to watch, and the main characters attach great importance to their roles. If you can find anywhere that Dr. Mordrid rents, you should rent it (or, in my case, buy it. It was definitely well-spent money)! <br /> <br /> My rating: 8 stars out of ten. <br /> <br />
