The film "Holly" is the story of a young girl who was sold by her poor family and sent across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the notorious red light district K11. In the film, Holly waits for her to be sold at a premium for her virginity, when she meets Patrick, who loses money and friends because of gambling and bar fights. Patrick and Holly have a direct connection about their "stubbornness", but it all collapses when Holly is sold to a child merchant and disappears. As moviegoers, we get involved in Patrick's desire to find Holly again. Then Holly shows her willingness to part with this way of life, but does not understand what is good and what is not. Holly takes us through beautiful and stern Cambodia, discovering that Holly is not just one girl. It is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and abused every year without any rights or protection. <br /> <br /> “Holly” is less extreme than you might guess from in your subject, for example, in 4-year-old documentaries, sex trafficking, but he manages to shed light on Cambodian / Vietnamese trafficking in children for the purposes of prostitution. This is a touching story that helps shed light on the terrible situation in which many children are confronted, and their struggle to trust and realize what is right and what is wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, the film's antagonist, is an American merchant of stolen artifacts who also lose money and friends by playing cards and participating in bar fights. During the trip, his motorcycle runs out of fuel, and he has to rent a room in a brothel. During his stay, he encounters Holly, a twelve-year-old girl who was sold by her parents and abducted into slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding. He discovers a smart, stubborn girl under an injured appearance and becomes determined to save her - although their strictly platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone with whom they meet. When she suddenly disappears, he begins his way in order to track her down without even thinking whether he can really help her. <br /> <br /> Holly can escape along the road to another brothel when she jumps out of the truck. and runs into a field filled with mines. The cow let down the mine, and the truck driver thinks she is dead, so Holly is left alone. During Patrick's journey to find Holly, he meets a social worker who tries to give him meaning and shares with him the facts that often visit the Cambodian region. She explains that the idea of ​​paying for her freedom simply feeds demand: 30,000 children in Cambodia are engaged in prostitution, and 60,000 next year. “I’m not trying to save 60,000,” he says, “I’m trying to save one.” Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​taking her to a safe place quickly disappears when a social worker tells him that the United States will not allow him to adopt a child, and although it takes five minutes to “save” the child, it takes five years to reintegrate him. into society. Patrick is not affected by this information, and he continues to search for Holly. <br /> <br /> Viewers show that Holly gets to a small town and is looking for food for other homeless children. She then supports the local cops, who seem a little better offenders with a badge when they sell her to another brothel, and then make a deal with a Vietnamese businessman, who then takes her virginity. Then Holly seems to think that this is her fate, and when Patrick finally finds her, she is ready to “yum-yum” and “boom-boom” of her distant friend. Patrick is completely embarrassed by this change in behavior, but he does not hold on to his plan to take her out of this world. In the end, he stole her and brought her to safety, without leaving the social worker. Holly is given fresh clothes if she is fed and brought to dance lessons, but she is forbidden to see Patrick. In this intense desire to be in the consolation of Patrick's friendship, she escapes from a safe home and returns to the streets in Cambodia. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick decides to leave the country and run back. to the United States or stay in Cambodia. His thoughts continue to return to Holly while visiting the bar; An older man sees a photo that he holds and comments on his sexual appetite when he has sex with her. This infuriates Patrick, he hits the man and runs out of the bar. In the end, Patrick is caught by the police in the eyes of Holly, who is hiding behind a sixth. <br /> <br /> Holly can force viewers to donate money to organizations that improve the lives of these people. poor youth and even a campaign to reduce the number of brothels in the region, but the dramatic weaknesses of the film can reduce the likelihood that enough people will see it to change something. In general, I think this concept is better than a documentary, and it was not as touching as a movie. The actors did a lot of work, showing their coarse emotions and true confusion among young people who suffer from this lifestyle, but in the end, the harsh lifestyle in the region and the desperate ideas of parents who sell their children to support them. own starvation, nothing helps children in situations.
