Enjoying this show for years, I dream to see them all again and share them with my grandchildren. I'm so glad to pay a small amount for the memories I found recorded on DVD. Florida was a caring mother with a loving hard-working husband, one spoiled beautiful daughter and two sons, as different as day and night. Michael, the youngest son is a tramp in freedom, and JJ is a clown. I know that many African Americans did not like this show, but I know that many may be relevant and should have accepted it as it was. My heart was sad when I found out that Esther Roll was dead. Tyler Perry is currently the leading writer-actor of modern times, and I support his work, but not so much because he made such a cruel mocking Roll in one of his plays. No one should hear terrible things about looks. The show became less interesting when daddy James died. When Florida remarried, it increased slightly, but she fell when she left for the show. Overall, the show was great, and I'm glad again that I have copies of parts of my past. I try to keep up with the work of former Good Times stars, and I must say that this is one group that has not been destroyed by rumors. I think today's kids will love this show, and I have no problem sitting and watching with the kids. Congratulations to the writer, the crew and the stars for the years of new memories of the time, which I can enjoy again without missing a scene. <br /> <br /> Okay, so I watch the show over and over. Recently, I noticed a thing that made me rethink the show, but didn’t like it. I think Florida was a bit harsh when it came to the money the kids made. Not that the children didn’t need supervision, but it was done in such a way that Florida’s motherhood was different. Scenes when Florida had to say that other people do not look good, I am now worried. When James was alive, the show did a great thing that James wanted to have his own fix-it store, but did not live to see his family in projects, but Florida marries the one who owns the Fix-It store. A little slap in the face of an actor who was supposed to end his time in the Good Times, showing that he had accomplished everything he was striving for. Finally, when I watch the show, I see the show moving into overtime and being renamed “JJ”. To be truthful, after James left everything mostly around JJ. Not a bad thing, just a noticeable thing. I would not trade my DVDs for any money, but time, maturity and experience began to direct your eyes after a while.
