When people think of downtown Chicago, they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and Da Bears, Rene Sandberg, White Sox breaking a curse in 2005, or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and MVP finals) with Chicago Bulls. Rarely in this generation, people think of the struggling side of Chicago, the ghettos, the streets full of drugs, and life in urban housing projects in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most formidable television shows in the entire history and groundbreaking Sitcom was “Good Times”, which I vaguely remember as a little kid on CBS, and now I regularly enjoy TV Land. <br /> <br /> Good Times was another classic by Norman Lear, the producer who gave us The Jeffersons, the best African-American comedy series of all time, and All in the Family is the greatest show of all time. The Good Times revealed the difficulties of the ghetto and urban housing projects and did so with charm, well-written and thought-out plots, and some remarkable actions, especially from the matriarch and patriarch of this struggling ghetto family played by Esther Roll and John Amos. The children of the support team were also pretty good, especially the ever-popular Janet Jackson in her early years and Ralph Carter as Florida and the youngest son of James Evans, whose character at a young age realizes that life is unfair and he must learn to stand on his own two legs. <br /> <br /> The eldest of JJ’s children, performed by Jimmy Walker, this show is somewhat inappropriate and mainly for comic relief. His emotional age is 11 or 12 years, although he looks like a guy of about twenty. JJ becomes annoying, and it is the merit of the often disgusting James Evans (Amos) that he never tells J.J. to get your own life, get a job and leave the house. JJ is a budding artist, but, unlike his younger brother, he never thinks about getting a higher education, or, more importantly, for a family to get a job to help support a household that is just above the social level. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes from Good Times were a character whose Janet Jackson feels down to 104, and Florida Evans is desperately looking for good medical care because she cannot afford anything but a doctor who is very professional but does not want to give the Family of projects more attention than it is supposed to by the law. Another episode is when James Evans cannot afford rent for a negligible amount of $ 104 per month. Evans are threatened with the biggest family failures, and they are thrown out of the projects, and there is no place to go. Florida Evans goes to a social security center to try to get a loan or grant to help her family. But the government does not consider her family to be poor, because they have more than $ 4,200 in assets for a family of five, which is unfair, but, unfortunately, legally goes beyond the poverty line. James and the children want to hurry with money, but Florida is a man of high moral character and does not want to do anything dishonest, no matter how difficult their situation is. In the end, the family finds the solution to keep their heads above the water. <br /> <br /> The 1970s Good Times classic show on keeping your head above water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans both work hard at low-paying jobs, trying to properly raise their children and avoid social stigma in welfare. I was too young to understand the message of the comedy series as a kid of the 70s, when he first went on the air on CBS, but I really like replays on TV Land in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic comedy series from the past day.
