This show was a milestone in American comedy, as it was the first comedy series in which all African American actors starred. Unfortunately, although it was never broadcast on British television. <br /> <br /> The Evans family is a poor African-American family living in a high-rise building. His father’s name is James, he is trying to rule the house, but his wife Florida always gets the better of him. Three children - artistic JJ, naughty Thelma and young intellectual child Michael. The gossip girl of Florida Willon always comes into the house. <br /> <br /> I watched two episodes of this show on YouTube (“Black Jesus and Sex and the Evans Family” are the only two on the site). You may think why the English viewer watched a TV show that has never appeared or that was hardly heard in his country. The answer is. In 1976, the first black comedy series titled “The Fosters” was released in Britain. Only two episodes were released, and now it seems forgotten. But I watched the episode and was really impressed. Then I found out that the scripts were identical to the Good Times. They were exactly the same characters, but with different names - Sam Foster was the father, his wife was Pearl Foster, and the three children were Sonny (young Lenny Henry), Shirley and Benjamin. Gossip Pearl's friend was Wilma. (To read about Fosters, I wrote a review about this). While watching “Good Times,” only two things annoyed me. First, there was the melody (terrible), and second, the audience’s laughter. I like the laughter of the audience, but in this someone will say a slightly funny line, and the audience will go crazy and start clapping. Besides, it was a very funny show. Let's hope there will be more episodes on youtube, and let's hope that someone will release "The Fosters" on DVD in England. <br /> <br /> Best episode: Sex in the Evans family - Series 1, episode 6. Foster's episode about it was called Sex in the Black Community. Another episode that I saw, Black Jesus was the title of one of the episodes of "The Fosters"
