The Forbidden Planet is a type of science fiction that is valuable in cinema, especially since the 1950s. There was a Day when the Earth stopped, and the War of the Worlds, but not to forget this gem, which took some of its stories from Shakespeare's “Storm,” to tell the story of astronauts on a planet with a doctor who did a wonderful breakthrough. This is a breakthrough that is not so unbelievable (although in 1956 it looks rather amazing looking at some of these sets and the giant machine created by the doctor), but with an emphasis on the characters and their themes. technology has gone too far from the more primitive side of human nature, even when we do not know that we are directing it. <br /> <br /> At first glance, that is, in the first ten minutes, it looks standard, if it acted a bit more professionally and directed with more skill than B-films of that period. The astronaut ship is sent to the planet Altair-4 to return the expedition that disappeared decades ago. But only Dr. Morbis (Walter Pijon) and his daughter remained, who somehow became immune to the attack, as a result of which all the others died. Morbius seems to be a cordial and very intelligent man, and his technology looks so impressive that the only thing that astronauts led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen) might think is to report this to their bosses on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there is one snag - something kills the crew members of the ship, one by one, every night, even when the others keep an eye, and then install an invisible electric fence, which something invisible easily passes. In the meantime, there may be some kind of romance between Skipper and Alrayra, and the doctor has a more assertive atmosphere: you didn’t need to go to the planet to start, and now you have to go. What comes out of it is even more exciting, only at a purely intellectual level, but the Forbidden Planet never forgets that its story should also entertain its audience, getting some useful ideas. Although everyone can remember Robbie the Robot, for obvious reasons, perhaps the most memorable image for me is the monster that can be seen on the screen when the crew shoots to no avail, animated by red electricity and looking so terrible that it looks from Fantasy. <br /> The action of Pijon is elusive: you do not expect him to be a villain, although there is something in the character and performance that says this, and in the end it makes the character far more complex than could be would expect. And the other performances are professional but also excellent, from Nielsen as a natural leader to Holliman, who provides some great comic relief like Cook (which I must add helps in one of the funniest scenes in the movie with these gallons of bourbon, which provides Robbie). ). And the effects for his time are extraordinary (subtle and nostalgic for today), and the music created by electronics is beautiful in its “tones”. But ultimately, it is the scenario and careful guidance of Hilcox who put this step above the rest of the B-film. When it should be fun, it deliberately works that way. When he is dramatic, he communicates quite well even with the actors in difficult moments. And when we are forced to think about the terrible situation, it gradually, with nuances, does not appear on our faces and is not exposed to mega-action. <br /> <br /> Inspiration for many other sci-fi films, and a wonderful marker of thoughtful sci-fi stories and books since ancient times, this is a cool and interesting classic.
