First of all, I have to say that in the Forbidden Planet I love many, many things, and yes, for many reasons, I certainly consider it a “classic” science fiction film. But, in my opinion, the flattery he received over the years exaggerates a little. No less authoritative than Leonard Maltin, says "The Forbidden Planet" "... is one of the most ambitious and clever films of its genre." Ambitious? Without a doubt. Smart? It depends on what part of the movie you are talking about. It was certainly the most prestigious film with a fantastic budget. Costing almost $ 2 million (remember, it was 1956), MGM did everything possible to create a dazzling, astounding space adventure, unlike anything that was ever seen on the big screen, even with the participation of artists from Disney for some of more complex special effects. “Enchanting” is usually not the word used to describe special effects in science fiction films, but here it seems to be the most appropriate. Even the terrible "Monster with Id" is just a well-traced cartoon figure of Disney people, which is unlikely to frighten anyone over the age of 8. When I see the various scenery and pay attention to the artistic design, models, costumes, etc., nothing reminds me of “The Wizard of Oz” with its magnificently rich colors and carefully thought out, but not always convincing effects. These films took so much work that everyone is inclined to smile in admiration of these efforts. “Forbidden Planet” is great. The scenes take place on the obvious decorations, which are fabulously decorated, on the matte paintings of the planets and the space in the background, as well as on the intricate miniature sand dunes, etc., to create the illusion of depth. It’s a bit like watching the most thoughtful staged play you've ever seen. Probably the most plausible and convincing scenes are located inside the massive Krell complex, where frames showing the immense depth and width of this internal space are well done and trustworthy. But then we get to the actors, damn it. The performances are almost equally terrible, although, frankly, it must be said that dialogue hardly exceeds the level of humor in the dressing room for teenagers, with the exception of some passages from the barely perceptible scientific entourage. Even the great actor Walter Pijon comes down to giving such a boorish performance, sometimes it's sad. The very young Leslie Nielsen plays the role of the commander of the J.J. Adams, and does not convey a drop of believability or conviction throughout the film. It seems he instinctively knows, thirty years earlier, that his real strength lies in comedy, as there are times when he is hardly able to maintain an unruffled character by repeating his lines. Any forced reaction, be it anger, passion, or solemn meditation, looks right out of the school game. Ann Francis, also very young, lives a little better than the supposedly innocent Alta, whom we believe has never seen a man other than her father, until the crew of a spacecraft appears. (Alta Morbius, now you have a name.) Even at such an early age, unfortunately, Ann Francis seems as virginal and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in Butterfield 8. There is a good story here, buried somewhere under the mocking comments of fellow crew members on Alta, and another youthful story about the "Cookies" by Count Holliman, the ship's cook. (Holliman also turns into a terrible performance. I guess all these actors went straight from this film to acting school.) Based on Shakespeare's The Tempest, the story of the dead race, Krell and the fantastic world of cars, they left behind most people tend to remember the "Forbidden Planet", and not without reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget about the rest of the film and be stunned by the Disney artists concept of the underground complex Crell. Is this enough to fill the rest of the film? You will have to solve it yourself. Oh, and, of course, there is Robbie Robot, the idea of ​​every ten-year 1950s about how a robot should look and speak. He's funny. In places. So, the Forbidden Planet for me is a very, VERY mixed bag. This deserves praise for having inspired a whole wave of science fiction films and television shows, not the least of which was Star Trek. But I would advise anyone who thinks that this is more than a well-established science fiction comic book to come back and watch it again.
