When someone thinks of science fiction films of the 1950s, he thinks of black and white black films of type B, which were parodied on the old TV show Mystery Science Theater 3000. And yet, although Plan 9 from Space and “Monster Robot” was much more than good films, in the 1950s there were very good, if not great, sci-fi films, such as “The Day When the Earth Stopped”, “Incredible Shrinking People”, “Invasion” . Thieves of bodies, wars of worlds and things from another world. However, the best of the group, due to its literacy and production values, was undoubtedly the first big MGM foray into level A science fiction, The Forbidden Planet, released in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film filmed by Fred M. Wilcox, which he then used the most modern special effects and was endowed with a very good script by Cyril Hume, from screen processing called “Deadly Planet,” Irving Block and Allen Adler, who adapted it aspects of the "Storm" by William Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> The film was delighted when it was released because of its special effects nominated for Oscar, all of its electronic music scores by Louis and Baby Barrons (although marked as “Electronic Tones” to avoid collecting music guild ), bright matte paintings - inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), which was animated by animator Joshua Meador, loaned from Walt Disney's studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robbie the Robot in his first film or television role. Later, he will appear in the film “The Invisible Boy”, included in this DVD as a bonus, as well as in several episodes in the science fiction television shows of the 1960s “Twilight Zone”, “Night Gallery” and “Lost in Space”, with his robot which he often performs. In the film "Gremlins", filmed in 1984, came the episodic cameo. <br /> <br /> The tale is simple, but elegantly designed and filled with humorous addictions that evoke a forced “love story” in the film. In the 23rd century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D is a flying saucer under the command of Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, he was once the lead man before his days in the police squad), is on his way to the planet Altair IV, to find out what happened to the Bellerophon team sent to the planet twenty years ago. After a one-year journey, they meet the only one who survived the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pijon), the Prospero philologist, his gorgeous blond daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - the character of Miranda in a miniskirt until the 1960s and Robbie Robot, the house servant, who is a kaliban colleague. Morbius warns the team about the mysterious force that killed the party of Bellerophon in the first year, but still he was immune to her. In general, this is a technically good film, especially with some rear projections and matte pictures, and the absurdity of adults' reaction to the exploits of Timmy and Robbie borders on Dalian’s surrealistic absurdity. Nevertheless, it is obvious that the filmmakers did not have any sense in the sublime absurdity that the film causes in the film, because it plays straight, which makes it even funnier. What about the main function? The forbidden planet deserves all praise. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a couple of hours, and much better than Star Wars, which, although shot twenty years later, seem much more outdated and juvenile. Only such films as 2001: “Space Odyssey”, “Solaris”, “Alien and Aliens” and the first two films “Terminator”, really equaled or surpassed this classic in depth and effects. <br /> <br /> It is worth knowing that, despite the “Forbidden” “Happy End” of the planet, it is likely that MOTI is still inactive in Alta. In the end, she was her father’s daughter, and her nightmare was even brighter than her father when MOTI attacked the ship a second time. In addition, the film wisely only “shows” MOTI once, and never shows Krel, because imagination can always cause more fear than better special effects. The film also makes good use of narrative ellipses to concentrate the story, which is often not possible to make more realistic feature films. The Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both define, but still goes beyond the limits of its era - unlike other science fiction films that were fairly obvious allegories from the Cold War era. Look at it, and you will agree, and also sleep a little less easily. But even if you don’t, the scene of Ann Frances is still invigorating. This in itself is timeless.
