He puts a forbidden planet as a landmark in science fiction, carefully remaining in the “hard” aspects of the genre (science is not a fantasy, but ergo lovers will like it), still playing with the images and ideas of modern values ​​of the 1950s. The isolated Morbius House is a model of modern design with open spaces that overlook sculpted gardens, a swimming pool and unsurpassed appliances: Robbie Robot. "Housewife's dream!" the captain exclaims after dinner and demonstrates the ability of the robot to synthesize food and decompose waste. <br /> <br /> Also significant since the 1950s: Frudian’s psychology raises its head in explaining Id, although Morbius rejects this as an outdated concept. In the battle with an invisible monster and life on a saucer you can feel the light Pacific military drama. Perhaps the most relevant is post-atomic fear that science is the enemy, and arrogant scientists will unwittingly bring down destruction in their blind search for knowledge. <br /> <br /> Yet the suburban drama presented by the Forbidden Planet seems to be a uniquely fresh science fiction genre. They are not scammers or heroes, but ordinary sailors crossing the galaxy with the rudeness and honesty of a serviceman. The good guys drive the flying saucer, and the aliens are so long gone that we don’t even know what they looked like - although their music - the “atmospheric tones” of Bebe and Louis Barron are amazingly futuristic today. Views from the house of Morbius are truly alien with uneven cliffs and pink bonsai. The saucer's interior is just this side of Buck Rogers. There are many visually to please. Although we have fantastic monsters and robots for the kids, "Forbidden Planet" is a brain film, slow and talkative. He works on several levels at once: science fiction against cosmic adventures, philosophical against domestic. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. Despite all their cosmic talk, the soldiers are dressed for the golf course. The fateful discovery of Morbius - a modest educational institution, school. The most interesting character is the daughter of Morbius Altayr. Having never seen a person, she goes to the team without embarrassment. She is a teenager after Madonna who designs her own space age clothing and uses every opportunity to change clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera with a home replicator. Men who watch a movie can see her naive girl in a mini dress, but every woman knows that there is no such thing as a naive girl in a mini dress. Ann Francis deserves better recognition for humiliating Leut with kisses. Alas, we will never know if she worked with him, as he suspects, as the captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for her attention. She is a character who makes important changes to the film. Shaken by the fact that her father compares the dead Doc with other "reconciling" in his landing group, she turns away from her father, her home, to leave with the sailors on Earth. It is this act of disobedience, maturity that sends the creature of Morbius Id across the border, allegorically destroying its creator, as it was for millennia earlier, for Crell. <br /> <br /> Maybe Krell also had teenage daughters ...?
