The only thing I knew about this movie before watching it was Robbie Robot. My prejudice was that it was another one in a long line of cheese science fiction films for which the 1950s were famous. How wrong I was. A big studio, a big budget and big production figures make it a strong contender, at least visually, for the best sci-fi film leaving the era. I come to the word visually, because War of the Worlds is much darker and more terrible than the Forbidden Planet, and is probably better suited for forays into foreign territory. <br /> <br /> What struck me immediately was the color rendition of cinematography, accompanied by the intricacy and volume of the parts involved in the home and laboratory of Dr. Morbius (Walter Pijon). But it was only a prelude to the icing on the cake, a labyrinth dungeon that served as the Krell stronghold. It turned out that the Krell technology was even more advanced than, say, the Star Wars technology. It made me think that the audience of this film, when it was released, was probably as enthusiastic as the audience of the theater in 1977 with the SW or in 1986 with The Strangers. Viewing it on the big screen of the TV in my living room gave me the same effect, and I am quite resistant to hyperbola. <br /> <br /> Presenting the Forbidden Planet is not that difficult. the predecessor of the Star Trek series; Gene Roddenberry himself stated that the film had a great influence on his vision of the show. The followers of this short series readily recognize the plot elements used here that appeared in Star Trek. I had to double double when United Planets Cruiser C57-V people headed for the transport room, while the puzzle presented by Robbie, which made it impossible to answer, was an element used at least two or three times in the ST series. <br /> <br /> The fact that the film definitely took a brain turn was connected with the very idea of ​​"monsters from Eid." The fact that Morbius himself used his subconscious to protect Altair IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956, when every other sci-fi film of the time dealt with Martians or other grotesque space beings. The film produced subtle magic on this viewer, helping me to understand that Morbius was the protector of Altair IV some time before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explained this. <br /> <br /> You know, looking at the calendar, the year 2200 is not that far. This film may be the one that really does it right in relation to exploration and life on other planets. Although I think they will have to come up with a more elegant version of Robbie.
