A flying saucer, in which (literally) there is a team of about 20 male space explorers, travels hundreds of millions of light years from Earth to register with a colony founded about 25 years ago on the "forbidden planet." What they find is a more advanced robot than any imaginable on earth, a beautiful and completely socially inept young woman and her father, a hermit philologist, pursued not only by the demons of the ancient civilization in which he plunged. <br /> <br /> At first glance, this story is the secret of killing the crumb. Some compare it to the “Shakespearean Storm,” but this is tension and, in a sense, an insult to the fiction genre. Deprived of what makes it a fantastic film, of course, it's “The Tempest,” but how many hundreds of films can you say something similar? <br /> <br /> Below is a warning story of the progress, technology, and social evolution required for their proper and safe use. And yet the film continues with all the hope for our future, which we are accustomed to expect from such shows as Star Trek. <br /> <br /> Anne Francis is not the only reason why this film is best described as beautiful. The special effects and even the aesthetics of the backgrounds are powerful enough to make invisible guides and uneven actions almost invisible. If it weren't for the dumb science fiction prop of the 1950s retro deco, you might have thought that you were watching a play of the 1960s. <br /> <br /> This is a classic of this special subgenre. from science fiction, I like to call the 1950s science fiction, and although, in my opinion, it is not the best one that is certainly worth seeing to anyone interested in a science fiction film and special effects. It is worth paying attention to the cunning plot, which has now become commonplace due to its repeated use in six or seven episodes of Star Trek, Lost in Space and even in Farscape and will support the interest of most science fiction fans. Trekkers will be especially interested in various aspects of the film, which seem to inspire the themes of the original Star Trek series about 12 years later, although they may be disappointed with the (relatively mild) sexism of the 1950s and the absence of any racial integration. While I do not want to find fault, the lack of social progress shown in this film was one of the main problems I encountered. <br /> <br /> Someone is likely to see this film just to catch a glimpse of the young, handsome Leslie Nielsen in one of his first major roles. Unfortunately, Nielsen's performance is only average, and sometimes quite bad (especially at the peak of the film). Walter Pigeon, although he plays well in other films, also overestimates his role. Mrs. Francis, Earl Holliman, and the awesome Robbie Robot are outstanding actors in this crowd, although in general the hero-actors filling the ensemble do a good job. I think that problems with the performances shown are the fault of the director and editor, like everything else. Although they, of course, got most of the film perfectly correct.
