I always get so upset that most science fiction films are truly intergalactic westerns or war dramas. Even Star Wars, which is visually brilliant, has one of the central images — the futuristic "gang that can't shoot straight." Imagine that you came across 600 people with conventional weapons, most of whom have an open shot, and they miss you. <br /> <br /> I read a lot of science fiction and would like to have more films for a thinking person. The forbidden planet, one of the earliest in the genre, still remains one of the best. The story is based on a long-extinct civilization, Crell, which created machines that can enhance the intelligence of any creature with the help of quantum leaps. Unfortunately, what they did not count on was the fact that the brain is the center of other thoughts than intellectual ones. The primitive aspect of the brain, Id, as Freud called it, can remain without control. It is released in a dream, a bad dream comes to bodily existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the one who raised his brain to this level, and with his help built the machines and defenses that keep him only one step ahead of the horrors of the depths of his own mind. His thoughts create horrors that he will soon not be able to protect. Krell, a far superior sight, could not stop him; it destroyed them. Landing party has never been of great interest to me. The rest of the actors are quite interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and certainly would have caused a real reaction in a teenager of the fifties. The anger of her father is aggravated by her innocence and astronauts of the fifties, wolves (because they are more like builders than real astronauts). They are always trying to figure out the "ladies." The cook is a great character with his obsession. Robbie Robot has a much greater individuality than most of the crew, and the question arises whether Mr. Spock could not be a soul mate for the literal thinking of this artificial being. The whole film is very good, because the situation is a star. Morbius can not turn back, and therefore he was destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are several science fiction films that are worth watching more than once; it is one that can stretch right into the 21st century.
