I think "Anyway ..." is an awesome movie. Indeed. Tom Barman has spent many years on this, and it shows that every scene has been sharpened, it makes sense ... I think most people agree. One thing that many people tend to criticize is the “absence” of history. I am afraid that this is a result of the fact that we are constantly overwhelmed with “traditional” storytelling. I mean: what you can achieve with a book, you cannot achieve with a movie, what you can achieve with a movie, you cannot achieve it just by telling a friend about it. The problem is that we are so used to movies, TV shows ... just to be a filmed version of the story; a visual record of events — just like when you watch the news — we expect each movie to have such epic characteristics: a strong storyline with many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people see on television in the news, in films, TV shows, ... very unusual things, in situations that occur once in a lifetime. And here, in “In any case ...”, unusual events occur, but not in the same sense as “the big bang in Hollywood”: the guy is fired, the couple are together again, the car is stolen ... and, of course, very ordinary things, And this is strong: just the ability to appreciate all this, this universe, this art. And I agree that, in particular, what can only be achieved in the cinema, that the atmosphere created by the score and the photograph is put in the center. But not in the same way as in traditional visual films (visual blockbusters such as The Matrix); it serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean that in every frame you feel Tom Barman's love for Antwerp and the urban way of life. And it makes no sense in this film how to “teach” us something; and he doesn't have a big story to tell with incredible turns of the script. He just shows ordinary people everyday life, he shows the city with their good and bad sides and says: this is us, this is our city, this is life, let's enjoy it. So basically, “Anyway ...” is not only a super-cool film, it also has a much stronger “message” (it is not explicit, maybe not even intended) than most films that are really intend to transmit a message. One drawback: now we have to wait five years to see the next photo of the Barman, and everyone expects a lot from her ...
