Written under the wind, directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, is similar to all the films of Cirk of the mid-50s - pure melodrama. Nevertheless, this exciting, richly developed melodrama, and Sirka's signature vivid expressionism, pulsating, barely repressed emotions, symbolism and juxtaposition of classes, make this film thirsty. <br /> <br /> The film opens brilliantly, with four central characters and the plot, presented as captions, is still rolling. Sirk uses a clever memory structure to take us into his world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are as gorgeous as the two “children” Hadley, Kyle and Marily. He drinks and sleeps with women. She drinks and sleeps with men. They both cost millions, thanks to Hadley's oil business. Chunky, but poor Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's old friend and Marily's dream lover. Enter this foul mess of Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slim, attractive young woman who falls under Kyle's spell after he picks up the phone and flies her through the countryside one evening. Mitch loves her too, but Kyle beats her. They marry quickly, and Kyle stops drinking. But fate seems to be written in the wind, and this shortly before the indulging Marily (who has “Mitch,” marriage or no marriage), secretly struck down by Mitch, confused by Lucy and sad Kyle drunk. ... <br /> <br /> Malone is just as wonderful as Marily Hadley, she is worthy of the best supporting actress Oscar. She steals every scene she is in. The stack is almost as good as it enhances the melodrama, while maintaining subtle and quiet despair. Hudson and Bacall are much more restrained than these two, but this corresponds to the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So what does this melodrama really mean? Well, a lot of things. A powerful portrait of a stack of male inadequacy and fear, on the one hand. Sirk surrounds Stack with phallic symbols throughout the entire film — notice his tiny pistol, oil rigs and the final phallic symbol, Kyle's seeming inability to conceive children. The stack seems to suffer from a huge male superiority complex, exacerbated by his father's preference for Hudson, the desire of his sister Hudson, and his suspicion that his wife continues with Hudson. With all this wealth, Kyle Hadley is still at the wrong end of the city, buying a cheap corn liqueur like ass. <br /> <br /> These are unrealizable dreams and the need to let them go. The river, where Kyle, Marily and Mitch played when they were children, is constantly mentioned in the film, symbolizing Kyle’s and (especially) Marily’s innocence and simplicity of youth. In a magnificent, melodramatic scene played by Malone, Marily stands by the river and again presents herself as a child, Mitch tells the voice-over to Marily that she will always be his girlfriend. This is the place where Sirk evokes a huge emotional response from the viewer. Who has not dreamed of returning to this special place in childhood? Who at some point did not live on the cherished memory? Who did not want something that he could not have? And the last line of Hudson’s film (yes, he doesn’t get any dialogue in the last 10 or so minutes, only close-ups) recalls “how far we have come from the river, Marily. Amazing.
