Director Douglas Sirk once said that “between high art and garbage is a very short distance, and garbage containing madness, thanks to this quality, is closer to art”. This statement perfectly defines his cinema, a completely unique work, which includes classic stage adaptation, adventure and war films, westerns and, of course, his famous melodramas. <br /> <br /> Sirk's melodramas were just like this word itself means Drama with music. Music sets the tone for his masterful style, and each stroke of his brush (Sirk was also an artist) leaves a powerful image on the screen, turned into a canvas. But this is not life, but its presentation, imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of the directors of his generation better used all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (especially Technicolor) to distinguish between artificial and real. Let us remember that his golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood films turned their attention to social drama (Blackboard jungle, Rebel without a reason). Sirk always knew that the movie was supposed to be something else. <br /> <br /> In another statement, Cirka summarizes the following: “You cannot reach or touch the real. You just see the reflection. If you try to comprehend happiness, your fingers only meet glass. ” I challenge anyone who has seen "Written in the Wind" to count the number of mirrors and images that appear on the screen. As a result, we give up. <br /> <br /> Therefore, we are in the hall full of mirrors, where there is no difference between the real and its false specimen. No one can say that Hadley are real people. This city is also not real, with these terrible oil pumps everywhere. Thus, in this kingdom acts, the scenery is fake, the trick is visible. Everything is a bit far from the limit (for example, Dorothy Malone's sexual connotations with the oil tower). Sirk criticized and theorized at the same time. <br /> <br /> `Angles are the thoughts of the director; Lighting is his philosophy. ” In Recorded in the Wind, we follow the fall of the traditional way of life, both in geometric form and in terms of light and shadows. Hadley’s house, with its various levels connected by a spiral staircase, works strictly metaphorically. A house resembling a mausoleum that neither side can invigorate. As the tragedy moves from bright daylight to a dark night, Sirk's picture becomes a continuation of his characters' inner state, as well as the color of the clothes they wear. Thus, the drama is included in each element in the service of directorial skill. <br /> <br /> Sirk considered himself a “historian” because he bent the standard material that was assigned to him, in accordance with his style and purpose. Written in the wind is a good example. It would not work in any other hands. <br /> <br /> Another director who used similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who for the 50's comedy was the same as Sirk for melodrama. Their films are filled with the techniques of American life — advertising, TVs, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners — to show its emptiness and decline. I tend to think that their films are perceived differently by modern audiences. Both sides played the game, so it was a camp. Now we consider them "cult" or "strange", because we are no longer those spectators. That is why Todd Haynes' tribute to "Far from the sky" turns into a meanness, because it reproduces the work of Circ in our day, as if nothing happened between them. Then Sirk turns into a picture hanging in an art gallery, which Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the aforementioned film. <br /> <br /> Sirk understood the elements of the melodrama perfectly. There were always fixed characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall) against whom he could put together a series of split characters. His balance through antitheses is remarkable, and it is not surprising that we are rooting for forked characters, because these are those who are interested in Sirk. When Robert Stack flies the plane and “tempts” Lauren Bacall with all sorts of worldly comforts of the world beneath them (Faust’s echo), we are also strangely fascinated by him, like we are, when the devilish nympho sister painfully recalls her past Mitch alone in the river. <br /> <br /> In the Sirka universe, the studio often imposed “happy ends” without making a negative impact. In fact, they worked just fine. Sirk was fond of the Greek tragedy and considered the happy endings of Deux ex machinea of ​​his time. Thus, the final scene in the courtroom fits well, and it must also be remembered that the entire film is told in the memoirs, so we know from the very beginning that the tragedy will still fall on Hadley’s enmity. <br /> <br /> There was a lot in common between “Written in the wind” and the Godfather saga. I absolutely agree and I am sure that the parallel is not accidental. Both share the theme of an old powerful father trying to preserve his empire while defending his family. The temperamental son, pictured by Robert Stack, has an amazing physical resemblance to Sonny Corleone Jimmy Caan. The action of fighting with her sister's friend is symmetrical. Not a son to whom the old man trusts is also common in both films, because of the fact that both families bear the names of their city. Even details, such as gates that open access to the property, and leafy surroundings of the house, suggest that Coppola meant “Wrote in the wind” when setting up his masterpiece. Because both films deal with the theme of Power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation and heritage (even Kyle Hadley's infertility, an event that speeds up turmoil, is a problem easily associated with the central theme of Power, in this case, weakness in sexual power). Another great film that deals with power and uses American life as its presentation is Citizen Kane. At first, no one would have thought of the similarity between the films of Wells and Sirk, but there are many of them, starting with the petrol business as a source of family happiness and ending with the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), as Charles Foster Kane, was adopted as a mentor, having his father alive. Surprisingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) performs the fathers of Wayne and Kane. This item cannot be a coincidence. <br /> <br /> Written in the wind - a masterpiece in all aspects, in performance and design, in style and technique, a highlight in the career of this remarkable director. Some say this is his best movie. In my opinion, “Magnificent Obsession”, “All That Heavens Allow”, “Always Have Tomorrow” and “Imitation of Life” are just as good. And for those who put Sirk on the level of Dallas or Dynasty, I do not wish them a happy ending.
