I saw this movie at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. In order to catch the comments of the previous reviewer, the feeling of claustrophobia and the color of the film, I feel quite deliberate and convey a sense of limited space, gray architecture, general dullness, which constitutes the urban environment of most people in Eastern and Central Europe. I would describe a slightly shabby housing project, and that is how many people live on the outskirts of large cities. I cannot say that I am acquainted with Bucharest, Romania, where the action took place, but I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I was in Russia as a student for a semester, my whole group had to carry my luggage seven floors up the stairs in a dilapidated student dormitory, just like a heroine does, approaching a woman . because the elevators did not work. But I agree with the reviewer that claustrophobia and muted colors are exaggerated, since there are certainly beautiful historical buildings, parks, squares that you can find in Bucharest or in any historical center of Eastern Europe, and Bucharest did not receive much material in this the movie. For me, watching this film conveys well the claustrophobia that I would feel during my six months of stay there, feeling trapped and bounded. (This makes it clear why someone wants to immigrate and find a better life, just like people who hope to escape from the urban ghetto of the United States.) <br /> <br /> Also, given the atmosphere of homophobia, let's say around the United States in the 1980s, two young women in love with each other are forced to keep their love in a very personal matter; hence the emphasis on their interaction in the apartment. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, it is wonderful and commendable that this strange thematic film was shot in Romania, and I find the complaint of a previous reviewer about a bad film quality rather ignorant and patronizing. It is unlikely that the director and producer achieved much government support and funding for their film, and they did their best using their limited resources. The actors were pretty good and believable; the dialogue was generally well done, and I could identify with these women. <br /> <br /> The film offers an extra twist to the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, an energetic, cheerful free spirit with a dark, disturbing mystery (her admiration and love for the offensive incestuous brother Sandu) falls in love with Alexander, a bright, bookish , an idealistic young woman who moves to Bucharest to start college. Opposites attract, and their personalities seem to complement each other, although there is some tension between the ambitious, diligent, intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who seems to attend college to please their parents. Keeping their love hidden from their parents seems manageable, although we don’t feel the tension that it requires, and at the same time we never see or meet other students — it's hard to believe — and the tension that keeps their love in secret would entail . The main threat to their love is Kiki's brother and her difficulties in trying to be stern with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give her the strength that she needs to finally break this bond, or not? This is what the film focuses on as the narration evolves, and I will not say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Kiki's love of the “disease” is not the love of another woman, but her illegality. Incestuous love for her brother. Thus, the love of a woman offers a potential cure for the disease of love of brother and sister. <br /> <br /> Although this feeling is stifling and claustrophobic, it is too limited by the interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, but it is still attractive and touching, so I will give it 7 points.
