Robert Stack has never experienced the loss of the best supporting actor Oscar for the role of Kyle in the film "Written in the Wind" and Anthony Quinn's 12-minute performance in the film "Lust for Life". The stack plays the deeply troubled, alcoholic son of an oil magnate. He lived his life in the shadow of his friend, with whom he was raised, Mitch, who was played by Rock Hudson. They both love the same woman, Lucy (Lauren Bacall), who becomes Kyle's wife. Kyle's sister, Marily (Dorothy Malone), a drunk whore in love with Mitch. Their story unfolds in gorgeous colors under the able guidance of Douglas Sirk, who truly dominated the field of melodrama with some incredible films, including Imitation of Life, Everything That Permits Heaven, Magnificent Obsession and many others. br /> <br /> Make no mistake - this is a bowler, and Stack and Dorothy Malone play most of their roles, Malone gets an Oscar for Best Supporting Act. There is one amazing scene mentioned in other comments where she dances wildly to loud music when her father falls and dies on the stairs. We tend to believe that Marilye is sleeping with everyone, including the guy who pumps gas, because she is in love with Mitch. Mitch doesn't want anything to do with her. He is so in love with Lucy that because of his loyalty to Kyle, he wants to go to work in Iran to avoid the temptation. I doubt that he would like to get there today, no matter how much he was in love. <br /> <br /> Hudson and Bacall have less interesting roles here - Mitch Hudson is a good guy who clears Kyle. spoils her whole life, and Bacall is Mitch's wife, who finds herself in a nightmare when her husband starts drinking again after a year of sobriety. Sirk focuses on more volatile supporting players. <br /> <br /> In Circ's hands, “Written in the Wind” is an effective film, and the big scene near the end in the mansion is especially exciting. The director had a gift for this type of film, and although he had many imitators, he never had equal.
