At the Academy Awards on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone received the best supporting actress Oscar for her ardent, stunning image of the spoiled heiress of a Texas oil magnate in the film Into the Wind. The bowler of 1956, adapted from the novel by Robert Wilder, was a real three-ring circus, demonstrating alcoholism, greed, impotence and nymphomania. <br /> <br /> Malone’s performance as Marilye Hadley, a lonely rich girl who selects men to temper the pain of rejection from a former child lover, was representative of the film as a whole. Fascinating to watch, even when she resorts to the melodrama of the “lowest denominator”, “LETTER ON THE WIND” is ultimately the work of one person, the incredibly talented director Douglas Sirk, an immigrant from Weimar Germany before World War II, who left his European theatrical legacy behind the career in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Sirk, a very erudite man, in the 1950s gained a reputation as a reliable director of Universal Studios in luxury soap operas, especially thanks to the productions of Ross Hunter. ANGULAR OBSERVATION, EVERYTHING THAT THE SKY IS RUNNING AND IMITATION OF LIFE. Independent producer Albert Zugsmit offered Circu the opportunity to go beyond the limiting limitations of Universal's modest entertainment and create a more adult, “sensational” product, hence the sultry WIND and its sequel, TARNISHED ANGELS of 1957, both released under the banner of Universal International. One can only guess why Sirk did not deal with higher themes, but apparently the production of these exaggerated dramas appealed more to his artistic feelings. Written in the wind can be considered Sirk's epic soap opera; in fact, it is so replete with human vulnerability and neurosis, as it is depicted among the very rich, that it is as compelling to watch as any real domestic quarrel among the rich and famous, perhaps even more so. Robert Stack (not an actor, commonly known as excessive exile) almost matches Malone in intensity with his suggestion of a weak-willed brother Kyle Hadley, just a shadow of his patriarchal father. When he learns that he cannot impregnate his new bride (Leonid Lauren Bacall is fine), Hadley goes to the deep end, exacerbating an already serious alcohol problem with the help of a “secret” gun fetish that threatens to make him a time bomb. Both brother and sister, as corrupt and unlikely as they are, seem to be victims of their past, giving them human qualities that make them seem less monstrous (and much more interesting than the "good" sides of the family, mainly Bacall and Rock Hudson is incredibly handsome, an old friend and business partner of young Hadley, the surrogate son of an old man and Malone’s unreachable object of desire.) Despite all the internal dependence demonstrated, it’s not so much a story that is remembered here as it is removed. With a real scale for pictorial composition and editing, director Sirk draws his audience into this picture with the highest imaginative cinematography Technicolor: every shot in this film is an eye-filled canvas of rich colors. From the look of a tank-like pink Cadillac to the huge front doors of the mansion to the bright decor of the luxurious Miami hotel, a range of shades almost blinding in their diversity. and dramatic scenes show Circ's skillful use of camera tilt angles, shadow lighting, and end-to-end editing, shown with the greatest effect in a scene where rebellious, drunk Malone dances unhindered in his bedroom upstairs to the player’s loud scream, while her father strikes unreliable over huge stairs; the scene is so exciting that you swear that you are experiencing a great oedipal drama. What you are really looking at is an extremely interesting type of garbage, seasoned with a dark Technicolor and polished to perfection by visual genius.
