I first watched this film after its release in 1987, and I was greatly influenced by the feeling of guilt for what my fellow white people could do with innocent people, and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities against man. /> <br /> Especially touching was the funeral of Steve Biko, made even brighter and tougher due to the South African anthem played at that time. I had long believed that this film achieved what no one else had - open the eyes of the world to what was really happening in South Africa. I consider myself a normal, sensible person, and I can testify how this film changed my whole way of thinking not only about South Africa, but also about how we, white people, perceive black people. I have never seen any difference between people of any color or creed, but after watching this film I physically changed my life and spent the last 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people rise above their current standard of living and achieve what they could not be considered possible. The biggest reward I can honestly say I received was to be able to say that in my own small way I made my contribution and adjusted the balance a little. But if more people thought, like me, and in fact REALLY helped some black people without seeking rewards, then the whole black population of this planet would be a little better. <br /> <br /> I urge any sensible person to see Cry Freedom from beginning to end, and you will not feel that the emotions reach for your heart hearts when you witness how 700 students brutally shot in Sharpeville, They refuse to teach Afrikaans, the senseless murder of Steve Biko, such a fighter for the rights of his people, and then, ultimately, to understand that this is not just a film, albeit a great one, but that it all really happened less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, friends, watch this movie, and then see if you can come out later and have fun. I could not I was too upset to know the truth. This is the hallmark of a great movie. Obviously, Sir Richard Attenborough intended to convey this message about South Africa. Of course, he achieved this. If you do not support apartheid. God will help you.
