What a brilliant movie. I admit that this is a very ambitious subject. Just over two and a half hours, this is also a very long film. But none of these pointers is by any means a flaw. Screaming Freedom, despite the minor flaws it may have, is a powerful, touching and compelling film about the history of black activist Steve Biko in his struggle to wake South Africa to the horrors of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. People also complained that there was too much Woods in the film, Biko was missing. Perhaps I am mistaken, but although this is Biko's story, it is told from the point of view of Woods, therefore Woods is an important character in conveying Biko's story to the world. <br /> <br /> “Freedom scream” visually looks amazing. With stunning cinema and stunning South African landscapes, it was a visual feast. The opening scenes were shot especially brilliantly. The music of George Fenton brought real dramatic weight to most scenes. It was elusive in scenes in the second half, but exciting and dramatic in crowd scenes. The script was of exceptional quality, the scenes in the courtroom with Biko were enough to really make you think that this is really high-quality material. The first half with Biko as the main center was always something that could cause emotions, whether it was a police attack on the citizens of South Africa or the death of Biko. The second half is completely about Donald Woods and carries less emotional impact, but is compensated by the way it is removed, performed and written. And there are parts that are truly genuine. <br /> <br /> The performances were exceptional for the whole cast, from the most minor character to the two main ones, there was not a single bad performance. Regardless of the accents that are, but it is so easy to say goodbye to how much you attract performances. Denzel Washington in one of his more understated performances gives a really convincing performance in the role of Biko, and Kevin Kline shows that he can be as good in a drama as he is in a comedy, because he gave a subtle enough idea to match that of Washington . And the chemistry of two men is plausible and never falls on a false note. Penelope Wilton is as beautiful as Donald Wendy's wife, and in any case she is a great actress. From supporting speeches, and perhaps there is some bias, two stand out for me. One of them was Timothy West, who enjoys his role as captain DeWeta. The other was always exceptional John Tou in the brilliantly intimidating cameo role of Kruger. The direction of Lord Richard Attenborough, as usual, is focused and constantly sensitive. <br /> <br /> In general, a truly wonderful film. It is ambitious and long, but does not cease to be convincing, powerful and painfully moving. A definite winner from Lord Richard Attenborough, and deserves much more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
