"The true story of a friendship that shook South Africa and awakened the world." <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough, who shot “The Bridge Too Far” and “Gandhi”, wanted to bring Steve Biko’s story as well as the journey and trouble that journalist Donald Woods went through to get his story told. The film uses two Wood's books for information and the basics, Biko and In Search of Troubles. <br /> <br /> The film takes place in the late 1970s in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip of a terrible apartheid that separates blacks from whites and classifies whites as the highest race. Blacks are forced to live in slums on the outskirts of cities and towns, and they are subject to frequent harassment by the police and the army. We are shown a raid at dawn in the slums when bulldozers and armed police make their way through the camp, beating and even killing people. Then we meet Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of a popular newspaper. After the publication of a negative story about black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington) Woods is sent to meet him. At first they fear each other, but they soon become good friends, and Biko reveals the horrors of the apartheid system from the blacks' point of view in Woods. This prompts Woods to oppose what is happening around him and makes him desperately try to bring the story of Steve Biko from the clutches of the white man of South Africa and the whole world. Soon Steve Biko was arrested and killed in prison. Now Woods and his family dare to flee South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I first heard about “The Freedom Cry,” I was under the impression that it was a film entirely dedicated to the life of Steve Biko. I had never heard of Steve Biko before I saw this film, since the events in this film were really ahead of my time. But this is more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border into Lesotho when he tried to elude South African officials. Woods was placed under house arrest for five years after Steve Biko was killed. Therefore, in order to publish his manuscript about Steve Biko, he had to flee. Because the manuscript will be considered treason in South Africa, and this could lead Woods to meet a fate similar to that of Biko. The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as consultants in this film. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington only appeared in the film for the first hour, and I was disappointed because I expected to see him throughout the film. movie. But he was awesome, like Steve Biko, and captured his personality from what I read very well, and his accent sounded perfect. His performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline demonstrates excellent and memorable work in the role of Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is great in the role of his wife Wendy. <br /> <br /> Filming took place in Zimbabwe, because, of course, there were problems when they tried to shoot it. in south africa. While in South Africa, the South African Gestapo followed the film crew everywhere, so they got a bad atmosphere and then broke free and drove to nearby Zimbabwe. Despite everything, and the fact that apartheid did not stop until seven years later, "Crying for Freedom" was not prohibited in South Africa. But the movie theaters showing the film were threatened with an explosion. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of apartheid to the screen with terrible force and determination. He does not hold back at the end of the film, when a show of what was supposed to be a peaceful protest of students in slums, turns into a slaughterhouse when the police open fire on them. The film ends with the names of all the participants in the anti-apartheid movement who died in prison, and the explanations for their death. Many had “Without explanation”. Many of them were “Epilepsy”, which is hard to believe, and many others either fell from the top of the stairs or were “Suicides from hanging”. No one will ever know what really happened to them, but I think it will be fair to say that none of these people died from their own hands, but from the hands of others; or more precisely, at the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> “Cry for Freedom” is a film that you definitely need to watch, because it portrays and tells about Steve Biko. It is also a burning and destructive image of a beautiful land, divided in the hellish grip of racial segregation and violence.
