CRY FREEDOM is an excellent tutorial for those who want to get an idea of ​​the cruelty of apartheid in just a couple of hours. Well-known director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly not new to the genre, but the collaboration between real Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the main white characters in their book and in this film, gives CRY FREEDOM additional authenticity. The video, which is now in the release, actually lasts just over two and a half hours, since 23 minutes of additional footage was added to make it a two-part television mini-series after the initial theatrical release of the film. While the added length serves to reinforce the film’s forgiveness flaws: in particular, the uneven development of characters and, in particular, stereotyping, another possible shortcoming (perseverance in the fate of white characters over the fate of African ones) can work as a force. Considering “Crying Freedom” as a politically and historically educational film (as it seems to me, because of its artistic merits), history is a story that black Africans know too well, although now the younger generation may need to see him in the film for complete impact. It was White who was always the target audience of the film and the book, hoping to make them change. Twelve years after the film was created, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting film to watch. Almost ten years after the black majority rule was, at least theoretically, the ideals of CRY FREEDOM 1987 as a whole remain unfulfilled. Thus, for white South Africans, as well as for young people, who have just heard of these actions, to see them and absorb the film’s messages, there remains the same urgent need. In total contradiction with American slavery and the exposure of the Jewish Holocaust, the struggle of South Africans was told only by two or three stories: "TRY FREEDOM, VISIT A FAVORING COUNTRY" (OK, count twice if you include a remake), and SARAFINA (did I miss one?) the three dramas also awkwardly show American and British actors in both white and black roles. No South African actor played a major role, white, color, Indian or black!). And yes, I missed another international South African drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this (also highly recommended) biopic was released after the rule of most blacks was introduced, MANDELA was played by an American black (Sidney Poitier, who also played a major role in SA's original CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY film), while while “Afrikaner Deklerk” played a (very bald) very British Michael Caine, not a bad performance if you can deny that the very essence of Afriyanerdom is frantic anti-British feelings. Until local SABC television and African films start talking about their own heritage, CRY FREEDOM is almost as authentic as you are. Despite the fact that the film depicts whites (especially Afrikaners), any observant (not random) visitor to South Africa even now, in 1999, not to mention 1977, when CRY FREEDOM occurs, usually finds that the ratio of whites to black holding back. even understated. Looking back at CRY FREEDOM, it is surprising that reconciliation can take place at all, and it is. But CRY FREEDOM at that time shows that so far little has changed in the minds of many people, and that the goal of black Africans with regard to FREEDOM and reconciliation is still ongoing. That's why if you're new to this situation, CRY FREEDOM is your best idea.
