In a sense, Crimshild's Wrath surpasses Siegfried's Death, but he also loses some of the greatness of this film. The plot of this more cohesive than the first, which is quite amazing. The second half of this poem is much careless and much harder to go through, until, that is, you get to the climactic battle scenes; Only the Iliad is better. Lang and Harbu embellished the Huns. The compiler poet Nibelungenlied did not know the Huns by his right ball, and as a result they, more or less, are the same as the Burgundians by custom. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is Crimhilda’s main concern when Rudiger tries to convince her to marry him) when she gets to Hanland, the first thing she does is go to mass. The Huns here are clearly pagans; they are almost like a caveman. Their image is funny, especially Verbal, a jester, who has two wonderful scenes. Character Etzel was given more weight. He is much more formidable. All he does is mourn his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbu masterfully manage to build tension, especially in the banquet scene, which with a stunning effect intersects with Verbal's second performance. Nevertheless, like the character of this half of the poem, the film’s amazing technical achievements are largely absent, with the exception of the dazzling sequence when the Etzel hall burns down along with the Nibelungs inside. The only thing I have to object to is how Harbu changes the ending. SPOILERS: in a poem after Hildebrand captures Hagen and Günther, they are imprisoned. Crimhilda visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he show where he hid the horde. He refuses, and she decapitates her brother herself. When Hagen still refuses, she beheads him. Hildebrand (or perhaps Dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman can afford to kill a great warrior that he, in turn, decapitates her, calling her a "woman of the devil." Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says something stupid: “Oh, me!” I can understand why they want to keep the unity of time and place when Hildebrand takes them out of the castle; maintaining the prison conditions of two deaths would make the film very anti-climatic. I also understand why Hildebrand did not kill Crimhild: his character here is greatly reduced; his name is mentioned only once. But the fact that Crimhilda committed suicide by accepting Brinhilda’s death from Icelandic sources simply serves the audience, and does not challenge them. The meaning of the poem is that the anger of Krimhilda goes far beyond what follows into the realm of pure evil. Here we just make her die for lost love. This is not so interesting.
