The absurdly funny and strikingly human story about jealousy and infidelity surrounding marriage with beetles, the pioneer of Russian animation Vladislav Stavrich, “Revenge of the Cinematographic Operator” (“Revenge of the Operator” or “Revenge of the Cinematographer”) is a delight of early animation, filled with highly effective puppet movement without stopping and by imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs. Beetle has a marriage without incident, and both crave more excitement in their lives. Mr. Zhuk’s wishes can only be satisfied by a beautiful exotic dancer at the nightclub "Gay Dragonfly", which he visits whenever he makes a "business trip" to the city. She is the only one who understands him. Another fan of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that Mr. Zhuk stole his lady, and judging by his fate, he is also a cameraman. The cunning grasshopper follows Mr. Zhuk and his acquaintances in a hotel room, where he shoots their exploits through a keyhole. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Mrs. Zhuk also bought a friend to add excitement to her life, He is an artist, and he brings her a picture as a gift until they both settled on the sofa for some intimacy. However, at this moment, Mr. Beetle returns home and becomes a witness to the whole spectacle. When Mr. Beetle sneaks through the front door, a friend of the artist climbs through the pipe, but he does not run away without Mr. Beetle at first not expressing his anger and frustration at it. <br /> <br /> There is a certain irony in the statement that follows: “Mr. Zhuk is generous. He forgives his wife and takes her to the movies. ” He is generous enough to forgive her, and yet he was equally unfaithful just a few minutes ago. However, at the moment we still have not forgotten the jealous cameraman who was preparing his revenge, and it is not surprising that he is a projectionist of the film, in which Mr. and Mrs. Beatle are involved. Suddenly, in the film they enjoy, a record of Mr. Zhuk’s disloyalty suddenly appears, and an angry wife hits his head with an umbrella, and then a frightened and angry husband jumps through the cinema in search of a grasshopper. <Br /> <br /> In the final scene, both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, now somewhat more grateful to each other, are serving time in prison for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle was trying to get revenge. We really hope that "Zhukov's home life will be less exciting in the future?" This film may seem like a simple story of the appearance and disappearance of small insect species, but Starevich reports much more than that. This is not a story about beetles ?? This is a story about us. And this is amazingly accurate, isn't it ?!
