For fans of animation, this is a must, but even ordinary viewers will enjoy THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE, a very early example of the “pixelation” of the hardworking pioneer Vladislav Starrevich. Starevich and his assistants painstakingly manipulated a group of flexible insect figures to tell this story, paving the way for people like Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harrihausen and the legions of modern digital effects makers. <br /> <br /> Camera Revenge lasts only about 10 minutes, but contains many funny details, as the story follows the love adventures of two beetles from their home to a nightclub, a hotel, a cinema and, finally, a prison cell . The nightclub has two short dance numbers (performed by a frog and a dragonfly), a fight between a beetle and a grasshopper and a large donnibrook in the cinema, which ends with the projector lighting up. Quite difficult events in 1912, when even John Bray and Winzmer McKay were just starting, and Walt Disney was still in elementary school! <br /> <br /> It is also interesting to note how the change in silent film title cards may have been related to the story being told. I saw two versions of this film offered by two video companies, and I watched them closely, and although the image itself is almost identical, two different sets of headings tell two completely different stories. (And the plot sketch that someone provided above tells another story, which suggests that there is another version somewhere.) The seal of the British Film Institute, which has rhymed headings, tells the story of two brother beetles, each of who are secretly married and hiding this information from each other in order to inherit the condition of their late father. The other, the Russian press, tells a simpler story about married beetles, each of whom is guilty of treason. In the Russian version, Mr. Zhuk visits his girlfriend at the nightclub “Gay Dragonfly”, and in the English version, Brother Bill Beatle visits his wife in a music hall. Personally, I prefer straight and spicy Russian history; The BFI version tries to squeeze too much of the plot into what should be a simple story, and some of the rhymes are a bit clumsy. <br /> <br /> However, in any performance of “The CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE” is a delightful movie, and would make the perfect entry into another great animation work with beetles, YELLOW SUBMARIN.
