Mary Pickford often stated that Tess Skinner was her favorite movie role. Well said! She played the role twice, and for this version, which she herself prepared, she not only had to acquire rights from Adolf Tsukor, but even give him credit for the film’s main title card. Needless to say, her image of this role is most advantageous here. In fact, in my opinion, the film itself is rated as one of the greatest silent film experiences of all time. <br /> <br /> True, director John S. Robertson doesn’t move his camera an inch from start to finish, but in Robertson’s able hands, this influence is not only irrelevant, but probably more effective. Robertson is a creative artist of the first rank, master of tempos, angles and editing. He also drew brilliantly natural performances of all his players. Jean Gersholt, who plays hard, is so disgustingly disgusting that it is hard to believe that he is the same person as the good Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes performs one of the best acting work in his entire career. Yes, Mrs. White is probably not the way it was planned, but she perfectly serves the plot, because otherwise it would be difficult for us to explain why dope spent a fortune on defense, but would not make the slightest attempt to find out who business shot from a gun that killed his future. brother-in-law! Needless to say, this special quality of the handsome hero is understated by Jack Ging in the 1960 version, which also completely rules out the author’s fierce attack on middle-class complacent Christianity. Notice how well-washed the priest moves forward a step or two with surprise at the interruption, but then makes no attempt to help our brave little heroine in carrying out the duties that he himself had to perform. This is indeed a very touching scene, because it is so realistic. <br /> <br /> “Tess” also gives an insight into the work of another great actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was completely limited to silent films. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote her life to her husband and their two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but she lived until 1976, she could easily be contacted in Pasadena, but I bet that no one was smart enough to interview her. Another opportunity missed! <br /> <br /> Forrest Robinson made only a minor impression on me as Skinner. I thought he was a little mistaken, and a brief look at his filmography proves it: he usually played priests or judges! But David Torrens, as usual, was great. <br /> <br /> In general, an expensive production with a beautiful photo and excellent production values.
