If this were the original version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY of 1914 (also with Mary Pickford in the lead role), I would probably rate it much higher, since this kind of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was pretty typical for teenagers. However, by 1922 this film had already begun to show its age. And, compared to many other Miss Pickford films (for example, “Daddy Longlghes”, “Sparrows”, “My best girl” and “Jumping”), Tess has a little less - and not every Pickford film deserves 10 (even if she was “Beloved America”). "). This does not mean that this is a bad film - of course not. But I just don’t see how many people gave this film 10. <br /> <br /> The film has a very long and complex plot - especially because most of the films of that era were shorter. A rich old crank builds a mansion atop a hill next to a river. At the foot of the hill there are several dirty squatters, whom he hates, but whom he cannot evict. Therefore, he is trying to come up with different ways to get them out of the country. One ends in tragedy when the bridegroom of his daughter dies in a fight with the guys. The man accused of murder is the father of dear old Mary, although he is innocent. Worse, the only witness to this murder will not speak, and the dead man became pregnant with his bride! So, at the moment in prison there is an innocent man awaiting execution, and a pregnant woman who is afraid to tell her sanctimonious father that she is “family-like”. There is something else in the film, for example, that the son of eccentrics falls in love with Mary, but the best thing is if you watch the movie yourself. <br /> <br /> The film surpasses all others in some ways. The plot, although very complex, is also quite interesting, and the cinematography is first-class. The very final scene is also pretty sweet. However, there is so much obvious sentimentality here that you can practically cut it with a knife. Mary is SO good, SO pretty and so brave, sometimes it can be difficult for the viewer to accept all this. Although in 1922 it worked perfectly (making it the biggest star in the world), today it is very outdated. This does not apply to all of her films, but this one certainly is. <br /> <br /> By the way, the entertainment DVD has a decent quality, although some scenes have degraded a lot and this is not true. very surprising, considering the age of the film. In addition, the only additions included a brief filmography.
