Madhur Bhandarkar gave it all raw. But the best part is that he did not forget to give the ingredients. It became short and clear for the viewer, and now the audience will have to make a choice. Page 3 is the revelation of naked truth, no matter how rude it is. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist, she likes her work. A simple and relaxed life loves her with a caring boyfriend and sweet roommate Pearl. She covers page 3 (Celebrity Page) of Nation Today, where she has a very supportive editor Deepak Suri (Boman Irani). But life is replaced for her when she hits the first step, removes herself from page 3 and goes into crime a little. Omigosh! a whole new world was waiting for her there. She is shocked, agitated, overwhelmed by the revelation. Her reaction led to the loss of work. At the end she returns to page 3. Now, when she meets a celebrity at a party, she knows what each of them looks like, hidden under a ghostly face. <br /> <br /> There is a message in the film, and it is raw. The audience should receive it in its own color. The theme and script were fantastic. There are some very good thoughts for preparing an audience. Just as foreplay-club is demonstrated before an exhibition of pedophiles, a short wait before gay shares in the bathroom. The dialogue is strong and the actors are really good at it. Two words of Charu Mohanty say many things, and he very successfully utters these two words with such ingenuity that it leaves an effect. The established choices could be better. The songs are not worth anywhere; but they were needed in the background. Atul Kulkarni plays a small, high-impact role. There were several visible flaws. Atul Kulkarni explains Konkan Sharma that honesty must be marked along with reason. There could be a better dialogue, as this sounds like a sermon. Meeting Tapar and his daughter does not require acting skills. This scene looks very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a film that you definitely need to see, with selective options before the incident with pedophilia. It can ruin your mood.
