Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film, which should reveal the lifestyle of the rich and famous, as well as comment on the integrity of journalism today. <br /> <br /> Celebrity parties are endless, they like to be shown at these parties, and get proper media coverage. In fact, the film would have made us believe that this revelation makes celebrities of the secular people, and newspapers are of great importance in this. IMO, there is much more synergy between celebrities and the media, and this is a relationship like "I need you, I need you." However, the media need celebrities more, and not vice versa. Anyway, in this environment of regular parties, a social column (p. 3 of the newspaper) by the reporter Konkan Saint Sharma has been thrown. She is shown as this celebrity, very popular at public events. She has a good friend in the gays Abhijit and the struggling model Rohit (Bikram Saludzha). Is she a room with a flight attendant ?? Sassy Pearl (Sandhya Mridul) and fighting actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani, and the reporter of the crime bat with a fiery brand is Atul Kulkarni. There are too many scenes and characters in the film, but it works at a certain level. It seems that the rich for the most part rotted to the depths of the soul, the cinema business seemed incredible to the maximum with the casting scenarios, the exploitation of power, the thirst for exposure in the media. All this is layered on homosexuality, homosexual confrontation, which, it seems, has nothing to do with history or plot, rampant drug use, pedophilia, the police "faced" with death. In the light of all this desire for Pearl to have an extra-rich husband, a secular daughter, sexually engaged in a car, the boughs of women seem to be good woes. <br /> <br /> There is an absolutely excellent acting game in the film. Konkan Saint Sharma, Atul Kulkarni almost does not play a role ?? sorry for my opinion. But the cast is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). This is what saves the film for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites off a lot more than he can chew or process on celluloid, and turns the film into a free kick for everyone. I would like him to focus on one or two aspects of social problems and explore them more effectively. He scolds social exploitation, but he uses all the ingredients of the masala necessary for the success of the film. We have a product number as part of a Bollywood theme party, children with drugs are dancing a perfectly set dance with a Western rhythm. I hope that the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar will dare to throw away even more stereotypical ingredients of the film in Hindi. The film is a bold (albeit erroneous) effort that is definitely worth seeing.
