Page 3 is one of those films that Madhur Bhandarkar makes in society. The film is convincing, but, like most Bhandarkar films, it is one-sided and overly pessimistic. This film is about tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrity. The film tells about the life of people whose way of life is disastrously boorish, original and repulsive. They have parties, they don’t need anything but fame, they plan to have funeral parties, they crave more money and a higher reputation, they will do everything to get proper media coverage so that their names can be easily printed on the social networks of the daily newspaper known as “Page 3” with huge photos that will be the center of people's discussions. They seek attention, obscene and hypocritical. The film industry is shown as sloppy, with the couch - a common occurrence among directors. This is where our beloved heroine is thrown, the young reporter of the social column Madhvi Sharma. All of these people from the Mumbai elite depend on her articles, and she is the right person to make friends at these parties if you want her to mention you in her article. Later in the film, we learn that even those who are friends of Madhvi are no different from these people from high society. It was a difficult viewing for me, although the film is undoubtedly brave, and the problems with which it deals are interesting. <br /> <br /> Movie music is average. The only passable songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", performed by the two queens of the melodies Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, respectively. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. One of the songs that was especially terrible was "Filmy Very Filmy". Writing a movie is pretty good. The second half is much better than the first because it turns out to be more real and reveals much more important issues, such as terrorism and child abuse. This is where the film should applaud. It was sad to know that people would rather ignore such crimes because of fear, and it was very easy to relate to Concona Saint Charmes’s character’s disappointment. She was superb throughout the film, and her performance in the last few scenes was especially impressive. Atul Kulkarni’s participation was very small, but he fully paid tribute to this. Boman Irani is solid as newspaper editor. Sandhya Mridul is attractive as Madhvi's cheeky roommate, Pearl, who marries an elderly man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The ending of the film is really well done, and gives a certain sigh of relief after an unimaginably difficult process. Page 3 is a good film, interesting and at times moving, but the level of its interest and its overall quality is overshadowed by its exaggerated, overly dirty and negative image of the rich and famous.
