During a visit to Romania with his CIA father Tony (Adam Arkin), a rather talented high school quarterback who is considered the savior to lead his team, finally, to victory over rival Simpson, tells the potential palmist (.. in Romania, people are not allowed a lot of books, so she took up reading the palm of her hand) to be bitten by a werewolf (“When the moon is full, do not make appointments ... you will be busy”). Well, who would have thought that ... Tony is really bitten, and his life will change forever. After his father, unfortunately, died as a result of an accident in his air raid shelter (!) Under strange circumstances (shooting at his son werewolf in a metal bomb shelter is not a good idea, especially if the bullet does not leave the room and jumps around like a pinball who has gone berserk), Tony travels around the country for endless years, until he is tired of collecting things, and returns decades later (... and many US presidents) to hopefully lead his football team to victory over Simpson .. . the task, which he refused long ago. What was once a very white, clean school really turned into a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion. To get an idea of ​​what the high school graduation night of the early 80s looks like, think about Studio 54 with teens. <br /> <br /> Larry Cohen’s parody of werewolf clicks, among other things, is overflowing with gags, homage and jokes. My favorite episodes contain one in the classroom, where Tony shows the 80s class its transformation of a werewolf and the opening scene for Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the film when Kenneth Mars is not on screen), quite possibly the worst psychiatrist on Earth. His task is to dissuade the jumper leads to the fact that two people fall from the balcony ... jumper and fireman (trying to dissuade him from this first), both are angry at Brand! The brand is even trying to get Tony to sign an agreement that his body is donated to science so that he can buy a fur coat for his wife! Kenneth Mars made me roll on the floor as a homosexual coach (... and later in the 80s as a director), who likes to stroke his players on the heels ... his scene where Tony unloads the truth in classic sex. The film is filled with an inspirational choice of actors .. Just overwhelmed with funny characters and acting interpretations ... for example, Ed McMahon as a very conservative military blowjob, which actually looks identical to Joseph McCati, standing next to his photograph in an air-raid shelter (.. always talking about communicative things) Joanne Nail in the role of bulging Ricky nowadays, who falls in love with a werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman ("Blue Piglet") as a muscular, boring sexually touched (.. and seducer) teacher who finds f to Tony, James Dickson as a deputy (... in his wonderful scene, he stole a line from the police chief telling her to Dr. Brand, who begins to pronounce the words to himself for memorization), Rose Kelly as Jane, an immortally devoted woman who wants Tony only constantly demanded that he rape her, and Bill Kirchenbauer in the role of Flynn, longtime friend of Tony, and now the police chief, who got Jane only after his girlfriend left the city. I can not forget JM J Bullock, as the hidden gay son Flynn, trying to fit into the school in the hope of finding a lady with funny results. <br /> <br /> I like how the film pays homage to the werewolf genre, for example, when he is on a hunt ... he is often referred to in newspapers as Jack Tweezers, because he likes to bite his victims on the cheek .. and I I do not speak face. It is viewed as irritation rather than danger. Respect for Carrie and Psycho is nice, and the violin is also fun. Cohen throws so many viewers into the viewer that, after all, you have to stick. Obviously, in such a comedy, not every joke hits the target, but many do. The cast makes it worthwhile. The film looks cheap on a typical Larry Cohen budget. Pay attention to the scenes of the 50s, when the obvious old actors who appeared in the future wore brilliant wigs. He loved Adam in charge ... he is the perfect foil for the gags that follow him and the zingers he lets go of Cohen's script. The film moves quickly, rarely with bated breath. I liked this horror comedy more than it seems.
