I am not joking about this resume and vote! Video distributors packaged it as another typical werewolf movie of the 80s, but in fact this is the greatest scam of the horror genre you can imagine by making for the horror movie what Burning Saddles did for a western. I saw a lot of comedies - good, bad, stupid, strange, etc. (As a rule, leaving without a trace), and I think that comedy should be the most difficult genre for directors and actors - you only need the right kind of touch to make things successful, and in part it has good ideas. "Full Moon High" is filled with good ideas - in fact there are so many of them that they can easily disgrace the Zucker / Abrams team from "Airplane" and "Naked Gun". One of the best of these is the presence of Ed McMahon in the lead role of John Birch’s right-wing nonsense. Jokes, non-tribute, wisdom and pun are literally non-stop, and everything, including the sink, has been added. The ironic tone is very similar to Back to the Future. <br /> <br /> Some people (that is, almost every reviewer here) must have been turned off by the spirit of anarchy here, but I almost died of laughter, and this is one of those films in which you never know what kind of crazy situation will turn out next. Since the extraordinary B-film, Larry Cohen, had not done a direct comedy before, there is a feeling that he was making up for lost time, including any joke that he or his staff could come up with. If Mel Brooks did this, critics would call him a comic masterpiece, but since it was made by Cohen, he was rejected as a slok. Critical reviews called this film too "stupid." SILLY? What kind of comedy should be serious ?! In any case, I laughed louder at this film than any other that I can think of. Cohen laughs at everyone - including himself, with many references to his usual brand of low-budget filmmaking; he and the actors must have had a complete blast doing this. <br /> <br /> Humor is a very small Brooks, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watches a lot of B-movies (especially horror) will love this one. Believe me: the film is not so difficult to find, and as long as you accept it for what it is - the rollercoaster of the belly laughs without any claim to social value - then you will truly enjoy it !! br /> <br /> One sign: this film must somehow go down in history, since Bob Saget has ever been shot (albeit briefly) in the film, which was really funny.
