I don't know why people besides many of the low-cost indie films, but I liked this one, since I'm a fan of urban horror. There are not too many urban horror films, so when I saw this one on the shelf, the name alone showed my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and was surprised ... not so often you come across a low-budget indie horror movie with a BIG game and a good story. Is it a low budget? Yes. Can you say this is a low budget? Yes ... but as soon as you start watching a movie, you are so immersed in history that it does not matter. I also like hip-hop music, and the soundtrack is good! I do not know what happened to all these bad reviews of this film. All I hear is the “worst film ever.” Have these idiots seen EVERY film there? There are thousands of films, how can you classify one of them as the “worst” ever? A video, not a “movie,” like Zombies, may be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can't say it's the worst movie ever, since I haven't seen every movie there. As a result, these people who gave this film bad reviews, probably from the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like films for minorities, city films, films about the ghetto, hip-hop, etc., THEN WHY SEE THESE FILM TYPES !!! !!! knowing you don't like these things? Of course, this is a horror film, but it is not just a horror film, but it is a URBAN horror film with a multicultural composition. I don't like TV shows, such as Dawson's Creek or O.C., they suck out of me. Films like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" suck at me. I'm a guy from New Jersey, and these shows and movies suck. What for? Because I can't relate to them. They do not reach the peak of my interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I will never watch the GARDEN CONDITION 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING CHRISHER 2: Here is the sequel to torment you again, since the first one sucked so badly and I LISTENED TO HUKABORING. Now, back to this movie, as for the saint405 comment above, I don’t know if this guy was crackling a crack or his drunken father "knocked out of the rut" before he watched the movie, but for me everything worked perfectly. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a VERY good job. I am an aspiring actor, I take the theater myself in my school, and I had to play a play where I was supposed to cry, and it’s not easy for me to be emotional in the scene, so I give props to the actors who have to do an emotional scene and can play it from. In any case, I liked this film, and I had never heard of these actors and directors before, but you are betting that I will look for their things for now, and if they read it, GIVE TO THE FOLLOWING NEXT! I'm out. Jerzee presents!
