Welcome to Auckland, where the dead are playing, and even the boys in the hood cannot stop them. This low-budget, direct production of video seems to be timed to the release of Land of the Dead, the last part of the famous zombie series by George Romero. The ghetto environment and the hip-hop soundtrack can provide additional appeal to hounds inside the city. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research center, raising his younger brother Jermain (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, who is bored eating pasta with cheese in their house, preferred to spend time with friends on the street, Marco and Kev. Apparently, African-Americans who dropped out of school in high school can do little on this side of the bay, except to distribute drugs and to quarrel with domestic ones, including rival gangs from Latin America. Ricky plans to sell his deceased parents' home and move into the mainland into the Castro Valley, where there is a more middle class and, apparently, a safer environment. Unfortunately, before this can happen, shooting from a passing car leaves Jermain dead on the porch. Heartbroken Ricky tries out the last desperate ploy. He tells Scotty, his lab technician, to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration formula that they tested on rats. When a double dose is not able to revive Jermain, there is no other option than to call 911. But on the way to the morgue a funny thing happens. The boy is reanimated as a roaring, growling zombie, chewing on ambulance drivers and stumbling into the night, eager for revenge and eager for fresh meat. Intoxicating madness infects more victims, and before night falls, East Bay becomes a battleground between the living and blood-spattered undead. The horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap directors, from Ed Wood to Herschel, Gordon Lewis and Charles Band. But low budgets don't necessarily mean bad movies. Consider the Val Lewton programmers (Cat People, The Leopard Man, The Isle of the Dead), Roger Corman's brief notes, The Night of the Living Dead Romero and John Carpenter’s Halloween. The difference between memorable and terrible is more connected with talent and ambition than with money. The Hood of the Living Dead is more fun than the recent costly horrors of several hundred million dollars. Cheapness has its charms. In really cheap films, the actors wear their clothes in real conditions. Here, the tract houses have recently painted walls in neutral matte colors, giving the darkness just as oppressive as the bourgeois melodramas of Douglas Sirk of the 50s. The lines seem more improvised than the scenarios. "So what the hell are we going to do now?" "Just keep your eyes open to any thing that looks unusual." Ricky and Scotty call their boss, who calls a former military man named Romero. "I have a huge problem, which we must quickly take care of." “Not a problem,” says the mercenary, closing the phone and grabbing a weapon. Everyone has a weapon, and even when they fight zombies, they talk on mobile phones, and who is not now? Information is exchanged with naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We got involved with some crazy bastards." “Deja F N 'vu. This is again that zombie park ... ". Ricky even has to blow off his twitching girlfriend, saying only: "She is out of control." Unlike most zombie films, this motif gives rise to chaos. Jermaine takes revenge on the bandits who shot him, who in turn continue to rumble. This is urban filmmaking, which implies its own social commentary, almost a partisan film, suggesting the future for a low-budget horror that reflects real life, and not supernatural clichés. The Quiroz brothers, who traded in their own names, as if waiting for a new movement, can inspire others to tell stories based on personal experience, rather than imitating a weary Hollywood product. Given their limited resources, José and Eduardo Kiroz made cheap but technically acceptable information about the people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson does his job, Eduardo Kiroza’s music is no simpler than Halloween’s haunting Carpenter theme, and The Darkroom Familia’s hip-hop songs and others add to the atmosphere. The result is promising, if not quite exciting. They learn their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who have never recovered, their next may be one to watch.
