Almost from the very beginning of the movie business there were pictures of "races". Films with almost completely black roles were made by separate Poverty studios (most often not owned by Caucasians) for ghetto theaters. With the growth of urban decline in the 1970s, this idea was revived with a wave of “black blasts” of paintings made for the city houses of Grind, which imposed black actors and a catchy atmosphere on the traditional subjects of B-films. This trend has even spread to horrendous features, with names such as Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill offering versions of the monster for blasting. And it did not die with the closure of most urban theaters ?? he just slowly moved into the video era and continued with low-cost direct-release DVD releases, such as this one. The Hood of the Living Dead by Ed and José Kiroza has recently taken over the popularity of horror films for hip-hop audiences. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Auckland who is trying to save his younger brother Jermain (Brandon Daniels) from trouble after the death of their parents. After Jermaine was shot dead by drug dealers in a car, Ricky decides to use the experimental cell regeneration formula that he works on in an attempt to save the life of a teenager. Apparently, his efforts came to nothing, and Jermain’s body was taken away. However, the body never makes it to the morgue ?? Jermaine resuscitates the coroner's van as a hungry zombie. He kills the drivers, then follows the gang that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he went. Learning from Jermaine's friends Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about attacking gangsters, Ricky feels that the only thing to do is grab Jermaine and try to hide the whole thing before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo ) arrested for the chaos they caused. However, they soon discover that the infection spreads too quickly for them to control. While maintaining simplicity, the Quiroz team manages to create an entertaining little dash of horror, without overstraining themselves to the point that things start to look trashy. Along the way, they also add some interesting business points. When Scott first encounters a zombie, he says to Ricky: “Shoot him in the head like a movie!” ?? as effective as any way to learn how to kill zombies. An extra twist is added when the first headshot does not kill the brain, adding to the viewer anxiety. Another good point is that the soundtrack uses only a limited amount of sub-Eminem-style rap in which standard “creepy” music plays.
