Most of the bad reviews on this site are blamed for “The Hood of the Living Dead” for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) this is a low-budget film, practically inoperative; 2) it was so bad that made me laugh 3) this is what I could do myself. I will not even discuss the first point, because it is a very subjective question, whether you like low-budget and independent material or not. I must say, however, that I still don’t understand people who make a film like The Hood of the Living Dead, and then look surprised when they realize that it’s not as exquisite and cute as the romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mac Konoha. As for the second point, I really do not see what is wrong with laughter. Personally, I love to laugh and I love movies that make me, be it comedies or horror movies. When in “Hammerhead” I saw how this girl entered the puddle, and a shark man came out of it to eat it, I just got mad. And I was grateful that the director shot such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. To be honest, I feel good with laughter, while many write reviews that this is bad, bad. If you want to experience sadness and fear only while watching a movie, “The Hood of the Living Dead” and low-budget films are definitely not for you. But please do not come and do not tell us that you find them ridiculous. We already know that. Most likely, this is why we decided to watch the film first. However, this is the third item that leaves completely bewildered. Just a few years ago, people left the cinema to watch “Project Blair Whitch”, which is more rudimentary, boring, less conspiratorial and bad acting film than the Hood of the Living Dead (and is also flirting with it). seriously too). Moreover, half a million people visit YouTube every day to watch the short films “Lonelygirl15”, which anyone who has a cute girl room and a webcam can surely do! Not to mention all the more amateur videos that you can find there. Why don't people blame these clips for bad action and non-existent conspiracy? I think that this is one of the best things of our time, when everyone, with affordable technology and a group of friends, can make their own films and share them with people who have similar interests. And I feel some admiration for people who spend their weekends with friends, doing a really bad (but refreshing) piece of junk like this, instead of shopping at a mall or playing video games alone. Leave aside your preconceptions and your desire to be like a clever film critic, attacking bi-movies, and you will see that the Hood of the Living Dead can bring you almost as much pleasure as its creators! If you have a taste for refreshing and enjoyable home horror films, I recommend Zombies, Ghosts of Edendale, Eye of the Killer, Monster Man, Don't Look to the Basement, Worst Horror Movie Ever Created by "," Countryman Zombies "," Vampire Slayer of Jesus Christ "and" Habit ".
