The Eye in the Labyrinth is not an ordinary Giallo ... and, frankly, I'm not quite sure that this is really Giallo; but Jallo or not, despite some problems, this is definitely a very interesting little film. I hesitate to call it Giallo, because the film does not show most of the things that make these films as they are; but many records of the genre break the pattern, and this would seem to be one of them. There are no such brutal murders in the film as many Djallo have, but this is offset by a surrealistic atmosphere and a plot that is confusing enough to remain interesting for the entire time. The plot seems simple enough in the sense that it focuses on the doctor who was killed by Julie, his patient, who for some reason sees him as her lover and father and is offended when he goes to her. Then we move to a big house where several people live, but in reality nothing looks like there are a lot of secrets related to various events that took place before Julia arrived ... <br /> <br /> Film it seems that something is saying that the mind is like a maze. It will never work, and I preferred to just sit back and enjoy what is happening, and not worry about the meaning (if any) the film is trying to do. The Eye in the Maze was directed by Mario Caiano, the director of the magnificent Doom Night, a few years earlier. He does not create the atmosphere in this film as in the previous one; but the surrealistic aspects of the story are well revealed, and the secret is always preserved, which prevents the film from becoming boring. Stars of the film Rosemary Dexter, which will delight the eye, and also demonstrates good results. Not to mention most of the rest of the cast, with the exception of Adolfo Celi, who is good as the villain from this play, and Alida Valli, whom worshipers will remember from a number of excellent cult films. The film explains itself at the end; that was lucky, as i'm sure i'm not the only spectator who was more than embarrassed by that time! In general, this cannot be a classic material; but it is good enough and worth seeing.
