This little-known film is a languid and unconstrained giallo. It deviates from some cliché of the genre and uses a freer approach. This is about a woman who is looking for her missing lover; a psychiatrist who suddenly disappeared for no apparent reason. Her search leads her to a villa inhabited by a group of eccentric people. In true giallo style, killing is around the corner. <br /> <br /> The cast is really good. We have Aldofo Seli (Thunderball), Alida Valley (Suspiria), Horst Frank (Cat o Nine Tails) and very young Sybil Danning (queen of the 80s). The lead actress is Rosemary Dexter, and although I am not familiar with her, she copes well with her role in the film. <br /> <br /> One of the distinguishing features of Eye in the Labyrinth is his music. Atypical for giallo, he has a soundtrack for fusion jazz-rock. This score, compiled by Roberto Nicolosi, resembles Miles Davis, especially his work on Silent Way. This is a great soundtrack that really gives this film a different feeling from most movies. The fusion groove emphasizes the languid atmosphere and complements the sunny landscape by the sea, of which the film mainly consists. <br /> <br /> This is a gyallo, so we really need to talk about the murder scenery. Well, this film is a bit behind in this regard. This, of course, is not without them, but they are few. The first kill of a dream is probably the best offer, as well as a memorable sequence of burning cars. But it really is not a particularly brutal film. However, I do not think that this should disappoint too many experienced fans of the genre. The mystery is rather irresistible, and there are rather eccentric characters in it (idiot Saro and IT are anxiously inappropriate duplicate accent?) And strange moments to satisfy; while the factor of meanness is supported by undressing everywhere. <br /> <br /> The Eye in the Maze plays like a giallo version of Agatha Christie’s mystery, since there is a group of unfriendly characters in the villa, all under suspicion of murder; we have the obligatory memories detailing their connection with the last hours of the (extremely unpleasant) murder victim. Although it is not an example of a class A genre, it is certainly attractively different, since it does not borrow too much from other films of this genre. For the giallo enthusiast, I do a thumbs up and hope that one day he will get a good DVD translation. It certainly deserves treatment.
