I have not seen the original "Incredible Journey" since childhood, so I can not compare the two versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat whose owners leave them with friends in the countryside, when the father of the family should get a new job in San Francisco. The animals, believing that they were abandoned, run away and go on a long journey home in the desert. <br /> <br /> This story is easiest to record as a cartoon, but both versions are actually alive. action films made using real animals. One of the main differences is that in the later version, animals speak in human voices, giving each one their own individuality, which was not the case in the original film. (A similar device of talking animals has been used in other recent children's films, such as "Race Stripes"). Some critics were rather unhappy with the use of this device, but I believe that giving animals the distinctive features of their character helps strengthen the film, not weaken it. The animals were voiced by famous stars, Don Amechem, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are males, and their relationships are similar to many people in movies about "buddies". Shadow, a golden retriever, is a wise, experienced senior dog; Most likely, the youngest is audacious, impudent and impulsive. For the British eyes, Chance looks like a boxer, but in fact it is an American bulldog, which obviously differs from its British cousin. Sassy female cat with a rather prim personality. She is very proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes her vastly superior to any simple dog. (“Feline rules, dogs are drooling!”). <br /> <br /> From an adult point of view, the film has several disadvantages; it may be sentimental, some of the incidents (for example, the one in which animals manage to catapult a mountain lion into the river) are absolutely incredible, and the human characters are completely forgotten. This, however, is a film that is mainly intended for children, and I suspect that they will like it very much. Of course, any animal-loving child will do it. (Comments by some professional critics, such as James Berardinelli, who complained that animal voices diminish the “greatness” of the film, only reinforce my opinion that professional critics are not always the best guides for children's films. I doubt that many on the playground about “Homeward Bound”, concentrated on its supposed greatness). <br /> <br /> Adults will appreciate the photo of the mountains of California in the Sierra Nevada. They can also appreciate the mixture of humor and excitement of the film, since escaped domestic animals face dangers such as bears, mountain lions and porcupines in the desert. This is a very nice family movie. 7/10
