This comment contains spoilers! <br /> <br /> Few actors are intangible. It is an innate quality that represents the union of charisma, panache, and swagger. This is a quality that can separate good actors from really great ones. I think that George Clooney has Jack Nicholson. You can look at Clooney’s subtle touches in scenes like his one word, “Goodbye,” by Andy Garcia in Ocean 11, when they simply contemptuously pronounce each other’s name. "Terry." “Danny.” You can choose any number of Jack’s speeches, starting with “Five Easy Pieces” at the snack bar “Some Good People” and the scene of his interrogation in the courtroom. These guys just have it. You can add Denzel Washington to a small and exclusive list of actors who exude this amazing feature in everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive borderline diatribes in “Deposition” on his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in the Spike Lee film of the same name, you will see that today there is no finer actor. I do not mention all this to hint that the Man in Fire is perfect only because of the work of Denzel, but he is definitely the fault of the production. I was literally hypnotized with some of his scenes that are harsh, emotional and fiery at the same time. <br /> <br /> Washington is playing for Christie, a former spy, a CIA agent, or one of those undercover government operatives. He largely hit bottom because he was disappointed in the life he was leading. He killed and may have done what is best not to say, and this made him a hardened and bitter man. His friend and perhaps mentor, whom Christopher Walken plays very restrained, lives in Mexico, earning a living very comfortably by providing bodyguards for the rich. It appears that the kidnapping business in Mexico is so active that these paid ex S.E.A.L.s and others can very well cope with the provision of necessary services. Chrisy needs a job and agrees to work with a well-to-do family, which seems to have some financial difficulties. Marc Anthony is beautiful as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is seductively sexy because his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are just incredibly brilliant and prematurely brilliant like Pete. I do not know how a child of her age can have such a range to play the characters that she makes, but her interpretation of Pete is nothing more than a worthy Oscar. The entire first half of the film depends on the relationship between Peta and Chrisie, and if there were a weaker actress in this role, perhaps this emotional synergy would not be so concise. But Fanning is nothing short of wonderful in this role. <br /> <br /> It is the relationship between Pete and Chrisie that brings this film to the top of the cinema. Together they are perfect, and between them there is a real connection. Tony Scott insanely directs the director's work, and his vision in visual light has never been better. I'm curious to see how his next film Domino will turn out. I think that Scott is one of today's underestimated directors, and with a lot of films like this, his name will surely be promoted to icon status. <br /> <br /> The story tells what Creasy really brings to Pete, and vice versa. There is a definite connection between them, and perhaps this is due to the fact that, although Pete loves his father, he is not so much. He is a philanthropist and obviously spends little time with his family. Soon, Chrisy takes Pete to a swimming competition. He reads bedtime stories to her, and she calls her teddy bear "Krisi". This is not just a friendship between them, it’s rather a relationship, and it seems that there is a deep parental love. <br /> <br /> The film switches when Pete is kidnapped and held for ransom, while Christie is almost mortally wounded trying to protect her. That's where the story gets thick from the understatement and ripens from deception, because the pieces of the plot break up like a bow. And it is here that Denzel becomes a tour de force. As I said earlier, I saw how Denzel gave outstanding performances in films such as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I have never seen him like this. He is an obsessive person, and with the possibility of Pita’s death, he becomes literally a burning man. He rages in him when he hunts down and gives his brand of treats. Denzel's anger and sharpness are ubiquitous and not easily suppressed, as he hunts down every person responsible for violating Pete. This is all fair justice, as the Mexican authorities always seem a step behind. <br /> <br /> In addition, of paramount importance to the daring brilliance of this film is that there are several films that actually give criminals a due advantage. I was often frustrated when I watched movies where the bad guys were easily let go. They inflict all sorts of flour on the entire film, and then take a bullet and die. But not in this film. Writer Brian Helgeland makes sure that the retribution here is unequivocal and painful. The criminals here feel the anger of Cryzy and experience the torments that he unleashes. There is nothing worthless about his brand of justice. He needs information, and someone loses a finger. He wants answers, and the homemade bomb is in places intended for other things. There are no beats, and this is one of the strengths of the film. <br /> <br /> “The Man on Fire” is one of the top five films of 2004. Now that he’s out on DVD, I recommend getting SE. It is loaded with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentaries and various comments. 10/10
