When I remember watching the previews of this film, I didn’t really think about it. It was almost one of those films in which when you see a preview, his stunning film, and then, when it comes out, you don’t hear anything and completely miss it, and your memory doesn’t correct the mistake by skipping it. The man on fire was one of those films. I was curious to rent it once, and I decided to take it home with me, my precious blockbuster rental in my hands. I watched it and witnessed such a beautiful film. It's not like anything else ... drama and action are combined to create something amazingly exciting. The cinematography made by Tony Scott is extremely good and unique, unlike any other film. Subtitles can explain something without even listening to real voices, and music is very intriguing to tune. I got into this film and eventually bought it as soon as I could run away from home and head to Best Buy. I watched it several times now. Denzel Washington (Crisy) does an amazing job, turning into this reckless ex-special forces without a reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pete) returns him to life from the very beginning with his undying love for him. They get closer and become good friends until the notorious gangsters, part of the brotherhood, La Hermandad, kidnap her. Creasey (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that he will hunt down the killers for fear that Pete is dead. This is where Chrisy really shows the person he can become. He uses his contacts from the abduction of Pete and the hospitalization of Christie to find one of the men, and he begins the pursuit. My favorite line from all this is in this film, when Christopher Walken says to an AFI agent: “Man is a work of art, in everything he does ... prepares, whatever. Christie's art is death ... he's about to paint his masterpiece. "He plays a very unique roll of an old partner and friend Chrisie. After finally pursuing his brother from Golos, the leader of La Hermandad. Chrisy arranges a meeting to exchange Pete for himself and Brother Voice. In the end, Creasey dies from his injury, and his wound becomes infected and there is massive blood loss. This is a very sincere and sad ending, but excellent. I love this film and recommend it to anyone who is looking for an unforgettable film. everything is explained from beginning to end and nothing is banal th in any way or by any means.
