“Abductions in Mexico are just as common as honeys who give me their phone numbers, so if you are rich, you will need a good bodyguard to protect you and your children.” The couple hires a washed bodyguard named Chrisie to protect their charming baby Pete. At first, their relationship is a bit erroneous, but after a while, Crisy eases the relationship with the girl, and they develop the relationship between father and daughter. One day, Pete is kidnapped and Chrisy is seriously injured. When he wakes up, he learns that the girl was killed because of unsuccessful redemption negotiations, and this puts Crysee on the way to find the men responsible for her death and to make sure that they are brought to justice. <Br /> <br /> - While watching this movie, keep Tylenol next to you, because after watching you will need a little. I really like the story that we are trying to get revenge, because most films usually just want revenge, but in fact never go too far, when in this film they show how far a person can go to do what he considers correct. The only problem is the annoying visual style that makes you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I’m really sorry for the cinematographer, because I’m sure that he entered this film, thinking that he was going to shoot an action movie, and probably was excited, but instead he was stuck, being DP for a director who believes that the whole movie should it seemed to be possessed by demons. I would not mind if the crappy visual effects were limited to several scenes of action films, but when they spread throughout the film, then we had some problems. The same annoying style was recently used in Domino, and, like in this film, the style damaged this great film. <br /> <br /> - Another person I feel sorry for in this film soon became the great Harry Gregson Williams, who had an impossible task - to compose music from uneven images. Somehow, Williams wrote some good music for the film, but I’m sure that if the film were more stable, the music would have been much better. Sound is misused throughout the entire film, and rather than reinforcing the impression of the film, it rather makes you feel punished. Abuse of the subwoofer is annoying, because every 5 seconds or so you can hear a godless low-frequency sound. I don’t know why Scott thought a subwoofer should bombard an audience, but it really takes you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> - The acting role in the film is a monster, despite the visual effects. Little Fanning does another great job here, and the scene at the end of the film just breaks my heart. If the end of the movie does not make anyone cry, then they are dead inside. Denzel Washington violates his rule not to shoot action films with this film and, fortunately, for him he plays a great character. The very idea of ​​a person who is lost in life and suddenly, because of tragedy, finds a goal in his life, is not something new, but Washington introduces some heart and emotions into another flat character. I like the fact that we are witnessing how he became lonely and learned to experience emotions, and after the abduction he became a cold tool of revenge. Radha Mitchell plays Mark Anthony’s wife, and she and Fanning are two reasons why I can't hate the film too much. H. Lo's husband comes and goes to the movies, but he doesn’t really stand out. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken have minimal roles in the film, but they do have an impact. <br /> <br /> - One thing that makes me laugh is how the filmmakers try to come up with the stupid attitude they depict Mexico by calling this beautiful city at the end of the movie. It's too late for this if you ask me. Let's hope that Tony Scott has completed this stage of deliberately trying to ruin his career, because the director is as talented as he CAN and should do better than this.
