You know that something else is waiting for you when in the film Christopher Walken plays the role of a professional killer, and he is not even one of the bad guys! Despite the fact that it could be done with some reasonable pruning here and there, “Man on Fire” is a generally effective crime drama, varying in tone from frankly sentimental to frankly cruel - and almost every tone that one can imagine imagine. br /> Denzel Washington starred in the role of Chrisie, the former CIA assassin who recently left the business and is seeking a kind of atonement for his sins. Until now, he has been looking for answers in a bottle and in the Bible, and he didn’t cope very well with any of them. When the film opens, Mexico City is devastated by a series of kidnappings aimed at the powerful and secured, possibly committed by the police themselves, who are charged with maintaining law and order in society. Creasy takes the position of bodyguard of the daughter of a wealthy business owner, who rightly fears for her safety. The first third of the film is devoted to the growing friendship between Chrisie and his ward, Pita, a cute little girl who slowly but surely makes her way to the initially bitter heart and feelings of Chrisie. The last two thirds of the film turns into a melodrama "The Avenger-Angel", as Chrisy systematically searches for and eliminates all those responsible for the tragedy that occurred at an early stage in the story. <br /> <br /> According to the novel by A.Ya. Quinnell, Man in Fire, insightfully written by Brian Helgeland and a bright director Tony Scott, is a coolly effective action picture that never shies away from the brutal cruelty of its subject. It takes a risk to ask us to identify ourselves with a person who, in all senses and purposes, is seeking his atonement through torture and murder of (admittedly dubious) people. These scenes of slaughter and violence are both intense and intense, even if sometimes they border on exploitation. Even better are the quiet, intimate moments between Christie and Pete in the first parts of the film. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning establish a natural, relaxed connection that helps set the stage for chaos and unrest. <br /> <br /> Washington carries the film with his quality of stoic righteousness, helping us to understand his character on an emotional level, even if what he does eludes us intellectually. In addition to the two presenters, there are solid performances from Walken, Mark Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it is Washington and the delightful Mrs. Fanning who steal the show. <br /> <br /> “Man on fire” would be better if he spent about half an hour, but this is even better. than the average crime thriller.
