Despite the fact that the film “The Man on Fire” was released among many vengeful action films (KILL BILL VOL. 2; THE PUNISHER; WALKING TALL), it works just as much thanks to the constantly watched Denzel Washington, one of the best Today. <br /> <br /> In the movie “The Man on Fire” based on AJ In the 1980 Quinnell novel (first filmed in 1987 with Scott Glenn) Washington plays a former mercenary who was unlucky and now he is bent on drinking from Jack Daniels flashes until his old partner (Christopher Walken) offers him a chance at redemption. He was hired as a bodyguard for a 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Mark Antony) and his wife of American descent (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning work primarily as oil and water (do not mix very well), he does manage to establish a connection with her, encouraging her to swim better, while he tries to fight the demons of the past, It is this connection will force Washington to return to its former job, when Fanning is kidnapped and held for $ 10 million in ransom, and he is almost killed. Practically with any other hero of the fighting (Schwarzenegger, Seagal, etc.). The subsequent bloodbath would be the same recurring slok that we saw a million times earlier. But the character of Washington, although it kills for some reason, does not particularly like to do what it does. However, he gets help from a very fearless Mexican newspaper reporter (Rachel Ticotin) to expose Hermanidad (Brotherhood), a kidnapping gang responsible for the abduction of Fanning. <br /> <br /> A person in a fire has flaws to some extent due to working with a hyper-camera, editing editing, which almost causes headaches, and various films that are nominal for the course of its director Tony Scott (TOP GUN; CRIMSON TIDE), but which are not necessarily unique to him (witness Oliver) Stone uses the montage in JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his classic films of the 60s and 70s). However, Scott gets a very good speech from Washington, as well as from Fanning, who meets much more than just a typical film fan. The score of the Spanish guitar "Harry Gregson-Williams" south of the border is enhanced by bursts of Chopin, Debussy's soundtrack, and even Linda Ronstadt's classic country-rock version of 1977, "Blue Bayou." Although the film is generally quite brutal, it’s no worse than most of the action films of the past ten years, and overall it’s much better than most.
