Maslin Beach is a real nudist / nudist beach south of Adelaide, on the Flø Peninsula, in South Australia. It is also the name of an Australian film in which the beach was used as a place. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is called a romantic comedy. This may be a little misleading, since it is not a “funny” film, nor is it truly romantic in the traditional sense, but there are some carefree moments in it. Like life itself, there are moments of sadness. It is also completely filmed on the nudist beach mentioned above, and nudity extends the entire length of the film. The viewer quickly learns to perceive it as usual and concentrates on the plot, and not on the abundant amount of meat. <br /> <br /> Simon and Marcy (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car to the beach car park. They take their stuff to the beach, and while they walk, Simon's voice speaks of his confusion about what true love is. The rest of the film is a study of this, created by one full day on the beach. The main story is about what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters outlined in several separate vignettes. <br /> <br /> When they arrive at the beach, Simon and Marcy seem bored with each other. Marcy sees in them a romantic couple “Romeo and Juliet”. Simon is just sick of it all. Next we get to know Gale (Bonnie-J. Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They walk along the beach together, discussing Gale’s chances of finding the “perfect” person who is assisted by the “ability” of the necklace, which brought good luck to her grandmother. However, there are much more interesting people on the beach, not all of them are “attractive” and young (part of the realism of this film). <br /> <br /> Meteorism, a short seller of ice cream with a van, is characteristic of serving beach patrons. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), Simon's friend, as well as his informal advisor. I think this character is the main comic element. It is difficult to say, because there is nothing in Ben that could make you laugh out loud, unless you were drunk, man and very young! Maslin Beach does have a major feature of redemption, and this is that it does not stop for too long on any subject. Since the quality of the game varies, the scenario is suspicious, and everything about Olive Beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a positive boon. In fact, in this film there is something (not nudity) that I like. It is difficult to determine what it is, but it may be due to its stupidity and direct "Australian" attitude to carnal affairs. <br /> <br /> The filming work on Maslin Beach deserves a mention. Sometimes this is very good, with some amazing static shots and “pans” of the beach, rocks and sunset. Since nudity is a major factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of camera work. In framing, there is no point in gratitude, which means that framing is done so that the camera does not linger on “private” parts of the body. This helps to weaken any sense of discomfort of the viewer from being in the “personal space” of the subject and makes the film more tasty. This is not an easy task, given the location for filming. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is not a “slap on the skin” for post-pubescent males with a testosterone charge, nor the novel “Mills and Boone” for undervalued women, Maslin Beach doesn't seem to fit anywhere in the genre. The actors are not “attractive” in the sense of Baywatch, but simply “normal” people who can be seen on the beach anywhere. He has no information that can be conveyed, and he will not even become an advertisement for tourism, except, perhaps, for naturists. In addition to the Australian accent, the shooting could take place in any sunny country. What makes this film distinctly Australian is the fact that it is pointless (cinema verite?), And only Australian cinema and other average national cinemas could consider such a rash option. At the same time, in these medium-sized movie theaters there is a place for experiments in search of identity, and “failure” will not damage their reputation too much. It is always possible, considering that Maslin Beach is now collectible, that the film may become popular all over the world, but this is very unlikely. <br /> <br /> During this criticism, I sometimes sounded extremely negative about Maslin Beach. This is not a real position, as it seemed to me that the film is very easy to watch. I enjoyed it as a reflection of close reality and real people (and problems). The problems encountered in the film are everyday, and a bit spectacular. In my opinion, this is not harmful, and I would like as many films as possible to cover everyday life. There is a connection with cinemas in Europe and, in particular, with a French film. They rarely deal with major disasters or catastrophes, but with everyday ones. Hollywood is in direct conflict with this and moves along the crest of a hyperreal wave of action / drama / fear. The pace in Hollywood is also much higher, but it is not a reality. Maslin Beach is also not exactly “Jacques Tati”, but it is on the right track, even if it ignores issues of multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation, etc., which are so important in modern cinema. I am sure that you will love or hate this film with a little space for the middle. <br /> <br />
