The Muppets Show in Manhattan is very different from any other Muppets film that has been shot so far. For one, it remains the only film of Muppet, not owned by Disney. As of 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release), although Disney owns the rights to the dolls. In addition, this film has a storyline that is very non-linear, and events that are otherwise unpredictable. <br /> <br /> Of course, it’s very difficult to beat the original 1979 film “The Muppets”, especially after that film I had more memorable songs than Manhattan’s. Nevertheless, one of the ways that “Muppets take Manhattan” is better than “Muppets” is, perhaps, surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first film, all the dolls really need to do is to go to Hollywood, go to the agent’s office, and they are immediately given the “Rich & Famous” contract. In this film, the dolls learn that they really need to work to achieve the desired success, and it is much more difficult to do this, especially in the entertainment industry, than they originally thought. This is an important and often overlooked message, provided that someone is ready to suspend disbelief that dolls, small and made of cloth, do not have to live in a spacious place or even eat accordingly. First of all, their struggle to do this after graduating from college creates a very good story. Another note: the celebrities in the movie were cool, and they suddenly managed not to divert attention from the doll. This ability is testament to Henson and how attractive Muppet characters were to even adults. <br /> <br /> Where Manhattan collapses, and I’m sure that people will not agree with me, with some of the key songs, especially at the end. I thought that the wedding song “He will make me happy” was too dark for such a happy occasion as a wedding. It sounded more like a song played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, listening to this song causes me to be extremely depressed, especially when the movie starts with such an optimistic number as “Together Again” and ends happily. “Saying Goodbye” was also a sad number, but it fit better into the film because the dolls disbanded and were not sure that they would see each other again. This last song was so disappointed, and perhaps even aggravated the sufferings of young viewers when their favorite dolls left the big screen. <br /> <br /> “The Muppets Take Manhattan” is generally a good movie that goes to the beat of another drum than other Muppet films, including new ones made after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the film goes in the same direction. I just wanted the movie to end with a better song that wasn’t so sad. In addition, Disney was supposed to get the copyright to this film and give it a proper DVD release. Maybe one day. We'll see.
