It was the third Muppet film, and the last one, in which Jim Henson participated in the making of the film before his premature death in 1990. The first three films with the participation of famous characters were shot and released into cinemas before I was born. I initially saw the first and second installments in the original trilogy “Puppet Film” and “The Big Caper Doll”, approximately in the mid-nineties, as a child, but did not see this third, “Manhattan Dolls”, until April 2007. It happened soon after I first saw his two predecessors and Muppet's Treasure Island in 1996. This third Muppet film definitely did not disappoint me when I first saw him, and my second viewing almost three years later might not have made me so much experience, but if not, oh, of course, he didn’t go too far down. <br /> <br /> Muppets ’stage musical“ Manhattan Melodies "turns out to be very popular on their campus. They finish college, so they leave soon, but decide that they all stay together and go to Manhattan to arrange their show on Broadway. After their arrival, they begin to look for a manufacturer, but after many failures, they finally decide to leave and go look for work. Most of them leave the city, but Kermit remains, and is still determined to find a suitable manufacturer and reunite the Muppet gang. He gets a job at a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete. Frog quickly became friends with her daughter, Pete Jenny, an aspiring fashion designer who currently works at her father’s restaurant as a waitress. As Kermit continues his attempts to achieve fame, now with the help of Jenny he does not know that Miss Piggy has secretly stayed in New York and is now spying on him. She begins to see Kermit and Jenny together, and it seems to them that they are approaching, which leads to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I watched this movie a second time, at first it seemed to me disappointing. It seemed a bit hasty, unfocused and perhaps even forgotten from the start. There are some funny episodes in this part of the film, such as “Animal”, chasing a woman among the spectators on campus, but for a while the film seemed boring to me compared to its two predecessors. Fortunately, quite a bit of time has passed. The film is mostly entertaining, with “Saying Goodbye,” a poignant song that the dolls sing when they leave, and a lot of things happen after that. The two funniest parts MAY be Miss Piggy's tantrums after she saw Kermit and Jenny hug, but I was definitely laughing many times, for example, poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with other bears. The doll still has its charm and comic antics, which obviously also helps in most of the film, as the plot, simple, but intriguing for all ages. There are several weaker points, such as the sequence of the Muppet babies, and Julian Donald’s role in the role of Jenny, which is not too dull, but none of these problems is too significant and far from sufficient to spoil the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I would say “The Muppet Film,” the film that launched the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy, and this seems to be the most popular opinion. This third film is probably the weakest of the three, but they are all good. Unlike “Dolls from Space”, the third of the theater films in the franchise, made after Henson’s sad passage, at least, “Dolls to take Manhattan” is still dolls! I will not go into details about what I think about the 1999 Muppets film, released twenty years after their first, as I already explained in my review why I find him so disappointing, and although he does have some kind of appeal I'm clearly not alone. However, every theatrical film that featured cute dolls shot during Henson’s life is good fun for the whole family, even if the second and third episodes show a slight decrease in quality after the one that immediately preceded it.
