Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of the film. This is not a problem here. Cheese sets, inside and out. The fog is omnipresent, half obscure the meanness of production. If there is a bar, the name written on the front window says simply: “Wine and spirits”. The result is a claustrophobic scene set. Not a single shot of a city or even a fake horizon. This is the very Dublin about which this story is told, just like the Jack the Ripper films tell about the dirty, hazy, white-chip Cobblestone. Who would want it differently? How could it be otherwise, without the stars suitable for banknotes, with a small budget and a four-week filming schedule? The action follows suit - outrageously rude from all sides. My God, sometimes it is painful. Mrs. McFillips groaned after Frankie was shot dead near the house. Victor McLaughlin, however, shows the right results. The wardrobe shoved him into a too-small jacket, so he seemed to burst out of him like a Frankenstein monster. It seems his every move goes a little further than expected. When he puts a cap on his head, he takes himself to the temple. A big, raging, grumbling child, he seems to be constantly drunk. He betrays his best friend for a reward that takes him and his future girlfriend to America, not a good guy in the usual sense. And yet we wince when he starts spending 20 pounds, more and more during a wild, alcoholic night, because every dear and grand gesture takes him away from his sleep. I would not argue, but I can understand why he won the Oscar. <br /> <br /> As for the Max Steiner account, that’s yes. Every movement that has already been experienced is not only underlined by Mickey Mouse’s music, but also highlighted in glossy yellow. That shouldn't have happened - the heavenly choruses, the charming young spell, the minstrel, the bubbling tune, while McLaughlin drinks from the bottle. It would be better if there were no points at all. <br /> <br /> Well, how is it in general? Dated - by any measure, but not a product of his time. That is why I admire this. Yes, symbolism at times clumsy. McLaglen, a real fool, hit his head on a hanging sign. Fog. Blind But what impresses me is how little it was tried at that time. What seems overly expert to us today was in 1936 something completely different from what was seen by most programmers at the time. If not enough from time to time, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, politically and morally, as well as poetic. (The Legion of Decency condemned it because of the scene in the brothel.) Should the director's goal exceed his grip, or what is the script for? Watching it now, however, in 2006, the story is more alarming than ever. John Ford clearly sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only from what they consider necessary. ("He knows too much to live. What if he goes to Tan? I wonder if jihadists in the Middle East are using similar logic to justify their acts of violence?"
