In the mid-1930s, Hollywood regained confidence after the difficulties associated with switching to a walkie-talkie. Although all technical problems with sound were solved very quickly, it took more time to resolve questions about how talking pictures should look, how they should be structured and how they should act. The informer is a key picture in the sense that it shows the extent to which wordless moments can convey a story, asserting powerful images, without ignoring the need for sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> One cannot say that the Informer is truly a return to the golden days of silence. First, many silent pictures were not so visually visual and were overloaded with title cards. But Informer has the confidence that he prolongs the moments between the dialogues, focuses on the reactions more than on speeches, and allows the pictures to play just for the sake of the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, despite all his abilities, was a director who seemed to make an effort in proportion to his interest in the material. If he thought the story was stupid, he just did it in half. Fortunately, Informer, with his image of the community, honor, the life of the working class and, most importantly, the Irish environment, was all that Ford loved, and the result is one of his best works. In this, Ford only really uses too many shots. The first of the places ?? the streets of Dublin are shrouded in mist and darkness, so their farthest depths are not visible; dirty interiors where walls and ceilings seem to weigh on us. The second is individuals who throw themselves at a close-up against a simple background, usually without dialogue, focusing us on the internal conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> The protagonist, Victor McLaglen, fits perfectly in this character and in this manner of filming him. Speech McLuglaine is not very similar to the fact that he is 90% drunk actor. But the remaining 10% are sincere emotions, because in some places his Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics call the moment of clarity. With such performances Oscar won. McLaglen is supported by an accurate cast of support, among which there are no weak links. In particular, it’s nice to have Donald Mick and Una O'Connor who can usually be seen only in comic relief roles playing direct dramatic roles (although Mick does have one or two jokes, the tone of the scene and most of his manners) is serious) . Not only do these two give incredibly deep ideas, their familiarity with the majority of viewers, as comedians give an added note to the severity of their role in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, which created Informer, was perhaps the most enterprising and willing to risk all the major studios. Because of this, we can see a dark story with a despicable antihero in the center, which could easily be an awkward, overly serious confusion, instead filled with a dark atmosphere and character depth that makes us look and draws us into our world.
