Once again, early morning television proves an invaluable resource for films that I could never otherwise track down. At four o'clock in the morning I got out of bed to start recording Informer (1935), my fourth film from American director John Ford, and that excellent one. The scenario, established during the Irish Civil War in 1922, was adapted by Dudley Nichols from Liam O'Flaherty’s novel of the same name. Although he was born in the United States and is best known for his films “Americana,” both Ford’s parents were Irish, which explains the director’s decision to make a film. Victor McLaughlin plays Hypo Nolan, a rude but good-natured hooligan who talks about an old friend, Frankie MacFillip (Wallace Ford), to get a £ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Graham). When Frankie is killed during his arrest, the Irish Republican Army, of which Frankie and Hypo were members, begins to investigate the traitor who caused the incident, and each clue brings them closer to the real criminal. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, Hypo suffers from guilt for the untimely death of his friend and falls into drunkenness, which rivals Don Byrnam in Lost Weekends (1945) because of his excessiveness. Since Gypo is drowning in its sad volumes of alcohol trapped in a small vicious circle of depression, its extravagant expenses attract the attention of IRA researchers. For the first time in his life, Jeep turned out to be surrounded by fans (including the funny J.M. Kerrigan), who enthusiastically slapped him on the back and dubbed him "Jeep King" for his physical strength. Nevertheless, it is obvious that these people do not feel attached to the person and simply show him the attention in order to exploit him for money. The extra £ 20 brought in by Frankie's death could never buy a Gypo meeting of friends ?? indeed, ironically, money became possible only through betrayal and the loss of one of his only good companions. A relatively simple guy, Hypo might not have been able to fully think about the consequences of his actions, and in the end he was offered pardon for what he “did not know what he was doing,” but his stupidity should not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> Criticism is sometimes sent to a Ford film for its alleged propaganda support of a “terrorist” organization. Although this position obviously depends on personal views (I definitely do not know enough Irish history to make a judgment), there is no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican Army as a selfless, dedicated and impartial, proud part of Irish patriotism, if I've ever seen it. However, the main theme of this story is betrayal; driven by extreme poverty, one ordinary person betrays the trust of his good friend and deeply regrets his actions. Exhausted Gypsy plays mostly out of pity, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful idea that betrays the whole life of an unsatisfactory existence, culminating in one terrible decision, condemning him to a difficult death. Informer was the first major success of John Ford at the Oscars, receiving a total of four awards (out of six nominations), including “Best Actor McLaglan” .}, Best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols {who rejected the award due to Union disagreements}.
