John Ford - one of the most influential and most famous American filmmakers in the history of cinema, his name is usually associated with the genre of Western cinema. Nevertheless, perhaps the best film by John Ford is not a western film at all, but a dramatic drama in the Irish struggle for independence in the early 1920s: The Informer, 1935. <br /> <br /> Times are tough in Ireland and other countries. The burnt Hypo Nolan is caught in a web of poverty and despair - and the walls are closing. The hypo is big, but it doesn’t have the brightest light bulb on the tree, it has a warm heart, but a short fuse, and it seems that he never thinks everything to the end, but he is not a criminal or a selfish little pig. Strolling through the starving streets, not having where to live, the awkward Gypsy Nolan finds the main lady in her life, Katie Madden, tracking herself because of her own desperate situation, and begins to dream of taking her to the United States, if he there was 20 pounds to pay for it. Fortunately, his friend Frankie returned to the city with a price of 20 pounds per head, and Hypo was desperate enough to inform the police about Frankie's whereabouts. Gypo, with the new 20 pounds of blood earned, finds this foggy night especially foggy, as he is covered with guilt, and the IRA invests all its resources to find the informant Frankie. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen portrays the fallen Gypo Nolan and definitely earned the title of best actor Oscar, he was awarded for this film. His rude, stupid and gentle twists give the dimension of character, and McLaughlan is second only to Dudley Moore's character, Arthur Bach, from the film of Arthur in 1981 as the most entertaining cinematic drunkard. Margot Grame’s performance in the role of Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only cast members who are really impressive. Preston Foster is particularly mistaken as the head of the IRA, mainly because he is obviously not Irish, and JM Kerrigan borders on irritation throughout his role in the film, but this disappointing cast is the only bad point of the film. <br /> <br /> “Informer”, often cast in the shadow of some of Ford’s more famous Westerns, such as “The Seekers” or “The Man Who Shot Freedom,” is one of John Ford’s best films, if not the most best. Starting a long career in Oscar nominations and winning John Ford, Informer won four Oscars, including one for him in the Best Director nomination in 1936. Ford and company use of shadows and light in the film is especially attractive and vital for the story. Jeep walk through the streets told the gloomy condition of the city and the bright accusations of street lamps, each shadow constantly reminded him of his dark deed. The Ford team for this technique was amazing to watch; if “Informer” were shot 10 years later (thus setting demands on the genre), it could probably be considered one of the best noir films of all time, but this would not prevent him from remembering as a great classic film.
