Perhaps this is because I looked at the history of the Irish unrest in the 1920s, and then the sad civil war that engulfed the Free State after signing the treaty before watching this film. In any case, a sudden turn at the end caused tears in my eyes. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen isn't as famous today as he was, and he should be remembered better. In this film, I think he plays himself the way he would have been without his innate talent and brains. For example, the scenes where his buddy in the crowd defies men to fight with him, probably very much like what McLaughlin actually did in his earlier years when he was a world-class boxer with bare joints. John Ford is partly responsible for this; the trivia section of IMDb shows how he tricked McLaglen, forcing him to experience a terrible hangover for the test scene. This director can also show a lot in his actors, even without such tricks. Basically, however, McLaughlan is firmly in control of the situation, especially when his character is almost completely blotto (which is difficult for an actor to be believable), and he also plays Hypo Nolan with depth and emotional power, which is surprising for someone who only has seen McLaughlan later career in the "Quiet Man". I especially like the contrast between this role of the man of the IRA and the much more clearly controlled game he played in the role of the man of the IRA, Denis Hogan, in “House of the Hangman”. <br /> <br /> In the movie “The Quiet Man,” McLaglen, of course, is a strange squire who disagrees with the local IRA. Victor McLaughlin was big and hooligan in the old-fashioned sense of the word, but he was also a good actor and capable of a wide range and subtle nuances of performance, which we simply do not expect from such a person today. This is a rather sad commentary on our own set of expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> Ford, as usual, invests a lot in a small film. All characters are excellent (although the commandant’s American accent is mostly distracting) - NOTE: there will be spoilers ahead! “Knowing that Gypo once pulled out a short straw and received an order to kill a person, but instead allowed him to get out of it, we really sympathize with the person who draws the short straw for the execution of the Gypo, and the humanity that he shows, most especially when they go, to take gypo in mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really reveals his genius, accepting what could be the terrible and yet expected result of the whole story, and instead uses it to create a completely unexpected and at the same time very pleasant ending, forcing think of us not only from Gypo and other characters, but also from poor Ireland in this tortured time.
