Victor McLaughlin, the protagonist of the film “INFORMATOR” by John Ford, reminded me of a circus artist from LA STRADA Fellini. Anthony Quinn played a brutal man, which may have even been influenced by the performance of McLaughlin with the face of a pug, who received an Oscar. Poor Dublin is a real atmospheric setting of the painting, taking place in 1922. Thick fog and a long wet night are the main elements of the story of deep Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican Army. The conflict between individuality and cause is what makes the INFORMATOR ticked. McLaglena’s big, simple character just wants to go to America, and we are often reminded of signs of a ticket price. Two different signs become the psychological center for a drunken Irishman. One is the previous one, the other is the “Wanted” sign. Should he do it and make the money go away? <br /> <br /> John Ford once said: “My name is Ford. I make westerns. ” After watching this film, he obviously could have done a lot more. Serious social problems that are considered here are sincere, and you will think about them yourself. And a stunning view of this work, consisting of long dark shadows, cutting through the unhappy Irish night. Ford has always been known for its luminous, magnificent cinematography, which helped anticipate the conflicts within its characters. It is difficult in color, but he did it in paintings such as The Seekers, sometimes portraying John Wayne flawfully. The work of Victor McLaughlan not only benefits from the lighting, but also from the simplicity of his game. He shoves a lot. He knocks people out. He is a cattle who does not know better. He must, however, know whether to cross the IRA or not. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie to find out the smallest details. See it also for McLaughlan and Ford's patriotic image of the IRA. Max Steiner's score is innovative in how it fits the gestures of the characters, putting more emphasis on them. Usually it was seen only in silent films, especially in Chaplin. The topic of naming or “informing” is obviously still important. Just look at how the media covered the Oscars this year, paying much attention to the scandal with Eliya Kazan.
