I remember watching it late in the evening on a black and white TV long before the live action version was as blinky in the eyes of Peter Jackson ... and was very impressed. Finally, this week I got a copy of the VHS that was thrown out (and isn't it just for the course ...?). I had the opportunity to return to this film, and I found that it is still good enough, although it is not exactly the success that the memory has painted. <br /> <br /> Here I must confess some bias. Some reviewers declare themselves to be confirmed lovers of Jackson, others - haters of Jackson; I, too, not really. I was committed to adapting BBC Radio, which Brian Sibley first broadcast in 1981, and immediately recognized Gollum's voice - Peter Woodthorpe repeated this performance almost perfectly for a radio receiver three years later. <br /> <br /> However, I must say that when I found Jackson films to be an increasingly condescending disappointment, the version of Bakshi, despite the fact that she was cut to the bone, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are usual, understandable changes (here instead of Glorfindel instead of Legiola instead of Arwen instead of Elf, sent from Rivendell to meet with the party), there are a large number of telescopic actions. (The only exception to the latter, as others have noted, is the oddly extended sequence in Ford Rivendell, where the Ring Ghosts, by demonstrating the chilling ability to freeze and hold Frodo in mid-flight, which they deploy again when he challenges them after crossing the river - then for some inexplicable reason, just chasing him in a long, long canter, which is initially nightmare, but meaningless, plot, and definitely lasts too long.) I would also agree that that the Balrog This is unsatisfactory, partly due to the poor animation, and the fact that Gandalf waves his hands too much. <br /> <br /> But after reviewing both approaches to the film, I feel more than ever that I need to choose an animated route. In the fairy tale, which is a semi-myth (oddly enough, one thing that is included is a fragment of Aragorn’s story about Beren and Luthien), extreme literalism is necessary for filming on the air, where everything has to be created from monsters to post shirts in detail on camera, counterproductive: latex-faced (or CGI) monsters are less monstrous than schematically drawn figures, heroic costumes tend to look pretty stupid on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarfs with a non-human body are easily proportioned, but sure difficult to remove. Many reviewers call one of the most terrible moments in the film Sniffing Rings in the forest with his crippled, half-human movements - this certainly frightened me when I first saw him alone in the dark! br /> <br /> Extreme stylization of the intro (plus a voice-over, performed with great skill and economy, to sum up the story in several sentences) works very well to portray an almost mythical era, and the change Comic Rustism of the Shire - I especially like Proudfeet - effectively corresponds to a similar change in the tone of Tolkien's prose. I really felt that there were some missed opportunities where the animation potential could have been used with great effect: Gandalf threatened Bilbo with his true power in the first scenes, Bilbo seemed to be becoming a Gollum-like creature influenced by Ring-lust in Rivendell, and the famous speech Galadriel's temptation was drawn more or less directly, where it would be trivial to distort the scene to reflect the altered perception of the hobbits. But, generally speaking, changes in detail and palette — shades of fire in Bree, bright colors reappearing in Rivendell and in the Fangorn clearing, dirty gray and brown colors for Moria and the desert lands — work well to reflect the mood of the various episodes in which the live approach simply does not allow to blur the background or sketch in a stylized setting. <br /> <br /> As a fan, I didn’t care how Jackson or Bakshi described Lothlorien - - again, I feel that the sound of the radio was the best memory I've ever met in a beautiful, slightly weird forest paradise, caught outside of time - and I feel that Bakshi made the elves sing at this moment quite badly, but I like a little installation at this moment, showing how various members of the Company rest together after their difficulties in Moria. Aragorn, who conducts the hobby-fencing lesson here, is as charming (and equally uncanonical) a spectacle as Boromir, who is fond of hobbits in Hollin in the Jackson version. <br /> <br /> The image of Aragorn as a convincingly dilapidated ranger is good throughout this film (the untidy look of Jesus Viggo Mortensen actually did not work for me), although it would be interesting to see how they plan to “clean” the character in the second half in favor of gondor. Not surprisingly, John Hurt gives a great vocal performance, as well as resonant William Squire in Gandalf. I suspect that hobbits are designed to reflect modern youth as audience identification figures: I believe that the animated style (their proportions are much more “caricatured” than that of human characters) works well for their differentiation, and the whole “hairy” “Legs”, like it is drawn here, it is much more plausible than in more literal images, including fan-artah. <br /> <br /> Personally, I object less to Boromir, like a Viking - he was always a rather stupid type - - than Aragorn's beard (illogical: they were both Numenorians, after all), although I’m clearly in the minority here! <br /> <br /> A big disadvantage of this picture will always be the fact that it was It was an unfinished project with a bizarre completion of the sound, trying to solve problems. A pity; it would be interesting, not to mention being upset, to see what Bakshi planned to make from Shelob and Minas Tirith, not to mention the dead ...
