With the release of Peter Jackson's famous Lord of the Rings trilogy, it has become even easier to dismiss the 1978 Lord of the Rings animation film created by Ralph Bakshi. I agree with the majority that the Jackson trilogy is the main adaptation of Tolkien’s work, but that doesn’t stop me from enjoying Bakshi’s ambitious and innovative efforts. Jackson admitted that he received at least some inspiration from watching the film Bakshi, and there are some obvious similarities between their adaptations. <br /> <br /> The film’s colorful scenic backgrounds are superb, and the score is memorable. I was mostly satisfied with the drawings of the characters. Couples Pippin and Merry, Eowyn and Galadriel are mostly visually indistinguishable from each other, the Balrog and Treebeard were not impressed, but these moments did not bother me much. However, the Nazgul are well drawn and made quite creepy. The only character representation that bothered me was Sam; he was made to look obscenely stupid. <br /> <br /> This film is innovative thanks to the animation techniques. In addition to hand-drawn characters, live actors are included in the animation through rotoscoping. It is clear which characters are drawn by hand and which are rotoscoped, but I nevertheless found that the style of the film was an innovation. Using live actors with a rotoscope for battle scenes was a good decision and helped to get these scenes well. <br /> <br /> Sound in general was of high quality. Especially good was John Hurt, who provided Aragorn with an authoritative voice. Aragorn is not my favorite character from these stories, but thanks to the voice of John Hurt he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice was strong enough for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed out of place was Michael Scholes in the role of Sam, whose voice was annoying and added, unfortunately, the stupid image of Sam. The only other annoying part of voice acting is the incorrect pronunciation of characters and place names. Particularly strange was the decision to often call Saruman “Aruman”. <br /> <br /> In creating this film, Ralph Bakshi expected to create two films. Consequently, this film contains about half of the story, from the beginning of The Fellowship of the Ring to the end of the Battle of Helm's Depths in Two Towers. The obvious consequence of this is that the story of the film is a very concise version of the story from the books. I enjoy the original stories and more thorough adaptations, but the freedom taken to compress history did not bother me, even the choice to leave Arwen outside history. In this film, there were enough key elements of this story to keep me engaged in it, and even there was an innovation in that I was able to go through half the story of the Lord of the Rings in 132 minutes. The battle scenes were spectacular, and, in particular, the orc's march and the battle of Helm's Depths were amazing. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi’s version of The Lord of the Rings is not perfect, and undoubtedly many of the Lords of the readers of the rings mourn the abbreviations of history. Nevertheless, for me, the shortcomings of this film were insignificant compared with the feeling of the effective adaptation of half of the great trilogy. My only deep regret is that I cannot see the second part of this “first great tale” about the Lord of the Rings, since Bakshi did not allocate a budget for creating a sequel.
