I like this film, and it annoys me that so many “reviewers” ​​rate it below the Peter Jackson trilogy. A shot novel is always interpretive; in particular, an animated film is based on the artist’s vision and must be evaluated on his own terms. Speaking like a purist, this is a more subtle tribute to Tolkien than an updated version. Although this film has its flaws, it remains true to the source, especially with regard to the characters. <br /> <br /> In Jackson’s version, Frodo Tolkien is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he is depicted as a weakling who is constantly hesitant, controlled by the forces around him and never standing on his own legs (this is physically and metaphorically true). You wonder why fate chose this weak cookie to carry one ring in the Cracks of Fate. Jackson inexcusably rewrites Tolkien and takes away from Frodo his best moment when he allows Arwen to save him from the Ring ghosts ... The version of Bakshi respects the original, introducing Frodo, who demands the ghosts "Come back and don't bother me anymore!" Bakshi supports the character of Frodo, as Tolkien intended. We see his decline as his weight increases. Frodo is so important to the Lord of the Rings that you wonder why Jackson took on such freedoms (he does this with numerous characters), since character development leads the plot to its inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film better reveals the relationship between Legolas and Gimli in several sensible scenes that are completely absent from the Jackson version. In the same way, we see Boromir having fun with Pippin and Merry, promoting the idea of ​​communication. In my opinion, the camaraderie is more developed in the animated version than in the live broadcast. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important component in novels, and Bakshi pays tribute to this in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the song “Merry Old Inn,” a few minutes before stumbling on Stryder. The merry melody is fascinatingly combined with dark music, when after a few seconds, invisible to his friends, but visible to ghosts, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric parts of the film, and it scares me every time I see it. <br /> <br /> Well-documented budget / time constraints limit the final effect of this film, but if it were completed, it could have found a response in more viewers. Like this, worth seeing. Even his detractors admit that Peter Jackson drew inspiration from this prototype.
