One day, Godard said that a way to criticize a film is just to make it, and probably the strongest look that could be made about how Ralph Bakshi perceives Tolkien’s magnificent work The Lord of the Rings, was actually made by Peter Jackson. For me, the recent trilogy is not even complete masterpieces, but they have enough space for each book so that they can breathe all the postmodern techniques intersecting with the classic storytelling to make them very good, exciting entertainment. <br /> <br /> But as someone who has not read the book, I end up looking at two versions: a live action (albeit partially animated as great visual effects) and an animated (albeit partially a real live action in as a basis) in relation only to the main story, not even complete loyalty to the books. And with the version of Bakshi, this is almost unfair, since what we see is not really a complete vision, not what Jackson actually had (perhaps the final version). Deprived of the King's Return because of the huge surge in history, and because the other two parts were in a hurry, I finally liked this article for what it did within its limitations, although the same restrictions are disappointing. <br /> <br /> What's interesting, after I first watched Jackson films - I also regret a little that I could react to this differently when I was younger until five years ago - that The main elements of the story have never been confused. All that is really needed to tell the story of the Fellowship of the Ring is, in fact, virtually undamaged, and if something that could have been even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien’s book, some clarity is given in this section. Actors playing the role of hobbits and other heroes are more or less adequate for roles, with several prominent roles (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> Lack of additional characteristics leads to the fact that things seem a bit nominal for those who have not even seen other films or read books and cannot put them in context. But there is always some level of interest in the characters, and here there is a more old-fashioned sensitivity among the big aura of what is more. This is not a garden version of the Disney adaptation of warts and all that, this is a Bakshi film, its underground animated roots collide with the mythical world of Middle-earth. <br /> <br /> And what Bakshi and his animation team bring to the film is the one that ends up giving what is on the screen, in all its abbreviated form, its appeal of hit or miss. While the film is not fully completed as a film or as a story, the shape of the film is an experiment to see if something can be completely rotoscoped. The results ultimately brought what now seems retro, but at the time, of course, it was something rough, insane inspiration from the filmmakers. Maybe better with more traditional hand-drawn animation? In some places, yes; it really becomes a little noticeable, as is the case with Bakshi’s “American Pop Music,” that the main characters are moving in such shaky ways as some kind of comic book created differently. However, I admired a lot about what was done. <br /> <br /> Orcs, for example, seemed to me really amazing in their surreal surroundings. They are probably the best part of the animation combination in the upper part of live action, especially in those parts where there are no combat videos (this is really a real section “got trapped” because there is no continuity from good and bad rotoscoping), and the kyaroskuro has large figures on horse It's creepy in a good way. And the backgrounds, although very rough and sometimes too sketchy, are beautiful, combining combinations and explosions of colors. It is almost for fans of the film, as well as for the talkers. <br /> <br /> So, how would I recommend this animated look at the Lord of the Rings? I do not know to tell the truth. This is certainly a good mark on Tolkien’s other cartoon that I’ve seen, The Hobbit (and I haven’t seen the animated ROTK yet), and there’s some real skill in it. There is also some unnatural dialogue, too fast-moving segment of Two Towers with the most intriguing character Gollum, reduced to two scenes. And seeing something as fragmented as this ultimately only enhances the fullness of later films. <br /> <br /> If you're a fan of books going to check it out, I would say that this is a chance, even if this is one of those moments when you look for forty minutes and then decide whether to stop it. or not. As for his incorporation into other films of Bakshi, I saw that this is an impressive, ambitious and spotty achievement, where, as in the case of Lynch Dune, she will definitely draw a dark, mordobodnuyu line in the sand between those who passionately hate her, and those who do not love her. t. I don't.
