As an animated film of 1978, it is pretty good - usually much higher than the standard of those days when Disney did nothing good for many years (and Tolkien still cared little about Disney). He gains the main points for his innovative and meticulous cinematographic work, applying cinematographic methods with relative success. Very angry rotoscoping actually works quite well, especially with Ringwraiths and introductory narration. However, it is so heavily used — perhaps as a method of saving money — that it detracts from the overall effect. The same technique that makes ghosts frightening and otherworldly is not very good at Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> With regard to the adaptation of the story, in fact it is quite good. Here and there we lose little bits, small details such as Old Wood and Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville Baggins. We squeeze a few characters, for example, we are reviewing Legolas as one of Elrond’s household and Aragorn’s old friend, but this is quite a wise decision for the film. In the books you have the space to include references to the great world of elves and the vast history of Middle-earth. In the movie, you trade for visual effects and sound that convey the same elements in different ways. Nothing critical here is really lost, and although I have a bit of controversy about some changes, I am usually very pleased with this. <br /> <br /> If only the sketches of the writers were able to recall the name of Saruman - he is often referred to as Aruman, the decision probably would have made him more different than the eponymous Sauron; I needed a second scan before I made sure I didn’t hear it. It is also annoying that Boromir is a bloody Viking stage, and irritable from the very beginning. Nevertheless, Gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the work is excellent. If only John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I like his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, when the film ends in the middle of the storyline, it is a huge disappointment. What makes it so much worse is the terrible work done by Rankin & the bass team on the sequel. The fact that they were allowed to do the “Return of the King” after the Hobbit’s assassination remains a big mystery; they seem to be more interested in bad songs than on the right storytelling. Despite all the flaws, the heart of this film is firmly in place, and he is trying very hard to accomplish an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the next series of films will remain true to my vision ...
