More than twenty years before Peter Jackson’s ghostly adaptation of The Lord of the Rings in 1978, director Ralph Bakshi made this animated effort. An ambitious and fairly faithful version of this story, unfortunately, was rather clouded by the Jackson trilogy. Indeed, many IMDb reviewers (mostly those who first saw a newer version) seem extremely unkind to this version ... but if someone uses a bit of common sense and takes into account the time when it was done, and the technical capabilities that existed at the time, then they will realize that this is a pretty good movie. In fact, shortly after watching this cartoon in the early 80s, I was looking for Tolkien’s book and immediately became a fan of these richly detailed adventures on Middle-earth. So, in some respects, I owe this film a bit of recognition, because the film has shaped my literary tastes forever. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of Middle-earth, forges an omnipotent ring that gives him incredible strength. After the great battle, during which Sauron is defeated, the ring falls into the possession of the king named Isildur. but instead of destroying him, he foolishly decides to save him. For centuries, the ring passes from hand to hand, eventually falling into the possession of a hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peace-loving community known as the Shire. Frodo learns from a wizard named Gandalf that his ring is actually the One Ring, the very thing that Sauron forged many centuries ago, and that his master is looking for him again to restore his dark power over all the land. Frodo embarks on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other Hobbit companions, but at every turn they are haunted by the ghosts of Sauron, the Black Horsemen. This is followed by many adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed, which directs the ring to the only place where it can be “made”. Mount Doom in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the border of Mordor, approaching their terrifying destination. Meanwhile, Gandalf and other members of the company are fighting with a huge army of orcs in the legendary fortress Helm Glubokaya. <br /> <br /> This version covers just over half of the original book. The second installment was scheduled to finish the story, but, unfortunately, was never completed. Although the finale seems unexpected, at least it ends at a reasonable point in the story. We need to feel a little disappointment and regret that there is no continuation in which we could follow these animated heroes to their ultimate goal. The animation is passable, with a variety of locales and characters presented in interesting details. The music of Leonard Rosenman is exciting, respectively, and fits into the epic narrative. The voiceover is also decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorp as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes, who provides Sam with a voice, is quite polite and stupid, which is not very suitable for the character. The Lord of the Rings is a laudable attempt to visualize the stunning book on which it is based.
