There is very little doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writer of the 20th century. Jules Verne claims to be the father of science fiction, but his stories were more adventure stories, using amazing inventions as subject devices. Wells was deep and led the subtext to his stories. Perhaps his greatest legacy is that there is very little, if any, evidence that people believed in life on other planets until the 20th century, when many people, including Richard Dawkins, find it almost authentic. Of course, there is no evidence of this, and it is impossible not to wonder what it was Wells who introduced this to human thinking? There is no doubt that it was Wells who planted the seed. <br /> <br /> Things were adapted by Wells himself from his own novel. However, it is clear that he cannot tell the difference between the technical aspects of writing novels and writing scripts. Dialogue is often overwhelmed, hard and unpersuasive. One example is that two pilots from opposite sides discuss the nature of war. “Why should we kill each other. Why? ”This reflects the criticism, the almost complete contempt that Orwell felt for Wells in his essay“ Wells, Hitler and the World State ”. and it is true that Wells’s anti-war message is painfully exaggerated. It is impossible to believe in the conversation that took place between the Air Force pilot and his opposite number in the Luftwaffe several years later. <br /> <br /> This suggests that watching a 1935 film that predicts a world war is absolutely fascinating. occurs in 1940, which marks the end of civilization. There are striking and haunting images when a child knocks on the drum, when a ghostly army marches in the background and society falls apart, and the fear of Wanderng's disease is well recognized. Even a rather lazy story about how to show the year of production has an irresistible nature. It is the images that make this film with the score of Arthur Bliss, which makes the film so memorable. And to be fair, Wells asks the question “The Universe or nothing. What will it be?". In short, this is a film whose flaws are easy to forgive.
