H. G. Wells passed its heyday in 1936, and his books, which will survive, are long gone. He was nearing the end of his life, and he was confronted with his dream, spoiled. At the very beginning of the 20th century, he defended the idea that the world is doomed, because the evolution of species, natural biology, on the one hand, and Marxism, the market economy, on the other hand, inevitably lead to the victory of the weak over the stronger simple number criterion. The weaker was the mass of humanity, the stronger was the elite of the minority. He then defended a strict eugenic policy with the elimination of all those who somehow weakened the human race. First of all, not Caucasians, except for the Jews, who will disappear due to mixed marriages. Then in the Caucasian community there were all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, mentally retarded, all those who were genetically deficient, and so on. It was not Hitler. It was H. G. Wells, and it was not after the First World War. That was over ten years ago. Twenty years before World War I, he published The Time Machine, which defended the idea that the human “race,” left at its own expense and thanks to the more extensive cosmological evolution of life on earth, would see the differentiation of man. ” races "into two" varieties ": the working class will become an underground labor-consuming type, and the bourgeoisie will become an idle surface type. It was in the novel that superficially complex and weak idle species were prey to other species that were predators. risks, and politicians had to stop this evolution by introducing a strict eugenic policy. The first countries that followed this ban were the Scandinavian countries, which were also the last to abandon it recently for some of The film here offers a vision of 2036 with a world government that is absolutely dictatorial in the sense that there are no elections, a parliament, a truly democratic institution, only peace imposed by military conquest, and one person or one person dominates the government. and his few advisers. And in this world of the future everything, absolutely all people are Caucasians. Wells could imagine that humanity would become completely white by 2036. Amazing. Wells suggested some kind of rebellion, but it will be short and lead nowhere. The last sentences are the vision of this white civilization, conquering the whole universe while contemplating the sky, its stars and planets. Frightening. And this was done in 1936. All the more terrible is that nowhere was not found the slightest mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. But it is important to have this film in a good restored edition, because it is very important to have a complete vision of H. G. Wells. We are obviously very far from the Brave New World of absolute “democratic” social selection, or the Animal Farm of the dictatorship of the pork proletariat, or 1984 of the abstract mediatric dictatorship of Big Brother. This vision is at least as scary as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells with the British science fiction writers of the time. It would be unfair to go beyond. This shows that in England in these first three decades of the 20th century there was a great fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future would be only bleak, bleak and in some kind of impasse. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques CULARDO, University Paris Dauphin, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines
