"THINGS TO BE". Movie Review from kWRice <br /> <br /> Here’s another amazing science fiction movie from another time and place. This is a film that I saw only in the shortened parts, but art should be viewed as a whole. I experienced this film in the form in which it was created, in a darkened theater, on a silver screen, with spinning drums and spectators with whom it was possible to share. This viewer and I were amazed by this movie! One woman who survived the Second World War was strangled by the memorable destructive actions of the war and enriched with a positive, albeit banal, ending. <br /> <br /> The original titles caught my attention right from the start. The first thing we see is “X. G. Wells ”, highlighted in bold corner block, very similar to the“ Superman ”of the past. This is not the name of the film, but the name of the creator, and then before other people are listed, such as actors or directors, director William Cameron Menzies is there! Who! Perhaps you have already seen his work: "Around the World in 80 Days," "Yankee Pride" and "Gone With the Wind." He did not direct after this fantastic epic opera, which he and Mr. Wells created, but his images, scenery and design of the film are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> These images are very effective. I learned images from many other films that paid tribute to this classic. The recent Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is evident, along with Bugs Bunny, Fantasy, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Heavenly Captain and Tomorrow's World, Night of the Living Dead, and many others I know, but what names shun me These are the real special effects here, the scenes made now with the help of CGI are made with actors, big sets and detailed models. This film was shot in 1936, and it is obvious that it meant something to other authors. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, doing music, and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece with a message, a warning and a sermon. <br /> <br /> The lines of Shakespearean actors Cedric Hardwick, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Messi speak, sometimes it sounds preaching, but I also hear the lines that I still hear. “These toys in children today are not at all the same as mine when I was a child”, “This will help develop their coordination,” “Why do we need books, what do we need to read?”, “We don’t do we need cars, we have nowhere to go, we have everything we need right here: "There will be no war." But there is war! Everytown naive citizens refuse to see the literal inscription on the wall. Endless war explodes on Christmas Eve. A little boy who wants to be a good soldier, like his dad, is an image that probably will always be with me. This is the world of 1936, which bore the blinders to the pacification of Hitler. This war does not end. The poisonous gas of the air wars goes into second act. <br /> <br /> This is another dark age. Neither the government, nor the service, nor the people carried and welcomed the war, about which no one remembers anything. Plague, warlords and bullying so that planes fly over fuel that no longer exists. Favorite ones were shot on the street before they could carry the plague to another. Halfway there is an amazing vignette about Rolls-Royce, which is a much-needed half-way breather. In this lands a futuristic plan that foreshadows the future. <br /> <br /> This is the future - the third act. The world was rebuilt with the help of this "little animal, man." Helicopters fly in this film before they were invented. The Plumber Helper has a different use than Dalek or Glenn Miller. Widescreen plasma screens, seductive masses, and speakers that encourage people to destroy it all. “Beware of concussion, they warned you!” Warns the city father. So be careful, this movie may hit you as if they hit me. There are some cute mistakes and miscalculations, but the thought provoking idealism is really worth thinking again, and I really want to see this tricky movie again. Others criticize Mr. Wells’s vision. With a 20/20 backdating it is very easy to work with things, costumes and Foley errors. I believe that the “forthcoming works” of Mr. Wells are not about things, but about concepts, social trends and philosophical ideals. In addition, we are just beginning a new millennium and the time has not come yet. This is not a cheap British science fiction paperboard, but it’s worth it that the Epic Filmed Opera doesn’t sing, which generally overcomes some minor obsolete drawbacks.
