I have to admit a slight disappointment with this film; I read a lot about how exciting it was, but the actual futuristic episodes, Age of Science, take up a very small amount of film. The sets are superb when we get to them, and there are some striking images, but this final sequence lacks in many other ways ... <br /> <br /> The much better drama of the piece is in the middle part, and then it plays melodrama resulting from the sci-fi nature of the “high concept” and insufficiently active dialogue. In this part, much more of human life, when the great Ralph Richardson is magnificently floating above his head in the role of the little dictator, the "boss" of each city. I loved Richardson’s manners and a brief delivery of lines, ignoring the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey’s alienated, confident visitor. This Boss is a poseur, a convincingly deceived figure, unable to understand the frivolous nature of his kingdom ... This is not a great role, but Richardson does a lot for her. <br /> <br /> Presumably, every city in itself is England, or at least an English city, representative enough for England. It was interesting to completely avoid any religious side of things; “Upcoming events” seem to revolve around the conflict between belligerent barbarism and faith in science, which seems to have a small final goal, but simply to continue and continue. In the last section, a belated attempt is made to put forward some arguments and contradictions regarding a more personal “life”, but one remains completely unsatisfied. The film does not have much interest in subtle complexities; every time it goes to a grand spectacle and a rough, stupid moralism. And, of course, remember the final hedge-beta: Raymond Massey talks lyrically about how uncertain it is! <br /> <br /> Regarding the question about the film, which is a prediction: I must say that it is not bad at all, given that it is obvious that it is impossible to get the details of life somehow correctly. Greater concepts have something for them; the war in 1940, well, that might have been predictable ... Duration almost 30 years, mind!? A nuclear bomb - a "super-gun" or something like that - in 2036. A technocratic socialist, a government like "we do not believe in independent nation states," in Britain after 1970 ... Hmm, unfortunately, far from it, guys! ;-) There is no real politics here, which is a shame; All these surfaces are very commendable anti-war sentiments. As a rule, it is assumed that a dictatorship - whether it is crazy, a fascist luddite, as under Bosse, or scientific socialism "all in your hands" - will be a "deal", and these consequences are not affected ... Although we must remember that in 1936 During the year there was no knowledge of how Nazism and communism would turn around - or even how they turned around - the lack of consideration of this issue seems meek beyond the directors' vision of other issues. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, many of the early things should have been and could have been cut; it would only take the shortest of “1940,” but this segment tends to become quite burdensome, and it took a long time before we get to parts of Richardson-Massey. I would like to see more of what was done with Margaret Scott; who is just a little skeptical, cutting a flashing Mediterranean figure with a minor purpose. The character is not investigated, or openly explained or exploited, with the exception of one scene, which I will not spoil, and its relationship with the Boss is not investigated; but then it was the 30s, and then there was such a thing as widespread institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is slightly funny in his two roles; especially in the first case, as an unfortunate guy praying for war, only to be directly depressed by another Massey character. Messi himself helps a lot by playing his roles with a mixture of restraint and dark pleasure, well contrasted with the almost insecure cast, with the exception of Richardson and Scott and Chapman, a bit. <br /> <br /> I would say that “the upcoming affairs” is undoubtedly a very unusual film shot in the UK in 1936. Indeed, one of the few serious British science fiction films to date! His set (piece) design and use of resources is predatory, amazing. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately too serious and sometimes universal. The direction is prone to flatness, although it sometimes increases the scenario mechanism or two. But the filmmaker and Mr. Richardson do save things; accordingly creating an amazing sense of wonder in technology and attractive, sharp performance that constantly seduces. Such a shame is so little substance or a true cinematic concept for all this; Powell and Pressburger would be the ideal directors to take on a task like this - they have no equal among British directors, like bold visual narrators, great steering characters and dealers in the first-level dialogue. <br /> <br /> “Upcoming Affairs” in its current form is an intriguing oddity that should be well studied, but still not speaking of Metropolis ... It’s as “stupid” as Wells says this film is Lang, but still with nothing like the amazing power of it.
