This early sci-fi masterpiece by HG George Wells with Arthur Bliss music is a powerful movie piece. Adapted from a somewhat different work by Wells, made by the author, he presents a look at the future of a person with the theme of periods of war compared to periods of “peace”. The structure is such that after comparing a couple of episodes of normality and collecting clouds of war, the scenario allows you to start a war. Two families, Cabells and Passworthy do not agree with what can happen; Passworthy is optimistic about the “automatic” progress of civilization; Cabell is a thinker who doubts. Their city, Everytown — obviously, London — was destroyed by a war involving tanks, a magnificent Bliss military march and the end of civilization. The second part tells about people living in the wreckage of the former city under the “boss” played with bravura by Ralph Richardson, whose woman, the beautiful Margaret Scott, fascinates the dreamer just as he is a type of dictator with concrete connections. He is trying to rebuild the old airplanes of the First World War so that he could attack the nearby hill tribe in order to complete his petty kingdom; the young scientist complains that his work constantly interrupts the requirements for aircraft, etc. - forever; This is Wells's comment on the war against progress. Survivors are also prone to plague, which is called “Wandering Disease.” Enter the modern flying machine, piloted by Cabell in the first part of the film, which is now part of the Wings of the World International Coalition of Scientists, who plan to put an end to the war forever. This modernist flight suit has exciting conversations with the Boss and his woman, their appeal is obvious; then the Boss directs his plane against them, the scientists come with a huge number of planes and dump the "Gas of the World" on the ruins of the Eternal City. Only the Boss dies, fighting too hard against appeasement. Then the film shows the mining of ore and in slow steps turns into girders of the magnificent new futuristic city of towers. In the third section, the future of Cabell argues with the future of Passworthy because of the morality of human science. Passworthy wonders if they have the right to send people to the moon; Cabell upholds the human right to advancement and the need to expand his horizons. Son Passvorti and daughter Cabell, sent astronauts. Theotokopoulos, religious Luddite, delivers a fiery speech on the huge screen of the city forum and leads the attack on the "space gun", which should launch a new rocket, free from the gravity of the Earth. The culmination of the plot is the successful shooting of a space gun; Decoupling and ending is the speech of Cabella, praising value and science, which is universally considered the most profound protection of the mind ever created. "This is the whole universe - or nothing!" Cabell says Passworthy. "What will it be?" Like Cabell, Raymond Massey gives perhaps the best work on the screen; he is thoughtful, compassionate and sensible, a real scientist. As a tramp who wants to end the Age of Science, Cedric Hardwick is perfect and strong. Edward Chapman, who plays Passworthy, beautifully imitates the voice of agreement and fear. The storyline is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the almost complete disappearance of mankind, the idea of ​​a civilization led by scholars who restore it seems plausible and credible to the viewer. This is the triumph of director William Cameron Menzies, Bliss and all interested parties. Listen to the dialogue with the one you love; Within the framework of its framework, this thinking drama of a thinking person discusses two possible human future - progress or its reactionary opposite.
