I was just a baby in arms when George Lucas surprised the world with his saga from this world, telling about the adventures of young Luke Skywalker and the infamous Darth Vadar, but even today, 20 years later, I can appreciate the genius of Lucas and the incredible imagination he was endowed with . In “New Hope”, Lucas showed a new way to tell stories when he introduced us to such memorable characters as the brave Princess Leia, the rude Han Solo and the energetic Luke Skywalker, as well as the most beloved of villains, the sinister Darth Vadar. In “The Empire Strikes Back,” he did his best to show us what special effects can add to the tale, and managed to do something that no one could think about on the screen. He made the film without any particular end or beginning, and he did it good. The return of the Jedi is the right end for the saga that will stand the test of time. <br /> <br /> When The Empire Srtikes Back ended up wrapping up the attractive Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite, which is to be delivered to Jabba the Hut and young Luke, staggering from the discovery of the terrible truth about his Father, that things are getting worse and worse. Vadar seemed to win the day. As we asked, can the rebels ever recover from this blow? In the terrific and fascinating last chapter of Lukas, we are held at the edges of our places - from the bold rescue of Khan from the Jabba Palace to the final climate battle on the Death Star between Luke and Vadar, when Luke fights between performing his duties as a Jedi and rebel fighter. and the attempt to awaken the good in which he believes is still in the soul of his Father. <br /> <br /> Old friends, such as the quiet Lando Calrissian and the always attractive Chewbacca, reunite for one final battle to end all battles like a new dark yet Dangerous enemy appears in the form of the Emperor himself (played by the brilliant Ian MacDiarmiud. How he missed Oscar - a mystery). Desperately trying to turn Luke into the Dark Side, even if it means betraying his student Darth Vadar. All in black with his red eyes, a ghostly-white disfigured face and an ominous laugh, he is really a terrible addition to the story and the undisputed master of unfolding events. His new improved Death Star is a disaster spell for the rebels, but the brave group made a last desperate attack to permanently end the reign of the Empire. <br /> <br /> Lucas managed to combine three different stories at the same time and support the action so that the audience was delighted. We watch with excitement as Khan and Leia try to knock down a shield around the Death Star from the forest moon of Endor with the help of several charming Evokas (who, I really do not believe, are taken from the film in general. In fact, I feel that they provide their sort of reprieve the intensity of the battles of the Death Star and prevent the legions of stormtroopers and imperial officers. We encourage Lando and the other pilots when they fight the mighty Imperial fleet and risk life and limb in order to fly into the Death Star in order to destroy it once and for all. And we hold our breath, watch as Vadar and the Emperor try to turn Luke on the Dark Side, and he, in turn, tries to turn his Father back. <br /> <br /> But for me the most difficult and yet the compelling battle is what is happening inside Darth Vadar. For ROTJ it is a battle of emotions and feelings. Vadar finds himself between his loyalty to Emporer and the Empire and his fatherly inclinations towards Luke. I never thought that a mask could show emotions, but for some reason it is impossible not to see the confusion and pain on his face pa during the final scenes when the Emporer includes Luke. Vadar has more depth and emotion than I thought was a villain, especially one more machine that a man could have, and I think this is what makes it so accessible. He is in conflict. The pupil is just like a master. The victim is as much as the Villain. Without destroying the end too much, Wadar’s last scene is the sharpest and most remarkable in the trilogy. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, what can I say. George Lucas is the master of the saga. “Star Wars” are the most exciting and exciting sagas I have seen in a long time, and I have yet to see another opponent in the sagas. The Return of the Jedi has all the ingredients necessary to provide a worthy final masterpiece of Lukas. This is an action movie, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy - all in one, and memorable characters, wonderful special effects and memorable music are both a great movie and a finale that Lucas can be proud of.
