Well, my title is a little lame and almost sells this short film. I remember watching Siskel & Ebert in 1994, talking about this movie, and then playing a video or two. Not being a rap-conscious guy (although I could define the music of Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer), I wasn’t very interested when they started talking about the movie. But then S & E showed the scene where the group explains how they chose their name (using some “obscure” logic and a bunch of “made-up” facts), and then another scene where the group and their rival group both attend a school that promotes involvement (and, of course, the NWH offers some “information” about how the leader of the rival group loses because it got good grades in school and was on the annual committee). So I put it off to watch this movie. <br /> <br /> A couple of years later, this thing appeared on HBO, and I wrote it down just to laugh it off for a few hours. Yes, he has some kind of rhythm "Spinal Tap" ... even the documentary essentially uses the same "tone" when setting up clips, and the group follows the same path (which I now call "Behind the Music"). “Phenomenon - a small group has good chemistry, it becomes famous, too much money too quickly, squabbles, drugs, some type of death, the group disintegrates, then reconciles, ending with the hope of more albums in the future, and gradually disappears”, what is true is that in Spinal Tap you catch a band, perhaps with even greater success in the past. But Tap drags in some moments, and, in my opinion, comes down to laughter, which is created by specific scenes. Oh, this is his ranting about backstage, this is the place where he wants the amplifier to go to "ELEVEN", this is the place where the guy makes stonehenge the size of a pint, etc ... <br /> <br /> In contrast from FoaBH, which seems to have more “unexpected” humor. You can see that this happens, but for every joke there is no big setup. Sometimes jokes just flow. Cundieff and the other actors in the group had real chemistry that worked. In addition, direct links to Vanilla Ice, Hammer, and a bunch of other cartoon-type rappers really worked. It seems to me a movie that you watch once to get the main story and laugh, and then come back and watch to catch some subtle jokes. And the songs. “My Peanuts” is Better than “Big Bottom” (from Spinal Tap)? I don't know - but they are both damn funny. The terrible video of Tone Def during his “waking up” phase is so bizarre but funny. <br /> <br /> I could continue, but save your time and not waste it on CB4. I watched the first half hour, and I got bored. You are not bored on FoaBH. There are some less funny moments, but you can never tell when something good will happen. Perhaps my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (fake names, if I've ever heard) discover that they share the same girl ... at some point you have these two directing friends to the friend of the gun and the next thing you know, the manager, the photographer, the girl, and I think that even Tone Def are in the room, pointing their guns at each other, switching targets back and forth. And, of course, someone was really shot. <br /> <br /> It seemed strange to me that the managers of NWH suffered the same fate as the drummers of Spinal Tap (although no one spontaneously ignited, I don’t think). There were enough similarities that I cannot ignore the likelihood that Candiff saw “Spinal Tap” before writing this film, although this is clearly much more than Spinal Tap hip hop. Although there are some similarities, humor is different, and the film looks more like a real documentary (perhaps because we don’t recognize a single actor in this film, not even the guy who played Lamar from Revenge of the Nerds). This film has, in my opinion, "street credit". Kind of like NWH.
