This film, in my opinion, is the weakest film in the original Star Wars trilogy for various reasons. However, at the end of the day, he becomes a winner, despite all his flaws. It is still a very good movie, even if its quality depends a lot on the characters that were created in 2 excellent articles. <br /> <br /> One of the problems here is the appearance of the film, which is not very consistent with the other two films. I have connected a lot with the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first 2 films look so dirty, live with all the technology and so on. In the Jedi, on the other hand, even the rebels look like they just got out of the shower and cleaned out their form in the dry cleaners. This makes for a much less textured film. Also the creatures were too muppete-like and sweet. At the moment it seems that the filmmakers were more interested in creating templates for future figures than in the quality of the film itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is the lack of originality. Where Star Wars created a completely new movie experience, and Empire brought us into the alien worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, Jedi clumsily reviewed the places of the first film. First we returned to the deserted planet Tatooine, and then we watch them face to face with ANOTHER death star (perhaps the emperor couldn’t think of anything new ... but you would think that Lucas or Casdan could). We also have these ewoks, which are really just disgusting teddy bears made for matteli, in a revised version of what should have been a big wookey fight at the end of Star Wars, if they hadn't run out of money. It looks like a lazy design. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of the Jedi for me is the poor controllability of the character of Han Solo. While he takes center stage in the plot of the first two films, he fights for screen time, trading one liner with droids. Instead of a real drama, we were stuck with a lame pretense that Khan is still convinced that Leah loves Luke - as if the conclusion of the "Empire", where she admitted that his love for him had never happened. All this is very contrived and hardly hides the fact that Solo's character was not part of the central story of this film after his rescue. Ford, for his part, looks boring and lacks the style that distinguished his earlier performances. It's more like a 1990s Ford performance, boring and looks “above” the movie itself. Fisher from her side is noticeably high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character, presented in the "Empire", is stuck here as a supposedly person, whom we take care of in a giant space battle. Only Hamill, given Luke’s interesting character development, can really do something new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only major actor in the film who still cared about his work. And frankly, the script gives him a lot more work than other characters. In fact, this is his story, and other characters are present only as part of the package. Ian MacDiarmid does an excellent job just like the Emperor. The film would have drowned if it were too far from the top (as it was sometimes in new films). <br /> <br /> Visually and in terms of effects, besides the “clean” look, it is difficult to find fault with everything. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most difficult ever created. The space battles near the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this film goes to success based on the achievements of its ancestors. But in itself it is a pleasant entertainment and IMHO is far superior to any of the later works of Lucas.
