Brian Yuznu is often disapproved of as a director for his dirty, bloody festivals, but the truth is that his films are actually quite good. Re-Animator sequels are not as good as the original, but still worthy of the horror sequels. The Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best of the series; and society is not a world to be a surrealistic horror masterpiece. This thriller is definitely not a masterpiece; but it perfectly shows the horror of Yuzna, and the plot moves in such a way that it is always exciting and attractive. I am really surprised that the horror film about dentistry did not appear until 1996, since visiting a dentist is almost paramount awe - it runs from a tiger to the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; I would be in the minority. The plot follows the perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. He has a good home, a successful career and a beautiful wife - almost everything most people want. However, his life changes for the worse when he discovers his wife’s romance with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; because his patients feel the brunt of his anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to scaring the public, this film really makes itself. Nevertheless, the director should be commended for removing the full quota of fear from the central theme. The fact that he does a good job is summarized by the fact that I am not squeamish about visiting the dentist - however, one particular scene actually made me close my eyes! The film follows an ordinary person who is crazy about the plot, only with The Dentist you always get the impression that there is more to the film than what we see. Infrequently, a horror movie can impress at the creature level — and although it will not bring any awards, the parody of the upper class is beautifully linked to the plot. The game, while the B-Class, is really impressive; with Corbin Bernsen, who plays a leading role and does a good job of convincing the audience that he is truly a man on the edge. I have to thank Brian Yuzna for the role of Ken Fori in the film. The Dawn of the Dead star doesn’t get enough work, and I really like to see him in movies. The rest of the cast does not make a massive impression, but everyone does their work quite well. In general, the Dentist offers a refreshing change for nineties slasher films. Horror scenes will surely please horror fans, and I would not hesitate to recommend this film.
