Corbin Bernsen gives an amazingly intense and exciting performance as Dr. Alan Feynston, a wealthy and successful Beverly Hills dentist who is obsessed with excellence. When he discovers that his cute blonde-trophy wife is cheating on him and the IRS begins to stalk him about tax problems, Feinstone cracks under pressure and violently walks around the bend. Directed by Brian Juzna, working on a rather dark, witty and insane script by Stuart Gordon, Dennis Paoli and Charles Finch, exposes the boiling neurosis and psychosis bubbling under the creaking clean, well-groomed surface of a respectable rich rich America with a deliciously malicious exultation. In addition, Yuzna further enhances the monstrous sense of humor with black currants. Bernsen positively shines like Dr. Feinston; he skillfully projects a truly unnerving secretiveness, which is directly under Feynston's deceptively calm and confident plywood. The supporting cast is also superb: Linda Hoffman as the bitch, Feynston's unfaithful wife, Brooke, Earl Boene as the clever, intrusive agent of the IRS, Marvin Goldblum, Molly Hagan as the brave assistant of Jessica, Patty Toa as the cheerful helper Karen, Jan Hoagahum, as the brave assistant of Jessica, Patty Toa as the cheerful helper Karen, Jan Hoagahum, as the brave assistant of Jessica, Patty Toa as the cheerful assistant Karen, Jan Hoagahum, as the merry assistant the role of cheerful office manager Candy Virginia Keane as a cute, shy teenager Sarah, Ken Fori as a thorough detective Gibbs, Tony Nokes as equally astute partner Gibbs, Detective Sunshine, Michael Studwek as a womanizer-cleaner of the pool s Matt and Mark Ruffalo as attractive Stivbola Steve Landers. First-class cosmetics f / x no less terrible, rude and distressing than it should be. Levi Isaacs' polished cinematography boasts a variety of excellent crazy angles of angles and several tasty, enlarged close-ups. Alan Hovart’s lively score also strikes a place crawling in the flesh. Pleasantly twisted pleasure.
