The dentist begins the morning of Dr. Alan Feynston (Corbin Burnsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman) for their wedding anniversary. At first glance, Mr. and Mrs. Finestone have a wonderful life, a beautiful house in Los Angeles, and he has a successful career with responsibility, but, on the other hand, everything is wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke has an affair with Matt (Michael Studvek), a pool cleaner, to add to his humiliation. Alan then discovers that Matt is also having sex with Paula Roberts (Liza Simms), one of his neighbors next door, and to lead her. all he owes to the IRS, who breathes his neck, has shed a lot of money. Alan begins to go crazy, he convinces himself that everything is destroyed and rotten, just like his patient's teeth, and it is his business to fix it. At work that morning, he begins to feel frustration and anger at his patients, first he hurts a little boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), he is sexually abused - a patient named April Raine (Krista Sols) after hallucinating that she is his wife And consciously performs an unnecessary and painful procedure over another. Alan also begins to take drugs, as he completely loses him and dies, starting with his spouse and pool cleaner ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Yuzna. I thought that "Dentist" is a good movie, and I tried a little different. The screenplay by Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more of a psycho-thriller than a straight slasher that surprised me, since I was expecting the latter, it would be easy to make a movie for a teen slasher, like on Friday, 13 (1980) with a lot of people and the villainous dentist, but what the Dentist actually turned out to be is quite another. Dentist at heart explores the nature of one person’s descent into madness, and he does an excellent job, although he said that I’m not sure what he was going through is a sufficient excuse for his subsequent murderous actions. He moves at a good pace, has a good story in which I liked the constant connection that Alan establishes between the breakup that he sees in his patients and the breakup that he sees in the world around him, and this is an exciting way to go for more than 90 minutes . It goes without saying that anyone with a phobia about the dentist should probably miss it, otherwise you will never go again! I also liked the finale, where tables are set, I will not say anymore ... <br /> <br /> Director Yuzna does his usual work here, in fact, I don’t think I’ve seen Yuzn’s movie, which I didn’t like degree, he obviously and predictably takes the opportunity to play on our fear of the dentist with some excellent dental torture, including pulling teeth out of people, sexual harassment of them, performing operations with drugs and torturing people with a terrible dentist's drill. There are other blood scenes, a dead dog that someone severely wounded with a knife and cut out tongues. Yuzna gives the film a certain style that was probably low-budget, he likes to tilt the camera to get good viewing angles, and I liked the picture when the camera is over someone who gets knives, and huge splashes of blood splash on the floor in the floor . good wide viewing angle. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, a Dentist is good, worthy cinematography, music and production, although some of the special effects of makeup look a little unconvincing. Acting is quite strong from all those connected with the fact that Corbin showed a great game. Always cool and favorite genre Ken Fori appears as Detective Gibbs, one of the best in Los Angeles. <br /> <br /> The dentist turned out to be different from what I expected, and so much the better, if you are a horror fan, and you may want something a little different, then it’s worth checking out. I liked it and think it is definitely worth seeing.
