I remember how terrified the bloodbath in the movie was when I was younger, and gradually became less and less until I was exhausted enough, as I am sure many other viewers, so a barrage of bloody films made in the last few years, entertained me, but did not frighten me or make me squirm. "Dentist" turned it over. <br /> <br /> The situation seems simple: a mentally unstable dentist damages the insides of the mouth and possibly the bodies. However, the tricky twist is that the dentist is the main character of the film, so instead of being some one-dimensional bad guy with no clear motivation, his development is the most extensive of all the characters, and he is very human and believable. Thus, the viewer feels sympathy for him and his victims, and instead of hoping for justice to come to him, I hoped that he would somehow find a way to hide his tracks and return to normal life. <br /> <br /> What really “makes” a horror movie is violence. And Dentist does it better than any other film I can think of. First, the film has tons of tension, which is usually not enough for modern films. In one scene (), the dentist is emotionally upset and for the first time he has to see a patient with a small child. When he stretches his hand to the child in his mouth, you hope that for the sake of the dentist and the child, the meeting ends without injury. I will not spoil what is happening. Secondly, when blood really comes, it infects all the worst, wriggling nerves. Once again, I will not give anything. <br /> <br /> Of course, a movie you have never heard of has its drawbacks. Most importantly, this is exclusively for horror fans. In addition, as noted by another reviewer, within just a few days we do not receive any information about the characters. And the voltage drops a little at the very end. But in fact, the fact that we would even like to know the background of the characters testifies to how good it is, and the main part of the film is strong enough to forgive any small failures in tension. > Strange, after many years of getting used to the movie, suddenly want to close your eyes at the sight of blood. The “dentist” made me frightened and completely uncomfortable, and this deserves my full approval.
