Dentist - a really good thriller. And quite anxious. I think we can all agree that the chances of encountering a psychotherapist are much higher than those of monsters, vampires, or zombies. That is why this film is so scary. During this film, you will probably think about your own dentist several times. Is he capable of such things ... Better pray that his wife does not cheat on him. That's what the story is about. Dear Los Angeles dentist snaps when he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with a boy from the pool. (By the way, this must be the best profession in the world. Boys always use the services of housewives when the husband is at work). Since then, our dentist, Dr. Feynston, can only get revenge. He can no longer concentrate on his patients, and some of them are injured. Our dentist doesn’t feel better when pursued by an annoying tax inspector, a curious policeman and his suspicious employee. At some point, Dr. Feynston can no longer tolerate this. Now he is not only for his wife, but for all who come to him. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and in collaboration with Stuart Gordon. You can take this as a recommendation for yourself. These two people have already given us some great horror films (and my personal favorites), such as Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the Dentist, they again manage to create an interesting and very scary thriller. This film came on time really. The decade has not yet brought us many wonderful horror films. I don’t say that this is a masterpiece, but it’s a good change. Corbin Bensen is great as a dentist, obsessed with hygiene. I remember him mostly as a comedic or dramatic actor, but he can cope with a psychotic character. The rest of the cast also does a good job. The woman who plays Feynston's wife is really attractive. It was also great to see Ken Fori play again. The actor from my favorite movie, Dawn of the Dead, plays a policeman in this film. Yuzna also played him in “Because of” 15 years ago, and I thank him for that. I do not recommend this film to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I would advise you to skip it), but if you watch it, you'll like it very much. You will be disgusted ... but this is an additional reason, I think. It has been a long time since I was very excited about watching a movie. This is a great theme for the genre, and Yuzna does it great. It is a pity that this film was followed by a completely unnecessary sequel. My humble opinion about the dentist ... 8/10
