I thought ROTJ was the best of the three Star Wars films. I find it surprising that many voters consider ROTJ to be the weakest article in the Trilogy. It seemed to me that ROTJ was the best, because he had the deepest plot, the most intense, the unexpected, the most emotional (especially the final) and, of course, the most episodic film. I personally also like Empire Strikes Back, but I think it’s a little less good than ROTJ, since it was slower, not so episodic, and I just didn’t feel as much anxiety or emotion as I did with the third film. <br /> <br /> It also seems to me that after reading these amazing reviews, the reasons why people call ROTJ a poor-quality film in front of two others are simply ridiculous and insignificant compared with a clear superiority. film as a whole. I heard many strange reasons, such as: a) because Yoda died b) because Bobba Fett died c) because the little Ewoks defeated the stormtroopers d) because Darth Vader was revealed <br /> <br /> I would like expose each of these reasons, because I believe that they are missing the point completely. First, WHO FORGETS, if Bobba Fett died ??? If George Lucas wanted him dead, then he wanted him dead. Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of Bobba Fett, but he appeared at a cameo several times, and Lucas was not going to make him the main character in the films that Star Wars fans called him. His name was not even mentioned anywhere in the film ... You had to go to the credits to find out the name of Bobb Fett !!! Judging by ROTJ, because a minor character died, I think ... Secondly, many fans did not like Yoda’s death. Of course, this was an important moment in the film. I was not happy to see his death, but it makes the film more realistic. You know, all the good guys can not stay alive in a realistic film. Otherwise, if ALL the good guys lived, and ALL the bad guys died, this film would be tantamount to a funny Saturday morning cartoon. Another aspect of this question is about people who do not like Yoda’s death. Well, no one complained when Darth Vader killed Obi Wan Kenobi in New Hope. (Many believe that New Hope is the best of the Trilogy) Why Obi Wan's death was fine, but Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm ... Another reason I just can't believe was even declared because people found cute Evokov, overcoming stormtroopers to be impossible. This is completely ridiculous! I can not believe it! First, the Ewoks are on their home planet of Endor, so they know about their home country because they live there. If you watch the movie closely, many of the tactics that Ewoks used to defeat stormtroopers consisted in the excellent use of their advantage on the field. (Since you have lived in the forest all your life, I hope that you have learned to use it to your advantage). They had rocking vines, ropes, logs to entangle these walkers, and other traps. The attackers were in an extremely disadvantageous position because they were outnumbered and they did not know about the advantages of the forest. The only thing they had was their blasters. In addition, it was not that the Ewoks fought the attack aircraft themselves, they were helped by a group of rebels in this conquest. I thought that if the stormtroopers had defeated a combination of Star Wars heroes, a group of rebels, as well as the huge Evok clan, who knew their native land well, that would be very distressing. Finally, if this scene was still incredible for you ... How about “The Empire Strikes Back” or “New Hope”, where there were a FEW scenes from a group consisting only of Han Solo, Chewbacca and Princess, which were shot like ten the stormtroopers and all their blasters disappeared while the heroes were in sight !! And not only that, the heroes, of course, always strike attackers with their blasters. Then the soldiers must have a VERY, VERY bad target! At least in Empire Strikes Back, the battle of Endor was much more plausible, since you had two armies battled with each other, rather than 3 heroes against the Legion of Storm Troopers. You do not trust me? Check out the battle in the Cloud City when our heroes fled from the Lando base. Or when our heroes rescued Princess Leia and shot at them (somehow they missed) when Han Solo and Luke tried to get out of the Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason I want to discuss (others are just too funny for me to waste my time here.) This is something that people don’t like when Darth Vader is revealed! Well, in many ways it was the main part of the plot of the film. Luke tried to find out if Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker. It would be disappointing if the film ended, if Luke had not seen his father’s face, because it had completed it. According to Annakin’s revelation, he symbolized Darth Vader’s transition from obsession with the dark side (in his helmet), and for a good man he was Annakin Skywalker (removing his helmet). The fact that Annakin died again, turned to the bright side, and this is the meaning of the scene of removing the helmet. Actually, this is what I would do in this scene, if I were the father of Luke ... Is it not what you would do if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes to death, and not in a mechanized form ? Helmet? <br /> <br /> On the other hand, I think that most people’s subconscious or conscious expectation is that the continuation MUST be worse (even if it’s better), that previous films are another reason ROTJ doesn’t gets a lot of praise as it deserves. I never enter a movie with such a hoax, I always try to enter a movie with an attitude: “Well, it could be better or worse than the original ... But I can't know for sure .. We'll see. “So, I’m coming up with an open mind and don’t fool myself, thinking that a clearly superior film isn’t as good as it really is. <br /> <br /> I’m not sure who criticizes these films, but I asked many students and adults who are their favorite Star Wars movie, and they all tell me (except for one person who said New Hope was their favorite) that is ROTJ. I think the results of these polls are terrible and misleading. <br /> <br /> In the end, “Return of the Jedi" was the best of the trilogy. This film was the only one of the three held me on rivets for just 135 minutes. There was not a moment of boredom, because each scene was either intense, exciting, amazing, or all of the above. For example, the emotional lightweight saber battle between Luke and his father was better at The empire strikes back any day !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope that people will see the Phantom threat with an open mind, because if the fans start looking for small, insignificant details (or take it as "just a continuation ") To spoil the movie, tacos like “This film stinks because there is no Luke in it!” then this well-deserved film will become another spectacular film that will be the subject of ridicule, as, unfortunately, survived ROTJ. <br /> <br />
