In particular, I remember this film when I was a teenager, my best friend told me everything about this film and how he excited her in childhood. Of course, being a bloodthirsty girl, which I am, I had to go and find this film. Now I don’t know how to express it without losing credibility, so I’ll just say it, I really had fun watching this movie! I know that this is stupid, not the best story, except bloody and terrible, but this is what I was looking for, and the Dentist relieves from fear, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a funny movie like this to just relax and quarrel. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feynston is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On his wedding anniversary day, he spies on how his wife Brooke has sex with his dirty machine gunner Matt. In his dental practice, the first patient of Feynstone on this day is the young Jodi Saunders, who first came to the dental meeting. Feynston begins brushing Jody's teeth. At first, everything goes smoothly until he imagines that Jody has brown and rotten teeth. His toothpick slips, injuring Jody in the gums. Jody's mother picks up a crying, bleeding baby and angrily leaves. Feynston sees his second patient, beauty queen April Rain. Together with April, Feistone soothes her with nitrous oxide so that he can fill the cavity in one of her molars. When she falls into an unconscious state, Feynston imagines that she has become his wife. He begins to kiss and caress her on the dental chair, then begins to choke her. April begins to cough and half wakes up from gas. Feynston comes out of a trance and quickly buttons his blouse April. Feinston decides to end the day earlier and sends his staff and patients home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feynston during his practice. He is showing his new Italian Opera Hospital Room. He encourages Brooke to try out the dental chair in the room. When she does this, Feynston ties her to a chair and soothes her with nitrous oxide. With opera music beating in the background, he begins to pull out Brooke's teeth. Finestone has gone from the depths and is definitely not going to allow anyone to stand in the way of purity. <br /> <br /> Honestly, no matter how silly this film may sound, I really enjoyed watching Dentist. Without a doubt, the best scene is when he teaches this nasty IRS agent a hygiene lesson that I am sure he will never forget. Dude, I don't think I brushed my teeth after seeing Dentist. Yes, I'm going to warn you, this film is by no means for the faint of heart, it is very bloody. There are stabbing shots, pistol shots and only these brutal scenes of dental torture that will make your stomach turn over. However, somehow I just liked this movie, if I ever want just a good movie made for real horror fans, I will insert it into my DVD player, and this is “tooth” LOL! I'm so funny! Um, yes, I'm trying to give me a little credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
