Watching his wife (Linda Hoffman) engaging in sexual acts with a boy from the pool, the already unstable dentist Dr. Feynston (Corbin Bernsen) completely loses consciousness, which creates major problems for his patients. <br /> <br /> This delightful semi - The original and interesting horror film directed by Brian Yuzna was a welcome change in pace from the usual terrible chatter that was cut out in the late nineties. Despite the fact that “Dentist” was conceived as a funny, funny little film, Yuzna ensures that the film delivers shocking sensations that many more serious films are trying to overcome. Although some characters suffer from a lack of background for the central characters and thus allow events to be created within a few days, the film is intriguing, usually well thought out and dynamic, allowing the viewer to maintain interest. Even in the most ridiculous moments. The “dentist” sometimes suffers from a tightening, but unlike the much worse sequel of 1998, there are only occasional uninteresting moments, and in general the film follows itself. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen was very convincing in the role of the sadist, the insane and the perfectionist Dr. Alan Feynston. The way Bernsen is able to reliably repeat his lines, especially with regard to the dishonesty and immorality of sex (especially fellatio), is unacceptable. While many actors may have problems with the image of a purged psycho who does not look too stupid or ridiculous, Bernsen seems to really match the character of the character he is trying to portray, and thus makes the film even more enjoyable. If “The Dentist” had not been conceived as a funny, almost comical horror film, the performance of Burnsen would probably have been much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including the prestigious Mark Ruffalo) could not play very good performances, and although the film was not really damaged by this, stronger performances could add more credibility to the film. <br /> <br /> "Dentist" - this is not a horror film, which should be taken seriously, but it certainly gives pleasure, especially (I would assume) for fans of cheesy horror. Those who were annoyed by the number of Clones (1996) from the end of the nineties could well find this refreshing change, like me. Rarely boring and generally good pace of the script, as well as some skillful leadership help to make the "Dentist" one of the most pleasant cheese horrors of the 1990s. In addition to this, we see some particularly horrendous and (in general) realistic scenes of dusty dentists who should keep most ghostbusters happy. “Dentist” is far from perfect, but not a bad film that is easily worth seeing at least once. My rating for "Dentist" 6.5 / 10.
