The main theme of this “Dirty Harry” is that revenge is the dish that is best served cold. Sandra Locke is as cold as beautiful in this movie. Locke is usually “8”, but with a deadly pistol in her purse “cocked” for the bad guys, she rises to a scale of “10”. Being raped by a gang together with her younger sister a few years ago, Locke, in the role of Jennifer Spencer, tried to repel the attack in her life as best she could. Her sister, as a result of the injury, is almost in a coma, so the memory is never far from her mind. One day Jennifer sees one of the attackers on the street in SF; she buys a gun, follows him to the bar, lets him pick her up, then, when they are left alone in her cadillac, they start making love, she shoots him ... once in the genitals, alone in the brain - - this is the opening scene! I have to love this cool lady. She has her priorities straight. In addition, Jennifer is a professional artist who puts all her anger on the canvas TO NOW. After performing her first crime, Jennifer watches Det with curiosity. Inhale Harry Callahan processes the new crime scene after the body is found in caddy. She then insults some creepy teenagers who harass women in the street, visit her sister in a nursing home, and then go hunting in Sao Paulo, California, on the coast where rape occurred many years ago. With more bullets in her suitcase and greater determination, our heroine experiences rape in her head with a vivid memory as she approaches the execution of each subsequent rapist. For us, the right, it is not uncommon, when it comes to sentencing or executing a criminal with cruel treatment, do not be saddened about his pathetic humanity, we remember the CRIME and the suffering he caused. Such recalled events force Jennifer to pull the trigger of each of her attackers — once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the film, scenes of Jennifer's revenge are interspersed with good: IL 'Dirty Harry, blowing off several gangsters in a cafe, remembers: “Come on. Do my day? Later, he threatens to step on punk (who just insulted Callahan) in the elevator of the courthouse, as if he stepped on a dog ** t .... leaving a young government worker staring at Clint, as if to say "I want to have your child ". My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes, when Harry threatens and scares the murderous Mafia boss Trelkis in the death coronary period during his granddaughter's wedding reception at the Mark Hopkins Hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangel in “The Godfather II”) copes well with the role of a sinful don mafia, even if he is only in one scene and dies in the most convincing way. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! The lift-punk brigade and the minions of Trelkis each time try to kill Harry in two strictly ordered scenes, and most of them end up dying horribly. Yes, some of the shootings begin as boring screen violence ... it seems that Clint, the director, may have gotten tired of the day of filming this film. But there are only so many ways to send a person with bullets. However, punky children die much more creatively, as they both burn to death and drown in S.F. Bay. Warms my heart. With such a strong intent, aimed at Insp. Callahan, his bosses send him to São Paulo to try to get some background on the “22-gauge vasectomy murder,” since the crime of Jennifer Spencer is now known, but not before Harry delivers one of his famous sermons led by the soup. liberals. I love this Harry. While our hero annoys the local police and citizens in São Paulo, two more murders occur, the same MO, on a grubby, lazy fisherman and an equally creepy entrepreneur in the field of equipment. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They discover that they both agree on issues such as law and order, pay the perpetrators, and so on. Can a hot love scene soon begin? We have to believe only this. The characters abound in this "Real Man" and meet with the criminal drama "Real Woman", and we meet with a copper dam named Ray Parkins, which is both annoying and entertaining. Ray arranged Jennifer’s rape for her “boyfriend” many years ago, and she will eventually get it. The police chief of Sao Paulo, played by Eastwood's trusted colleague Pat Hingle (Hanging Judge in “Hang Up”), is oddly at odds with Callahan’s detective work involving 22 calories until we know that his own Teenage Son was one from the gang of rapists. Like sister Jennifer, the son of chief Jenning is now an adult, in a coma, but crazy for guilt. Here it can not end. Dyke's rapist guy, Mick, now a criminal in criminal sex, drives in from Vegas because Ray threw ten cents at Jennifer, summoning him to Sao Paulo to prevent new executions. Mick sleeps in Ray's house, but he has the wrong time, and he is arrested before he can spend more time with Ray, mainly due to the fact that she has since been sent to the Island of Eternal Lesbos with a shot from Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick finally releases on bail, and Jennifer shoots him. A desperate chase follows when Harry tries to keep the two from killing each other. In the end, everything turns out well: a good girl and a good guy go to sunset together with a beautiful blues song by Roberta Flack.
