Despite the feelings of most Star Wars fans, in my opinion, The Return of a Jedi is the greatest cinematic film ever made. Since the first time I saw it, its depth, intensity, special effects and fascinating history have stunned me. The film was so well made that it could stand the test of time in the last 20 years. Filled with a powerful action, like the culmination of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us the inspiring conclusion of the Star Wars saga in the Jedi. <br /> <br /> Short film content (Contains spoilers for those who have not seen it) <br /> <br /> After the “Empire Strikes Back” left us for three long years, we finally found end of story in Return of the Jedi. Darth Vader in the emotional turmoil unexpectedly visits a new unfinished Death Star to oversee its construction. The emperor will be seen for the first time in this film because he has a final plan to destroy the Rebel Alliance and bring young Luke Skywalker to the Dark Side. Luke, Lando, Leah, Chuvi and the droids go to Tatooine to save the frozen Han Solo from the lord of crime; Jabba the Hutt. After Khan was rescued and Jabba was defeated, Luke returned to Dagobu to find the dying Yoda, where he would learn the terrible truth; Darth Vader is actually his father. Rebel heroes regroup with rebel fleets. Now they are joined by other species and races, including Mon Calamari. The rebels must draw up an all-or-nothing attack plan to destroy the Death Star before it is completed. While Lando heads up the space attack in the Millennium Falcon, Rebel heroes must turn off the Death Star shield generator on Endor's Forest Moon. It is here that the rebels attack the fluffy, but powerful Ewoks. During the intense battle, which consists of two parts, the third battle is to take place, as Luke willingly surrenders to Vader, trying to convince him to leave the Dark Side. In emotionally charged episodes, Luke must meet with his father when the Emperor seduces his dark emotions. When young Skywalker prepares for death at the hands of Palpatine, Vader turns to his evil master to save the life of his son. <br /> <br /> “Return of the Jedi”, filled with a deep story about good and evil, is an exciting, emotionally charged film that redeems the good in all of us.
