When this film was first released, it was promoted with the unimaginable slogan "Dirty Harry is again in this." What is lacking in the originality of this step is more than offset by its full and complete accuracy. “Sudden Strike” retains all aspects that made the previous three “Dirty Harry” films so successful: tight tempo, convincing plot, strong minor characters, endless shooting and dry humor. Some of these elements are not only preserved, but also reinforced - this is perhaps the darkest, the most bloody and frank party of the franchise on the right. <br /> <br /> The plot is somewhat intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of Hooligans, Inspector Callahan goes on a forced "vacation" by his superiors to the sleepy coastal city of São Paulo. He is charged with investigating the origin of the recent murder victim who was shot in the genitals before her second (no doubt significant) misery was dealt by a second shot to the head. At the beginning of the film, viewers will recognize the identity of the killer — an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), who hunts down the thugs who forcibly raped her and her sister at a fun fair ten years ago. This incident is shown in a very disturbing memory, fragments of which are repeated before each new murder. As more and more bodies begin to appear with the same M.O., Harry becomes clear that both the head of the local police force and his new love interest (guess who?) Know more than they say. To further complicate the situation, the former rapists understand who hunts them, and begin to deliver heavy blows. <br /> <br /> “Sudden Strike” offers unremitting action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood himself made this film and masterfully copes with a series of scenes, the culmination of which is an exciting climax. The work of Sondra Locke effectively conveys a mixture of ruthlessness and fragility that determine its character. At the same time, it would be fair to ask whether another actress (who at the time was not Eastwood's companion behind the scenes) could bring more charisma and drama to this role — Teresa Russell and Cybill Shepard came to mind as possible candidates. Members of the auxiliary squad, who beat well above their weight, include Albert Popwell as team-mate Harry Horace, Paul Drake as the psychopath Mick and the truly stealing scene of Audrey J. Ninan, who portrays evil Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the film has some notable problems - some of the plots (hostility between Harry and a gang of twenty-year-old bullies, revenge of the mobs against him) take too long on the screen and do not really have anything to do with the larger story. . Their only real use is to raise the amount of the body to absurd levels. In the first half of the film, it sometimes seems that Dirty Harry shoots people more often than he has to use the toilet. However, the film is moving in full force, and the triangulated cat-and-mouse game between Callahan, Spencer and her former tormentors becomes important. This second hour makes it clear that a more curtailed and slightly refocused scenario would give Sudden Effects the potential to become a first-class neo-noir thriller that could take the series to new levels, but contain more than enough .44 heroin magnums to satisfy loyalists harry. Instead, we get a film that Eastwood and Warner Bros. clearly wanted to make - a superbly executed, but prototypical eighties fighter who basically refuses to challenge the intelligence of the intended audience. <br /> <br /> This was the highest-grossing series at the box office, and it’s easy to see why. Although it’s not the movie it could be, it’s still a lot of fun. Even after repeated views it will make your day.
