In the 1971 masterpiece Don Sigela, Clint Eastwood personified the super-cool, super-cool unorthodox, nonsense filmmaker with his role of the eponymous Harry-Callahan inspector. Then followed two sequels, the first of which, “Magnum Force,” curbed the delightfully politically incorrect attitude of the first, which caused outrage among many critics, but enthusiastic spectators. The second single, “Enforcer,” again became more rude and was named “the dirtiest Harry of all.” However, this title does indeed belong to the fourth film in the series, Clint Eastwood's Sudden Impact, which is undoubtedly the roughest, nastiest, most fiercest and dirtiest of all Harry films, and in my humble opinion, the second Best after the masterpiece original. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! Spoilers ahead! *** In a small town near San Francisco, the mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) lures men into being alone with her. What these men do not know is that the mysterious beauty is their former rape victim, thirsting for bloody revenge. Because fate wants this, San Francisco's toughest cop, inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who was again dismissed from the post of his superiors, spends his free time in this small town ... "Sudden Impact" is Callahan's dirtiest film in several aspects The film is very sandy and graphically cruel. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. Not afraid to use his 44. Magnum to stop the trouble, Harry treats "punks" as they are treated, and even allows a man to get away with several murders, because, in his opinion, revenge kills are justified. Clint Eastwood, as always, is great in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood personified composure and poor build as "The Man without a Name" in Sergio Leone's "Dollar" trilogy, and he did it again in the films "Dirty Harry". “Sudden punch” gives us the dirtiest Harry we have ever seen. Eastwood's girlfriend in real life Sondra Locke is very well suited as a vengeful beauty. The great Pat Hingle, who had already worked with Eastwood in the tough western "Hang 'Em High" Ted Post in 1986, plays the police chief of a small town. In addition, the film includes a wide range of truly disgusting scum characters, including the pitiful criminal played by Kevin Major Howard (known for his role in "Full Metal Jacket" Stanley Kubrick) and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrey J. Ninan) is undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and despicable female characters in the movie. Albert Popwell, who played the bank robber in the famous film "Are you lucky?" The scene in “Dirty Harry” and the black leader of the militants in “The Enforcer” also became part of it again, this time in the role of Harry's colleague and friend. Overall, “Sudden Impact” is the dirtiest, dirtiest and possibly the most violent of all the films “Dirty Harry” (although “The Dead Pool” is also not entirely tame) and my second favorite after the brilliant 1971 original. Absolutely necessary for fans of Callahan, and strongly recommended to all fans of police thrillers and cinematic bad builds. My rating: 8.5 / 10
