Clint Eastwood will again play the lead role in the role of detective Harry Callahan, who is tired of the battle, but he will also be the director of the fourth recording in the series “Dirty Harry”. “Sudden Impact” again, like other additions, brings its own distinguishable style and tone, but in any case it is probably most similar to the original in darker and darker moments (and lends the classic line “Forward. Make My Day” ) ?? but some of his humor seemed to be believed. Bulldog ?? by the name of a meat-eater who is angry and farts. Oh yeah. However, an interesting fact is that this record was the only one in the series, and in San Francisco it was not fully described. <br /> <br /> The story follows from the story of Detective Callahan, who tried to piece together the fragments of the murder in which the victim was killed. in the groin, and then between the eyes. After he got in trouble with office bosses and he caused a stir, who had criminal lords after his blood. He is ordered to leave, but he finds himself in a worker, where he is sent to the coastal city of São Paulo, where a murder similar to a vein occurred (a bullet in the groin and between the eyes) to his case. There, he begins to dig up dirt, which leads to the idea that someone is looking for revenge. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I was not so in love with Eastwood, but after many re-views it almost matured to such an extent that I was probably on a par with the first sequel to Magnum Force. This well-assembled story actually gives Eastwood another perspective of the work (even though it’s more like a subtle perception of vigilance functions at the time), quite literally punishing, but terribly destructive. It’s as if he is experimenting with touches of a noir-thriller with character-driven traits to help develop an emotionally pop-up and possible moral structure. His use of images is long, due to his slippery forebodings of the atmosphere. Dark tones, thoughtful lighting ?? like a scene nearing the end, looking like some kind of western clash of a silhouette figure (Harry with his new .44 machine gun) moving to stunned prey on fishing docks. This is an amazing sight that creates fear! Mixing haunting cold with simple cruelty and a dash of humor. It seemed to come off. The main advantage of these films are the dialogues, although I would not call this “sudden exposure” first-rate, it provides extensive exchanges of information and unforgettable meritorious lines. "You are a legend in your mind." Don't you like to hear Harry light a funny joke before pulling out his piece? The impact action, when it occurs, is exciting and sharp. The only way to go, and the alignment flies past with a small number of flat passages. Lalo Shfrin will return as a composer (after “Enforcer” was scored by Jerry Fielding) and will bring a methodical funk punch, which until now breathed these gloomy remarks into a texture-light musical score that clicked from the very beginning. working behind the camera (where he did an amazing job with “Dirty Harry”) and gives the film many opportunities, wonderfully framing the backgrounds in some impeccable tracking scenes, but also the sharp corners of the instrument in these dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood, since the dinosaur Callahan is still striking, going beyond just this steel look to do the work, and probably shows a little more heart than one would expect from a young Callahan. This is due to a sudden change in the plot of Harry's turn in search of justice by badge, although he does not always agree with this. I just found it strange - a real change of heart. Opposite him - the grand performance of his gentleman at a time when Sondra Locke Her turn traumatic Torment (being senselessly raped with his younger sister) hidden behind a glass of quiet intensity. When anger is released, it is tactically accurate in its outcome. Paul Drake is absolutely terrible and dirty, as one of the targeted thugs and Audrey J. Ninan nail a repulsive sneaky and big-mouth performance. These people are a really ugly bunch of juices. Pat Hingle is as strong as the head of a small coastal town. In smaller parts, Bradford Dillman and strikingly powerful Albert Popwell (regular player in the series 1-4, but under different characters). How can you forget him in "Dirty Harry" ?? Yes, he is a bank robber who stands at the end of the trademark quotation "Am I feeling lucky? Well, yes, punk?"
