This latest entry in George Lucas 'Star Wars' films is often considered the weakest of all. However, this does not mean that it is absolutely useless entry in the series. On the contrary. Of course, he is not as innovative as his predecessors, and sometimes a little slower, but the Return of the Jedi still offers a lot to justify the price of entry. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film, where Luke and his friends rescue Khan from the palace of Jabba the Hutt, is a classic. Jabba, a truly disgusting piece of bloated flesh, speaking his native language, not only makes a great villain, but also unforgettable. It must have been a nightmare to build this giant puppet, much less give it the spark and life that we see on the finished product. In fact, what also makes this sequence fun is the clever use of puppets for the various members of Jabba’s court, including the intimidator, the rancor, and the dreadful monster of the pit Sarlaac. He masterfully develops to its apogee and all the while drawing blows. <br /> <br /> Around the second act, things go a little slower when Luke discovers that he and Leia are tied up in blood, and when we go to the forest, the planet Endor, the home of pretty but persistent Evokov. Most of the complaints about the Return of the Jedi that I read seem to be related to these furry creatures, since they somehow violate the tone of the saga. I do not fully agree with this, although this moment is probably played out a little longer than it should have been. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davies) - a delightfully memorable creature, and observing how they handle the technology of the imperial forces with their simple, natural weapons, provides a good contrast. <br /> <br /> By the time we get to the third act, the pace rises again when we cross the Ewoks battle with the troops, Lando and the Rebel forces launch an attack on the brand new half-finished Death Star of the Empire and the final battle of Luke. with Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter is related to the plot of Jabba Palace as the highlight of the film. Mark Hamill again shoots his acting scum as Luke Skywalker in these scenes, and watching him when he is fully matured, the Jedi Knight makes an unforgettable performance. In addition, as cult as the voice of James Earl Jones, like Darth Vader, he only competes with the shrunken, crone-like Emperor, which Ian MacDiarmid played with a deliciously rude, frightening evil. The tension between this trio increases the excitement of this climatic moment, which is appropriately lit darkly and ominously underlined. <br /> <br /> Star Wars films always set the standard for special effects, and the technical work in The Return of a Jedi can easily bring a candle to its predecessors. Space battles, as always, worry, and the pursuit of speedkeeper on a bike through the forest - a knockout. Of course, given that this film was shot after NEW HOPE and BACK OF EMPIRE, it probably should not be so surprising that the special effects have reached an even higher level of perfection. Action - classic tariff STAR WARS; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher all grow up and go into their roles, and Anthony Daniels gives more fun moments in the role of C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda only appears in two scenes, but he does most of that. And yes, there is the music of John Williams. <br /> <br /> Everyone says, while RETURN OF THE JEDI stumbles a bit in the middle, the first and third acts look stylish, which makes this final rather satisfactory. one of the greatest sagas ever. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas reissued the classic STAR WARS in Digitally Restored (and Updated) Special Editions, which added additional effects and / or images in the form as well as some improvements. Out of all three RETURN OF THE JEDI, it seems that STAR WARS fans have caused the greatest excitement. Perhaps this may be due to the incredibly irrelevant (albeit ridiculous if you are not so easily offended) the musical number "Jedi Rocks" at Jabba's Palace, which, although technically amazing, disrupts the film. Nevertheless, I REALLY liked the scenes with the final montages, where we see the celebration of victory on different planets of the galaxy. This DVD version contains even more settings - we'll see more scenes from the final cut (especially on Naboo, where we hear what Jar Jar Binks “Wes is free!”), And that is probably the most controversial variation of Heiden Christensen as the ghost of Anakin Skywalker in the final scenes. Probably due to the strong (and unfair) contempt of fans for his somewhat shaky work in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF THE CLONES it seems inevitable that fans will put off this release just for the sake of it. However, if you watch the STAR WARS saga in chronological order (and reflect on it), you can most likely react a little differently. However, this is a problem that the fans have raised, so it’s probably better to warn her in advance. <br /> <br /> It would be nice if Lucas had not released the original versions of these three classic films, he is nevertheless worth what he said that these updates are the “final” releases of his classic trilogy, and when watching Star Wars films as a whole as one complete saga (as Lucas suggested), it actually makes sense to keep them technically and aurally agreed upon. Original films will always be captured in our memories, but these new incarnations are just as fun if you can give them a chance.
