The director / star of Clint Eastwood's film “Sudden Impact” is an intriguing addition to the series “Dirty Harry” - a combination of rough filmmaking and genius. He is mediocre and stupid in details, brilliant and classical in others, with a convincing, exciting rhythm. There are numerous echoes of the first film - a scene from the film “Make My Day” reminds “You're lucky”, one of the villains is as internally disgusting as Scorpio from the first film, the actor who played a minor villain comes back here as Harry's partner - just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan still disagrees with the top managers in the department, still means, is still tough, but now he is older and tired. His constant conflicts with superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict — respect and respect for the law, rather than a desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, these two things are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the main theme of the series. In the first film, a simple question was asked: “What about the rights of the victim?” - (They outweigh those of the criminal? On the contrary? Does it depend?). The response of this film was controversial, prompting a sequel (a very pleasant Magnum Power), which aimed to draw the line between Harry’s fairness brand and a clean, heartless vigil. Dirty Harry, like many other roles of Clint, is the personification of revenge, the defender of the defenseless. This film, however, returns it to the victim, in this case Jennifer (depicted by Sondra Locke), who decides to avenge the rape of herself and her now incapacitated sister, mercilessly tracking down and ritualizing the execution of men (and one woman) who committed the crime. <br /> <br /> Without going into the play of the entire film, I will say this — I mentioned earlier that “Sudden Strike” echoes the first film — in fact, it also sprinkles references and jokes from the entire series (confusion about the last name The captain is an example - a deliberate joke, I suppose). Is the relationship between Callahan and Jennifer very good - did our cheating hero find a soul mate in this female friendship? And is she a vigil or victim who rightly defends the tainted rights of her and her sister? The exchange between the two at the very end of the film is a poetic outcome of the series, which I personally (as a fan) found quite exciting. This last scene alone makes The Sudden Exposure the legitimate climax of the Dirty Harry collection, the perfect answer to the conflict posed in the first film. (Do not knock on Dead Pool - this excellent film was relatively lighthearted, but at the same time comic thriller featuring Harry Callahan, and not a film defining a character like this). <br /> <br /> This movie did well in cinemas - viewers of the Reagan era found Harry and his loved ones very attractive, and the president himself often quoted: “Come on, make my day.”
