It is strange to see a film in which some scenes work rather poorly (at least in comparison with other films in his legacy), while others in the “plot” or supporting story are surprisingly provocative and powerful. Sudden Impact is one of those times when Clint Eastwood, as a star / producer / director, shows when he can be at his best or at a time when he is dealing with a criminal / mysterious / detective story in his fame "Dirty Harry" . We get this “make my day” line, and unlike the first film, where his speech “I feel happy” was playful and cool for the first time, and the second time at the end of a tough one, like nails, everything changed. As usual, he gets into a different fuss with the department when he tries to fight crime "in his own way", in particular by using a diner robbery (inspiration for reading matter?) And with a high bus ride rate for the elderly. He was told to “take a vacation,” and this is the last thing on his mind. This whole main plot is not very convincing, besides the length of the plot and lines, which only adds to disappointment. But soon his story merges with the story Eastwood has been developing from the very beginning. <br /> <br /> Enter the character of Sandra Locke, Jennifer Spencer, whom we will soon find out after some (respectively) mysterious scenes in which she and her shy sister were victims of cruel, unfair sexual assault (mistake, direct rape), and this it was smooth, under cover, like revenge. Her scenes and history are the most powerful parts of the film, the most intense, and finally when he enters Callahan’s storyline (he learns the facts in the same small town in which she is involved in the murder), the film finally finds a focus between the classic Eastwood form well-defined good and evil (although sometimes blurry, to be sure). Eastwood removes memories, not to mention them, skillfully, in a fresh experimental style; Lalo Schifrin's trademark rating is absolutely atmospheric in these scenes and in others. It seems that a couple of times the sensuality of the art house has penetrated into Eastwood's firmly simple narrative style, which helps to make the film watchable. <br /> <br /> However, it’s a shame that in the end he goes beyond the expected (or perhaps not expected) points, and before the third act Callahan had nothing to do except his usual “blacksmith ... Wesson ... and me". However, with Locke, he gets a very good performance from her (more subtle and touching than in “The Gauntlet”) and an exciting climax in an amusement park. In a sense, I disagree with Ebert's remark that this is similar to Eastwood's “music video”. I admit that there is a comparison with the simplicity of both, spontaneity, but the scenes in which Eastwood breaks the shape, surpass the scenes of any music video. It's stupid, sharp-edged, not suitable for the first two “Harry” paintings, but, hey, there may be worse ways to spend a couple of hours with the master .44.
