After Star Wars: New Hope redefined science fiction, and Empire Strikes Back redefined Star Wars, it's hard to believe that the third and last film of this trilogy can be as good as the other two, but This one really does a good job. The first part of the film is devoted to the resolution of the cliff left by the previous one, with an elaborate escape plan that corresponds to the incredible tension and action of the first two films. Then the film returns to the rebel alliance and what happens in the war. In the scenes a lot of action takes place, right up to the final confrontation of the uprising with the Emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of their seats from everything that leads to it, and this final battle is even more intense than in other films. This climax is definitely more actionable than any other part of the trilogy, with the greatest threat to the uprising. It is constantly changing between the ground battle between the rebel strike team on land (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the battle raging in space (including Lando), and the confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new Death Star, which leads to another duel with Darth Vader This is really intense, since the rebels seem to be constantly losing the battle, which will determine the outcome of the war, and it looks like it will not go away. Although I think that the idea of ​​suppressing stormtroopers with Ewoks was somewhat contrived, it did not seem very unrealistic, since they distracted the rebels more than they posed a real threat to the stormtroopers, although they did have some problems. Good luck in dealing with them. In the end, there is another twist that no one has seen, which may not be as stunning as in “The Empire Strikes Back,” but it is still very good to complete the very spectacular trilogy. With a light tone of “New Hope” and a more ominous tone of “The Empire Strikes Back,” this film truly complements them, uniting them in this grand finale. The Return of the Jedi special edition focused on what would be nice to change, since the original is not so much needed. Fifteen years of technological advances did not seem to compensate for the fifteen-year deterioration in the rancor scene, and there is still the occasional disappearing TIE fighter, but other than that it was good. The moving tentacles and a huge fly head-like head appeared to the gaping not threatening mouth of Sarlak, which certainly added uncertainty. In addition, the disco was removed from Jabba’s palace, and the lame ending of the original was replaced by a huge victory celebration covering the entire galaxy, and not just the small village of Ewok, which took place in the original, and this is not really the end of the story as big as it is deserved. It is difficult to say which of the three films was the best, but since this is part of the same story, the overall trilogy is like one big, outstanding film. THIRD is a must-see for movie fans.
