The vigil has long attracted viewers because it evokes a feeling of quick and confident justice; good triumphs over evil, and the bad guy gets his merits. This is, in fact, one of the things that made the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He carries the badge and works within the law, but in the depths of his heart Harry is a vigilant defender, defending justice “in his own way,” which often puts him in conflict with his superiors, as well as with the criminals he persecutes. But this is what attracts the audience; Anyone who has ever been bogged down in bureaucratic nonsense of one sort or another is happy to see someone cut through the red ribbon and continue it - even if it is only on the screen. And this satisfaction gained from the fact that justice has triumphed - and quickly - is one of the elements that makes Sudden Strike, controlled by Eastwood in the title role, so successful. In this fourth series, working on the murder, Harry is faced with a conscientious vigil at work - a man whose justice corresponds to his own, with one exception: whoever he is, he definitely has no badge. <br /> <br /> Inspector Callahan, in his own unique way, was again on the bad side of the department and was ordered to take a vacation. So he does; how can only "Dirty Harry". In the small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself at the center of the murder case, which he quickly associates with the recent murder in San Francisco due to the unique M.O. hired by a criminal. It is inexplicable that Harry is facing resistance from local police chief Jennings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to use the tactics and methods of his big city in other places. However, Harry does not continue to hold back the investigation, which involved the beautiful and talented young artist Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovers the connection between the victims; However, the main question is where does Jennifer Spencer fit into the picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is in great shape here, both in front of the camera and behind it, and perhaps he is the second best of the five TV series, right behind the original “Dirty Harry”. It has been seven years since the last sentence of "Harry" ("Enforcer", 1976), but Eastwood is once again returning to a character who possesses abilities and new power. And this, of course, benefits from the fact that he sits in the director’s chair, as he is able to reflect the essence of not only his own character, but also of the “spirit” that made these films so successful, and he does this, knowing the territory and establishing continuity that almost erases this seven-year gap between numbers 3 and 4. As with all the films he directs, Eastwood sets a deliberate pace that is ideal for this material and creates enough tension to keep it interesting and engaging with wow beginning to end. <br /> <br /> Joseph Stinson’s script is well written and articulated in the characteristic “Dirty Harry” style; the dialogue is lively, and the story itself (conceived by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most attractive since the original “Dirty Harry”, as she successfully tries to play on very personal aspects of the drama, rather than on the action entirely. The characters are well drawn and convincing, and, of course, this film gave us one of Harry's best phrases: “Go ahead, make my day ...” <br /> <br /> Like Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make this character so popular: he lives according to a personal moral code, a true person, created from those things that we imagine as pioneers who populated this country and made America what it is. it is today. Harry personifies the sense of freedom and justice to which we all aspire and which we value so much, perhaps even more today than ever before. It doesn’t matter who we are or where we come from, of course, there is a part of us that wants to be Harry or at least have him around. "Dirty Harry" is an icon of the cinema, and it is impossible to imagine anyone other than Eastwood portraying him; For better or for worse, Eastwood is, no doubt, “dirty Harry,” just as Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke plays the full role of Jennifer Spencer, the young woman is offended and craves for revenge, or, as she sees, “justice.” She manages to bring firm determination, permeated with the vulnerability of her character, with a convincing, introspective approach that far exceeds what is typical of the action genre. Even against the backdrop of violence, Locke continues to focus on Jennifer and the traumatic events that led her to this stage of her life. Her image perfectly complements Harry Eastwood and becomes, in philosophy and business, a bit of a colleague. <br /> <br /> There are two performances in the background role: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best 'psycho' from the moment of the dynamic image of Andy Robinson as the serial killer in the original 'Dirty Harry.' With actually very limited screen time, Drake creates a truly embarrassing presence that is believable and convincing, which greatly increases the audience’s purely intuitive response. This is a guy you can't wait to see Harry take care of in the end. Audrey J. N Inan, who makes her character Ray Parkins, the embodiment of the notorious “low life" that can be found in any bar in any city. This is a performance that evokes an intuition response, and it greatly increases the credibility of the film, as it helps to provide the necessary feeling realism. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Albert Popwell (Horace) Mark Kevlun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Krueger). With the perfect combination of drama and action, “Sudden Impact” distributes justice, which is full delay from reality; perfect justice is not so perfect world, which creates a satisfactory cinematic experience. 9/10.
