Who said zombies can't be turned into useful members of the community? Of course, not the creators of "Fido", which lead us to a unique version of the 1950s, where the undead turned into butlers and servants for a growing middle class. Timmy Robinson is an all-American boy who becomes emotionally attached to the family’s new full-time household — a recently resurrected zombie whom Timmy affectionately named Fido. All of this was made possible by Zomcom, an “big brother” type of organization that found a way to make zombies (which were originally animated by radiation from space) controlled and obedient — at least most of them. time. <br /> <br /> This is a perverse modern twist on the TV series “Lessy,” which could easily be called “The Boy and His Zombies,” takes cunningly satirical hints at such problems until the 1960s. as obsessive social conformity (in this case, “maintaining relationships with Jones” means having more zombie servants than the people in the neighborhood), sterility of suburban life, corporate control over civil matters, corruption in small towns and values ​​of family values ​​— all of this played beautiful setting of colorful houses and immaculately groomed lawns. The film does not hit the public with its message, nor does it participate in the infinite hyperbola to cause laughter. Instead, it is a low-key, subtle little satyr that causes a grateful chuckle rather than a big-bellied laughter. Much of the humor stems from the inconsistency between the serenity of the setting and the cavalier's attitude toward death, demonstrated by the beautiful citizens of the community (Life magazine was replaced by the death magazine periodical). Despite some playful graphic violence, the film remains true to the spirit of innocence, which we usually associate with both the 1950s themselves and the cheesy, low-budget horror films that were such a big part of that decade's pop culture scene. <Br /> <br /> K'Sen Ray, Carrie-Anne Moss and Dylan Baker are friendly and attractive, like Timmy with wide eyes and his parents miser (with a slightly ominous tinge), while Billy Connolly performs almost the impossible task of bringing a large amount of humanity and depth to the role of the resurrected corpse. <br /> <br /> This is what Lassie could have been if Timmy’s best friend had suffered from rabies.
