In the immortal “Shaun of the Dead”, we are introduced to London, where idlers and mighty ones alike have to fight reanimated versions of the corpses of their friends and family. At the end of the film, it is assumed that the zombies are rendered harmless and used as cheap labor. “Fido” presents us with an epilogue to “Sean”, filmed in the 1950s in America, in a fun witty and original phrase “what if ...?” Film. <br /> <br /> The movie takes place after a zombie apocalypse; after the horrors of the Zombie Wars that ended with the creation of the ZomCon company and their patented zombie collars that make the bodies as obedient as the lambs. Every city in the world is fenced off from the Wild Zone, once a fertile landscape, torn apart by surviving zombies and remnants of apocalyptic wars. The idyllic city of Willard is your typical suburb of the 50s with one small difference: social status is measured by the number of domesticated zombies in a family. Unfortunately, there are no zombies in the Robinson family, as their patriarch Bill is afraid of the resurrected dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen suffer from the pressure of suburban life until the day Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress the neighbors. <br /> <br /> Zombies deserve Timmy's love when he rescues him from a pair of cruel hooligans, and these two form a bond to compete with the classic cliche “boy and his dog” ... the boy and his zombies. Timmy calls his “pet” Fido, and soon he becomes both Timmy and Helen as an assistant, to avoid the prison routine in which Bill put them. But when the Fido collar collapses and devours the elderly Mrs. Henderson, the Robinsons have to hold back their connection to the sudden epidemic of wild zombies and still save their beloved Fido. <br /> <br /> The film, the sharp mind and satirical blood of which carry as much as its star composition (including Kerry-Anne Moss’s The Matrix as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido), "Fido" is a zom-com for the ages. With some rather confusing plots — for example, sweet and disturbing feelings that Helen and Fido begin to experience towards each other — and with a sharp commentary on the suburbs of the 50s and the zombie genre, the film reveals the worst (and the best) in his characters, at the same time allowing you to take care of them. <br /> <br /> Fido, unconditional about one of the best dark comedies that I have ever seen, one of the best films I've seen in a long time, and the best zom-com since the incredible "Shaun of the Dead".
