Well, I did not know what to expect when I saw the cover for Fido, to be honest, when I came across it in the video store, I had a desire to rent this film, but none of this attracted my attention. But when I looked around in Netflix, they advertised it like crazy if I liked dumb scary movies, so I decided to just try. I am so glad that I watched it, it was just a great movie, it was very fun and so cute to watch. As I said, this Pleasantville meets the Night of the Living Dead, it's just a great concept, what happens after a zombie mega attack? As we see in another comedy about zombies, “Shawn of the Dead”, they are having fun, turning zombies into “useful” citizens. This is a very underrated horror / comedy film, I think many people were so excited with Shaun of the Dead that they got a boot. But this is a great story, and the cast was perfect and turned it into a really funny movie. <br /> <br /> In the alternate universe of the 1950s, when cosmic radiation turned the dead into zombies. This radiation still affects humanity, since all those who die after the initial pollution turn into undead. To continue living a normal life, communities are fenced off with the help of a managing corporation called Zomcon. Zomcon provides collars with accompanying remote controls to control zombie hunger for flesh to use as slaves or servants. In the city of Willard, housewife Helen buys zombies, despite the phobia of her husband Bill's zombies. Their son Timmy is friends with a zombie, calling him Fido. One day, Fido’s collar doesn’t work, and he kills their nearest neighbor, who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombie neighbor. When a pair of local hooligans are accused of missing a neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Elena comes and rescues Timmy and Fido from the hooligans, and they try to forget about all this. A few days later, the body of the neighbor was found, and the murder was traced to Fido, who would be taken away to Zomkon, where the public is told that it will be destroyed. Through a friend, Timmy learns that Fido simply works in a factory in Zomkone. Timmy is going to save him with the help of a neighbor with a zombie girlfriend in the hope of returning Fido. <br /> <br /> I really highly recommend this film, if you have the opportunity to watch it, it is so stupid but very fun Billy Connelli did an excellent job as Fido and really brought a lot of life to a character without a pun. I think the scene that made me laugh the most was when Timmy was supposed to bury the old woman who was attacked and killed by Fido, his last words were so funny: “You were not very good, but you loved flowers, ?? "and he buried her in the garden. Not to mention a neighbor with a zombie girlfriend, sick, anxious, wrong, but a classic laugh. I still like that, despite the fact that it looks like a world like" Leave this beaver " , there is still a lot of blood in the film. So if you have a chance to see Fido, take him, I promise a good laugh. <br /> <br /> 9/10
