As soon as I heard about this film, I realized that I had to check it out. Well, I heard about it, then I found a trailer. After that, I realized that I should see it. And I'm so glad I did. Do you want to see classic TV mixed with zombies? Not? Then get lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a film, unlike anything I've ever seen. Well, actually, sort of. It's like an episode with Lassie and a movie about zombies. Although in combination it seems completely new and original. FIDO about a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Well, this new pet is neither a piercing parrot, nor some trained puppy. This is the living dead ... zombies. A large radiation cloud swallowed the Earth, which led to the rebellion of all the dead, which followed the wars of zombies. Although thanks to the genius of Reinhold Giger, a leading scientist at ZomCon, he found that if you destroy the brain, the zombies will die, which will give us an advantage and victory in the zombie war. Although due to prolonged radiation, he who dies becomes a zombie. What can be a problem, especially for older people. Although Zomcom comes out again with a lot of breakthroughs, especially with a domestication collar. The collar stops the zombie's need for human flesh and thus makes it harmless, like a pet. But not everything is perfect in this zombie utopia, collars break, old people die and ... well, I just let you watch this incredibly unique film. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a fantastic idea brought to life. With a starry cast and a great script, FIDO surpasses most of the comedy / horror genre. There are many funny and original situations that really entertained me. Although after watching the film, I personally think that the film would be better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the film does not last too long and moves from scene to scene at good speed. It is likely to eventually become a kind of cult classic, because in reality it is not a funny comedy or even a horror movie. This is a comedy film, a film about family / zombies, immersed in the atmosphere of the 1950s. If you think what I said here, it was interesting, by all means watch this movie. But if you're still on the fence, lift your foot back and stay there. 8.5 out of 10
