About a year ago I was watching television news when a story about a zombie film was broadcast in my area. Since then, I have paid particular attention to this film "Fido", since he finished the production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido began playing in my local theater. And just yesterday I read a newspaper article that said that Fido did not attract an audience in its limited edition, with the exception of our local theater. In fact, all the other performances in The Paramount Theater take place here, including 300. Of course, this makes sense, since many locals want to see their city on the screen or notice how they roam the zombie makeup. And for any other locals who have not yet seen Fido, but are viewing it, I can say that there are many images on the screen, from school to the city park and the restricted area, which you will recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley beautiful. Precisely beautiful landscapes in the film about zombies! However, Fido himself is a very good film. Yes, despite its flaws, it's better than most of the 20 other films that play in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lessie, in which the collie was replaced by a member of the undead. This is a smart premise. And the film goes even further, using the emphasis on conformity in the 1950s and playing the cold war paranoia that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it is based on the fact that zombies can be tamed or trained, which George Romero first introduced in the Day of the Dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sen Ray plays a small urban boy whose mother (Carrie-Anne Moss) is eager for a zombie servant so she can be like all the other housewives in her neighborhood. However, his dad (Dylan Baker) is against this idea, because once he had to kill his own "zombie father". In the end, the family acquires a zombie named "Fido" (played by Billy Connolly) and adapts to life with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by the casting. He is able to convey confusion, longing, hatred and devotion to Fido only through his eyes, clumsy body and grunt. Connolly shows that he can play underrated characters better than his insanely comedic characters. This is his best role ever since Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido is following in the footsteps of other recent zomkomov, such as Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. Being a man who appreciates the films of Bruce Campbell and Misty Munda more than the films of Eli Roth and Jigso, I prefer humor over blood in my horror. Nevertheless, I understand the criticism of those horror fans who believe that there is not enough “massacre of the undead” in Fido. Nevertheless, I am sure that patient viewers will be rewarded with the gentle humor of films. <br /> <br /> The film falls apart in the third act. It was as if the authors were so immersed in the cute background of domesticated zombies in the 1950s that they forgot about the storyline. However, given my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation for viewing the surroundings on the screen, I rate Fido 9 out of 10.
