I just watched World Preem of Fido at the Toronto International Film Festival and enjoyed it a lot. Here we have a long-awaited remake of the genre, which, it is believed, was for the first time (undoubtedly, “expanded” and successful) George Romero. But this is a Canadian film by a Canadian director, and this is a comedy! And, YES, I really think it's better than Sean of the Dead. Fairly believable and, more importantly, pleasant performances by Dylan Baker, Carrie-Ann Moss and young actor C'San Ray, whom I suspect we will see much more in future films. Nevertheless, I must admit that I liked most of all the delightful turn of Tim Blake Nelson as a neighbor of Mr. Theopolis, who essentially plays the finished animated version of Victor Van Dort from “The Bride of the Corpse” (or, for those who saw the movie, didn’t it reads even better here as “Pride of the Corpse?” and, of course, Scottish actor Billy Connolly in his least lively, but at the same time deeply touching role of the main character. Just think, he would not have received this role if it were not for Peter’s commitment Escape stormara from prison (as was shown in the answers to the questions after the show on Thursday night). I can't help but assume that the writers must have drawn inspiration from the “Bub” zombie of the Day of the Dead. I'm not interested in ever revealing plot details during the Comment, and I will not start now. Suffice it to say that Fido is NOT one of those dark, graphically bloody zombie films you can rely on from Romero. Rather, this is a film in which you will laugh all the time, and although (and I had to carefully think about it to be sure) there is a fair amount of bloodshed and violence, a delightful humor that is so well reinforced by the surrealistic environment created by director Kerry and his co-authors , is of great importance in order for it to look like a function that should have a PG-13 rating. I urge you to go see this little Kanuk stone. I will definitely buy a DVD as soon as it appears, I hope, by next summer.
