I believe that the main curse of participation in the Toronto Film Festival is your date and time of release corrupted. To be honest, I'm just happy that Fido was picked up for distribution in the USA. Anyway ... <br /> <br /> Have you ever seen Sean dead? Good. What about Lassie? Can you reconcile the two? Well, if you can, your name may be Andrew Kerry, the Canadian pilot of the first family themed comedy about zombies, or Zomedy. (Seriously, that was the name of the book for printing in Toronto.) Although Fido is not as cruel, dry, or British as Sean of the Dead, he remains true to his roots: devotion to the old black and white television of the 50s, including Lassie and the notorious sci-fi pulp that was pumped out over a period. <br /> <br /> Fido's talented headliners (Carrie Ann Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker and Tim Blake Nelson) are evidence of the magnificence of the script. The film explores all the consequences of its premise: a world in which zombies were turned into servants because of the huge number of them due to a strange accident. Why would you use your new undead servant? The Butler? Manual labor? Pet? Incredible acts? Fido uses all of these features in a pleasant and surprisingly classy manner, thanks in large part to the work of Connelly (as one of the zombies mentioned) and the young television actor K'San Ray, who sometimes seems like better young Elijah Wood than young Elijah Wood was. <br /> <br /> If you expect another Shaun of the dead, don’t waste your time. In the genre there is not enough blood and tychkov to satisfy you, and you just leave the theater bitter and depressed. But if you are ready to take a look at what is happening with Sean of the Dead, when he jumps over the lake, a treat awaits you. Think of Fido as the sensitive, more often beaten younger brother of the rebellious loser Sean from the Dead, and you start to experience a drift. If you love (or at least tolerate) zombies, small children, and a lot of ruthless satire, Fido is the movie for you. If not .... well, you know the drill. Just hit them square between the eyes.
