Once upon a time, in a galaxy far, far away ... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original Star Wars film was released. He does not remember when he first saw the film, but he also does not remember life before him. He remembers the first Star Wars themed gift he received ... a shoebox full of figurines from the original set. He was too young to fully appreciate how special this gift would be. But years later, he will receive what is still considered one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box with combat figures, ten of the last twelve, which he needed to complete his collection. Now the family of this boy became a legend, as the last figure he needed, Anakin Skywalker, ceased to be made and transported in stores, and how this boy lasted about ten years (until he went to college), trying to track him down , buy it from someone on his dorm floor for a pack of beer nuggets (don't ask ... this is a thing from the University of Northern Illinois). <br /> <br /> I can't see Star Wars as a movie. He represents absolutely everything good, funny and magical in my childhood. In my mind there is no separation from Christmas, birthdays, summer and winter. In winter, my friends and I built snow forts and pretended that we were on Hoth (I was always Han Solo). My friends' dad built a tree house for them, and he served as an evok village. They also had a huge pine tree, the lower branches of which were tall enough to create something like a cave under it, and this is a great place to pretend that we are in the house of Yoda. I'm frankly stupid when it comes to Star Wars, and I think that people either understand this or not. I don’t like “The Lord of the Rings” or “Star Trek,” but I understand the rabid group of fans who follow them because I'm a crazy fan of George Lucas films. <br /> <br /> I don’t feel the need to defend my opinion of these films as the greatest of all time. Every time I put them in a DVD player, I feel that I am again eight years old, when life was simple, and the biggest problem for me was to find out how I was going to track down Anakin Skywalker's figure. <Br /> <br /> Score (for the entire trilogy): A +
