If you like horror movies with lots of blood and blood, tons of intimidating moments and unrelenting escalations of a painful death scene, then look elsewhere. If you like the quiet, capricious, thoughtful horror that casts blood in favor of a genuine sense of fear, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Thoughtful, stressed George, his psychoanalyst wife Kim and their little son Miles go to the snowy countryside for a long weekend away from the city. Along the way, George knocks a deer from his car. The hunters who pursued the deer are not thrilled when they discover that George has stopped his pursuit. In particular, the deranged hunter Otis takes it personally. He follows the family home so they can see him. He spies on George and Kim when they have sex. He shoots through their windows with his rifle when they are not at home, allowing them to detect sinister holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Kim takes Miles to the city pharmacy, Miles is attracted by a small sculpture in the window, carved in the shape of a man with a deer's head. The Indian tells Miles that it is Wendigo, the spirit of the forest, who loves meat and is always hungry. Miles takes the piece home with him, pursued by the death of a deer the day before. On that day, when he and his father were sledding, George was shot, and Miles was being pursued by a creature barely seen in the forest ... or is he just shocked and imagines it all? A few hours later, George immediately goes to the hospital, and Miles is still squeezing his statue, or fainting, or dreaming, or sent to a distant quest, in which Wendigo returns. This time, an evil, flesh-eating god — half a tree, half a deer and half man — hunts Otis, who has finally stepped across the border. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully made film, almost completely silent, but because the wind is howling through the snow-covered trees. Well, the monster itself looks like a fake, but this is a small flaw, more than made up for by a genuine sense of tension and fear that penetrates through each frame of the film, and by the eerie background of quiet, snowy snow. countryside. The performances are great, especially Jake Weber in the role of naughty and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson in the role of his sweet, but at the same time stupid wife. They are a happy couple with their common problem, and it is the strength of their relationship and their love for each other that make this film strong. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's home video, the performances are so realistic. <br /> <br /> This film is not for everyone. Many people may be bored, expecting a disgusting Lovecraft, and bloody revenge that will never come. We can never be sure that Wendigo exists at all if you look at it with the eyes of a sensitive child, and then with the eyes of a madman. This is rather a psychological drama than a horror film, but it has more than enough creepy elements to satisfy the fans of subtle horror.
