Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and son Miles (Eric Per Sullivan) go to the country for a winter weekend from the noisy metropolis of Manhattan. On the way, they hit the dollar and ended up stuck in the snow. Comes a group of hunters who hunt down a dollar. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Spredakos), is insane because an accident broke the horns of a buck. George, Kim, and Miles are worried about Otis, and, even worse, we quickly find out that Otis found out where they were staying. Meanwhile, Miles is given a Wendigo token (a kind of individual who changes the spirit / monster shape) of an Indian who he saw only. Otis - crazy to get our heroes? Are wendigos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I see where Wendigo will have problems with appealing to viewers. This is quite a budget film, with technical limitations, often translucent. Most of the film, and maybe all, is not really about the title creature. And, perhaps, a fatal blow for many people, he has a very ambiguous ending, with many unanswered questions. If you are discouraged by such endings, and you don’t like movies that aim to make you think and discuss what it all means, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like this. I usually prefer some ambiguity. Wendigo marketing is aimed at those who want a quick, scary creature click, where they expect a grand battle with some supernatural monster who is ultimately defeated, and everything is neatly connected, except for the opening for Wendigo 2: Return of the Monster, but it is not what this movie is. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than most people would think. Hell, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, reciting Robert Frost. Frost's poem and George's comment that Frost can evoke complex images and an atmosphere of seemingly simple things is the key to the film. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the film is its complexity. In a sense, there are four different films taking place at the same time, one from each character. According to George, he is not the happiest or most pleasant guy in the world, and he has problems raising children. For him, the film is a realistic, terrifying descent of his life, going from bad to worse. In the topic of Patricia, she is looking for the rejuvenation of her life and family. She is a psychologist who basically denies the problems around her, hoping that they will go away and recover. In Otis's thread, he is even more unfortunate than George, and George’s arrival in his life symbolizes the final “crack” in his psychological armor. And in the stream of Miles, which is probably the most important in the film, life is like a grand poem because of its youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. But in the end it is a terrible story, albeit with hope, and the events in the film give Miles a poetic interpretation of a grim turn. However, when all is said and done, he seems to be the only one who keeps his composure because of the poetic worldview. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film is low-budget, there are many well-executed ambitions above the budget. Fessenden and photo director Terry Stacy found great shots in beautiful places and created some interesting slide shows, such as editing (for example, postcards or images of Indian Wendigo from a book). There are also more interesting and traditional installations, such as Miles’s nightmare. Wendigo is better shot and edited than many large budget films. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The appearance of "Wendigo" at the end worked for me and was accordingly ambiguous. The lighting was usually good — there were several times when the dark scenes were not as clear as they could be, but it seemed like it was a big problem with film (instead it could be digital) or transmission. I thought the performances were good and much more realistic (if you appreciate it) than most films. Although I didn’t really notice the bill, he must have been fine, otherwise I would have noticed a negative judgment. <br /> <br /> In general, Wendigo is a very good film that is worth watching without prejudice. As long as you do not mind thinking about the films that you watch.
