A remarkable example of cinematic alchemy in action, when the banal lead game scenario (written by clumsily mediocre Hollywood burglar Joel Schumacher, no less) magically turns into a select piece of elegantly sparkling 24-carat gold drama due to vigorous leadership, fresh, attractive performances, precise production, and productive, industrial production. , fragrant rest in New York of the 50s, contagious effervescent tone "with a beat" and a truly amazing rhythm and blues note Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> This story, largely based on the real exploits of Supremov, prosaically documents a difficult climb to rags with bright eyes from poor black teenage girls who are desperate to get away from their dirty, inappropriate ghetto plight and turn its into the vast world of commercial R & B music. All the obvious problems of instant wealth and success — the ego is destructively angry, drugs, corruption, the struggle to preserve its integrity, etc. — are predictably exposed, but fortunately evenly excellent work, evident in other parts of the film, almost completely cancels the boring Schumacher's plot. First-class acting helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are sensationally sexy, energetic and attractive leaders - and great singers. Relatively good performances are also performed by Philip Michael Thomas, a charmingly boyish sub- "Vice-Maya" as the patient, gentlemanly manager of the group, Dorian Harwood as the corrupt, aggressively in love McKee hound dog and the long-term wicked daughter of Tony ("Hell Up in"). Harlem, "Bactown") King as a dangerously seductive, smoothly working, stone cold nasty gangster. The tone also swallows the dovetail from ridiculous and sharp to melancholic and frivolous, never missing a beat, deftly turning into a luminous, elevating ode to the extraordinary ability of the human spirit to effectively overcome extremely difficult and frightening chances. <br /> <br /> Veteran editor Sam O'Stern proves himself brilliantly in his directorial debut. The luminescent cinematography of Bruce Surtis and expert editing by Gordon Scott are flawless. O'Stern's firm understanding of the historical atmosphere, a sharp look at the tiny, but telling little details and the unmistakable feeling of a busy, uninterrupted pace are just as impressive. Do not be fooled by the impeccable soundtrack of Curtis Mayfield. “Jump”, “What can I do with this feeling”, “Shake up”, “Take my hand, precious Lord”, “I love you, baby” and “Look into your heart” - all this is terribly melodious, sincere, almost unbelievable fantastic songs, with John's sweet-stuffy love game "Something He Can Feel", which was later covered by Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, clearly replicating major music awards as the best song in the entire film. The cumulative result of all the above outstanding attributes convincingly illustrates that sometimes this is not so much a script, but rather what is done with a specified script, which, in turn, determines the overall quality of the film.
