It was a doubly interesting experience. For some reason, the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century has never been a central figure in cinema *. The closest ones I can imagine are the films with Einstein in them, “Campaign for Caesar”, where (like “deus ex ma-china”) they hear how a great man explains his point of view on a radio quiz, so Ronald Colman proved in the end, gave the correct answer, and in the "Bullshot", where the great Albert - one of a dozen leading physicists and scientists, who the villain intoxicates with cannabis, intending to steal some of their cars. It is noteworthy that in these two cases and in IQ we deal with comedies. Until now, no one has tried to make a serious film about the life of Einstein, such as John Houston’s attempt to make a film “FREUD” with Montgomery Cliff. I suppose it is too difficult to get the world of mathematical equations or secrets of the theory of the electromagnetic field into an exciting dialogue. But only three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer made a BEAUTIFUL MIND. Perhaps no one really tried. <br /> <br /> (* Subsequently, after writing this article, I remembered the successful comedy "YOUNG EINSTEIN" with Yahoo Serious about ten years ago. But this is an exception, and it was a fake.) <br / > Another surprise was the actor playing the great Albert. It was Walter Mattaw, who spent time on the series of films he made with Jack Lemmon in that last decade of their career. Mattau was a very capable and gifted character, both in comedy and drama, but usually his comic characters were variants of his “Whiplash Willie” Gingrich from Fortune Cookies. They were devourers and gonifs. Later, they would have lost their criminal inclinations because we loved them, but they remained grumpy. But his Albert Einstein was really cute. More like your kotch than Willy Clark. <br /> <br /> He plays Albert like the good old Uncle Albert. It seems that Einstein Mattau lives in Princeton with his niece Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan), and she sees a sultry professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repair, and they take it to the car repair shop where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls in love with Ryan, who attracts him - but discovers that he lacks the mental equipment that she admires. Good old Uncle Albert, who is assisted by three of his friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher and Jean Sachs), decide to help Robbins and make him a clearly unrecognized genius of physics. This will open the doors of romance between him and Ryan, provided that Ryan is impressed and Fry does not spoil things (as he hopes to do). <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is sweet, like when Mattau and his buddies tweaked to a super-physical quiz that they help Robins to cheat (by switching positions of their bodies). The plot ultimately leads to blatant lies that the brilliant Robbins built a nuclear missile ship - which is in the interests of the nation in the person of President Eisenhower (Kean Curtis). <br /> <br /> This was a charming comedy, and an interesting moment for Mattau was that he was not as hyperactive as usual, but much more depressed.
