Yes, you read that right, children. Michael Bay had to study this film before making any of his overly bloated, too long, too senseless Transformers films. Robot Jocks is better than both of them, and probably costs less than the Transformers team spent on personal trainer Megan Fox. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this small, robotic stone, originally known mainly as the film that bankrupted Empire Pictures studio of Charles and Albert Bend, seems to have developed a cult over the years. I lovingly remember watching it on VHS during its initial video release in the early 90s, and although some of the policies / stereotypes of the Cold War era were out of date by that time (just the luck of the groups that communism would fall while the film was sitting on the shelf awaiting release, eh?), it's still a damn cool little B-Movie. They really no longer make them so, or, if they do, they take the Bay and CGI route in unbearable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar, here is Robo-scoop: We are you somewhere in the future, and after a nuclear catastrophe large-scale "wars" were outlawed. Disputes between nations are now resolved according to the principle of "mano-a-mano" (or perhaps it should be a "machine-o-machine") by one representative from each side, fighting each other in giant robots in the style of a shogun-warrior. Whatever bot gets away from the fight, the “his” side wins. Gary Graham (who will later play as detective Sykes on the series Alien Nation) plays Achilles, the greatest jock robot on the Market (for example, the good guys). Achilles was unbeatable in his previous nine battles with robots (ten is the maximum number of battles before Jock resigns), and at the beginning of the film he fights with his counterpart from Confederation (i.e. Russians!) - psychotic Alexander (who is the most arrogant "evil Russian" stereotypical bad guy from the time of the notorious turn of Dolph Lundgren as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The match is called a draw, when Alexander at the last minute breaks the rules with the illegal movement of the robot and as a result not only confuses Achilles, but also kills a whole bunch of viewers as a result of the deal. A rematch is scheduled to end the fight, but Achilles just wants to bow, hang his helmet and continue his life. Instead of breaking the rules of the spoiler, revealing much more, I simply say that behind the scenes there are a lot of turns and other difficulties for Achilles and his colleagues at Jox, before the two titan-robots finally collide again in the final. <br /> <br /> I hope that this film does not become a masterpiece of science fiction, because it is not. “Robot Jocks” is just fun. I recognize that this is a slightly higher concept than your regular B-class science fiction film, and although budget constraints sometimes make themselves felt (especially in scenes related to some painfully obvious tricks on the green screen), it is still the best movie ever released at Empire / Full Moon Pictures. The battle scenes of robots are very well made using the methods of the old model “Stop motion / models”, and sets and costumes do not look half invisible. Empire Pictures and director Stewart ("Re-Animator") Gordon definitely shot the stars for this picture. Unfortunately, this is not very good for them (or the studio), but at least we got one damn cool little movie from the deal. Bottom line: if you want to be attacked by hearing and visually for 2+ hours, do not hesitate to shoot the movie “Transformers”. By the end, you will probably feel that you have spent all this time watching someone else playing a video game. If you want to have a good time, be kind to the robot, pick up the Robot Jox.
