“Matador” is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an aging killer who is friends with an American businessman, a happy marriage, a happy marriage (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although the sardonic Julian (ironically called “Noble”) seems to be a “tough guy” on the surface, under him he really is just a mass of neuroses and uncertainty, a man who understands that his chosen profession left him almost alone in the world and without friends Thus, on his birthday, he turns to Danny, a man who has lived his life playing by the rules and who is strangely intrigued by Julian’s “unconventional” way of life. In fact, both men find in each other a person whom they can never be, but would like them to become in their more calm, frank moments of self-esteem. <br /> <br /> Although the film is too reminiscent of “Analysis” This ”and“ Midnight Run ”to feel completely new and original,“ Matador ”nonetheless earns points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of its action. Brosnan, looking old and almost exhausted, absorbs his teeth in the role of Julian as he never did before.Playing a man who by the constitution is not able to establish a serious connection with another person, Brosnan turned over in an instant and became a gentleman responsive. He always keeps us in p to keep the humor never to be rude or stale. Kinner is also great in the role of an ordinary businessman, Joe, who is increasingly drawn to the Dark Side as his relationship with Julian deepens. Danny, who, like her husband, is intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure from a world that is very different from the one she knows. <br /> <br /> Sometimes we feel that the "Matador" is hiding something from us, not quite understanding the depths of their situation and prerequisites. In the end, it seems too easy, too inconsequential to record the impact that should be. This may be due to the fact that this is the debut of the feature film for screenwriter / director Richard Shepard, and he has not had time to slow down the course of his film. Nevertheless, one appreciates the fact that he does not always strive for the obvious and that he focuses on the two main figures in the play, rarely agreeing to a banal attitude or a slight laugh. <br /> <br /> “Matador” is an imperfect, but generally interesting, small comedy, which, hopefully, will be the signal of a new stage in Brosnan’s acting career.
