Robot Jocks tries his best, but in fact it is a series of battle scenes connected to each other: a robot against a robot, a man against a man, a man against a woman. The premise had potential, but it looks like the script was not actually given a couple of additional drafts it needed. However, it was pretty good for a sci-fi action movie. This was partly because the script was written by Joe Holdeman. For those not familiar with this name, Holdemann wrote the award-winning science fiction novel War Forever. He is considered one of the best novels about combat armor with a powerful engine, right there with Robert Heinlein's Star Troops and Robert Stickley's Armor. And this film is really more like a movie about battle armor with gigantic engines, rather than gigantic robots. This is closer to what the fans would like, and not to the parody of Paul Verhoeven's Star Troopers, which had only a passing resemblance to the novel on which it was based. <br /> <br /> Despite some assumptions, this is really not the case. Based on Homer's Iliad. A pair of names is all that they had in common. Achilles, who lost the leg of his robot, had no parallel in the Iliad, which did not include the death of Achilles. Ancient Achilles was not a noble warrior either. He was the most powerful, but also vindictive and petty. Even a robot jock killed in the first scene does not fit. His name was Hercules, while the Greek Iliad would have Hercules. <br /> <br /> The effect was pretty good for time and budget. True, a year later he was not comparable to Terminator 2, but this film was ten times more expensive. The stop was almost as good as the robots in Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi. In fact, better than Ray Harrihausen’s great animation, which is highly valued but extremely outdated. <br /> <br /> Do not put high expectations on it, and you probably will not be disappointed. This is better than many other low-budget films and even some high-budget blockbuster imitators who have better effects, but much worse scenarios.
