The most generous production of Fassbinder sacrifices a bit of his talent for identifying and deconstructing the source of suffering in long mobile takes that somehow act as social shells; here, it is much more open, as the story unfolds in a war-torn Germany at the end of World War II, and the central character is a woman (Hanna Shigulla in the role of Mary) who benefits from the vulnerabilities (both economic and gender) for the catapult climbed the stairs of an outstanding textile corporation. this makes desirable goods, such as lederhosen, available to poor workers (as it once was). Mary and her new husband, Hermann, married during the Allied air raids, are allowed a small honeymoon before being sent to the Russian front. In his absence, her despair is great: she spends most of the days at the station, waiting for his return. When he reportedly died, she suddenly stops mourning and takes a job as a bartender / prostitute in a brothel serving American soldiers. <br /> <br /> When he comes back, things get rather dirty, as circumstances (and his sense of noble self-sacrifice) have conspired to separate them. This message is M.O. Fassbinder. The big text: “Love is colder than death”, but Maria not only struggles with her own sanity and husband unable to love her, but also a country that is in a deep stream without visible light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder makes some kind of statement that post-war Germany is selling for the highest price, but, like in all his films, I tend to block these elements and focus on the unbearable passions that are being demonstrated: Fassbinder is caused by his characters; his actors are permeated by their real connections with Fassbinder. Taken together, his films can be either unbearable or indescribably attractive, often immediately; it is somewhere in the middle, although definitely closer to the latter. Although I didn’t like it, just like Petra von Kant or Katzelmakher's Bitter Tears, Maria Brown certainly has a greater scope, and, moreover, I felt his passion and genuine details of human emotions.
