“Marie Brown's Wedding” (MMB) - about how a German girl (Maria) marries a German soldier (Herman Brown) just at the end of the war. Afternoon and married night, Herman is again sent to the front. To make ends meet, Maria begins working at a bar mainly for American soldiers and meets a black soldier. She was informed that Herman was killed at the front, and things were developing between her and the American soldier. Herman enters them, in bed, and after a collision between him and an American, Mary killed an American. Herman confesses to the murder, goes to prison and Maria vows to wait for him. The country is in ruins; Everyone sees how people leave everything they do for a cigarette. There is a shortage of food. In short, the survival time of the fittest. <br /> <br /> In essence, Mary’s attitude is projected in this film - an attitude that she allows herself in the circumstances mentioned, as a metaphor for the loss of soul in Germany after she lost the war, and how she restores herself. For example, Maria has the following conversation with the merchant (who is played by Fassbinder himself); the peddler is trying to sell her an excellent copy of Kleist, and she notes that "Kleist burns quickly, it does not give enough heat for the cold." The merchant replies: “This is another way to look at it. Right now, this is probably the right way. ” <br /> <br /> Maria meets French / German businessman Karl Oswald after she bargains in a first class compartment. She decides to associate herself with Carl: “You have no affair with me; I have an affair with you. " She also takes responsibility in the company, and after some time has the full confidence of the company. When Karl says: "I guess we just need to wait for a miracle," she replies: "I prefer to work miracles, and then wait for them." In her own words, she became the "Mata Hari Economic Miracle." <br /> <br /> In many films of Fassbinder, he tried to uncover the psychological processes underlying social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words, he liked to direct the camera to bullshit, false social mechanisms, pretense. The direct approach that Maria uses in this film allows you to convey this ideology. For example, she calls Carla, and when he picks up the phone, her request immediately answers: "I need someone to sleep with." As Fassbinder said, "the emotions that people felt did not exist at all and were just a kind of sentimentality that we thought was necessary for the proper functioning of members of society." He also noted that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I especially liked the scene when Karl and Maria meet in a Munich restaurant (apparently, Hitler himself often visits him). Maria is under control, and Karl is a bit off to the side, as if the “cruel honesty” of Mary exhausts him, as if he is no longer fully consistent with the situation. Karl says: "I have to tell myself again and again that I love life." Mary replies: “This is life, isn't it. As if we signed a contract to enjoy life. And then we go to eat and talk about food. ” I suppose that this also concerns Fassbinder's attitude towards relationships, never to completely obey anyone. And why should you, if the main thing in most of his films is “What love becomes in this society? A commodity, an instrument of strength, a weapon. ” <br /> <br /> It was noted that typical for Fassbinder scenes where Maria and Betty walk in expensive dresses around the ruins after the war - with this clothing, in fact, an inappropriate period. I think he wanted to portray that attitude here, when you feel bad, that "you can always get dressed and see how the day looks great." But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any mistakes made in the film can be corrected in the next project. Since he made films (about 4 times a year), like other people rolled cigarettes, it is not surprising that there are very bad scenes in this film. Peter Martheimer, who wrote most of the script, mentioned that Fassbinder probably came up with the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park overnight. <br /> <br /> Hanna Shigulla is as gorgeous as Maria. Basically she just looks straight into the camera. According to Maria, “this is a bad time for emotions. But I like it". <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died from the attack of the hart, Herman finally appears. (Herman went to Australia after he got out of prison to "become a man again.") After the covenant is delivered (laid out to her and Herman in half), Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove when she lights a cigarette. and blow it up and Herman. It's obvious to me that she just did it by chance. At the same time, she must have been shocked when her dreams finally came true. She must have felt as if she was no longer herself. She felt as if she had outlived herself.
