Maria Brown married right in the middle of a fight around her and her husband Herman. To begin with, an explosion broke out in the building, and she and Hermann had to sign papers on a pile of rubble on the street. Perhaps this may seem like some tough metaphor about what should happen: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. This betrothal when the husband goes to war and is held in a Russian prison camp, unbeknownst to the helpless, but hopeful and proud Mary, who continues to stand at the depressing wreckage of the train station, when some come home and others do not, with a sign waiting for Herman. <br /> <br /> Problems arise, as happens in Rainer Werner Fassbinder's melodramas, and, as one of his best and most provocative, we see how Maria (an unusually magnificent Hanna Shigulla in this role) will make a two-faced person: she will stand next to her man, even if it means working in a bar for American soldiers and even after hearing from a fellow soldier that Hermann is dead, she will still be with him while she sleeps with a black GI approaching to carry your child (i.e., naturally , until he appears and kills, and he does not rap, so that she can be safe), or work for a German businessman (effectively sympathetic Ivan Desny) and sometimes become his Hostess and a rising star in the company. Maria will do her best to succeed, but she will always be married. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to say that there is something uninteresting in Mary. Money, sex, power - it all becomes interchangeable for Mary. She looks like a feminist who has a cake and eats it with a sultry smile: she gets her husband more or less (actually much less before the last ten minutes of the film), while getting things - a man who loves her whenever maybe a new and expensive house with servants, a secretary, money that others around her do not receive because they are already with a man or too weak in a position to rise somewhere (for example, the secretary played interestingly enough from his mother Fassbinder. <br /> <br /> Maria - sexy, uve lonely and lonely, with an idealized life that runs counter to the life to be created in the shadows, she speaks of two men — the American soldier and the poor old and sick Oswald — that she loves them, and at the same time will stick to these roses, which an embarrassed and overvalued husband sends from Canada after being released from prison. She creates a profile that a feminist would like to disturb, but understands where she comes from and goes to the end. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder uses this internal contradiction, and the moments with Maria seem to go against the conventions of melodrama (for example, Hermann, marching through the jubilant and half-naked Mary and GI, is almost a masterpiece of the scene, with a reaction Mary is not surprised or guilty, but in pure happiness to see that he is there, not to mention living), his weapon as a director of such an arrogant technique with a plot line that should be predictable. But it is not so. It’s like one big metaphor for a country that, after the war, couldn’t really start a normal life. Several times Fassbinder turned on the sound of the radio in the background, and we see Maria walking around her family home, bustling and bustling around her, and the radio talks about divided Germany, things that are still very unresolved, mess, Maybe the only way to handle this is unnecessary, or maybe this is just my interpretation. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to say, however, in any case, under the gaze and eyes of Shigulla. This truly incredible performance is indeed one of those show shows that capture the charm and charm of a long-standing Hollywood star, while with a dirty ethic of a girl from the street. The most revealing costumes are standoffs that can be seen in one scene, when she finally ends up with her husband, where she acts in one of these super-lustful pieces of black underwear and high heels, and then goes to the dress, without even thinking about this This is almost the essence of what Maria is, and Shigulla is well aware of this, an obstinate but somehow loving figure that people around her adore and confuse, sometimes in the same sentence. This is what Fassbinder captures in his wonderful first part of his “trilogy”; while I might generally prefer Veronica Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Brown is perhaps as good as learning the character from what makes a woman tick and play (almost) nothing to lose.
