One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was, without doubt, German expressionism, an extremely atmospheric style of filmmaking, developed in the 1920s in Berlin. Classic films such as “Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari. (1920) and Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement, and although the movement did not have a long life, its enormous influence on cinema can still be felt today, especially in the horror genre. One of the key figures of this style will be the director Paul Wegener, director "Der Golem, Wie Er in die Welt Kam" of the 1920s, when he debuted as a director, seven years before the creation of this classic, which he had already done Experiments with expressionism in movie. This early prototype of German expressionism was, by the way, another horror film: “Student von Prague”. <br /> <br /> “Student von Prague” (“Student of Prague”) is the story of Baldwin (Paul) Wegener, a student with the reputation of being the best fencer in Prague, but always facing financial problems. One day Balduin rescues the beautiful Countess Margit (Greta Berger) from drowning in the lake after her horse accidentally dropped her. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon he discovers that he will have to compete with her rich cousin, Count von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Kerner), who also wants to marry her. Knowing that he cannot offer her a lot, Baldwin wants to be rich, and it is here that a sorcerer named Scapinelli (John Gott) takes the stage. Scapinelli offers Balduin infinite wealth in exchange for everything he finds in his room. Balduin accepts this offer, only with horror discovering that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Weakly inspired by the story of Edgar Allan Poe “William Wilson” and the classic legend “Faust”, the Story of the “Student Background Prague” was conceived by the German writer Hans Heinz Evers, a horror literature master and one of the first authors to find The script is just as relevant as any other form of literature. “Der Student Von Prag,” written at the time when cinema in Germany was still being developed as an art form, demonstrates a real willingness to use cinema to tell a fully-developed story that goes beyond the trick with a camera or a series of scenes. Like most of the writers of his time, Evers's script is still heavily influenced by the theater, although Der Student Von Prag begins to deviate from this style. Although Eversa lacks character development (especially the characters supporting him), he manages to create an interesting and complex character in the person of Balduin. <br /> <br /> While “Student von Prague” was directed by Paul Wegener. the debut and the second film of Stellan Raya as a director, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what the movie can do when done right. Thanks to the great use of cinematography by Guido Seber, two young cinematographers create a powerful gothic atmosphere that predicts what German cinematographers of the next decade will do. Wegener would have learned many of the techniques that he used in his Golem series, from Seeber and Paradise. Despite the very limited resources, Paradise and Wegener managed to create an amazing and very convincing (for their time) visual effect for scenes with Balduin's reflection (performed by Wegener too). Already an experienced theatrical actor during the creation of this film, Wegener directs the cast with great talent, and also tries to move away from the stage style of previous directors. <br /> <br /> Like Baldwin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best in the film. Of course, it helps that his character is the only one fully developed by the author, but it cannot be denied that Wegener was very good in his role as a poor student who loses more than his mirror image in this contract. John Gotth plays an ominous Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that suits the character like a glove. Little has been said about Scapinelli in the film, but Gottvot makes it clear that he is a force to fear. The rest of the basic composition is less fortunate, with Greta Berger, who is largely average like Countess Margit, and Lothar Kerner, who makes the bad Count von Schwarzenberg. Nevertheless, it should be said that Lida Salmonova was quite good in her expressive character, and Fritz Weidemann made an excellent baron Valdis-Schwarzenberg, demonstrating the virtue that Lorner’s character should have. <br /> <br /> Given the films that were in those years when it was done in other countries, and the fact that his remake (made 13 years after this film) is excellent in every possible relationship, it is not difficult to understand why "Student von Prague" did not stand the test of time, as well as other early films. The main problem of the film, of course, lies in its extremely low budget, as it led to the fact that the film is much shorter than what had to be fully developed in the history of Evers. Because of this, the plot sometimes seems too vague or even incomplete, as if something was missing in the narration (of course, there is a possibility that the existing imprint is really incomplete). Nevertheless, Student von Pragh is a very interesting early attempt at a complex story about horror and suspense in the film, which, although inferior to what other directors were doing at the time, left a strong impression in the story. <br /> As the immediate predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the enormous significance that "Der Student Von Prag" has in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of cinema as a whole. It may look outdated even for its time, but, given the limited resources that its director had, it is really better than most films of that era. Like the film that marked the beginning of Paul Wegener's career, and with this German expressionism, “Der Student Von Prag” should be seen by anyone interested in this part of the history of cinema. 7/10
