1927, and Hollywood has been on the map as the center of the film world for a little more than a decade. Now that it has become the site of a multi-million dollar industry, and a vertically integrated studio system has been created, some of those who lived in the quieter quarters of this film factory found time for a little self-reflection. The latter team, although its heart may be a classic story of a once prestigious person who has fallen into difficult times, in frames that tell a grim look at how cinema unceremoniously recreates reality, and how its production process can be ruthlessly impersonal. It was written by Layos Biro, who was on the stage long enough to know. <br /> <br /> In the spotlight - a man who at the time was one of the most famous immigrants in Hollywood ?? Emile Jennings. Before arriving in the States, Jennings worked mainly as a comedy, being a master of Hammy, but a cheerful and timely performance, often as pompous authority figures or evading old ex. He enters the "Last Team" as the last, and at first it seems that it will be another one of the cartoons of Jannings, full of landscapes. However, as the story progresses, the actor demonstrates his range, demonstrating alternately fragile fragility, serene dignity and, ultimately, tremendous strength and presence in the final. He never ceases to be a violent exaggeration (German acting tradition, not knowing anything subtle), but he constantly keeps our attention with absolute control over every aspect of his work. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, although he who had been around Hollywood a little longer and had no experience in the European film industry. Nevertheless, Joseph von Sternberg raised for himself the image of the artistic and domineering Teutonic Cinema Meister (the “background”, by the way, was invented) and showed a very peculiar approach to the craft. In this picture, his ability to control tempo and tone should be noted. An excellent example is the first of the Russian scenes with memories. We open up with carefully constructed chaos with movement in converging directions, of which we become part when the audience moves away and additional elements appear on the screen. Then, when Jennings arrives, everything calms down. Jennings' productivity is incredibly balanced and measured, and when the players around him begin to reflect this, the effect looks as if his mere presence has restored order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg shows aversion to violence, allowing darker moments behind the scenes, and yet implying that they occurred with a stream of images that is almost poetic. In fact, he really seems to have a complete lack of interest in action. In the scene of the uprising of prisoners, Sternberg takes an alienated and objective position, his camera eventually retreats to the "fly on the wall." Compare this with the following scenes between Jennings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex mixture of images from the point of view and intense close-ups pushing us right into the thick of their interaction. <br /> <br /> As a person on the set, it may seem that Sternberg is a lot like a cold and soulless director played by William Powell on the screen, and in fact Powell's image is probably something of a deliberate parody over which even Sternberg himself could play. Unfortunately, this sharp attitude did not make him an easy person to work with, and in combination with his focus on technical resources over human resources, smaller characteristics in his photographs leave much to be desired. While Jennings reveals classic Hamming in Charles Lawton mode, which works dramatically, it seems that no one told his colleagues that they were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good, gives us a good emotion, but replays it here and there. The only performance that comes close to Jennings is the performance of Powell himself. It is a little strange to see the usually benevolent star of “Thin Man” and “Great Siegfeld” playing a figure as harsh and unhappy as the man Ninochka, but he does his job well, revealing the smoldering emotional tension under a hard heart. <br /> <br /> “The Last Team” could easily stir up a few feathers in the studio’s offices, as is usually the case with any dismissive commentary on the film making process, even with such a relatively hand-made example as this one. At least, I believe that many studio executives would be unhappy with the "behind the scenes" presentation, as it threatened the mystery of filmmaking, which was still very much alive at the moment. As it turned out, such an impact on the picture was the fact that Jennings won the first ever Oscar award for best male role, as well as the nomination “Best Composition” for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the question is a bit vague), the nomination for the best picture. This is important because the Academy was a tiny institution at the time, and the first awards were more than ever the selfless dedication of the Hollywood elite. But elite or not, they recognized the good stuff when they saw it, and were ready to reward it.
