Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first movie filmed by his hero’s own production company (Shintaro Katsu), so perhaps this is why the recording in the series is a bit smaller, although in general it is not at all weak. It tells how our hero stumbled upon two cities, rival bosses and a mysterious ronin helping the poor, and from this production a story spins, including tragedy, violence and considerable interest, all are full of lash of uncertain, but inspired sword playing which is one of a series of trademarks. This is a fairly predictable plot, and it looks amazing, but it combines style and interesting things. For example, a useful ronin is a nobly incomprehensible revolutionary character who disrupts the established order, not being depicted as a really cute or heroic figure, Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes and harms his actions, while the ruling system feeds the exploitation of the poor. It is a harsh world, with one or two more intuitive than expected moments in battle, although things are not as inspiring as they could be. Sintaro Katsu turns into a typical bravura game in the role of Zatoichi, mixing wisdom, deadly skill and worldly skill with a subtlely sad feeling of vulnerability, while solid work also comes from Rentaro Mikuni and the effectively disastrous Ko Nishura (later emerging as the excellent Snake Katsu Magobei in Hanzo's trilogy) as the two main bosses in the film. Yuko Hamada, as an offended woman, also has a good emotional twist. The film loses at a shaky pace and not very well thought out sequence of events, there is at least one slightly sharp time jump, and the plot becomes a little lost, which means that when things heat up, the movie is not 'No matter how exciting The emotional impact is also lost. Director Satsuo Yamamoto handles Zatoichi’s action or scenes well using his ingenious skills, although some of the gambling games are less interesting, and the film develops not truly inspired, but businesslike, without any lively characters or any other installments. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it, it has its drawbacks and it is not one of the best in the series, but it still contains a pleasant dose of entertainment, a good history and a decent dose of the Zatoichi trademark, ingenious and unusual cool. Recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable entry point, cool thing, although not very good.
