This is one of the strangest films of the Zatôichi series due to its very unusual tempo and the role that Iti plays in the film. Interestingly, this was the first Zatoichi film filmed by the new production company Shintaro Katsu. Now, instead of playing a blind swordsman, Katsu is responsible for making films. This can easily explain why this film looks different in style with the previous 15 films. As for the role of Ichi, the film is very different, because it is not in the film, as usual. He is also easily fooled, and in fact for some time he brings a lot of harm to people, but does not help! <br /> <br /> “Zatoiti Royaburi” begins with Ichi's conversation with an old woman who is trying to use her blindness. Oddly enough, in this scene, Ichi says that he has been blind since childhood, although in an earlier film he says that his blindness began when he was 8 years old. This is a small mistake, and only a crazy fan, as I would have noticed. br /> <br /> This film lasts for at least six months and most likely took a year - so you can see what I said about odd stimulation. Most of the films in the series take several days or weeks. Ichi comes to the city where there is a boss (Asagoro), who is trying very hard to be nice to Ichi, because he knows about the reputation of the blind. The boss is quite charming and amazing that Ichi is completely consumed by an evil person. At the same time, he meets another boss (Shushui) - a kind of guru for the poor. Shushuy convinces people to abandon all violence, and even Ichi falls under his teachings - he refuses his blade for several months. Shushui teachings are very similar to Taoist teachings from China - non-violence and the acceptance of life as it is (for good or harm). <br /> <br /> A few months after he left this city and thought that everything was fine, Ichi learned that as soon as he left, Asagoro showed his true colors - the enslavement of women, the oppression of the poor and the complete outlook . In a sense, Ichi is responsible for this, since he helped Asagoro and considered him to be his friend. Now Asagoro has captured Shushui, and several innocent people have committed suicide because of the actions of the evil boss. <br /> <br /> When Ichi returns, he does not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or evil, but he checks him deftly. This bit with a scarecrow is inspired and leads to the final, where, what else, Ichi kills the villains and releases Shushui. This final was very good and occurred in the rain. Then the final scene with Asagoro and the stones is gorgeous, although the decapitation of special effects by current standards is a bit too much. <br /> <br /> The advantages of the film are that, despite the poor tempo, it is different and cannot be mistaken for the previous 15 (which often seem very similar). In addition, it really ends very well. The disadvantages (except for stimulation) are that some may not like to see how Ichi is so wrong, and the scenes with Ichi and other blind people, who are included for comic relief, fall ... very, very, very flat. They are sticky and unfunny ... it's kind of flat.
