Gundam Wing is an amazing show from start to finish, each episode is a joy to watch. The story is typical of the Gundam; in the future, Earth’s population will grow to such an extent that we will create space colonies for expansion. However, the story unfolds in a completely different reality than any other Gundam show. This is the year after the 195 Colony, and the corrupt government of Earth, known as the Alliance of the Earthly Sphere, forcibly seizes free colonies. To resist Alliance control and even greater threat (an evil militarist organization hiding in the Alliance known as OZ, which later takes control of the Earth and colonies), individual members of the colonies send 5 super-powered furs to Earth to try to save the colonies from the threat that will come . These bellows, known as Gundams, fight OZ and try to restore peace in the colonies when OZ goes to the front line, completely destroying the Alliance and seizing control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing, as I’ve previously stated, is probably the most enjoyable Gundam series to look at in my opinion. Much of this reason lies in the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before it, but also the stories are much deeper and more complicated than most of the other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and emotion than any other Gundam show I've ever seen. This particular series seemed to focus more on the character and the relationship between these characters than on the epic space battle. Do not misunderstand me, there are still many epic battles in this series, and the show still maintains the epic atmosphere that other Gundam shows have, but this is achieved because the plot follows the cast of 6 or 7 characters as as opposed to just 1. <br /> <br /> No matter how you look at it, this is truly one of the most unique and enjoyable Gundam TV shows, and I highly recommend it to any anime or phi lover in general. The show demonstrates amazing animation and superb action, but the depth and complexity of the story is what makes you come back again and again. By the end of the show, the characters are so well drawn that you end up loving each one of them. This show is definitely not to be missed. <br /> <br /> Perfect 10/10!
