The matador thinks better, because the moment he is watched, he seems so easy. Humor is always medium sized, never funny, but never annoying. The story is a very simple topic. Characteristics of the plot are often repeated, namely: an unscrupulous bad guy who needs a friend, and dressed in glass glasses is a good guy who needs safety in life, teaming up, learning from each other and in some way complement each other's lifestyle. I also believe that bullfighting, parallel to the story, is not needed, since this is just a cruel thing and symbolism is hardly strong enough to carry itself. However, this is a really good film, because although it seemed so thin and ineffectual at the time, it is not. It has a subtle way to connect with the audience. <br /> <br /> I suppose the reason why it slowly but surely gives the audience something to take with them is because, although it is a formula that is not something new Even most of the humor, both protagonists, actually the only characters in it, are somehow met and known. Forget to call them real. This is not what I mean. I mean, although Pierce Brosnan’s dirty, feminine, drunk bounty hunter is a detached comedic character, he is firmly caught by the writer and definitely by Brosnan, who insistently reports how much he enjoys his breath of fresh air of James Bond. The character of Greg Kinner seems to be exactly the same in his detachment, but he gave some very unexpected footnotes that for a moment, because of the lightheadedness of the film, pass by us, but then hit us only a moment later. Then we understand that the film is not just “Analyze it” or “Airplanes, trains and cars”, said again and again. It really says something. <br /> <br /> The climax of the film is a kind of thriller with turns. But with his ease, how can this be the focus of the film, although the plot leads to it? No, the focus is on the fact that Brosnan and Kinnear lose because of their incredible relationships with each other. Strange, “Matador” is a film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and regret every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is so lenient and agrees with Brosnan, who constantly interrupts his life, it is gradually understood that Brosnan saves Kinner from a more mundane version of his own feeling as a means of redemption. The very last scene of the film remains with me. This, I think, is where the subtle effect of escaping the film finally begins to leak.
