Gundam Wing Mobile Suit is the fourth series in the ongoing Gundam Chronicle. Unlike previous entries, which were devoted to mass wars, this one is slightly different; instead of the “army versus army” situation, five adolescent boys (due to their ability to mix more readily than ordinary adults) and their cars, called “gundams” because of the metal alloy used in their construction, run this. This leads to problems, since the gandams must be destroyed, replaced by "mobile suits", which are manned less destructive weapon platforms, and "dolls" that are operated on by A.I. and used as grumbling infantry. <br /> <br /> The whole point of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an edge over most of the Anime that breaks through here. Moreover, most of the anime is adapted from popular magazines such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, which are all from Shonen Jump, which is now available in America. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing Mobile Suits by itself, apart from most anime, in the fact that instead of excessive battles between mortals that more resemble gods, Gundam is very humanistic and seems to revel in the fact that he dramatic, not melodramatic, and the events seem to unfold in the series gracefully. Usually in anime there are more than a few TV shows that think that the best way to make a “small” battle is to take half an hour — something that would never happen in real life. The Gundam stands on top of this, making sure everyone knows that the characters will die, the machines will be destroyed and restored, the battles will be lost and won, and it never seems that it makes the actions satirical themselves. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Gundam Wing is in the details, and what’s on this series would be to have more anime. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or bloated martial arts, Gundam Wing is an uncompromising science fiction from a country that hates tough science fiction. (NOTE. The author would like to state that the Evangelion of Neon Genesis is not a science fiction work based on real events because of the religious plot that is the core of his series). They love Star Wars, but they hate A.I. (film). From now on, why was Gundam Wing, and Gundam SeeD is now preparing to release for both Japan and the United States simultaneously with two voice commands. The American audience only needs to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season in order to catch duplicate or subtitled versions or even edited SeeD episodes that are being broadcast on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The emotion is that these two sides that are waging the war are technically behind. Heroes are those who defend the rights of more affluent and aristocratic citizens of the Earth from a group of terrorists striving for victory at any price, of which the heroes of the Gundam Wing mobile suit are made. This is not a war, it is a "total war." Every person, every building, every street is the target for attack, both on Earth and beyond. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and the reason she didn’t get a score of ten points, is that at about three, after a quarter of the way, he just stops for a few episodes, and no one seems to is changing. It seems like a real flashback, which is good because it shows about the characters, but at the same time delays what should be maturing between Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the mobile game Gundam Wing overloaded with a cartoon network (as far back as 2001-2003): the film “The Endless Waltz” more than compensates for the failure.
