A team of archaeologists reveals the real treasure ?? Crown of Queen Sheba. From Egypt, the crown must be delivered by boat to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy journey. There are many potential thieves who would like to get into their hands the priceless jewels contained in the crown. Fortunately for all participants, Mr. Moto is ready to guard the crown on his way. However, this does not mean that someone will not try to get the treasure. <br /> <br /> After the disappointment in the game "Mr. Moto" I went to the "Mr. Moto rest" in the hope of the best. but admittedly fearing the worst. But in the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew it would be more enjoyable. I am inclined to the mystery of the style of the 30s, which is related to the archaeological excavations in Egypt. And after seeing Moto disguised as a German archeologist (imagine that Peter Lorre is playing in German?), The first scenes really attracted me. Although the film could quickly move to the less exotic San Francisco, it was just as enjoyable. Dark, sinister characters lurk on a rainy night; shooting from open windows that almost get into the hero's head; sophisticated and perceived reliable alarm systems that simply implore someone to test them; and the master of criminals is considered dead ?? Elements of this kind can be found in the many really good secrets of the 1930s that I love. And Mr. Moto takes a vacation, they have everything. A couple of other bonuses for me included always pleasant Lionel Atville in a cute little role, comic relief from G.P. Huntly, this is really fun, and getting back in shape for Mr. Moto. I have already mentioned his disguise in the first scenes of the film, well, and sports Moto comes out next to the film finale. Moto is like a whirling dervish stalking a prey. All this, and I did not even mention the wonderful presentation of Lorre. Anyway, Mr. Moto takes a vacation - a winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I would like for Mr. Moto’s series to end after this game, it’s clear that when you think about it, World War II was not far off. And after Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero would not go very well. At least the Mr. Moto ended on a very positive note.
