Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) - the killer. Or "assistant victims", as he prefers to be called. He is also drunk, a womanizer and in the middle of a midlife crisis. At work in Mexico City, he encounters Danny White (Greg Kinnear), a self-confident businessman who thinks he has just nailed a recent filing, but is not sure. One evening they meet in a hotel bar after both of them had too many margaritas. <br /> <br /> It looks like it was like a comedy thriller, isn't it? ? But it is not. Instead, Matador is a fun and sometimes touching exploration of character. He avoids every turn that the above summary offers, sometimes even setting them up just to gladly destroy them. This is a film that respects its characters enough to allow them to continue with it, without feeling the need to push them into unnecessary conspiracies. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's hired killer will inevitably be compared to his Bond, but this is unfair to both speeches. Bond is a half-formed idea, a product of everything that has been done before; while Julian is a fully formed character with his own motives and shortcomings. He existed for so long in his gloomy, battered world that he forgot how to talk to another person. <br /> <br /> When he meets Danny in a hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a normal guy. with normal work and normal problems. He envies Danny; the assassin is fed up with his life, he sees that he is more and more approaching his inevitable “burning out”, as he put it. But when Danny talks about the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. This is a person who, in his own words, "runs away from any emotions." Kinnear sticks to Brosnan’s opposite performance and introduces Danny White with his natural charm of everyone. He is the perfect foil for Julian; while the latter is drunk bravado and hedonism, Danny is lowered to the ground with a hint of eccentricity. But he also goes deeper than his reputable personality, showing us how far a person goes when faced with financial and family collapse. <br /> <br /> Real chemistry exists between Brosnan and Kinnear. This is most noticeable in the three key scenes of the film: in the hotel bar; the bullfight, during which Julian tells Danny that he makes a living, and leads him through the dress rehearsal of the murder; and the scene in which Julian appears in Danny's house six months later. This scene also introduces us to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how much Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis) instead of panicking about the presence of an assassin in her house, he simply asks with complacency, “Did you bring your gun?” The script is not as good as might be after maybe another rewriting. One or two lines seem a bit forced, and a couple of jokes need a little more work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) are just talking, the writing is excellent. In the film, there is no need to place the characters in some outlandish situations (except meeting with the killer, and said that the killer appeared at your doorstep). He simply lets them talk, gently pushing them to the necessary points of the plot. <br /> <br /> There is an action, but only when it affects the characters. One remarkable case was when Julian ruined his work in Budapest, because he continues to see himself through the scope. The rest of the movie is about characters, how they interact, how they influence each other. And, ultimately, it is about friendship, even in the most unexpected places. At some point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And he really means it.
