Rate this movie is very difficult. As an entertaining value for 21st century audiences, it fails. However, for students of early sound films and history, this is a gem. The show was filmed as a revue to compete with the successful MGM Hollywood Revue of 1929, which is still safe and sound along with its Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The purpose of the stellar review was to demonstrate the silent stars of a particular studio as speakers, and show that they could make the transition. However, Warner Bros. seems to have forgotten about this and they hire a lot of actors and stars that they haven’t even had in a long-term contract, such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lilly and even the orchestra. Meanwhile, their greatest talent, Al Jolson, is noticeably absent. Even with a high salary, he cannot be forced to join. Almost every act is too long, and the film plays like a dozen or so Vitafon shorts, strung together without continuity. The finale is also too long, but it is really pleasant with all its dance numbers. <br /> <br /> Highlights of the film - two issues by Vinni Lightner - Pingo Pongo and Sing in the Bath pair of numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore performing Shakespeare, and Chinese fantasy Li Po Li with Nick Lucas and the Peace Loi. This last issue is the only part of the film that has been preserved in Technicolor, and it is really quite attractive. It is reasonable enough that the players in these good actions were longtime stars of Warner Bros., so perhaps the director knew how to play their strengths, since he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This film acts as a snapshot of a strange moment in the history of cinema - 1929, which was the bridge between two eras - the epoch of silence and sound, the turbulent 20s and the Great Depression. Just two years later, the same film would have had a completely different cast, as Warner Bros. would abandon their silent stars of the era and the stars they hired simply to produce early musicals in favor of those stars who gave Warner Bros. I feel its characteristic urban look and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondel, Edward Robinson and others.
