Matador is a strange film. His main character Julian, whom Brosnan played with an unusual combination of charm and imbalance, is not your typical hero. Julian is a hired killer in mid-life crisis. Having spent 22 years in the cold-blooded murder profession, he now feels depressed and desperately lonely. And so, after a chance meeting with Danny (Greg Kinnear) in a bar, he clings and starts an awkward, awkward friendship. Danny, the typical nice guy, deals with some things in his life and, to be honest, could also use a friend. The two create an unexpected connection, and Danny is left to hear the story of Julian, even after he learns the "dubious" truth about the work of Julian. <br /> <br /> Matador approaches an object not quite unheard of in a movie, a killer hero (films like “The Murderers” and “Grosse Pointe Blank” come to mind). But the Matador is different in several key aspects. First of all, it means murder and bloodshed, but they are never shown in detail, which means that if you are an adrenaline-seeking action movie fan, this film will probably disappoint you. And secondly, unlike the majority of films about heroes, the Matador does not try to show repentance and redemption of his main character. Julian's work is simply presented as "this is what it is." This is unusual, given that 99.99% of us consider killing for money as terrible. And yet, this unorthodox approach may make the film feel genuine. Although we don’t want to admit it, almost everything can become mundane after we have done it long enough, maybe even murder. Did Julian's victims deserve to die? Who pays for killing people? Who knows. The film never addresses these issues. The focus is on Julian and his stumbling into true friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in a newspaper, you will have a fleeting thought that people like him should be pulled out of society like cancer, but you will be forced to watch his life and you will be attracted by his tense humanity . I think sympathy for the devil. <br /> <br /> Brosnan takes Julian well and deeply worries. He does not completely separate himself from his attractive appearance of James Bond and the smoothed charm, but simply adds unpleasant vagaries to the mix. Strange or rude remarks in the middle of polite conversations and sudden transitions from courteous charm to children's tantrums and sad desperate pleas about acceptance. It makes you guess his understanding of his sanity and how it will affect others. It's a bit like listening to a pianist, who from time to time unexpectedly hits the wrong note while playing, but it works. In the films, only another major role, the role of Danny, is not so meaty. Kinnear turns into a solid, though not impressive, performance as an ordinary Joe with ordinary life and Joe's problems. <br /> <br /> There are no special shocks or turns of M Night Shyamalan in the film, but I could not guess the ending, and it was nice. He has no deep philosophical or spiritual ideas, and yet he felt very human. And there were no blows of the car or fighting with the weapon in it, and yet I thought that it was well done, and I was never bored. Perhaps the only real message here is that a person needs to reach out and make connections with each other, and that these needs do not have moral prerequisites. Even a murderer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. This is a comment about the strange, random world in which we live. Good film; worth seeing.
