Sherman, installed a reverse drive for ... 1986. The United States was just emerging from its worst post-war recession, while Japan was experiencing an unprecedented industrial boom. The manufacturing industry continued to make up a large part of the US economy, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American." The word "abbreviation" is not yet included in the general dictionary, but everyone knew this phenomenon. On the radio, we heard Bruce sing: “Foreman says that these works are going, boy, and they will not return to your hometown.” Chrysler has just bailed out Uncle Sam. On the bumper stickers one could say: “Buy an American - the work that you save can be your own”. <br /> <br /> “Goong Ho” captures the mood of the American workforce better than anyone else. another popular film made during that period. Of course, the film has its drawbacks - some loose plot threads and the mediocre acting work of all but Michael Keaton and Gedda Watanabe. But the story is actually about the meeting of East and West: Keaton's hunt for Stevenson personifies America, daring and confident from the outside, but unsure below. Kazuhiro from Watanabe personifies Japan, which is at the top of a heap of a successful system, but wonders if there is something that you can learn from their Western competitors. The plot of the film, no matter how imperfect it may be, simply creates the basis for conflict and, ultimately, the synthesis of their two personalities. <br /> <br /> Keaton’s actions overshadow everyone else and practically make the film on its own. I have always admired Keaton for his ability to give out lines that are felt improvised, no matter what scenario he performs. His hero, Hunt Stevenson, is a pleasant, affable person, a natural leader with a wise series. But he has a fatal flaw peculiar to many of us: he does not want to disappoint anyone. He will distract the crowd with inspirational jokes and even lie, and not point to the ugly truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is a mirror image of Stevenson: shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese upbringing. It is reluctant to be the bearer of bad news. The scene in which Stevenson arrives in Kazuhiro for the first time with employee complaints perfectly reflects the Japanese approach to workplace conflict. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson’s complaints: “I understand what you are saying,” but he will not refuse his requests aloud. Stephenson misinterprets this as an agreement and leaves, saying, "Well, we agreed." (This is still a problem in Japanese-American business relations in the 21st century!) <br /> <br /> Ultimately, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: to ensure the smooth operation of the plant, to achieve production goals and fulfill their duties to the workers under them. While working to achieve this goal, each of them should take a page from the book of others. The Kazuhiro family, which is becoming increasingly “Americanized,” is an obvious example. Also note that Stevenson thinks it is strange when Kazuhiro explains how he had to publicly apologize to his employees for letting them down — and yet, later in the film, Stevenson does just that. <br /> <br /> The plot and its resolution is a small ball, but hey, this is a comedy. If you can not notice the shortcomings of the film, there is a great story about self-realization and open-mindedness.
