Many people neglect that this is not just a classic because it is the first 3D game or even the first shooter. It is also one of the first stealth games, one of the only (and definitely the first) truly claustrophobic games, and overall it's a pretty good gaming experience. With graphics that are terribly outdated today, the game translates you into the role of B.J. (don't even think *, I'm going to try to write his last name!), American P.O. hit the underground bunker. You fight and make your way through the tunnels to achieve different goals in six episodes (but, let's face it, most of them are just an excuse to hand you a weapon, surround you with Nazis and send you to spend one of the Nazi leaders). The graphics, as I said, are quite outdated and very simple. The least detailed of virtually any 3D game released by a professional team of creators. However, if you can overcome this (and some assume that this simplicity only adds to the effect the game has on you), then you have a damn good shooter / meanness game. The game consists of finding keys, health and ammunition, destroying enemies (the aforementioned Nazis and the “boss enemy” in each chapter) of varying difficulty (which, of course, grow as you progress in the game), opening doors and looking for secret rooms. After each level there is a bonus bonus ... it depends on how fast you were (mainly if you exceeded the “nominal time”, that is, the time it took the tester to go through the same level; it can be quite fun to try and win, and also because of how difficult levels are for you, they even challenge after many passages), how much Nazi gold (treasure) you collected and how many bad guys you killed. Basically, if you get 100% of any of the above, you get a bonus to help you achieve your desired ranking. A game (mostly, but not always) allows for two completely different methods of playing ... imperceptibly or shooting everything you see. You can either run or go, and among your weapons there is also a knife ... Running is heard immediately, as soon as you enter the same room as the guard, like shots. Many guards stand with their backs turned to you, which means that you can approach them and strike them ... almost silently. In your inventory you can get at least four types of weapons and two keys ... more about weapons later. Keys open certain doors. Most of the doors in the game are not locked ... the keys need only two types, and these keys are entered only at later levels (you restart levels, drop weapons, health, points and lives in each chapter). Most of the later games spent searching for them. Now, as I just mentioned, this game, like many other periods (late 80s, early 90s), is based on collecting extra lives ... I personally think that it is completely and completely useless (since then it was dropped the end ... I think (?), starting with the next 3D shooter and beyond), as you can save at any time and the “use of life” drops weapons, health and ammunition as if you started a new chapter (which is a real pain at later levels, where you * need * heavy artillery). Now I will beat around the bush no longer ... turning to arms! You start with the aforementioned knife (which is quiet, but only close is effective) and a pistol ... nothing special, but good for storing bullets, unlike the next two bad guys. Your third weapon is the German SMG ... machine gun. It is faster and automatically, and some later enemies use it. And the last ... nothing but a Gatling pistol! Oh yeah! Think T2. Think Predator. Consider unloading huge amounts of lead into the Nazi fiends using such weapons. It is as interesting as it sounds. However, most boss enemies use this, so be prepared. I will not reveal the identity of these enemies of the boss, however ... it is for each player to discover (or her) himself. The sound is excellent ... very clear and realistic. When you hear machine gun tears, a deafening metal clang of a door slamming behind you, a Nazi cry, surprised or warning in German, you really feel that you are there, trapped in these dark and depressing bunker systems. It fits me perfectly for level design ... when you run along countless, almost identical corridors to the next elevator that leads you further, you are in a claustrophobic mood. I almost had many seasickness (although this can also be associated with a little sleep, high humidity and unusual heat ...) from the game. Although the level of detail is not very high, what is there is great. The remains of the victims, the guards and countless Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also has some blood ... because its limited graphics engine, John Romero and his team, of course, put all the blood and power that could be used for the game. What else is there to say ... the first of its kind, and it is not surprising that it gave rise to countless other 3D shooters. Of course, the swaying of weapons and different levels of height (steps and the like) did not appear until the next entry into the genre ... Doom ... and it was in Duke Nukem 3D that the mode switching function was introduced (and so on) except just left and right, adding vertical dimensions to it, and the jumps did not appear until a third, later title appeared (first Quake, maybe? Playmates, help me here) ... but all these games, like other genres, owe their existence to this. So load Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and go to the shoes of B.J. ... he deserves recognition even (or, maybe, even especially?) After nearly fifteen years after his appearance. I recommended this to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
