Eric Stolz copes well with the role of Joel Garcia, a successful young novelist, paralyzed and taken to a special hospital for people with disabilities after a neck fracture in an accident. While learning to cope and adapt to the seriousness of his new limited physical condition, Joel befriended a deft, fast, charming womanizer Raymond (amazing Wesley Snipes) and a boorish, unkind, racist biker Blossom (amazing William Forsythe) who feels threatened by a diverse, multi-ethnic With many supportive patients, he has to live in one room. Joel also receives significant support from his faithful and loving, but married girlfriend Anna (radiantly played by Helen Hunt). But he still has to accept the fact that he himself is disabled. <br /> <br /> The key triumph of this remarkable film is its commendable stubborn refusal to either sanitize or sentimentize the seriousness of what these people are experiencing. Directors Neil Jimenez (who also wrote a thoughtful and insightful script) and Michael Steinberg tell a story with exceptional taste, wit and warmth, especially disarming frankness and practicality about how disability irrevocably changes lifestyle, including your sex life in particular (this moment is most convincingly made in a striking sequence when Joel and Anna try and cannot make love in a motel room). In addition to the expected wit, the film also provides an amazing surplus of ominously funny rude, earthy humor that is underlined by a noisy sequence with Joel and Blossom making a secret night expedition to the strip club. A uniformly excellent acting game qualifies as another significant plus: Stolz, Snipes, Forsyth and Hunt are all outstanding, with outstanding supporting turns of Grace Zabriski as adoring, amiable Bloss's mother and Elizabeth Penn and William Allen Young as merciful nurses. Despite the dark themes, the film ultimately turns out to be very exciting, positive and inspiring cinematic evidence of the amazing strength and perseverance of the human spirit. Just a wonderful little drama gem.
