At first glance, this film looks like Keifer Sutherland’s series 24 for the big screen. By focusing on a plot to assassinate the President of the United States, a time trial and a large number of secret service agents, the agency is in the center of attention at Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the main character turns in his place will be the character of Michael Douglas Pete Garrison, a veteran of the secret service, famous for taking a bullet for Reagan in 1981. SS agents are specially trained to take bullets, which makes them special — who in the right mind will put itself in the line of bullets and targets? But the garrison is involved in a conspiracy to kill, and he has to flee for his life, while at the same time investigating the plot. All this because of his failure in the lie detector test, because of his adulterous knocking with the first lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> In the line of fire there are shades of Clint Eastwood. They included both aging actors and an aging veteran - heroes with a historical past who took a bullet on their business trips. While Eastwood's film has a more mysterious villain in John Malkovich, Sentinel suffered from a lack of a central strong villain, preferring to share responsibility for the murder among many unforgettable former KGB villains and birthmarks in the president’s details. With Douglas running away from the law, he becomes like Dr. Richard Kimble from The Fugitive, hunting the notorious one-armed man, while relying on his mind to outwit other agents, which turned out to be quite interesting to watch - despite the slippery processes, it is yet it boils down to the performance and credulity of individual agents. <br /> <br /> Kiefer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, today's top 24 television stars and Desperate Housewives, are assigned to support roles as Secret Service investigators who study Harrison’s likely involvement in a murder plot and sometimes seem to jump from CSI pages with their forensic skills. The lovely couple had chemistry that could have reminded Fox X. Mulder and Dana Scully's “X-Files,” but, alas, these two could do little here. We know the reason why they are shot in the film, namely, to get their fans in cinemas. In addition, the role of Longoria, seemed to be unable to shake off her sexy mother Gabrielle, and here she is in pretty blouses of low cut (Sutherland actually tells her to get dressed) and tight pants (holiday looking for other agents). <br /> <br /> However, this is still a rather interesting outlook on life, perhaps the world's most intense and stressful defense detail, as well as the typical threats they face daily, including tracking the threats of each of them. the most powerful person in the world. This is a worthy adventure and investigative thriller with enough scenes to entertain you. But one thing, like most of the final sequences of actions, this one has a large enough loophole so that you can fly through a giant jet plane.
