Summary of Charles McDougall includes staged episodes of "Sex and the City", "Desperate Housewives", "Strange People", "Big Love", "Office", etc., therefore he comes with full authority to make a television version The film Roman Meg Volitzer SURRENDER, DOROTHY success. And for the most part he manages to preserve this potentially sad story about the sudden death of a loved one and how people in her life react afloat. <br /> <br /> Sarah (Alexa Davalos) - a beautiful unmarried girl woman accompanies her best friends - the playful playwright Adam (Tom Everett Scott), the current squeeze of Adam Shaun (Chris Pine) and the married couple Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with their young son - to a house in the Hamptons for a summer holiday. The group looks fun until Adam and Sarah’s trip to the local ice cream leads to a car crash, as a result of which Sarah will die. Meanwhile, Sarah's mother Nathalie Swedelow (Diane Keaton), who leads an active social life, but compulsively calls her daughter here constantly with a mutual greeting, “Surrender, Dorothy”, plays it in another place: when she receives a phone call that Sarah has died, she immediately comes to the Hamptons, where her domineering personality and grief create friction among Sarah's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie reveals secrets about each of them, succeeds in talking about Sarah, as if it would revive her. Natalie’s desire for truth at any cost leads to major changes in the group, and it is only thanks to the deceiving love of the deceased Sarah that they all end up together. <br /> <br /> Diana Keaton in her roles copes best. This walk takes place between drama and comedy, and its presence brings history together. There are moments in the script for good lines, but there is also a lot of filler in it, which becomes a bit heavy and gloomy, which makes the actors clearly uncomfortable with the lines they are given. Yes, this story has been told many times - the effect of sudden death on the lives of those whose privacy changes from disclosing information - but the film moves along with the actors and has enough genuine entertainment to be worth seeing. Grady harp
