The author of Necromancy, the second feature film by Jörg Buttgereit, Der Todesking, is a powerful masterpiece. The film, centered on a chain letter originating from the “Brotherhood of the 7th day” group, shows 7 episodes, each of which consists of one day for one week, when different characters and situations approach suicide during the whole time There is a letter. these are rounds. Do not touch this if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy happy or even remotely “normal” films or expect the film to be good only if it is focused on the stage play. <br /> <br /> Der Todesking’s nihilistic, avant-garde approach explains well why Buttgereit films were banned altogether in Germany, their home country, during the 80s and most of the 90s. Der Todesking does not actually focus on the characters appearing on the screen, but on meaningless apathy or depression, which are mostly in people's lives. Buttgereit finds no reason to continue living, there are only reasons for stopping, and when choosing how and when you die, you can also be the king of death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit movies are usually difficult to categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. Showing the same film crew and almost the same cast as in all his other films, the “feature film” is likely to be the closest description every time. Der Todesking has an original method of shooting, creating a mood and processing the central object in almost every scene. During one scene, the camera slowly, continuously rotates in a circle 360 ​​degrees, while the person lives in a small one-room apartment during the day. At the time of the other, Buttgereit uses the distortion of sound and film to portray a collapsing mental state of a person while he is in despair. During the third, the screen shows the seemingly pleasant names of scenes, ages and professions of real people who committed suicide, ostensibly justifying the prohibition in Germany for this particular film. <br /> <br /> Episodic films (and this is especially First, since the scenes are weakly interconnected) tend to suffer from inconsistency, and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes have the same direction of death and its consequences or subsequences in all its variations, there are very powerful episodes, but one or two episodes may even seem like filler, partly draining the overall power of the film - however, amazing, incredibly powerful interference, depicting a decaying body, contribute to the preservation of the film and its purification from more vague moments to a state of grandeur. The general atmosphere is confusing, awe-inspiring, very depressing, and sometimes even disgusting - so much that dozens of people stayed in the middle of a film during a theater show at a film festival in which I took part. <br /> <br /> This is one film that leaves a lasting impression, and I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a special experience and something that they will definitely remember in the coming years. Not recommended for faint-hearted fans or show-show fans, this is a small, different film that really evokes feelings among viewers. Whether it is confusion, amazement or even hatred, you are unlikely to be satisfied with this, in my opinion, the best achievement of this small indie team. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the film, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer part I-III" was released in a limited edition of 666 copies in 8-inch vinyl, which is now very popular. You can still get a classic masterpiece by purchasing a CD with "The Nekromantik" soundtrack, which I Highly recommend. Synthesizing Lo-Fi music in the film is dark and bizarre, almost like an awkwardness, an essential part of the film's atmosphere, and this is something that you very, very rarely hear otherwise. Highly recommended!
