“As the first touch of pleasure and guilt, as a spontaneous youthful flirtation of charm and fear, as the culmination of opposing emotions,” said one of the movie lovers after watching “LOVE TOP”, the misinterpreted title version of the stylish director Michel Deville “LE”. APPROVAL OF MUTON. <br /> <br /> Vincent Canby in The New York Times, however, immediately after the premiere of the 1974 film, said: “LOVE ON TOP, which opened yesterday on 68th Street, is a French comedy of 1973, vaguely reminiscent of Number of English comedies of the 1950s about the rise and prosperity of cynical young people who have and are obsessed with ambition. " Nevertheless, the essential difference that he mentioned was the fact that "Love is at the top" is not related to the English class system ... (January 27, 1975) <br /> <br /> Leaving the ratings for individual Persons, Of course, the test of time has done its job. What can be said with confidence after more than 30 years is the fact that we can hardly find films such as LE MOUTON ENRAGE, where the decline looks innocent, where the connections are manifested with youthful enthusiasm, where the feelings are manifested so manipulatively. <br /> <br /> For Romy Schneider fans, it seems useless to point out that this film is a must-see, not only because it gives a unique presentation (as she did in all her roles) during the heyday of her career (for 9 years before her sudden death), and therefore she is especially attractive here. This is not TRIO-INFERNAL, where, so to speak, “forced escape” and mockery of Romy's sweet way, persecuted for many years by saccharine Sissi, meets his most discouraging manifestation, but the film, where a brilliant actress is given a decent role. She plays Robert, a woman who becomes the object of desire for the main role in the story, playboy Nicholas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). It is he who makes financial gains from lustful connections. This film boasts truly memorable and unique frames of Romy, and she is given some of her best scenes. Romy’s sex appeal is unforgettable. <br /> <br /> Another strength of the film is the execution of content with the development of individual perception. Immoral, as it may seem, the director perfectly uses the contrast: conditional versus pleasure, innocence versus decadence, genuine thirst versus instrumental work. Nikola has most of the features that viewers can love or hate, can seem attractive or disgusting; Nevertheless, these are the features that viewers should take seriously, and, moreover, they should be taken by all of us. That is why a person finds himself in a peculiar, slightly wild, erotically unique world of the main character. Although he sleeps with a lot of women, there are two women who represent a kind of opposite worlds for Nicola: Robert Growth (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, makes love to them, cannot resist both the desire to have their bodies and the desire for money; however, he perceives them differently. Nevertheless, despite all this “adult maturity”, he is emotionally similar to a little boy who plays with a toy car on the table - a kind of “detailed understanding of the male mind ...” in a comedic spirit, of course. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are very good indicators, which makes LE MOUTON ENRAGE a bit undervalued. Not only does the aforementioned Romy Schneider do a brilliant job, giving viewers extraordinary insight into her roles, but also young Jane Birkin seems convincing in the role of young, inexperienced street artist Marie Paul, Jean-Louis Trintignan gives you the opportunity to see Nicolas in the right way. This artistic merit lies in the amazing music of Camille Saint-Saens, melodies that will sound for a long time. Therefore, in addition to some of the drawbacks of the film, such as outdated colors, slow action (sometimes), possible cliches (noticed by some viewers), the merits should be found significant. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE is, in general, a clear manifestation of opposing manipulative tools in life. It is worth seeing as a moment in Romy's career, a prelude to strong eroticism, a chain of opposing emotions, love and hate, appreciation and disgust compared to the first orgasm and the first angasm ... But aren't we, the people "spectators", movie lovers are built on such contrasts?
