I can't say too much about California, because, unfortunately, I still have to see all this (I could only see it in parts on Fuse.) But what I saw is absolutely amazing! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I admit that not all of his early films are good. But this role, I just, his acting is gorgeous, his character Early seems so normal, well, creepy, dark, strange, but I think, you know, normal for this type. And the performance of Juliet Lewis, although I see how some may be annoyed by this, I think this is amazing. Unfortunately, I still do not see the end, but from reading other reviews here it sounds good, but disappointing. I have to admit that I would like David Dukhovian's words (sorry if the spelling was written incorrectly) were a bit flat, but everything was in order for him. The character of his wife was better, and I thought her performance, although not the best in the film, was quite good, a portrait of the avant-garde / older sister. Especially the scene where Early and Brian go play billiards, and Adele and Carrie meet one on one. I watched this scene at least twice, and still think that the acting is great in it. One because of the emotions that Adele portrays after talking about how these three guys raped them, and about how she feels about Early and Kerry's reaction to this. Everything in it, I think, is just perfect. I mean, maybe it's because I can talk a little, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays the serial killer, which we will really see this time; I thought he was great. Some of the Pitt films I saw were just plain or not worth watching. I don’t think I’ve ever seen Pitt’s horrible movie or, if I have, it’s not because of its action, it’s other factors. This film was not one of them. He had a great performance in California. I swear, I'm not just some random, I like him for what he plays, not only because he looks good, I mean that his character in this film is not quite cute or cute in any way! Pitt is dark, thoughtful and downright scary. And yet he is cheerful, cheerful, sweet, and even loving Adele. Of course, there are some places that made me want to reach out through the TV and strangle him, but that’s probably just me (and the Pitt character played in the film). But it also shows how good Pitt’s game was in this film, it made me forget that he played a character, that's what a good acting game should do. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I would like to say more, but this is all I can say without seeing the end, I saw most of the film through what I caught on the fuse and how I write this I am recording this on a DVR, so I hope I can write a more complete review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on the film, which, in my opinion, was something really cool and something that seems to have been overlooked (this should not be!)
