I saw “California” before (probably about 10 years ago), and I still remember how she impressed me. That's why I wanted to see him again, and all I can say is that he still has not lost his power, although I got used to films a lot more than ten years ago. <Br /> <br /> "California" tells the story of the writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of stepping onto the plain and flying straight to the state, where, as they say, it never rains, they decide to travel by car. He wants to write a book about America's most famous serial killers, and she will take the appropriate pictures. But because they used a huge amount of gas in their car, they decided to take another pair with them so that they could share the cost of the trip. Only one pair responded to the addition, so they will automatically become lucky. But they had not yet met, and when they first saw another couple, when their journey had already begun, Carrie was shocked. Not wanting to be biased, she can only conclude that Early Gray and Adel Corners are bad white trash in a trailer park. She definitely does not want them in his car, but Brian does not mind taking them with him and decides to stop anyway and pick them up. At first it seems that the couple is not so bad, but gradually Early Grace turns from a trashy ruthless killer into a ruthless killer ... <br /> <br /> Not only is the story impressive, but also acting from our four leads. Brad Pitt is incredible like Early Grace. His performance in this film may well be his best. The same for Juliette Lewis. She plays a childish and naive friend who does not want to hear bad words about her early and does it very well. But David Duchovny and Michel Forbes are also surprised. They both did a great job, and I wonder why we haven't heard anything from Forbes since this movie, because she really has a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very powerful history, but due to graphic violence I can imagine that this may not be to everyone’s taste (although I really don’t see any other way portray the serial killer in a believable way) Personally, I really liked this film, and the violence never bothered me (this is part of a story that is too important to ignore). I award this movie 8/10.
