In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another film that was not so popular among critics because of its excessive violence, but which I also loved, California is a film that clearly embellishes violence, but I like to think that in the final act. Kind of like “Basketball diaries” at first embellish drugs, but by the end of the film they show a bad side, which is much worse than good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistic yuppie girl who enjoys this brutal, sexy black-and-white photo, usually meant for, I don't know where, the places where nudity goes for art. Maybe this is true, and I just do not understand it. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who are perfectly suited to the role), make up the perfect couple to go on a documentary tour of famous murder sites. Brian, a writer, will write a book, Carrie can take pictures. <br /> <br /> Brian and Carrie, being artists, are not financially prepared enough for such a trip, so they posted an ad for someone sharing their gas and travel expenses, and Early Grace and Adel Corners get in touch with them (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). He is early on parole and is scheduled to be cleaned at a local university by his parole officer, sees an ad on a bulletin board, and decides to leave the state for a while, violating his parole, but also leaving the place where his landlord was murdered so he doesn't have to deal with a nasty murder investigation. You know, two birds with one stone. <br /> <br /> The film has a curious ability to portray two stereotypes: artsy Japs and a dirty trailer, without resorting to cliches and not even ending cartoons of any type. , Brian and Carrie are cunning liberals, but as long as Carrie clings to Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by the status of the Early as a criminal, as seen on the scene where Brian fires an Early pistol. Never before firing a pistol, he is fascinated like a little kid. While Adele and Carrie returned to the hotel, and Adele reveals such things childishly, like the fact that Early “broke her” smoking and that she shouldn’t drink (Early ones don’t think women should), Early and Brian in local bar. Brian nervously reacts to a drunk trying to start a fight with him, and Early first gives advice to Brian what to do, and then he enters and prepares a quick lesson for the guy. "Hit him, Bree, he goes." This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it's so funny that Ren happily says when the boyfriend's friends drag him, bloodied and beaten, and also because since it intersects with the girls in the hotel, we learn so much just about two pairs at once, their differences and conflicts that may arise because of them. And besides, since Brian benefited from Early's actions, and Carrie is shocked by what she hears from Adel, this also illustrates another way Kerry and Brian react to Early and Adel. <br /> <br /> Obviously, by now, you can say that this is not your typical thriller with an odd pair, when city dwellers encounter villagers, and this is followed by all sorts of stereotypical chaos. On the one hand, it seems a little too convenient for Brian and Carrie to tour the murder sites and simply be accompanied by a real killer, but on the other hand, this is a great way to counteract the glorification of the murder, which is inherent in a cross-country trip designed to bring glory murderers and their crimes. Studying the actions of past killers, Brian and Carrie end up face-to-face with the material they are studying, and they realize that a murder is not as beautiful or painful when it is in front of you, as through isolated homicide studies. past. <br /> <br /> I am constantly amazed at the universality of Brad Pitt as an actor. Consider, for example, his roles in films such as California, The 12 Monkeys, Fight Club, and Ocean 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks in that he can radically change his appearance or just , to match this character, and quite plausibly, By the way, I tried in vain to be an Early Grace for Halloween this year, but I just could not get the right hairstyle and beard. I even understood the hat correctly, that initially I thought it would be the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It’s easy to understand why many people didn’t like California or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think everything that he glorifies is done to explain to the audience how he understands his subject. A film that did not glorify violence, at least initially, could never be as effective as in California, but the film perfectly structures it. Glorification is all embodied in the passion of Brian and Carrie for the idea of ​​killing and the auras of the places where it happened, but their realization, and ours, is embodied in the real thing that they encounter with Early and Adel. The very purpose of the film is to describe this difference between the idealization of violence and its horror.
