Although I’m grateful for this obscure gem of the Italian cinema features of the 70s of operation in the recently released Grindhouse Experience set, and although it is also available on disc under the deceptive and stupid alternative title Escape from Death Row, I honestly think that it deserves a full-fledged and luxurious DVD publication, completely in its original languages ​​with subtitle options (dubbing is really terrible), restored image quality and many special bonuses! Heck, I don’t even need the restored image quality and bonus features if we could watch a movie in the original language. “Sneaky Frank and Crazy Tony” is a fast-paced mafia / crime film with a lot of violence, comedy (which, admittedly, doesn't always work), female beauty and two witty protagonists. Tony Lo Bianco is amazing as a little thug who claims to be the biggest Don city. When the real criminal Lord Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in the city, he sees an opportunity to climb the stairs, offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little crook, but ultimately they form an unlikely team, when the whole criminal empire of Frankie rises against him, and the new French criminal mastermind even kills Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison, and together they head to Marseille to get revenge on Frankie. The scenario of this sadly forgotten crime stone is ridiculously changing tough actions and expectations with frivolous pieces of comedy, such as a grotesque car chasing along narrow French mountain roads. The build-up towards the typical mafia episodes of execution (guided by the excellent score of Reese Ortolani) is extremely tense, and the actual killings are sadistic and merciless, so the film is probably considered something of a classic game. The film does not have a strong female role, since the sweet and surprisingly voluptuous beauty Edwig Fenech, unfortunately, only appears in several scenes, and then still in the background. Among the men behind the camera, responsible for great cinematography, was no less than Joe D'Amato. An excellent film, it is highly recommended to lovers of Italian exploitation, and I hope to see it again soon in the original version.
