I had never heard of Leos Carax before his Merde segment in recent years in Tokyo, and it was easy to pick out three stories from the film. It was not my favorite shorts, but it was the most unique and most iconic. “Lovers on the Bridge” were his first full-length films, which I saw, a virtuoso romantic film, in which the image and music are used to convey the tumultuous youthful love that flows into the poetic. Although it is classified as neon fashion, his films owe as much to a silent movie as to experimental stories from the 60s. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in L'atlante, Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddine, than to Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In the debut of “The Boy Meets the Girl Carax” in 1984, he uses black and white and heavy confidence on a visual representation to display emotional states. It unites Maddin's exaggerated worlds, but is based on a reality that never seems stable enough like Cocteau, but thanks to its expressions it becomes more accessible, emotional and attractive like Vigo films. <br /> <br /> The story “The Boy Meets the Girl” is simple, and is similar to the next two films of Karax that make up this trilogy “Young Lovers”. A boy named Alex, played by Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in the next two films of Karax), had just been thrown by his girlfriend, who fell in love with his best friend. In the first scene, he almost kills his friend on the sidewalk, but stops before he gets killed. He walks around, reminding her of the sounds of her neighbors, having sex, and the dreams that his girlfriend and best friend become close. He steals records for her and leaves them in his friend's apartment, but avoids direct contact with any of them. He wanders around and finds his way to a party, where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the film becomes part of Breathless and part of Limelight. <br /> <br /> Later, he is advised by an old man with sign language in order to "speak for himself ... young people today, as if they forgot how to speak." The old man tells a joke about work during the time of a silent film and about how an actor, shy behind the scenes, became a confident “lion” in front of the camera. This is where the film shows its hand, but a frank mention of a silent film is a critical scene, as it overlaps the film’s style (silent and expressionistic) with content (a young man in love trying to have the courage to say and do what he really wants). Although Alex is thoughtful at first, and the flow of romantic words is breaking free from him, he is a shy actor who becomes a lion because of an increase in his inner feelings with movies that are not easy to pin from moment to moment, apart from the desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> In the film, there is a scene where Alex leaves the party in a room where the guests hid their children and babies, everyone cries in the chorus, which fills this room until he turns on the recording of the children's show, silencing them . Suddenly, due to a crash, the TV ends up playing a secret chamber in the bathroom, which shows the hostess crying in a wig about someone she misses. Even though Carax is self-reflective and self-deprecating due to the fact that he is trying to talk about his fearful life in adulthood (a room full of whining babies), he is old enough to see through the initial irony to be in love with everything that film crosses. Even the old rich bell has a brother that she misses. In another scene, a former astronaut looks at the moon, on which he once walked in his youth, sipping a cocktail in silence. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that he owes films before talking, Carax is a master of music, knowing when to sing in “Leave of the Dead Kennedy” in Cambodia, or in David Bowie’s early song, in the sounds of a man playing on the piano, or gently singing girl. <br /> <br /> In “Boy Meets Girl”, when someone gets their heart broken, we see blood pouring from their shirt, when a couple kisses on the sidewalk, they rotate 360 ​​degrees, as if they are tied to the carousel, when Alex enters the party, feels out of place, because the most interesting people in the world really are in attendance; as a famous author who cannot speak because of a bullet stuck in his brain, or Miss Universe of 1950, standing directly opposite the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Pierre Janue, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic flourishes and fanciful stories about whim have a parallel with the various visual, musical and emotional remarks in these Carax films. <br /> <br /> Each line of dialogue, each piece of music, each effect and editing in this film resonated with me on some emotional level, and some lack words to formulate them. There are many stories about a boy meeting a girl, but instead of simply exploring the banal details of any particular event, this film reflects the ecstatic truth of teenage passion and frustration. Other movies you want to watch can wait. Look first. If I made films, I would like them to be like that, in fact, I would like all films to be like that when the ephemeral becomes more life, and life itself becomes a dream.
