WWE Armageddon, December 17, 2006 - Live from the Richmond Coliseum, Richmond, VA. <br /> <br /> Kane vs. MVP in an inferno match: so this is the fourth hell match in WWE history, and this is Kane vs. MVP (I wonder why this was the first match on the map). I only looked at the last parts, where Kane sets fire to the MVP ass, when they are on the apron, and then MVP runs around the arena, screaming ?? the judges finally put out the fire with a fire extinguisher when the MVP sprawled around the entrance ramp. Fun and visually quite spectacular finale. 7/10 WWE Tag Team Championship: It was originally assumed that this was William Regal and Dave Taylor vs. Brian Kendrick and Paul London (s) in a regular team match. Nevertheless, grandmaster Teddy Long enters the ring and announces that it will be a fatal 4th road match in the team competition. MNM and The Hardys are added, and this is all chaos. One word to describe this revelation ?? Wow. Dude, I really can't remember how many painful places there were in this match, and the words can't do it right. There was one particularly prominent place where The Hardys set the ladder in a swing position, and Jeff jumped off the top rope while Matt held the MNM for the kill and then WHAM! Nitro was blown away, while Mercury had apparently spoiled him and was bleeding like hell, with cuts on his face. He needed to be picked up, and Nitro continued the match alone. Another place was when Jeff bombed London, bouncing off the stairs. There were other breathtaking places too much to remember. London is finally unbuttoning its belts to win this rave theft show. 8.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> “Boogeyman” versus “Meese”: two men are thrown into the ring and around it, until the Boogeyman blows up a sitting power bomb to win, and then, as usual, puts worms in his mouth “ Miz, 5.5 / 10 for this three-minute incognito. <br /> <br /> US Championship: Chris Benoit (c) meets Chavo Guerrero in another typical Guerrero match. Some of the good spots included a superplex from the top of the rope from Chavo and an unusually long chain of German suites from Benoit. Vicki Guerrero comes to the ring with a belt to pin Benoit, but Benoit frightens her and decides for a long time whether to put her in a sniper or not. This allows Chavo to go for convolution, but Benoit turned it again, and Chavo locked himself in the Sniper. Game over. Good hard battle, although sometimes slow. 7/10 <br /> <br /> WWE Heavyweight Championship: Gregory Helms (c) vs. Jimmy Van Young for this match at a fairly moderate pace. Did the match have some good flying spots ?? first of all is helms' coming off the top rope ?? but the crowd did not seem to be interested in this after witnessing a contest on the stairs, and Ian should get more in the air. Helms won the match after sweeping Yang off his face on his knee. 7.5 / 10 Undertaker vs. Mr. Kennedy in the match of the last trip: after a series of matches between the two, this time it is the match of the last trip, the second of its kind and the winner must lead his opponent from the arena to the hearse . Pretty good for what these two could offer. Kennedy struggled with Tucker and even freed himself from choking to throw Tucker off the Armageddon set about 15 feet below; and thank God for Kennedy, otherwise it would be cruel. Kennedy almost triumphed until Tucker returned to the hearse (I liked the camera view inside the hearse). Then Tucker missed a squall of steel pipe at Kennedy and instead broke the window of the hearse, but then later broke up Kennedy with a chair, and then followed choklaslam and tombstone on the roof of the hearse. Kennedy was unconscious, and Tucker kicked him out of the arena to win. I was really interested in the willingness of these guys to take / take really sick pictures. 7.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> Santa enters the ring, I'm going "what the hell?" like many of the children in the crowd, and then the word "underwear contest" falls into my ear. Break time. <br /> <br /> Batista and John Cena vs. Finlay and King Booker: talk about charisma and technicality. This match was actually a pretty good main event with a dynamic impulse switching from one team to another and maintaining good expectations. Even Finlay did legitimate good blows to his opponents this time (I doubted his strength against the champions a bit), and he and Booker were basically unable to deceive ?? except for one moment when Booker rammed his scepter into the throat of the Seine. Batista bombing Booker for the victory, did not see the F-U; In any case, Sena performed a 5-fist turn, and I think he also did STFU. It was probably the best technical match of the night, and the participants were really good at what they could do without the 7.5 / 10 ladder. <br /> <br /> As a regular WWE fan, I have to agree that Armageddon was riddled with a multitude of attractive ones everywhere, and the match on the stairs eventually swallowed up half the show; In the match "The Last Trip" there were several pretty nervous places, and the main event is also very good for its category. All other matches also met their requirements, with the possible exception of Boogeyman vs. Fight. The Miz and the forever useless underwear contest. Overall, Armageddon was very pleasant pay-per-view, and despite some big setbacks in the early chronology of PPV, Armageddon wishes to meet you this year with respect. Rating PPV: 8/10.
