Over the past few months, WWE has produced the worst pay-per-view in its history. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were terrible, to say the least, and so they relied on their B brand show, Smackdown! try to end the year on a high note. Armageddon had two main matches with tricks in the last trip and Inferno matches, three championships were on the line and an interesting main event in the form of a team war involving Batista and John Sina against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of those Championship matches, which brought us not only the match of the night, but also the match of the candidate of the year, when Teddy Long gave us an early Christmas gift to the fans. T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team Championship match with Champions, London and Kendrick vs. Regal and Taylor to match four Team Ladders, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I will not dwell on this too much, because nothing that I can say could not do it right. This must be seen to be believed. There were many high points and many cruel blows and awkward landings. However, one move I have to talk about is the one that brought Joey Mercury directly to the emergency room in the middle of the competition. Jeff Hardy jumped onto a ladder that was set in the saw position with Matt Hardy holding both MNM members over the opposite end of it to take full force. Unfortunately for Mercury, he did not raise his hands to protect his face, and put all his strength into his nose and left eye. It was vicious. His face immediately became erratic for everyone, and it is not surprising that it ended the night of Mercury early. Later we learned that he had a broken nose and cuts under his left eye. Keep in mind. This is not for the faint of heart. The end of this roller coaster in the match came after Paul London managed to grab both Championship belts to win. I have been watching wrestling for almost 15 years, and it’s not getting any better than this match. Incredible. <br /> <br /> The night opened only with the 4th match of Inferno. Kane took part in the MVP in a good match, but it was all about the visual, not the action. There were some close fire challenges for both competitors, but in the end it was Kane who forced the MVP to fire after they both ended up outside the ring. MVP ran around the ring while his butt was on fire, and some sick part of me was laughing, watching it. May I suggest to Michael Hayes that MVP will be released next week on Smackdown! on the Johnny Cash Ring of Fire. <br /> <br /> Another catchy gimmick of the evening and the second fight in the triple main event was the match of the last trip for the whole war between Kennedy and the Undertaker. It was a tough match from start to finish, and he was the best of the Undertaker and Kennedy series. At the used pillars, chairs and one scene, the Undertaker was cast 15 feet from Armageddon onto a concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was clear that this is nothing more than a rug, and the crowd did not fall for it. The ending came after the “Dead Man” walked around Kennedy on top of the catafal, after which the tombstone that triumphed in the match followed. <br /> <br /> In other notable events from the map. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero, posing as another tense match. It was a very good match with Benoit, who simultaneously knocked out 8 German sulexes on Chavo. Benoit also considered whether to put Vicki Guerrero in a sniper or not. Fortunately, he came to his senses and let her go. This led to Chavo trying to roll the roll only to be canceled in a sniper for submission. <br /> <br /> Another terrific match on the map was the fight in the Heavyweight Championship between WWE’s longest reigning champion Gregory Helms. and Jimmy Wang Yang. Showing a lot of high flying and dangerous places, some of which took place outside the ring, it was a match much more worthy of a crowd response than the one he received. JBL put it best when he scolded fans in Richmond, Virginia, for having them in their arms, and at some point even started boring singing. Helms picked up the duke after maneuvering the jaw knee type with Smackdowns! goon resident. <br /> <br /> The Boogeyman secured The Miz in a negligible match. I hate The Boogeyman with passion. One has only to listen to JBL nonsense about Miz. JBL - comedic gold. <br /> <br /> The last match of the evening was the main event number 3. World heavyweight champion, Batista and WWE champion John Cena teamed up to play in Finlay and champion champion, King Booker. There was no way the match could lead the Tag Team Championship match from the very beginning, but it was entertaining nonetheless. The match would be more memorable if he was given an additional five to ten minutes, but how many times have I already spoken about the WWE matches this year. It was King Booker, who was pinned at the end of the match after a big batistabomb. <br /> <br /> So, the year 2006 for WWE has come to an end regarding pay-per-view schedule The year began on a terrible note with the New Year revolution, but ended on a high with Armageddon. This fight in the stairs will be remembered for a long time as one of the greatest fights of all time. I take my hat off to all eight participants, but their bodies are on the line to give the fans one hell of a match.
