What happens when the average Joe learns that he has supernatural powers? The premise may sound familiar. Watchmen? Unbreakable? Nevertheless, the Russian sci-fi thriller "The Sword Bearer" is far from the standard action. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a man named Sasha, who in childhood was shunned by society, his peers and family because of the supernatural power he possesses. When he wants or his anger allows, the sword comes out of his hand, piercing his own skin. Very wolverine? Maybe ... but this is not the most interesting part of this movie. Avoiding all his life and driven by anger (and the character that he has), our “hero” returns to his hometown to change his life or find the cause. The only thing he encounters here is a problem when meeting a new guy with an old flame leaves him bloodied on the ground. This is where revenge and anger come into play. This is a person you do not want to cross, and from that moment the mafia and the police find themselves on his tail. He meets a girl and immediately falls in love, like her, and this is really what the film is about. <br /> <br /> The film is very impressionistic, with bright colors and a noir wrap, with short but extreme episodes. This is an art house in its essence, beautifully shot with such attention to detail in every scene during a terrible sci-fi action. This is a strange mixture that interests me so much in this film. The director's approach to this genre is refreshing, focusing on Sasha's emotional journey, and not on the direct action movie. Do not worry, there is action and there is a lot of it. However, many of these sequences only show alleged violence with images of dire consequences. This does not mean that the action is not shown. These scenes here are fantastic (especially the finale, where we see Sasha’s full power, revealed in despair). The director prefers to imply violence in many scenes in order to focus on the emotional struggle of the character at hand. This is a tragic love story and a refreshing entrance to the genre.
