OK. I admit. I'm one of those nerds who spent many, many hours with my favorite DVD player and my wonderful TV watching science fiction TV shows. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first space date, and since then I regularly change partners. It seems I have seen them all, and my favorites are Lexx, Farscape and the new Battlestar Galactica, in other words: the newest, most modern space operas. But I also have a common fascination with old-fashioned, cheap ones, such as the magnificent four seasoned BBC shows "Blakes7". Here budgets are smaller than those of hobbits, special effects seem to be made on the Commodore 64, but who cares when scenarios are sharp and intellectually written with somber humor, the acting dead are serious and sometimes even upscale? > <br /> But why do they always speak English in the cosmic future? Because this is NOT the future, this is a fantasy for children. However, it can be annoying from time to time. I, as a Norwegian, often cursed this horrifying fact that no one ever does genre series, such as science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought that this could happen. But, in fact, once, even in my homeland, in Norway. I was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (television cinema) of our national public channel Nrk released this three-part version Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). <br /> <br /> When I first heard about this, I was not surprised by the fact that until today the show was shown only once in Norway, which did not allow me to see it. At one time, it was also broadcast on Swedish, Danish and Finnish television, but that was a long time ago. It was neither a video nor a DVD released, and it was not a surprise, and when it was shown at the art house cinema, it happened in Bergen, a city far from Oslo (where I live). And one more fact about Blindpassasjer that did not surprise me, that it was written by two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duet mainly introduced the SciFi genre to the Norwegians in the seventies; they published collections and wrote what they called fabulous prose. In my opinion, Bringsvard is the most interesting of the two writers, he wrote several wonderful and entertaining novels, even masterpieces, some of which were ridiculous, such as Bazar and Sivsoversken Distro Frokost. No one except this guy, also a famous playwright, could create the “Blindpassasjer” script. <br /> <br /> When I finally managed to watch it, it happened because a strange Swede recorded three episodes on a VCR in the 80s, eventually managed to convert it to DVD and give it to me. He was a good guy. So I sat down and watched it with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scratches and bugs; but this thing came, and I was surprised that in the end I loved her. <br /> <br /> Exterior scenes with spaceships and planets are better than Blakes7, and merit in Caprino studios (which the famous Grand Prix Flåklypa did), and the interior of Marco Polo (the spaceship) works better than I expected. The action is usually theatrical, but it works better than when they play Ibsen, to put it mildly, and Björn Flaubert firmly fulfills its role, as does Trini Lund. Legendary actress Henny Ston sets out her lines in a serious and calm tone that fits the genre, but this is an ensemble piece, and I am pleased to report that Ola B. Johannesen wears her mustache with nobility, and Marit Ostby is really hot chic of my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it that good? Well, you need to swallow a rather harsh ending, an ambitious criticism of “modern society”, but yes, well, in fact, this is not quite fantastic, but charming, cool, nostalgic and pleasant. An hour and a half of the classic Norwegian SciFi.
