Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a wonderful little thriller that also explores the life of “strangers”, people who live on the periphery of our vision, who struggle with the need to “fit in”. Director Jacques Audiar and his co-author Tonino Benacchist created a tense, intense, completely interesting little thriller that makes some significant statements about unusual people and their distress. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuel Devos) is a simple Jane, mostly deaf, thirty with something unnoticed by the secretary of the company, whose life is connected with social and sexual isolation, and his outlook on the future is rather bleak. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel) a recently released former parole who responds to an ad to be Carla's assistant. At the first meeting there is a mutual physical disgust: Karla hoped for a well-groomed, noble man who could fulfill her fantasies, and Paul was a rude, untidy and sloppy guy who was not impressed that he was a clerk. Their concepts change rather quickly when Paul saves Carla's work by fulfilling her request to steal a letter that would have cost her her work, and Paul discovered Carla's lip-reading ability, which he sees as a way to spy on criminals from his past who threaten his life for debt. So this weird couple team unites efforts and together enters into a dangerous ploy filled with uncertainty in order to gain Paul’s safety and freedom. Relationships are full of twists and turns in anticipation of each of these unlikely characters playing roles in their lives that wonderfully fill the gaps in their isolation walls. <br /> <br /> Devos and Kassel perform with bravura and the rest of the cast is uniformly strong. Once again, Alexander Dospres created a musical score that heightens tensions, and the cinematographer Mathieu Vadepied finds all the right lighting and angles to suggest the worlds of character isolation, as well as the Hitchcock's sense of obscurity. Director Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is both sensitive and transformative for history: it shows us the difference between “hearing” the world with and without hearing aids and makes some powerful social comments. This is a wonderful film that remains in the ranks of the best French film noir. Featured. Grady harp
