Over the years, Pixar has achieved tremendous success with the full-length CGI animated films they have created. "A Bug's Life" was the second of a number of functions that they had done before this, before the debut of the feature film of the company, the innovative Toy Story, which was the first full-length CGI film in history. I remember when this sequel was widely advertised during its release in the late 1990s, but I never saw it until November 2006. I watched it twice this month, and three years later I saw it for the third time. It never impressed me as much as, probably, any other Pixar movie I've ever seen, but after three views I still think that it is better than some of the movies I saw in DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is home to an ant colony. These ants are forced to gather food for the gang of grasshoppers, who come and take it every year. One of the members of this colony is Flick, an inventor with a bad reputation, causing problems with his inventions, although he did not want to do that. One day, when the colony had just finished preparing an annual offer, Flick accidentally throws it into the stream just before the grasshoppers arrive to get it! The grasshopper leader Hopper decides to give them a second chance to collect food and cook it by the end of the season, but they will have to double the offer! Flick invites the royal council of the colony to go and find "warrior beetles" to fight the grasshoppers when they return. Princess Atta, the future queen, allows him to go on this mission only so that he is not around to cause problems while the colony tries to collect food for another offering. The inventor finds a group of beetles, which, in his opinion, are warriors, but after he takes them to Ant Island and presents them, he learns that they are not really warriors, but circus beetles! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second feature of Pixar never surprised me was perhaps the characters. In my opinion, none of them ever stood out as much as they could, and in general seemed a bit boring. Fortunately, however, it does not look like “Shark Tale”, a film with a very idiotic and unattractive lead character. “The Life of the Beetle” has a rather pleasant main character, for which the audience can be ill. At times, the story also seems somewhat boring, but for the most part it is good enough to keep the film at least moderately interesting, and sometimes in good anticipation, especially later. Humor, like some other aspects of the film, is not as good as it could be, but there are definitely funny moments, some of which are related to Francis, the ladybird, which is sometimes mistaken for a woman. You can always expect great animation from Pixar, and the animation in this particular effort is no exception. Anything this movie has to offer may seem a little disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but this is a reasonable family entertainment.
