When for the first time in a long time I watched “The Life of a Beetle,” I could not help but see a comparison with last year’s “Happy Feet”. As for the storyline, they are very similar: the outcast does everything in his power, and also tries to be special. It simply shows how much better this film could have been without the conclusion of a liberal diatribe. Many people disagree with me when I say that I really like Pixar's sophomores. Of course, he cannot capture the magnificence of Toy Story, just like the animation from this world. However, the story is top notch, and the characters have a wonderful time. With a lot of laughter and moral focus, I could watch this movie in the same way as other studio classics. <br /> <br /> There are many ways to find strength from within to overcome all odds here. Between our lead Flick, who needs to maintain self-esteem to save his colony, colonies that need to open their eyes to a new way of life in the future, and circus beetles, who discovered that they are more than just incompetent freaks, everything develops for better error the end of the story. Even the villain Hopper is completely right and dangerous for the right reasons. He does not do this to be evil, but instead understands the fact that ants outnumber him in numbers from 100 to 1. He needs them to be afraid of him in order not to worry that they will find out the truth. This is a very large circle of life, but not one that cannot develop with age. <br /> <br /> If you think about animation, it’s actually pretty good. Compared to Antz, the rival film of the time, this is much more realistic and less caricatured. Water turns out well, like foliage. You do not need to look much further than the eyes of the ants to see how many parts went into production. Reflections and humidity, despite the smooth appearance, demonstrate realism. All errors are also accurately processed. Flies in the city and a crazy mix of creatures recruited to save ants are never saved, be it a small role or a more expanded one. Also in the city we see craftsmanship in the environment. Although Ant Island is good, it's just outside. Bug City contains a lot of garbage, doubling both buildings and clubs. This is a wonderful display of humor and ingenuity to see what animators used for everything. From ice trays in the form of circus stands, boxes of animal crackers in the form of a circus van with full nutritional guidelines on the side and a crazy selection of boxes for creating billboards and facades in Times Square, everything is done right. /> <br /> With regard to humor, you must pay tribute to acting talent for the excellent delivery and inspirational choice of roles. No one could make a male ladybird better than Dennis Leary with his sharp mind. I dare you to think about someone better. Our hosts are also great: Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, and also the always fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the film, but also takes center stage in the jesters during the credits. Yes, A Bug's Life was the creator of Pixar animated pictures, a tradition that continues. With a lot of mocking jokes related to bugs, you also have to support reckless cast. Full of “those guys are actors”, these are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and the late Joe Runft in the role of Heimlich, the worm that causes the biggest laugh. <br /> <br /> In general, this may be the simplest story brought to show Pixar, one that has been told in one form or another many times over the years, but it is inspired and fresh enough to give a pleasant impression. . There are joyous moments, sad times and even action scenes with the unknown with birds that join in the fun. Complete with a couple of my favorite Pixar characters, Tuck and Roll, I can say that there are not too many bad things.
