I recently watched a lot of Tom Hanks films and old Chaplin films and even some of the early Bob Rowan Atkinson performances, and it seems that they all have their own unique charm that permeates all their work, something that allows them to identify with The audience of all ages, so that you feel good. Bug's life has the same charm, it has a connection with real life, which allows us to easily suspend disbelief and accept a lot of talking insects, because, although they say, they still DO, like real mistakes. This is similar to the fact that the team that made the film found a way to make us think about the child and allow us to think the same way they did, to imagine mistakes, as the young mind does. <br /> <br /> Honey, I squeezed "Children" was one of my favorite films when I was younger, and for me "Beetle Life" looks like a more realistic version of this movie, if only because the animation is so exciting and this style of storytelling simply opens up so many more narrative possibilities. I try not to compare it with something like “Toy Story” (which I still consider to be the best computer animated film), because the story of “Beetles” is not as good as “Toy Story”, but, again, almost nothing does not mean. The important thing is that this is still great fun. <br /> <br /> This story concerns a colony of industrious beetles, which has an impressively developed society, mostly focused on harvesting food, most of which go to despotic grasshoppers, far superior in strength and general meanness and, I hope, all still leave enough for mistakes to survive the winter. Some visits to grasshoppers are considering us, which make it clear that if the beetles give an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be dire. And by the way, the similarities between this horrific level of food extraction are strikingly similar to the vicious coercion of Mao Zedong to food from his own people during the “Great Leap Forward”? <br /> <br /> Fun and excitement begin when the main character Flick sets out to search for a gang of warrior warriors to return and help defend the colony from grasshoppers. You see, he shed all the accumulated food and put everyone in great danger, so he feels that this is his responsibility, but he inadvertently ends up hiring a struggling group of circus insects. Great for onlookers, not so great for clan security. <br /> <br /> The film was released in the late 90s, when, it seemed, there were so many films in twos as “Armageddon” and “Deep Strike”, “Independence Day and Arrival”, “The Life of a Beetle” , Antz, etc. Comparisons between A Bug's Life and Antz are inevitable, although it seems to me that A Bug's Life is definitely the best film, and not only because Woody Allen doesn’t play in it stuttering and cheering starring. This is great family fun!
