(Initially, the answer to the reviewer of the film, who said that The Beetle’s Life was too big, too fast — he was “stunned and exhausted” by the visual effects and seemed to completely ignore the story) <br /> <br /> First, I am 26 years old, I have a job, I go to school and I have a fiancé. ” So maybe I’m losing my mind and just very well know how to hide it ... but not only did I not get out of A Bug's Life exhausted or stunned, only when I saw it the second time, I could even begin to really Appreciate the skill and humor of the spectacular visual effects - because when I first watched this movie, I was so carried away by the story and characters that I forgot that I had to sit there, being “amazed” by each frame visually. How can you not sympathize with Flick and his life with good intentions? Actually, damn it, I found myself identifying myself with this little ant (not to mention some other mistakes) in far more ways than one ... and this in itself tells me more about how incredible it is a movie than a whole book about her beautiful eye candy. Of course, it is beautiful (every blade of grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read lips! Try it!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a blinding explosion of movement and color. No, “The Life of a Beetle” would be static if it were all, but not history. But I am glad to say that it is not so! Zhukov has a real heart. Yes, a lot is happening, both along the storyline and visually, but this is because the story and the characters really have some depth! The fact that this is a children's film does not mean that you have to turn off your brain at the entrance to the theater - children are smarter than you think! In addition, I think the PIXAR team did it for themselves, even before their children ... and it shows in the shower. This film is touching, touching, funny, intriguing and generally exciting. Character development in such an ensemble cast is surprising, it shows a significant character growth, and not only the main character - so rare in animation and often in the cinema as a whole. He doesn’t hit you on the head with his dots as soon as he made them - every scene, every frame has a reason in the storyline to be there, and there are no free pictures. It is not always clear to express with words what is happening, for me guys, it is very subtle; this means that you should not “blunt” your film and believe that the audience is stupid, and this is basically not the case. All I can think of is that if you can see the Life of the Beetle and not feel anything at all, it means that you never made a big mistake, did not hurt your friends, did not fall in love, did not fall in love, were not disappointed that no one will listen you lied to someone you care about, felt out of place in society, got excited about a new idea, came up with a great idea, had what you thought was a great idea, had unpleasant consequences, one moment was awkward and confident the next you feeling ali pressure of responsibility, stood up for themselves and their families, was left alone with the crowd, I felt like a failure, felt a great success, felt the need to change their lives for the lives of others ... well, you get the idea. Final words: rating A + from me; please, if you are going to see it, try to watch it in the cinema (video panning and scanning is NOT suitable for this film); if you loved Toy Story, then you most likely will like it (PIXAR knows how to make movies with a heart); if you like it, look at it several times, or you STILL do not know what you are missing (the number of details and subtleties are significant here); and when you feel very low, just pretend it's a seed, okay?
