Although I do not think it was an ideal 10, I agree that it was above 6, as here. No, Brokedown Palace was not perfect, and yes, its plot has been made many times before. This does not mean that it should not be done again, if everything is done well, and I think that this film had some strong points. Claire Danes' play, as mentioned many times before, was flawless, as was Kate Beckinsell, and I think Bill Pullman was absolutely amazing, as were the auxiliary performances (Pullman's wife, a crooked cop, to skip or stumble or what his name is). The cinematography was also beautifully filmed, there was a lot of good in this film, even if there were some negatives (three main ones that I found). <br /> <br /> This is what I didn’t like - the friendship between the girls - In fact, the individual personalities of the girls were not developed to the depths of the middle of the picture. It would have been incredible to lose interest before this, because, despite the positive moments, earlier character development had to be done earlier, and some scenes, such as when girls were initially arrested, were almost embellished, so there was a lot of jump. around without the development of character and scene, I think it would be appropriate for this type of film. This, however, is not my main problem. AND WARNING-SPOILER. A WARNING. <br /> <br /> The end, as already mentioned dozens of times, was AWFUL. It was terrible in two ways. First, even if it was predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful ending, but in a film like this, there is a feeling that justice will be restored, and I really watched it to see it. I was genuinely shocked by the final, and all the participants performed it with great skill, but I feel that both girls had to go out or, except for this, at least the policeman had to get what he had to do. I mean, with bad guys, nothing happens, they get away with it. Very anxious. <br /> <br /> I also don’t understand the ambiguity of the ending. I understand the endings that inspire me to think, but it was not a movie like “riddle” or “Hint” that we watched, and I would like to know something about what actually happened, who was guilty, etc. D., With this ending, we were left to solve it ourselves, but since I somehow doubt that there will be a continuation, I did not want to continue to guess. <br /> <br /> However, there was a lot of stuff in this movie, and the acting is definitely at the top of the list, I would rate it 7.5 and say that it is definitely worth seeing.
