In the movie “Brokedown Palace,” directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decided to celebrate high school, going on a trip to Hawaii, but heard that Bangkok, Thailand, is More. pleasure. They changed plans and decided to go to Thailand without informing their parents about changing plans. While they were in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really handsome guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapane). He tells them that he will exchange his first class ticket to Hong Kong for three economy class tickets so they can spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer, and after entering the airport, they were arrested for drug smuggling. They were convicted and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think that Kaplan tried to show the audience that it was wise to make the right decisions, because in one case a bad decision could change the direction of life forever. In addition, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we think when we know the real intentions of this friendly face. These girls decided not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans, and this changed their lives forever. Things happen in a strange way, showing us what decision we made, and not what we had to take. Sometimes life is unfair, so it’s important to think long and hard about the choices we make, because we can never go back and change our choices. <br /> <br /> There is a great setting in this movie; It was filmed mainly in Bangkok, Thailand. This film also has great music; Some of my favorite songs are “Silence” from Delerium, “Damaged” from “Plumb”, “Deliver me” from Sarah Bightman and “Party from just begin” from Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought a soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls, who were young and naive and could not think carefully about their plans, a mistake that anyone can make, so this film is good for any audience. It does not matter, young or old - we are all human and error prone. Despite the fact that I didn’t like how this film ended, I don’t know who actually smuggled in drugs? - I would definitely give this film two thumbs up.
