We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but in reality there is only one or two people with whom you feel very close, people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are. You can see it from the start. They finished school together, go to parties together and decide to go to Bangkok together when they were supposed to go to Hawaii. They are also arrested for attempting to smuggle drugs into a third world country, and this means a catastrophe. The rest of the film is about survival and leaving no hope. It also has a strong signal about the strength of friendship and what it may mean to someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good film, it is not very good, and this is due to several problems that I want to talk about. But first I want to say what's good about the film. And for starters, the game is top notch, and you can look no further than two leads. Danes and Beckinsale are flawless in their roles. Alice is always hot-tempered and seems a little rough around the edges, but she seems more cheerful than Darlene. But sometimes this fun can lead to trouble. Darlene is always a bit conservative, and, although it can sometimes be annoying, she would have served two girls better if she were stuck rather than Alice. Bill Pullman is adequate as an American lawyer living in Thailand. The film is also very well photographed. Inside the prison, though not the same as the Shawshank or the Natural Born Killers or the Return to Paradise, it shows the necessary (but underestimated) hopelessness of the situation in which they find themselves. Jonathin Kaplan's guide is also nice. We see two girls struggling to cope with this every day, but you can see that their spirit is getting stronger day by day. Brokedown Palace is superb when it talks about friendship and shows how they must rely on each other to survive. Another thing I had to comment on is the soundtrack for the film. This raises and complements the mood of the film to perfection. The song that you hear in the trailer also plays in the film, and when it sounds, you feel the plight of women in this prison. You can feel how lonely they should feel and how desperately they want to go out and get back to the simple things in life. And it also makes you look at yourself and understand how lucky we are to live in the society that we do. It’s easy for us compared to a country, and we believe that music is an excellent catalyst for thinking about this topic. Part of the music is written by a group called Delirium (I think), but it is Sarah McLaughlin (wrong spelling, but how do you spell her last name?) Makes the lyrics and her voice beautiful and haunting, and it adds so much to the film. <br /> <br /> What I didn’t like about this film was the stupidity that girls demonstrate. I will not say what they do, but when you see it for yourself, you will understand what I am talking about. In addition, I really did not feel that the prison they were in was so bad. This is more like a minimum security prison, and this may be because when other films have similar circumstances involving men spending time in a foreign country, the scenes in the prison are always brutal and sadistic. But I did not understand this. <br /> <br /> In general, this is an excellent film, and it really makes you ask the question: "How far will you go after a friend?" This is a difficult question and perhaps one that none of us could honestly answer while did not get into the same situation. Let's just hope it never comes down to this.
