I first saw this film a million years (more precisely 5 years) ago. In light of recent events, when the Australian Chapelle Corby was imprisoned in Indonesia for the so-called contraband cauldron, I decided to watch this movie again. I cry from the bottom of my heart because I am a lover of hot girls in need (just read my review of The Laurie Show). A little moisture slipped from my eyes, but these were hardly buckets filled with tears. What for? Not because the two heroines were not completely adored and helpless, and not because the film was not heartbreaking at the sight of these two children at the very beginning of their life, locked up in almost inhuman conditions. So why? Why am I not crying? I wanted to cry! When I make a film like this, I am except to be moved, to cry, as if there is no tomorrow, to feel miserable and to love it. This movie was too short to make it. As if the script was reduced to the main elements of the plot, while the psychological aspect was discarded. Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale did an excellent job portraying the emotions of two friends, but this film just screamed to shoot more of these girls in their depressing (and depressing) environment. The mental journey here for some reason is missing. You can only see key points (which, I admit, are very touching), probably due to poor editing. Sometimes I felt that these girls walk in a postcard. Relationships with family members might also get a little more attention. What happened to the relationship between girls and parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You catch a glimpse of this, but the film, unfortunately, does not give a complete picture. <br /> <br /> However, it was a great movie, and in the end I even had to bite my lip a little. But I think it’s more about acting (and looks) of actresses (and music) than about the director’s merit. Honestly, I hardly knew who Kate Beckinsale was before I watched this movie (again). Now I'm a fan! Great movie if you don't expect it to be classic.
