If you are looking for an accurate biography of the life of boxer James Corbett, then this film is probably not for you. The famous boxer gets the “Hollywood” 1940s of his life, which makes the story much more exciting and exciting than real life. However, since the performances were very good (especially Errol Flynn), and the script was very pleasant, the embellishment of the film can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn plays boxer of the nineties nineties gay era James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett. - The man who became the world boxing champion in 1892. The film comes from his rather humble beginnings and follows his career, winning a title match with John L. Sullivan. However, although it could be focused mainly on matches, most of them are quite brief in the film (with the exception of the final match match), and the emphasis is on Corbett’s bold individuality, as well as his relationship with the lady played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, there is great support work done by a group of great supporting actors (such as a regular supporting actor in Flynn films, Alan Hale), and the script really helped revive these people. <br /> <br /> That is especially nice in the film to see Flynn's athleticism as a boxer. While several shots have double shots, almost all of the boxing scenes are Flynn, and he did a compelling job as a boxer. It was a good departure for Flynn, who usually played the role of a “cute boy” or a scam, and it shows how tough a character he was. To learn more about this, try reading his biography - he was a rather rude character before coming to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Now, about REAL James Corbett, keep reading, unless you're not afraid to find out how the movie is not accurate. First, Corbett was NOT a poor guy from a poor family, but was educated and intelligent in college. Secondly, although he received Alexis Smith at the end of the film, they also divorced a few years later. Third, the surprisingly touching final scene of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the film, Sullivan was a jerk, and this could never happen - in fact, Sullivan was more an egoist, and Corbett was not fat. headed by the guy they portrayed in the film - although it was made for a great movie.
