Flynn, known mainly for his crazy roles (and his antics in the bedroom!), Uses this film differently, and it works great. Playing in real life boxing champion Jim Corbett, Flynn turns on full charm, making his way from the stifling cashier in San Francisco to the glorified fighter, while all the while watching the company Deb Smith. He and his best friend Carson are present at an illegal duel and are arrested along with many other men (and dogs!), Including a well-known judge. The next day, through Smith, he gets the opportunity to enter a private judge club. He uses this opportunity to get into the grace of his exclusive members and get a place as a permanent boxer club. His unusually skillful skill in sports soon forced him to accept everyone, right up to world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.) And Flynn here is absolutely magical. He is the embodiment of charm, charisma and attractiveness in this role. He looks amazing (especially in the scene of a hangover with combed hair and a white union suit) and does almost all of his own stunts (impressively!). His delivery to the line is amazing, he is trustworthy, responsive and at the same time duplicitous and fraudulent. Smith exudes class and taste from every pore and is well suited to Flynn. At this stage, he needed a female colleague who could resist his achievements and reputation (at that time he was subject to mandatory rape charges), and she does it perfectly. She is repelled by his freshness and cavalier attitude, but can hardly fail to fall under his spellbound spell. Bond is incredibly strong, muscular and tall, but gentle when the script demands it. Funny support has a young and stormy Carson. Frawley is his surely caustic Flynn manager. The rest of the cast is also excellent, including Flynn’s riotous family and Nob Hill’s sultry types. All this is beautifully appointed and reliably directed. Several of the sets are amazingly presented. Some of Smith's dresses border on the brightness, but it is very well suited for hairstyles. This is a great look at the early days of the boxing championship, but it’s also a lot more. Some of them (for example, the character traits shown by Flynn) are improved or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many of them are genuine (for example, the methods and costumes shown in battle scenes). One line is especially remembered: “I believe you love me more than you do me, but it is quite possible that I love you more than you love me.” This is a classic romantic dialogue (and there are also several Zingers in the script).
