The autobiography of James Corbett "The Roar of the Crowd" was the starting point of this vibrant and well-remembered fictional biography. The author was a world heavyweight champion, succeeding John L. Sullivan, before the turn of the century. The events of the story portray Corbett as a daring, but likeable and intelligent young man who once won the world of boxing and social prejudice, when he was considered just the son of Irish immigrants, a modest bank teller and no one surprising everyone. screen time to prove that its competitors were wrong. When the film opens, he works as a cashier in a bank, but somehow slaps an invitation to a sports club for wealthy people. He falls in love with a beautiful, but snobbish girl, with whom he seems to always quarrel, and lives at home with the noisy Corbett clan, who seem to fight each other as often as others. When he defeats the best club and professional fighter to embarrass him, he finally decides to become famous by fighting. He sets off with his friend, who acts as a manager and coach, and, despite several close failures, he wins all his fights and attracts attention. Coming home to pursue his girlfriend again, he manages to annoy the Boston Strongboy, the mighty John L. Sullivan, who enters the bars and claims that he can "lick any man in the world." Few people believe that he can win the battle with Sullivan, but Corbett, who received the nickname "Gentleman Jim" for his gracious manners and patrician appearance, surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of reach and denying the power of violent Sullivan. The best scene of the film may occur when the defeated Sullivan comes to congratulate Corbett. The new champion rises to the moment, tells Sullivan several years before things could be different, and shows him only admiration and respect. He gets his girlfriend as a result of two of his performances, but by the end of the film, when they visit his parents, his manager can tell the world: “Corbetta is back in this.” The films are attractive and have a consistent style without being flashy. The script was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence from Corbett’s novel. Sydney Hickox was involved in cinematography with decorations set by Clarence Steensen and art director Ted Smith. Heinz Remheld performed music, and Milo Anderson performed dresses. The film was skillfully filmed by action movie director Raul Walsh. Flynn also enjoyed working with Walsh, but he didn’t care about which director he worked most often - Michael Curtiz. Among the actors were Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances, the beautiful Alexis Smith, a bit awkward, but clever, like the girl Corbett loves, and the very capable Errol Flynn as Corbett, the young man he seemed to play with pleasure. - he later said that this was his favorite role of that period ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale - his charismatic father, John Loder - a rich opponent, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine Lebo, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki together for a pleasant process. It's hard to say enough about the logic and carefree fun that the creators of this film have created; This is one of the most favorite sports biography films, and, by my standards, one of the most enjoyable.
