After my thoughts have been wiped out almost twenty-seven times, I get the feeling that now I can win this review of the complex French drama “Read My Lips”. Having written more than five hundred reviews, I have never come across such a loss of words as with the subtle, but inspiring love story of director Jacques Audiard. The thought was poured out on what was loved and hated in this film, and while “love” was overpowered, it was the elements that were hated, which caused further debate in my mind. “Read my lips” is a drama. To be more precise, this is a character-driven drama that combines social uncertainty with criminal lords with the decline of everyday office work. That's where this review starts to crumble, are these all the points ?? but it is much, much more. As a viewer, you are immediately attracted by the image of Emmanuel Devos about this fragile woman named Carla, whose power is lost to men in her office, as well as her hearing. The audiard rigidly introduces us to her world, removing the sound from the screen whenever she does not put on her help, causing immediate unrest not only among the film’s characters, but also among those who watch. Without sound, the world remains open to every opportunity, and it scares. <br /> <br /> While we observe how this difficult and anxious woman enters her life, we are then pulled out and given the opportunity to meet with Paul (played by Vincent Cassel, combed in the back, a lanky man with long a mustache who had just been released from prison, homeless, unemployed, and made his parole officer take a job. So Karla and Paul meet. This is a moment of instant disturbing attraction. The one where we think she loves him, but he dark (and that's where it gets even more fun) ?? and where is m We think that he loves her, but she is dark. Constant change of roles creates the tone of the unknown. To whom as spectators should we be most sympathetic? Paul sleeps in the office, Karla helps him; Karla loses contract with a competitor, Paul helps her; Carla's ability reading people's lips is very useful for Paul's changeable idea. Continuous leaps back and forth keep you on the chair, expecting some light to break through this dark cave. It never does. The audiard cannot simply allow this story to occur, it constantly introduces us to new characters; one as battered as the next. Even our rock, our solid foundation with an parole officer in question, when his wife disappears? the subtitle for this film, which at first angered me, but after further debates was the main ending for this film. However, nothing would have happened if it were not for our characters. A solemn and homely look Devos is breathtaking as she changes her image for Paul; the truth of her beauty is revealed. Paul, the wildcard in the film, appears to continue to use and abuse the friendship for his final final. Then, as we assume, Carla takes the latter form. <br /> <br /> An audiard knows that he has amazing actors capturing his characters. Cassel and Devo could just play cards all the time, and I would still be sitting on the edge of the chair. The story is probably the weakest part of this film, seemingly random at first glance. At first, the intertwined stories seem unconnected, but Audiard allows them to connect gradually. Again, the entire parole officer was tangential, but this final scene only reinforced the ends with the funds. Not trying to seem vague, but this difficult (but quite simple) story is difficult to explain. A lot happens, but it is up to you to put the pieces together. Favorite scene - this is when Carla tries to find out where the money is stored. This use of sound and scene was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like the way you see the riddle of who the hell is, it unfolds before your eyes. <br /> <br /> In general, I originally thought it was a mediocre French film, which I could easily forget when it was all over ?? I was wrong. “Read My Lips” opens a field for discussion not only with characters, but also with situations. In one scene, you'll be rooting for Carl, and in the next - for Paul. When Carla discovered the discovery in Paul's apartment, I felt very angry. Audiard caused real emotions on the screen with its characters and development, and what did he lack in the plot ?? the actors were able to carry. I can easily offer this film to anyone, but be prepared; This is not a one-time movie viewing. Reiteration. Reiteration. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Rating: **** from *****
