As you may know, it was about asking eleven directors from all over the world to make each short film 11 minutes long, 9 seconds and one frame long. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): that children of Afghan refugees can understand how towers are crumbling? Well nothing. Great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): a weak plot with great cinematography ... Imagine a deaf woman living in the WTC, who, not understanding this, sees her dog barking ... Well, just look. - Yousef Chakhin (Egypt): the greatest director of oriental films has compassion ... For all: for the American soldier who died ten years ago, for the people at Wtc, but also for the Palestinian suicide bomber. Maybe a less gentle movie to us. - Danis Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina): good pictures, of course, make us travel ... Not a very good plot. Idrissa Udraogo (Burkina Faso): from one of the world's poorest countries, a gentle and funny story about five boys who want to catch Osama bin Laden ... And they could do it, but no one would believe them when they say they know where he is. Ken Loach (Great Britain): On September 11, 1973, Chile entered into a twenty-year bloody dictatorship. Thousands of deaths, torture: everything that was proposed to Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and the knowledge of this greatly changes your point of view! I believe that it was because of this short plot that no American film distribution company agreed to release a film in American cinemas! Loach forgot to point out that 1973 is also the year when the WTC was built! - Alejandro González Inarritu (Mexico): impressive images that we all know too well, and a lot of black screens. I didn't get it very much, this is more of a video artist (to show at the exhibition) than a film. - Amos Gitai (Israel): absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc. Around a burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): about the anti-Islamic feelings that followed September 11. Very good indeed. - Sean Penn (we): a funny little story that reminds us of a fact that is usually forgotten, the WTC had a huge shadow, and in some places there is daylight that they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): another. There is not a single word about WTC, and the action takes place at the end of the Second World War. It has only one message: no war is holy. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director, apparently, would have coped better, having spent more than 11 minutes. --- so --- Excellent movie, great attempt to measure the temperature in the world. I like it.
