From the outset, it was clear that September 11 would inspire as many films as World War II and Vietnam combined; nevertheless, there is a great danger that most of these films will be as good (or rather bad) as Pearl Harbor. Fortunately, the first international release of 9/11 is not a crappy love story involving pretty faces, but the collective work of 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I’m not going to say that all 11 episodes are great (for example, Yussef Cheyhen has a useless prologue with too many cuts, and Shohei has a really strange ending) or that the segments are in the correct order (Imamura - The only one Without referring directly to the Twin Towers, you should open the film and not finish it, instead it should be the last Alejandro González Inarritu, since it is the most impressive) But this is an impressive effort and interesting image of how other parts of the world agitate on the destruction of the twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider the initial stage of Samira Makhmalbaf, in which Afghan teachers try to explain her students occurred in New York and unsuccessfully offer a minute silence. Or the role of Idrissa Ouedraogo (in which there is a bin Laden double, very similar to the real one, which you will be shocked when you see him, I promise), in which 5 boys reflect on the good things that can be done with the release of the Klado Allende reward Pinochet established his dictatorship with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could be a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it became a sad story and shares my recognition of the best segment with Inarritu (mostly sound impressions and phone calls from hijacked airplanes to a black screen, sometimes a few photos of people fall on the WTC and, finally, collapsing the tower, ending with the clarification of the screen and the emergence of a single question), and Amos Gitai tells about a hysterical reporter who is desperately trying to get on the air after the explosion of a car bomb in Tel Aviv (difficult to recognize, but this is one - a masterpiece of choreography). <br /> <br /> All of these different segments (I haven’t mentioned Klud Leluš about the deaf girl, Danis Tanovic about the demonstration of “The Woman of Srebrenica”, about the World Nair - it’s strange, but it’s required an Indian director to make a role that Probably the most attractive for Western tastes - about a Muslim family whose son is under terrible suspicion after September 11 and Sean Penn with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower leading the most depressive life imaginable) add to the unique a movie that is not easy to watch which is difficult to forget. I am sure that this film will become a classic known to everyone in thirty years. I hope he will be remembered for starting the long tradition of world cinema. But, alas, it is much more likely that he will be remembered as a work in one film. And as one of the few 9/11 films made by that time that does not reduce this terrible event to a love story with a happy ending, just to please the audience.
