This tense drama in anticipation of the characters of 2007 resembles a big, juicy piece of steak at the level of Shakespeare from a famous director who knows how to attract extraordinarily brutal, unsurpassed performances from his actors. Consider for a start - a lonely dissenting juror Henry Fonda in “Twelve Angry People”, crazy Mary Tyrone Katherine Hepburn in “A Long Day Journey to the Night” who survived the conflict of Rod Steiger concentration camp in “Pawn”, the winter lion of William Holden in “Seti” and alcohol lawyer Paul Newman in Verdict. The list includes some of the best screen work over the past half century, and you can safely add Andy Hanson Phillip Seymour Hoffman to your ranks. At 83, directed by Sydney Lumet, there is no sign of eighty-year-old fatigue, and in fact he enjoys the melodramatic twists and turns of the script by the first time written scriptwriter Kelly Masterson. <br /> <br /> The scale of the story is deceptively small because it focuses on moral compromises that break up in a family where the two brothers desperately needed cash. Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamic in his latest film, the oddly pinned Cassandra Dream, but Lumet is not trapped or cautious in his cruel approach to this inevitable tale of ambiguity and deception. The plot revolves around a crime that was supposed to be a victim. Assigning funds from his real estate company’s payroll to take care of his abandoned wife, Jean, and satisfy the expensive drug habit, Andy is going to talk to the IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother, Hank, is a mass of post-divider problems that are not dependent on codes, which are lagging behind in their alimony and payments for the maintenance of a child. <br /> <br /> Andy comes up with a supposedly robust plan to rob his parents' suburban jewelry store while none of them should be there. The goal was for the brothers to collect the goods and the parents to get insurance. Murphy's law intervenes in all possible ways, starting with how Andy puts pressure on Hank to do the work himself. After some fraternal persuasion, Hank agrees to this, but too frightened to do it alone, he hires a reckless, bus-armed bus to cope with the robbery. By fate, the robbery happens on the day that Andy's mother and Hank open a shop, and from there things quickly get out of control. Although the back and forth storytelling technique is not new (for example, “21 grams” by Alejandro González Inarritu), Masterson’s approach effectively delineates certain events from different points of view, so you understand how each character leads to an unfortunate event. <br /> <br /> The game is perfectly perfect, starting with Hoffman’s exciting performance in the role of Andy, the Machiavellian reptile, whose cold appearance and innate immorality mask the layers of resentment against his family. I thought he was great in Tamara Jenkins's The Savages, but he is even better off here. Lumet even achieves solid results from the usually unbearable Ethan Hawk in the role of Hank, filling him with emaciated weakness that tells him about every poorly planned act. As their warlike father, Albert Finney acts with his typical delirium of a late career, but he provides the necessary foundation for the difficulties of the oedipal level. Marisa Tomei is a smart choice to play Gina, as the actress economically indicates the responsive, vigilant nature of a small but key role. The respected theater veteran Rosemary Harris (now better known as Peter Parker's aunt in the Spider-Man trilogy) has very little time to be a mother, like Amy Ryan as Hank's bitter ex-wife. <br /> <br /> There are scenes that border on the excessive, especially when the situation is becoming more desperate for the brothers, but the leaders introduce to them such an energetic brio that the blossoms become excusable. After the disappointment of the cartoon "Find Me Guilty" it is very nice to see Lumet in great shape. The 2008 DVD offers a stunningly informative commentary from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawk, each of whom communicates with ease and understanding throughout. Along with the original theatrical trailer, there is also a better-than-average 24-minute art collection “Directed by Sydie Lumet: How the Devil Was Created,” which features film shots and fragments of interviews with Lumet, two of the producers and main characters.
