This is a completely diabolical story about how bad things can go wrong. Simple robbery. Take some major changes. Gather our finances together, and everything will be foolish. But in the mom and pop jewelry store? No problems. Insurance pays for it all. No weapons. No one gets hurt. Easy Money. <br /> <br /> The older, more successful (seemingly) brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has several minor problems. Heroin addiction, addictive cocaine. His wife (Marisa Tomei), for whom he seems to be unable to speak. His days with a flat belly are long gone. The younger, cute, slightly blunt younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) with several of his own problems in dinosaurs. For the payment of alimony for the daughter, for the debts to friends and relatives, for not admiring the work, and so on. <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet, in this performance at the age of 82 (!), Sends and it gets 99.99 percent correct, which is hard to do in a thriller. I saw more thrillers than I can remember, and most of the time the director prints the film and lives with holes in the plot, improbations, stupid scenes and a final rush. Here Lumet does a thriller, as if it is a work of art Every detail is perfect. The game is great. On the plot there are no holes. This story sounds believable and clear and is a story about human weakness, which will honor the memory of the greatest cinematographers and even Bard himself. <br /> <br /> Of course, Hoffman is superb. When you have no tent, the presence of a leading person, you must excel in talent, skill, and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is not accustomed to this cute little guy role, adds to this part a layer of despair and too human incompetence, so that we don’t know whether to pity him or kill him. Albert Finney plays the father of wayward sons with a violent intensity that goes against his age. And Marisa Tomei, who possesses the magical qualities of sexuality, in order to combine with her unique creativity, manages to be both vulnerable and hard, like the nails of two times Andy. (But who could blame her for this?) It's almost a blasphemy of a film reviewer - to give a commercial thriller five or ten stars, but if you study this film, as all advising novice directors would be good, you will notice too much (according to most Hollywood producers) the attention to detail that real art makes is something that only great artists can do and cannot but do. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers in this film - well, maybe a dozen; check out the credits.) All I can say in the end is “The Way To Go”, Sidney Lumet, author of many great films, and to show such loyalty to one's craft and art at such an old age is glory. May we all do so well in half. <br /> <br /> Good, 00.01 percent. It is unlikely that the father (Albert Finney) may have followed the taxi Andy took around New York without losing his tail. This is insignificant, and I would like all thrillers to have such a small splash. The question also arises why Lumet decided not to tell us about the fate of Hank at the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his fate fell on the floor of the cutting room. Perhaps Lumet was not satisfied with what was shot, and the time was up, and he simply said: “Leave it like this. It really doesn't matter. ” And I think not. What happens to Hank will not be good. He is not one of those guys who manage to escape to Mexico and who can start a new life. This is the guy who receives a “light” sentence from 10 to 20, departs him and leaves a kind of shriveled man who knows that he was not really a man when he should have been. <br /> <br /> See. This is for Sidney Lumet, one of the best in Hollywood, directed by The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternal (1975), Network (1976) and many others.
