Tarantino once noticed a 30s melodrama called “Backstreet” that “tragedy is like another character” in the film. The same can be said - and not to resist the education of Tarantino - for the best work of Sidney Lumet for many years, melodrama, in which the character is of primary concern, and not just because of what is at stake with the participation of the actors. Kelly Masterson does not have a script masterpiece here (after all, it turns into a crazy killer mode in a series of climate events that work only to the very end, and even there the suspension of disbelief is paramount), but her script does convey the character before the plot, and in the story where the actions surround the robbery, it is important to know who these people are beating up It's damn joyless, relentlessly, like Satan, but also absolutely boring in 90% of cases. <br /> <br /> Speak about it not only because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear scenario where we see everyday life. The character’s one-day actions in front of the character are before, during and mainly after the robbery of the 'mom - & - pop' jewelry store, but because of the complex cast (which I might add is a feature of Lumet). Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with their own financial problems, and the first comes close to the latter in what looks like a reckless robbery: the plundering of their mother and father's jewelry store in Westchester. Hawk Hank includes another dark character, there are murders, and suddenly it is a Greek tragedy affecting the brothers and their father, played by the perfect Albert Finney. This is the material that most actors love - characters who, like in Dog Day, are painfully humane, imperfect, but only want love and / or things to be corrected, and completely incapable of fulfilling their desires and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, though Hoffman and Hawk are superbly matched; Until the aforementioned last ten minutes, Hoffman possessed super-calm and sometimes humorous behavior, which shows him as a brain operation, but then small scenes where he breaks down emotionally (that is, with Finney or the car scene with Tomei), pushes his talents to the limit; Meanwhile, Hawk is called a former wife and daughter a loser, he cannot pay debts at all, his father calls him a child, and he pays the bill for this party in all ways that matter. he is not as vicious as his elder brother, but who wants to choose a straw for this title? And Finney, as already mentioned, at every step makes his move in “Big Fish” look like a child's game (the last scenes with him are terribly tragic, his face rebounds from the horror that accumulated in the second half). <br /> <br /> In addition, it presents supporting turns due to a petty ulcer and a twisted Marisa Tomei, Michael Shannon from The Bug as trash white trash, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Birn and Rosemary Harris. Short, accurate impressions, this is a film with great skill and a heart, but not a forgiving heart, with a story that went twice into detail, not for spectacular plot devices, but to clarify every step of the eternal downward spiral of the family. If it's not as stunning as Serpico or Network, or Pawnbroker, or 12 Angry Men, it comes as close as everything Lumet has done since then.
