In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is the dependent manager of a real estate agency that has appropriated a large amount for its dependence and expensive lifestyle with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). When an audit is scheduled at his department, he desperately needs money. His younger brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawk) is a complete loser who owes three months of child support to his daughter, and has a romance with Gina every Thursday. Andy is preparing a robbery of his parents' jewelry on Saturday morning without using a weapon, expecting to find a working old employee and without material damage to his parents, as the insurance company will pay damages. On Monday morning, we collected the necessary money to cover the waste. He invites Hank to participate, as he is very well known in the mall where jewelery is located and could be recognized. However, Hank turns yellow and invites thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Birn) to steal the store, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work as a replacement clerk, and Bobby brings a hidden weapon, Nanette reacts and kills Bobby, but she is also mortally wounded. After the death of Nanette, their father, Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate the robbery with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> “Before the devil discovers that you are dead” - a comedy of mistakes, a revealing story. Originality and distinction are enclosed in a scenario with a non-linear narrative in the style of "Pulp Fiction." Eighty-three-year-old Sydney Lumet has another great job, and it impresses with the longevity of this director. Philip Seymour Hoffman is great in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father, who feels that the world is falling apart mainly because of his insecure and clumsy brother. Marisa Tomei is still impressively gorgeous and sexy, showing off her gorgeous body. A violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed an evil place. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Name (Brazil): “Antes Que o Diabo Saiba Que Você Está Morto” (“Before the devil knows you're dead”)
