The full title of this film is: “May you find yourself in heaven half an hour before the devil finds out that you are dead,” rewriting the old Irish toast, “Let you have food and clothes, a soft pillow for the head; May you be 40 years old in heaven, until the devil finds out that you are dead. The first time screenwriter Kelly Masterson (with some changes by director Sidney Lumet) composed a melodrama that explores how fragmented a family can become when external forces bring members to unimaginable extremes. In this film, the viewer is allowed to observe the gradual, but almost complete destruction of the family thanks to the widely used, but, in this case, very reasonable manipulation of the narrative technique with a return to memory. Constantly offering the various advantages of each of the characters in relation to the central incidents that trigger this rather heartbreaking story, we see that all the motivations of the players in this case of the robbery went very wrong. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy manager, married to an emotionally needy Gina (Marisa Tomei), and addicted to an expensive drug habit. His life begins to crumble, and he needs money. Andy is not very good, the younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) lives in ruins - he is divorced from his cunning wife Martha (Amy Ryan), lags behind in alimony and alimony and borrowed everything he could from his friends and he needed money. Andy offers the low-key robbery of a small jewelry store Mom-and-Pop Mall, which promises safe, fast money for both. The trouble is that the jewelry story belongs to the male parents - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy pushes Hank some money and agrees that Hank commits an actual robbery, but although Hank agrees to a “fault-tolerant” plan, he hires a friend to take on the real job while Hank plans to become a getaway driver. car. The robbery failed terribly when Nanette, who is applying for another clerk, shoots a robber and herself is shot in disarray. The disaster reveals many secrets about the fragile family relationships, and when Nanette dies, Charles, Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) are brought to catastrophic goals with surprises at every turn. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this strong, but emotionally sharp film gives excellent performances, and although we expect Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris to be the wise hand of direction from Sidney Lumet who make this film so unforgettable. This is not an easy movie to watch, but it is a movie that allows you to play some bravura plays that demand our respect, a movie that reminds us of how fragile many families can be. Grady harp
