I have to admit that I had doubts about this film before I was going to watch it. The main reason for this is that it was compared to the Hitchcock film. I saw several films that were said to have been inspired by Hitchcock, or that could be made by The Suspension Master himself, but so far I have not seen any of these films that could stand the test of time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household name, and it's too easy to use to advertise some (cheap) thrillers, but, on the other hand, I have to admit that it intrigued me because it is a European film. Usually these are big Hollywood studios who love to abuse the name of Hitchcock, if this can increase their income. But this film was shot in one of the most chauvinistic European countries, and I’m sure that most French people will drop dead rather than admit that their films were inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to try this movie, and I must say that I am glad that I did it. <br /> <br /> “Sur mes lèvres” or “Read my Lips”, as it is called in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Carl. She is hardworking and loyal employee, but her colleagues have never appreciated her. This is largely due to the fact that she suffers from a hearing impairment, which makes it impossible for her to climb the hierarchy of the company. But when she is allowed to hire an intern who can work for her, all this will change. Paul Angeli is a 25-year-old and completely unqualified ex-convict. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers him when necessary. She hopes to teach him how an ordinary life should look, but at the same time he drags her with him in his old life ... <br /> <br /> Since I still think that the name Hitchcock is used too often to describe a very good thriller, which this film is definitely, I will not compare the director Jacques Audiard with Hitchcock. The fact is that the man did a really good job with this movie. I have not heard of him before, but it is true that he knows how to create tension and how to interest you from the very beginning to the end. It is also directly related to a very good and original story. I doubt if there is anyone in Hollywood who has ever thought of using a disabled woman in an influential role instead of making her helpless subject of an abusive husband (you know, a typical story from a television movie). br /> <br /> Also worth mentioning is the acting in this film. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuel Devos was a complete mystery to me. There is nothing charming about their roles, but they both did a great job with their characters, making them feel very believable and realistic. Paul could be an average strong guy right out of prison, and Karl a typically helpless woman, but thanks to their performances, you really believe that these are two strong people who are not lucky in life, but who will do everything possible about it together. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a powerful film with a very good script and excellent acting. Despite the fact that I had doubts about this, I soon became one of his greatest admirers. I give this film 8/10. Feel free to try.
