I am starting to see a very consistent pattern in the identity of the 2007 films. If 2004 was a year of biographies, and 2005 was a year of political films, then 2007 can be defined as a year in which numerous moral stories are presented, films that depict, test, challenge and question human morality, as well as motives, encouraging us to do certain things. Although this definition is rather broad, I think there are several films released this year, such as 3:10 “Yuma”, “Eastern promises”, “American gangster”, “The country is not for old people”) and others who specifically they question and study human morality and motives that encourage us to take actions such as violence or betrayal. Before the devil finds out that you are dead, this is an elegantly stylish story about morality, and quite dark, dull and depressing. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classical directing forces of our time, the legendary Sydney Lumet, who, as many have said, was his premier, but returns to full strength with this terribly rich criminal thriller. <br /> <br /> This is one of those films whose stories are so thick that I really do not want to go into details. This is a film that is best liked if it is entered without any preliminary information about the events that need to unfold, as there are twists and turns. But the thick and richly made plot is not at all in the center of this film; true focus, as I said, the story of morality; the motives that motivate these two men to the actions they do in the film. In the plot, structured as a combination of the Cohen Brothers films (namely, “Bloody Simplicity” and “Fargo”) and Quentin Tarantino, we see how two men in various dark circumstances are forced to commit a rather simple crime that goes incredibly, ridiculously wrong and reciprocates with full force and inevitable tragedy. And, to make it even more interesting, the film is told in fragmented chronology, which tracks and displays a series of events that follow a different character every time and always end where they last stopped. Strong, sharp, fat and dangerously depressive, Kelly Masterson’s scenario is surprisingly sharp and well-rounded, in part, because it’s a debut scenario. <br /> <br /> But the film is much more likely than just a delightfully sinister and rather depressing plot. First of all, the picture looks and feels great. Throughout his career, Sydney Lumet constantly used an interesting style of cinematography and lighting: naturalistic and at the same time stylish. The film carries the characteristic atmosphere of style and class, with wonderful natural lighting that looks just great. Editing at the highest level; combining the hissing aspect of the dramatic thriller with big long takes that really take their time to portray the action accordingly. A bright, dynamic angles and camera movements add even more to this style. The film is also supported by Carter Burwell’s fantastically rich musical piece. <br /> <br /> The script plays its role, and, of course, Lumet plays his role, but in the drama center of the film there are three workshops of the actor, which are incredibly good performances. First of all, there are two leads. At the head of the group is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been a great actor, but stumbled upon the newfound status of leader after his unnaturally fantastic Oscar in Capote. His turn in this film is exciting: badly damaged, broken, insane. Hoffman has truly intense scenes in the film that really allow his full dramatic rage to emerge, not just his subtlety and wit. On his side is Ethan Hawke, who has played fantastic performances in many films, which are almost always overshadowed by great, great actors. Here he bounces off Hoffman and complements it so incredibly well; In general, the dynamic game between them is so fantastic and convincing that viewers very quickly get lost in the characters and forget that they are watching the actors. And there is Albert Finney. Such a flexible, rich supporting role, like the one he has, requires an experienced professional, and here Finney demonstrates his best work in many years, being tragically obsessed with his father by two brothers who were involved in crime. I like how the dynamics unfold between the three. I like that Hoffman is undoubtedly the dominant brother and shamelessly shows his younger brother even now when they are middle-aged men; and yet, despite this, it is clear how Finney’s father prefers Hawke’s younger, weaker brother. Also on the cast, two supporting female characters ?? brothers wives ?? Also here are the fantastic performances of Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose appearance is getting better and better over the years. <br /> <br /> This film is not revolutionary. These themes and this style have already been explored by The Coen Brothers, and it is very easy to introduce them to the directors of this film. But for a movie that goes along familiar ground, this is simply superb. Lumet uses his own huge directorial talent and uses his unique and very subtle sense of irony and style to Masterson’s brilliant, intense and painfully depressive script for the first time. The main performances are incredibly intense, and the film uses the fantastic twists of Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but truly the greatest miracle of the film is that three years after he won an Oscar for life achievements, which is greatly revered as the ultimate sign of retirement in the film industry, Sidney Lumet argues that he still has tremendous talent to deliver a truly remarkable, resonant, intense piece of cinema, reminiscent of its golden years.
