Sydney Lumet did not have box office for 20 years, and at the same time, at the age of 83, he managed to create a tough, well-thrown, tense thriller installed on his old punching pad in New York. (How he got insurance, not to mention the budget after all these failures, is also a mystery). The story is rather dark, and the characters are not particularly pleasant, but it kept me on the edge of my seat until the final scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers with pressing financial problems plotting to rob a suburban jewelry store owned by their elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The robbery goes wrong, and two people die. Most of the film has consequences. The action is non-linear and is viewed from different points of view of the main character, but it is easy to follow. What is not so easy to understand is the story? How did the brothers get into such a mess? Any tips ?? the younger brother, who is a child in the family, is his father's favorite, while the older brother seems to carry a lot of baggage about his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but this hardly explains his transformation into a killer using heroin as a kidnapper . <br /> <br /> As an intriguing elder brother, the film is dominated by the fat Philip Seymour Hoffman, but Ethan Hawke supports him well as his mocking, inadequate younger brother. Albert Finney, like their father, seems to be in a state of constant rage, but then the script demands it. Marisa Tomei, being a liar to the wife of an older brother at the age of 42, puts on the sexiest performance I have seen in many years. The film literally begins with a bang, but we quickly leave this comfort zone. <br /> <br /> I don’t know the origins of this story by screenwriter Kelly Masterton, who first came to light, but I suspect that, like Lumett, is very good. A 70s movie "Afternoon of a Dog" is based on facts ?? it's too stupid to be untrue. Lumet is almost the last of the most versatile old masters who could manage with great speed practically everything that was offered to them. Thus, some great films were shot, as well as classic turkeys. This is not a classic of any kind ?? This is a well thought out part of dark entertainment. It will probably leave you feeling that you are lucky that you are not a member of a dysfunctional family like this, but still wonder how they did it. We know that the parents were happy, but we see so little about the mother and so little about her that it is impossible to raise her relationship with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems superfluous). Well, like Tolstoy, we must conclude that "every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."
