What an unusual crime thriller !! My wife and I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week, and it was by far the best film at an exceptionally strong festival. This is my second favorite movie of all time after DR. STRANGELOVE and I were definitely on an emotional high when I went home and discussed the film with my wife. <br /> <br /> I don’t want to spoil the plot, because thrillers of this caliber are best used without prejudice. The brief overview I’d like to share is that the two brothers played by Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are planning to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film bounces back and forth during a roughly two-week period of time (before, during and after the robbery), and one key scene is repeated at least three times. Usually, this can disrupt the impulse of the film, but this will never happen during this masterpiece. The excitement, tension, and even the quality of the game seemed to only improve as the movie progressed. By the end I was already sitting on the edge of my seat, holding my breath, waiting for it to end. I know that I used a few cliches in this post, but I was literally on the edge of my place. I must point out that the non-linear storyline is fairly easy to follow. This is not the movie in which you will hear the audience asking their friend to explain the plot during the film. <br /> <br /> Everything is absolutely gorgeous, and I doubt that I will have the same admiration for the film if casting were not so perfect. A small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawk are not like brothers, but this is a small trick that I can easily miss. Hoffman was at his best, and some of his scenes with Hawke were positive. Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as Hoffman and Hawke's father) are also very good in the supporting role. Even some cameo performances were so impressive that I still remember every remark, gesture and facial expression of Brian O'Birn and Michael Shannon ?? absolute perfection The scene of the robbery was more authentic than any other cinematic scene of the robbery I have ever seen, and I had the same sense of authenticity in most scenes, especially with Hoffman. Music helped create tension throughout the film, often the same notes were played very effectively. The next day, music was playing in my head, even when I was watching other films. In addition to my minor complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was one plot twist that seemed a bit unbelievable (main spoiler, so I can't describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty damn close to perfect. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen great films at the festival, which I would love to watch a second time, but IT'S DEAD WITH YOUR DEADS in their own league. In addition, director Sydney Lumet appeared before the film and introduced Maris Tomei and Ethan Hawke to the stage. Tomei did not speak, and she acted a little shyly, so Lumet asked: “Can you believe that someone so beautiful can be so shy?” This comment is rather ironic, considering the opening scene of the graphics!
