Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) are tired of fighting for the one who loves most and who dad (Albert Finney) loves more, so they cherish a tangled scheme to rob mom and dad jewelry to keep them clean. debts and start over. Sounds like a great plan, except that it’s a melodic 1970-style tune that the robbery went wrong, and, god, it really isn’t all going wrong for our unfortunate duet and everyone in it. is involved? Written gracefully by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and classically directed by Sydie Lumet, “Before the devil discovers you're dead,” uses the robbery as a MacGuffin to delve into the family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At the age of 83, he apparently made a deal with the Devil for the release of the last great film. In the 1970s, Lumet was at his zenith with films such as Dog Day, Serpico and one of my favorite films of all time, The Network. He somehow managed to make a film that bears all the hallmarks of his classics, while also intertwining some more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and playing with time frames and POV) in a crackling, bright, scanty, vile and provocative melodrama One can only hope that some of the great people of today (such as Scorsese or Spielberg), who appeared during the same decade when Lumet was at the top of his game, will have so much impudence when they reach that age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master in managing people who walk in space to create tension and develop character. When the actors waltz in the beautifully furnished offices and apartments of Manhattan, his slow-moving camera creates a tangible feeling of anxiety, since we never know who might be at the next corner or what this person can do in the next room. It is also surprising how Lumet uses a multiple POV approach and a time frame change. The consistent and classic presentation that he uses makes prodigy films with the same structure Christopher Nolan and Alejandro González Inarritu look like an amateur hour. <br /> <br /> Of course, Lumet is best able to direct amazing ensemble videos and deceive them by acting inches from their life. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been and, most likely, will never be better than he is here. Quietly burning image of Albert Finney about the devoted father, and at the end of his rope - a masterpiece that can be observed. Ethan Hawke, usually a nondescript handsome boy, is ideally suited as an emotionally crippled younger brother who skated for too long in his charms and looks. Nevertheless, the coup is a series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, terribly outlined in the role of his frivolous trophy wife. Lumet runs them through a gamut of emotions that culminate in a scene that is the best of its kind since William Holden scoffed at Beatrice Straight right in the Oscar's Best Supporting Actress nomination on the Web. <br /> <br /> The devil of any wonderful film is in the details: from tapping Albert Finney on the trunk of his car, which will not close due to the bends of the wings, to the look of Amy Ryan (only after her amazing turn in “Gone Baby Gone” ) gives his ex-husband, Ethan Hawk, by his disgusting promise to his little girl, all three know that he will not adhere to the systematic disintegration of the family on the runners, to the dialogue asking the sectarians to quote this (my favorite phrase is threatening "You do not mind if i nazo woo you Chico? ”) to Carter Burwell's excellent score. “Before the devil finds out you're dead” - the film of the year. If something appears better, then we know that several other deals were made with Old Scratch.
