French directors continue to amaze with their extraordinary ability to imitate the images and sounds of ordinary, everyday suburban life. This became apparent with the release in early 2002 of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out), a brilliant study of the character of the descent of a white-collar worker into melancholy after being fired. Like French cinematographers, many of the scenes were filmed on real streets and in public places, creating a sense of true cinema, but L'Emploi du temps also had an elegant appearance thanks to excellent camera work and some stunning local shots. (primarily Swiss mountain retreat). Rightly following this masterful film, there is another impressive French production, a cruel crime critic Jacques Audiard, Sur mes levres (Read My Lips). In fact, to label this film, a crime capersal does him a disservice because it is so much more than that. As in the earlier French release, this is a sharp study of the nature of marginal people who use their wits to advance in a society that has turned their backs on them. In the Paris construction company Carla, a shy, tiny young woman sits at her desk, separated from the office site, which is the main route to xerox machines and toilets. <br /> <br /> Hateful colleagues use Carla's front desk at the table to chat and drink their half-ready cups of foam coffee. Being partially deaf, Carla turns on and off hearing aids at will, if the noise becomes annoying, whether it is the drone of a copy machine or the shrill cry of a friend's child. When her boss calls her office to suggest that she hire an assistant secretary to help her cope with the workload, Carla fears that she might lose her job. In the employment office, Carla lists the specifications that she wants from her assistant (preferably a man), as if she worked at a recruiting agency. He must be 25 years old, he must be careful, possess extensive computer skills and skills in applying documents. When the agency sends an untidy, menacing-looking young man, Carla is shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and have lunch at a local diner, where Carla talks with her future assistant. When she learns that he just got out of prison, Carla initially does not want to have anything to do with Paul, but changes her mind and hires him. Despite the fact that she is mostly benevolent to her assistant, Carla is now in a position of power and has a new-found sense of power. Pavel quickly learns and becomes a capable worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live and even covers him when his parole officer once appears at the office, wondering why Paul missed his assignment. During one of their lunch breaks, Carla tells Paul about his hearing deficiency and reveals her ability to read lips. Later, when a stingy colleague frankly took over the project that Carla was working on, an angry Carla asks Paul to help him take revenge on this man. From this point on, “Sur mes levres” has become an increasingly intense criminal drama, which develops into some of the most brutal graphic scenes that have been shown on the screen in recent years. The script borrows elements from Hitchcock, primarily from the REAR WINDOW, where Carla's talent reading lips comes into full force using binoculars. Between the two main characters there is a teasing again and again sexual attraction, which ends with a rather strange reverence for the NORTH NORTHWEST, but it works because of the considerable sexual heat that slowly accumulates between the two stars. However, what takes away from this film is not so much a resemblance to the classic Hitchcock thrillers, although these elements are definitely present, but a widespread form of the modern city (in this case Paris) where life rules From worldly working days to turbulent, vibrant nightlife where sex, drugs, and laundered money penetrate the lives of several characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a psychological tense yarn, where people look like ordinary men and women on the street, where a blow to the face or groin sounds like a disgusting knock, and an office is a place to be wary of. This is Hitchcock in gloves.
