"The Blob" is considered a cult sci-fi film, not only because it launched the 27-year-old Steve McQueen along the trajectory of a superstar, but also because it used popular themes like alien invasion and teenage crime, which were inseparable in 1950 years, Interestingly, no one in the scripts of Kay Linacker and Theodore Simonson ever mentioned an amorphous scarlet red protoplasm that fell to Earth in a meteor and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown, Pennsylvania, on Friday evening as “Ball . Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, an old western bounty hunter in "Wanted: Dead or Alive", after producer Dick Powell saw this release of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, an attractive girlfriend of McQueen, Aneta Corso, co-starred with Andy Griffith in the Andy Griffith Show as the friend of school teacher Sheriff Taylor Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corso were teenagers, but then real teenagers rarely played real teenagers. Director Irwin S. Yoaworth Jr. made his debut in the directorial film "The Blob". The script Linaker & Simonson synthesized four genres: first, the alien invasion; secondly, juvenile delinquency; the third is the secret of murder and the fourth; horror cooler Moreover, although the gelatinous substance takes various forms, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the eponymous Jell-O does not speak or communicate via telepathy. Instead, he kills without a doubt and discriminates anyone. The tone of "Blob" is quite serious, despite its slightly picky character. <br /> <br /> As the creators of the movie “The Blob” release on the Criterion DVD, the film opens up uncharacteristically for a sci-fi thriller with our hero and heroine in remote rural areas looking and kissing. Jane (Anita Corso) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a large meteor falling to the ground and leave to find him. Meanwhile, the old man finds a meteor and pushes him with a stick. The meteor cracked, and the sticky ligament clung to the stick. When the old timer (Olin Howland from "The Paleface") looks closer at him, he attaches to his hand. An old man with a cry runs out of the crater, and Steve almost hit him with his yalopa. Steve and Jane pick up the guy and take him to Dr. Hallen in town. <br /> <br /> Hallen is ready to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old man to his office. Hallen calls his nurse to return, as he may need to perform an amputation. Of course, Hallen had never seen anything like a substance on a man’s forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes are faced with another group of teenagers who make fun of Steve's fast ride. Steve is fooling him in the backing race, but local police chief Dave (Earl Roe) is letting him off the hook. Steve and the teenagers visit the meteor crater site and find the warm remnants of a meteor. After they visit the house of the old man and rescue the dog, the teenagers broke up for an eerie night movie, while Steve and Jane returned to the office of Dr. Hallen. During this time, a drop completely swallowed the old geezer, killed Hallen's nurse and attacked the doctor. Neither the acid thrown into the protoplasm, nor Hallen's shotgun does not affect the drop. Steve glimpses a drop absorbing Hallen. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to report an incident, Dave is frankly incredulous, and Sergeant Bert (John Benson) thinks this is a joke. Bert has an ax to grind with teenagers because his wife died when someone hit her car. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane take them to Hallen’s office, but they can’t find any skin or hair, but Dave admits that the office has been destroyed. Against Sergeant On the advice of Bert, Dave passes the teens to his parents. Before Steve and Jane managed to fool their people, they believed that they were sleeping tightly in bed as they again went out into the street. They go to the city and see the dog of the old man who ran away from them in front of the supermarket. When they go to pick up the fool, Steve gets up in front of the doorway of the grocery store, and it opens. They find no one inside, but they face a drop. Steve and Jane take refuge in the freezer, and the drop does not attack them. Later, after their escape, Steve convinces the teenagers who challenged him in a street race to warn the authorities, because he must be at home in bed. Police Chief Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket. Steve is trying to convince Dave that a drop in the store. At about the same time, a blob kills a cinematographer and attacks viewers. Suddenly, a crowd of people leave the theater, and Dave believes in Steve. Steve and Jane find themselves behind the dining counter, which is attacked by a drop. The owner and our heroes are in the basement, and Steve discovers that the fire extinguisher with its frozen contents causes the clot to retreat. <br /> <br /> Authorities collect every fire extinguisher in the city and freeze the clot. The Pentagon sends a command to deliver a drop to the North Pole. As the remains of the drop descend to the polar ice, at the end a ghostly giant question mark appears. Producer James B. Harris received serial military shots of the Globus military transport aircraft with the deposit of a parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> “The Blob” was a blow to the driver, and Steve McQueen raised the popularity of the film added momentum. If you're not underage, this little horror movie is not at all scary, but Yeaworth and his writers create enough paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show how a drop actually assimilates its victims, and leave it to your imagination, so the “Drop” is not without a drop of subtlety.
