I first watched it a few years ago on the now defunct Sicilian TV channel; Surprisingly, the film appeared because of the expensive DVD from Criterion: not being sure what I did with it initially (despite the fact that it has reached a cult status over the years, the achievement itself is clearly seen with modesty even by fans of the genre) I decided not to make a purchase ?? as is the case with a similar and unfamiliar FENDER WITHOUT A FACE (1958). However, I recently managed to purchase a BLOB through a copy of a Spanish DVD, which, interestingly, was ported to two audio tracks from the Criterion Special Edition, but unfortunately, I could not turn off the Spanish subtitles during the playback of the main function! In any case, looking at the film in a new way, I was surprised at how much I liked it (despite the many shortcomings of the narration, which I will talk about later) ?? as a pure example of the carelessness of the B-movie (atypically filmed in a pleasant color) and a time capsule illustrating the social attitudes of the late 1950s. The male role was an early role for Steve (n) McQueen, and although the actor may have looked at it with contempt afterwards, his only contribution to the genre turns out to be quite attractive: not against juvenile blows, but still essentially decent (and, more importantly, altruist) baby. Special effects depicting a slimy and expanding creature are not so bad in their own way and period; the film itself rises to a good height ?? starting with the invasion of the monster in the cinema (“DAUGHTER'S DAUGHTERS” [1953/7], as I recently mentioned in the review of this film, but with a curious display of “inverted” and, by the way, what sequence will be shown at the opening of the satirical Italian program) called "Blob"!). As for the admittedly minor quibbles that I have with the film: the monster is not shown traveling? he just appears in different places, and no one has ever seen him! over-emphasis (tantamount to stuffing) is stumped on the police scratches of children; stupid for a city doctor to shoot a blob ?? as if the liquid, whatever its proportion, can be destroyed by bullets! equally meaningless is the fact that teenagers warn citizens about the danger, making door-to-door visits (especially considering that at this stage only McQueen really saw the monster in action)! In 1972, the worst sequel, BEWARE THE BLOB!; was the original redone in 1988 ?? I watched it not long ago, but it seems that it did not make an indelible impression on me (although I know that Michael Elliott loves it). For the record, I will follow this preview with two more collaborative efforts of director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
