Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail, and others have pushed French director Claire Denis into the highest echelon of the world's most unique and experienced filmmakers, and her 2004 film The Offender (L'Intrus) complements her portfolio. The film is a cinematic poem that conveys the mood of constant loneliness and loss. He gives an idea of ​​the psyche of a person who is deteriorating physically and mentally, and who travels to different parts of the globe in search of ransom and peace, but it is difficult for him to come in, “The Offender”, based on the memoirs of Jean-Luc Nancy about heart transplantation, presents is a film with such unbending opacity that even after two views it is difficult to describe it differently than with subjective, impressionistic terms. <br /> <br /> Louis Treboror (Michael Subor) is a man in his seventy who probably dies from heart disease and, like Professor Ingmar Bergman “Strawberry,” tries to reconcile himself with the mistakes of his life while he has time. It is clear that he is physically strong and very rich, but he seems emotionally exhausted, and his expression expresses quiet humility. Although we see only one episode of violence, when he gets out of bed in the middle of the night to kill the intruder, he has an ominous feeling. He may be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent, or a killer. <br /> <br /> In any case, he seems to be under some kind of observation and behaves like a person who committed a criminal offense and only now was able to see the consequences. Close-ups of the face throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a hut in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border, and he has an estranged son Sidney (Gregoire Collin), whom he has long neglected. Sydney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Keil) and their two children. In one exponential scene, he meets his father on the street and calls him crazy, but this does not prevent him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guard, who gets into the van with a trained dog to sniff the smuggling. When she comes home, her husband greets her, who mockingly asks her if she has "anything to say?" In addition to these three people, people and circumstances that we see during the rest of the film can only exist in the imagination of Louis. Louis has three women in his life, and we meet them all in the first half hour of the film: a pharmacist (Bambou) who prepares his medicine, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who is a dog breeder who refuses to take care of his dogs when he goes away on the trip, telling him that they are just as crazy as he is and the young Russian organ dealer (Katya Golubeva), who, he says, wants the "heart of a young man." <br /> <br /> Steadily, she pursues him throughout the entire film, but this, apparently, is only in his mind. In the final section of the film, Louis goes to South Korea in search of a heart transplant and to Tahiti to deliver a gift to another son, whom he has not seen for many years or may have never seen. His heart transplant, however, seems to be a metaphor for a person without a heart, a person whose life was fascinating, but ultimately purposeless, intruding into the lives of other people with little real sympathy. The Intruder contains the obtrusive soundtrack to Stuart Steeples' guitar from the Tindersticks group, reminiscent of Jim Jarmusch's guitar riff in The Dead Man, and Agnes Godard’s excellent Denis Regular cinematography. <br /> <br /> Godard creates unforgettable images Mood of sadness and regret: the heart beats alone in the snow, the baby in a sling looks at the father for two minutes, the child’s expression gradually changes from sullen to half-smile, color streamers are blown from the newly-made massage ship in the dark room of the mysterious Korean masseuse and the endless expanses of the ocean, visible from the waving deck of the ship. While the intruder may be disappointing due to his elliptical nature, Denis forces us to react on our own experience in order to understand the images on the screen on a very personal level. If there is any topic, you can find a hint in the opening that tells us what is revealed in parts in the film - “your worst enemies are hiding in the shadows, in your heart”.
