My view on this, at our local festival, where people saw me so often that they considered me a better source than I could be, began with a shaking of the head: “Well, I can't sum up the plot, but this is really an excellent study of the character extremely scary person. "Then, slightly embarrassed, I ran into someone who really knew what had happened, that is, from whom Trebor unwittingly gets his new heart. It was my last film in a long day in the middle of the festival. Maybe I fell asleep. the better the film is, the more likely it is that it evokes dreams that make me really dream. I don’t know I knew that after it was over, O'Henry had pain from the pain, and he knew that it was connected to the heart, hence a quiet, cheerful search for talent. My comment about the loss of a conspiracy was more connected but with the intricacies of Trebor’s connections in France, his relationship with the dog, and so on, the things I woke up with. Denis hardly looks at the details that could reinforce the attitude of another director. <br /> <br /> But I too often I write these things from memory, especially festival films, films whose DVDs I don’t have at hand (Le Lait de la Tender humaine is one of many examples.), and the twists of the plot disappear much faster than wider impressions. Nevertheless, or already, L'Inrus in my memory is something more than a study of the nature of a kind of superman of the dark side, a super villain not enclosed in genre or historical attributes, but active and believable, relatively quiet, movable, but patient right among us. The scar, as soon as it reaches it, makes it, I mean, visually, a kind of hybrid of Frankenstein, an insane doctor and creation in one. Real doctors are his tools. If he does not remove and install the heart himself, it is only because it is impossible. He is always a force, a parasite that absorbs everyone it touches, and, finally, itself. What else is he? To assume that it is we, the First World against the Third, seems too simple, since it is no less fed by its brethren from the First World, all of us. <br /> <br /> Denis's camera look — when he looks at things that I know — usually goes where mine is, so I tend to trust her when she looks at things I don't know. Trekking on snow, too fast a bike and dark in the forest, which I knew in small ways, but there are no southern seas at all, so I’ve better penetrated L'Intrus, both in France and on the crystal islands of its end, than in Bo Travail. For me, L'Intrus is a very comfortable movie. This is a sequence of places depicted familiarly, with intimacy, which allows us to know them, whether we have seen reality or not. One image, Trebora's cycling, its massive weight on a thin racing frame, the sounds of broken air and tires screeching, asphalt tape, evergreens in the dark in the bright sun, told me that the film would be linear, the road trip, the only thrust driven by will. <br /> <br /> Despite the personal strength of Trebor, he is a human failure. No matter who he is with, he is alone, although apparently he was not always there. His body interrupts life twice: you first need a new heart, and then, despite it. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is pride. <br /> <br /> I move dangerously along the thread of what I remember. Let's leave it at that.
