The film "Bicycle Driver" Sammo Hung, 1989 is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I have to agree to some extent, because the film in its best parts really becomes as unbelievable and fantastic as any other film in Hong Kong. This is a combination of pretty good and well-written dramatic plots, interesting and responsive (and also not sympathetic) characters, some really funny humor and really excessive hyper-kung-fu, which is guaranteed to make many jaws fall out when someone isn’t Familiar In Hong Kong, a movie watches a movie just as it does to experienced enthusiasts of a unique industry. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung are playing two drivers who live in Hong Kong in the middle part in the last century, I think. They drive their taxis and are in desperate need of love. Sammo is interested in the local girl baker Ping (Nina Li Chi), and Max once meets the mysterious and beautiful Fenni Yuen Kit-Ying, whom he is madly in love with. Many other characters also get to know each other, and they remain quite clear all the time if the viewer really concentrates on the film and its plot, so I cannot say that the film is confusing because it can be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! Soon we learn, for example, that a ruthless gangster family terrorizes the neighborhood and, of course, their violent actions also affect our main characters, and therefore a prerequisite was created for some of the most incredibly choreographic episodes of the fight against kung fu. And also some good drama. <br /> <br /> The film has a great cast. All these roles are very good and restrained (not so terribly excessive actions and “humor”, as, for example, in Sammo's other great Eastern Condors (1987)), and thanks to a carefully written script they are also quite pleasant and simple. identify yourself with. Cast many familiar faces and directors of HK films in small roles, such as Corey Yuen Kwai (the legendary fighter and director of films such as Savior of the Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in the Dragon's Den, and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2 ), masterful composer Lowell Lo Kun-Ting (“The School of Killers and Ringo Lama John Wu is on fire and the prison is on fire and many others, including the driver Pedicab!”), veteran Shou Liu Jia Liang (who has a fierce fight with sticks with Sammo ), Alfred Cheng Kin-Ting (director of the dark classics HK Noir On the Run since 1988), the late great Lam Ching Ying (known for his friendly m face in various comedies of horror / kung fu / comedy) about vampires - just a few of them. Actually, the cast of the Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've ever seen in any other HK production. <br /> <br /> There are several interesting moments of peace in the film, in particular, about the love affair between Max Mock and Fennie. Yuenu and one crisis, they confront due to the nature of Lowell Lo. They really could have made it a completely serious work, if they wanted the discussions about human values ​​and the meaning of love, no matter what your past is or what you did for life, become so serious and really effective in the middle section that the film immediately getting much more remarkable than our regular kung fu actor. Also, the efforts of other characters to cure things are very touching and delightfully tell about the right human relationships and friendship and, of course, love. Nevertheless, I think that what Fennie tells Max (about the future “bad cooking”) is not very necessary and, unfortunately, rather effectively reduces the potential of the entire segment and its themes. <br /> <br /> But then we get to what the filmmakers were most interested in. This action, outrageous and excessive action. The fight scenes include the traditional kung-fu, some sticks, meat woodcutters and the like, and they are used here as hysterically as in the most stunning kung-fu scene I've seen in any movie, Drunk Master II, Jackie Chan (1994) they are really so cool! There are wires, and they are used very cunningly, and people literally fly to the opposite corner of the room when they are kicked or punched. Just amazing, and again what only Hong Kong cinema can offer. In addition, dangerous stunts force the viewer to hold his breath, because the film has one sequence of races on fast cars and pedicabs, as well as various dangerous-looking jumps and meandering bodies flying through the air and crushing with force in a heavy direction. However, the filmmakers do not seem to “accept” the violence on the film, since Sammo, like the late Bruce Lee, is ready to surrender after the final killing mess at the gangster villa, and I think this kind of moral doesn’t matter How obvious or Superficially it can be good even in such a harmless film as this one, since the movie is meant for much more than just brainless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The film also has some very witty pieces. humor, that I am not sure that everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) will understand or like it at all. The gay Star Wars gag at the start is definitely one of them, and it literally made me laugh when I realized what I was seeing. Also, some funny scenes are created from Sammo's passion for Ping. Nevertheless, the greatest, filled with astonishment laughter rang out during the scenes depicted in the former pharagraph, when the images of big and tall men flying with enormous power above the screen to the walls or furniture are just insane and so breathtaking that I just can not hide my feelings Thoughts about these Oriental directors when I see something like that, and this, of course, is only a positive and grateful reaction. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is one of Hong Kong’s most incredible racing films I've ever seen, and easily among Sammo’s greatest achievements. If there were a few minor flaws, this could be rated even brighter and higher. 8/10
