This is a gentle, quiet comedy of the 1950s. Kim Novak belongs to the Manhattan witch family. She bewitches neighbor Jimmy Stewart out of boredom, but eventually falls in love with him, losing her strength. You see, witches are allowed to have “hot blood,” but not love. Elsa Lanchester - Aunt Novak, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is her brother, the same. Hermione Gingold is the main witch, and Ernie Kovac is Sydney Redlich, a writer who specializes in writing articles about witches. <br /> <br /> I described it as a comedy from the 1950s, because it could hardly be taken for something else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from the scenery, the wardrobe and the plot to the performances and the direction. Take the hero Ernie Kovack. He is called "drunkard and psycho." And this is how the film demonstrates these traits. He asks for a second drink, and although he always wears a jacket and tie, like other gentlemen, his hair is a bit long and tousled. This is strictly a version of the 1950s drunkard and psycho. There is nothing inappropriate; everything is clean and dust free. The soles of Jimmy Stewart shoes are almost faded. <br /> <br /> Zodiac Club where witches hang out. This is called a “low dive.” Nevertheless, it is a pure dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, neatly dressed by clientele and plants in pots against the background of bare brick walls. This is not my idea or your idea of ​​a “low dive” - even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​immersion in Greenwich Village is Julius, or the White Horse Tavern, or San Remo, or the Swing Date, which is now non-existent. Lesbian party Zodiac Club - this is a great immersion compared to them. <br /> <br /> We hear about the oddities of which we always hear, by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is strange, because she runs around her apartment barefoot. And she wears a lot of black clothes, like the beatniks of that time did. <br /> <br /> But still. This is a nice romantic comedy. Kim Novak acts like Gillian, who runs a shop of primitive art for the disabled. She has a strange beauty, bulky and unearthly at the same time. It slips, rather than walks, a subtle presence. Her eyebrows appear drawn with a set of plastic French curves. And Jimmy Stewart is pretty good as an astonished and enchanted victim. In the 1930s, he usually played in light roles. In the postwar years and during most of the 1950s, he was the tortured protagonist, but here he uses his early experience in comedy with benefit. Who could stop laughing when Hermione Gingold makes him put on a scarf and drink a disgusting mixture of putrid liquid to cure him of Novak's spell? It is nice to see in him a puppet instead of the evil and indignant person whom he threatens to become. Richard Quine directs the film calmly, without fireworks and special effects, and does some interesting things that could not be in the play. Notice the scene in which Novak casts a spell on Stewart when the face and ears of a Siamese cat seem to merge with Novak's startling eyes. <br /> <br /> Ernie Kovac in the 1950s was a famous television character. There has never been anything like the Ernie Kovak Show, either before or after. This is reminiscent of the word "surrealism". He could deliver five minutes of wordless and indescribable stunts in a deserted room, where only the Concerto for the Bartok Orchestra was as background. And he made an impeccable sketch, using the character Percy Dovetail, the unfortunate poet. The authors seem to be missing the “Condolis Brothers”, but this is rather coincidental because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were masterly trumpeters with an independent career in jazz ensembles. Later, Conte was a member of the Doc Severison band on the Late Show by Johnny Carson. <br /> <br /> The third act is a bit demanding and becomes more “romantic” than a “comedy”. But it is never boring. The entire film moves as carefully as a Van Druten play, and children will probably also enjoy it.
