I can watch B, B & C and feel all the emotions that I experienced when I first saw him at the age of 18, maybe all but one. Of course, Miss K. Novak has not lost a single silky charm for almost half a century. She thought Diana Dors. All thinking young people, who are now collecting their pensions, can for a short time restore hearty hold, constricting collar, pulsating blood that they felt when she looked them straight in the eyes on those days when they were told that they had never been OK. Now, huddled with cold and afraid of being robbed by a robe, they run home as quickly as their arthritic knees can take them out of the video store, relatively happy with the certain knowledge that in the fourth closed comparative security of their fourth - the floors of a multistory building in which they they can return only a small fragment of their lost youth and, perhaps, reflect that love is really eternal. This film is Miss Nowak's Golden Moment. She eagerly grabbed him and showed tremendous lust in combination with the hypnotic awareness of her sexual attractiveness, and despite all this, she convinces us that her character has a strange and alluring innocence. She completely dominates the gracious Mr. J. Stewart, who seems resigned to handing her a film. Mrs. E. Lanchester and H. Gingold offer comic relief along with Mr. E. Kovach, whose special talents are strictly forbidden. He is a hipster, the kind that disappeared as soon as he realized that his existence was recognized as mainstream. Some of the more hardcore bits reinvented themselves as hippies in a few years. Of course, they became figures of fun by 1958 and Mr. Lemmon does not seem to be too concerned about restraint in depicting him. But everything else is just frivolous, Miss Novak - bathing in a particularly beautiful spectrum of Technicolor - is the only meaning for “Bell, Book and Candle”. He survives, his reputation is improved, as the ultimate showcase for one of Hollywood's most beautiful women. Favorite by moviegoers, ignored by critics, Miss Nowak will continue to fascinate with this mysterious smile, all the while thinking that the old people have the strength to press the “Play” buttons on their DVDs. One day, probably after we all leave, she will be discovered by a new generation, which - belatedly - realizes that it is possible that a woman will be fully dressed and sexually attractive at the same time.
