John Van Druten's Bell, Book and Candle is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about the sabbath of modern witches living in New York; it was obviously an attractive feature of the film. She had a starring role for Gillian Holroyd, for her former forcibly published book publisher Shepard Henderson and her family and a circle of crazy people, including the bewildered Shep's bride, the hated Merle Kittredge, against whose chances with Shep Gillian begins her magic spell. He even had a Pyuacket, a Siamese cat familiar with timely meows, Sidney Redlitch, a skilled wizard with cruel claims and bad manners. In short, his producer seemed, perhaps, the magic of box office. And so it turned out. So many things were right in its production, there was only one element in it, not perfect; but I found that everything else was funny, charming and very exciting. To begin with, the screenplay by Daniel Taradash retained the best qualities of a beautiful theatrical piece, but opened his scenes to include Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene. The technical production was excellent, with the cinema of the legendary James Wong Howe, the wonderful score of George Dunning, the more than clever décor of Louis Georges and the dresses of Jean Louis. The attractive cast includes Wolf Barzell, Howard MacNier, Janice Ruehl as Merle, Ernie Kovach as Redlich, Jack Lemmon as Jillia’s naughty brother, wonderful comedians Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Jingold as other witches and sweet Kim Novak in one of her the most touching roles such as Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was an imperfect element in my judgment; he did a good job with the comedic roles of his role, but he was never as convincing as the New York book publisher, and still too old for the role of Henderson. But director Richard Quine used subtle lighting, tempo changes and unusually composed shots to show the weirdness of episodic parts of the film, leaving other episodes very vivid, but direct in their presentation. The main crisis of the plot in the film occurs when in fact Gillian falls in love with Henderson, who does not believe in witches at all. She began to simply push him away from his bride, her stuck rival in college. Later, when Henderson tries to leave, he continues to return to her - and realizes that he is bewitched, because she was trying to explain to him in an apologetic way. .. Meanwhile, Sydney Redlich was summoned by an incantation spell to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course, he doesn’t know anything about magic at all, but he is very puzzled and interested to find out why he came to something at all; but Brother Gillian enlightens him. It ends at the end of this romantic satire, when Gillian proves his love for Henderson, losing his strength - that's what happens to the witches when they really love mortals. Of course, he never wanted to resist her anyway. The film has a lively dialogue, charm and a bit of its own "magic" in the Fae charm of witches and torment that Gillian must experience in a battle with herself and win over the man she loves. The beautiful end to this beautifully photographed and unusual novel makes it an amazing realism, albeit fantastic, in my opinion, almost complete. Memoir delightfully.
