The performance “Bell, the Book and the Candle” was a favorite for mature actresses who were filmed in summer promotions and wandered along the road. In one famous story told by director Harold J. Kennedy, Ginger Rogers insists that her then-husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, live with her. Marshall wore a wig, and when he walked through the doorway, his wig caught on a nail and stayed behind, dangling in the doorway as he walked around the stage. <br /> <br /> The game was successfully adapted to a beautiful color. The film starred Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Ermuna Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. This is a light entertainment, about the ordinary family of witches (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stuart), who lives in their building. The most experienced of them is the sultry, soft-spoken Gillian, who would like to be normal. One night, when Stuart was in her apartment, she cast a spell on him using her Siamese cat Pyucket, and he fell in love with her. <br /> <br /> “The Bell Tower and the Candle” was filmed on a charming filmmaker as New York repeats. The film is very funny. Jack Lemmon is very funny in the supporting role of brother Gillian, a musician in the Zodiac Club with sorcerers and witches. He uses his power to turn on and off street lights and turn on a random woman. Janice Roel is ideal as a snobbish former college rival Gillian, currently dating Stewart, and Ernie Kovac has a big twist in the role of an eccentric who writes the final book on witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are always beautiful, the abnormal Aunt Lanchester Gillian and Gingold as a sort of queen of witchcraft. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak fits Gillian, giving the hero a squad befitting a witch. Showing emotions when it becomes relevant, and with such a voice, a fabulous face and a gorgeous wardrobe, she is definitely magical. Stewart, in his latest foray as a romantic leader, together with Novak, acts with him in Vertigo, and they form an effective team. He gives warmth, and she gives coolness, and somehow they flare up together. In this, of course, he is much more elegant than in "Vertigo." A charming movie, good for Sunday, good for Christmas (as part of it happens at Christmas), and great if you want to smile.
