From time to time you come across a film that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of the human emotions that drain you. Vivah is that just what ?? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought that Bollywood had reached its apogee and would never come up with anything like that - NEVER. Boy I was wrong! I went to the store to buy groceries, and decided to pick up this film along with the new “DON” (just so I can compare The Great AB with ShahRukh, although the decision has already been made in my view). After discussing whether I should spend almost 3 hours on a meaningless film, I decided to watch it, realizing that I had nothing more to do. When I saw the “U” rating instead of “A”, I was happy that at least it was that I didn’t have to look at the floor-dressed women with poor acting skills who do nothing but dance at every opportunity, which they get, and they deal with every guy to show that they have more skills in bed than Hollywood actress B. In the first 5 minutes I thought I would end up in a meaningless story with a bad game. In the end, everyone who saw Shahid Kapor knows that he has more than ever achieved his fame as an experienced actor. Boy ?? Was I wrong about this movie. This film captured my interest after the first 5 minutes and never let it go. It was a great film with a good story about the endangered traditions of our society. I liked not only the fact that the director was brave enough to make a film in which the younger generation may not have a relationship to the concept (by marriage), but also that he did it with conviction (that is correct). I have no idea why some people think the game was not good. I felt that acting was great, and although the musical accompaniment could not be considered the best, it was still very good. It's good that this music will grow in public with time, as it happened to me after I watched this movie a second time. Another good thing is that your songs are not inserted into the script, as we have all seen in many films. These songs actually tell most of the story and are certainly a welcome addition. Just as Ajay Devgan went from joking to a great actor (after the company), and Salman found his melody after “Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun”; This film will help Shahid Kappor to become the best actors and artists of Bollywood. This is his first film in which I like him and his role. He acted well and adapted to being a beautiful, beautiful young rich child. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and gaining all points on a dunk, as you saw Shah Rukh in the DDLJ (although he is shown to be an Indian in England - by the way, both countries are not that big in basketball), he really faces true as a person who adheres to his values. Amrita Rao first met someone to remember. In all her other films, she competed with big faces that actually interfered with her. No one knew how good she really was until they watched this movie. Some scenes in which she has to cry, especially towards the end, really show her knowledge and depth of action. Although she was in other films, she is the most memorable in this. I think this film will and should work wonders for her. Move over Rani finally, there is another girl who, if given a decent chance to work with good directors, can take the torch from you. She is beautiful with a gorgeous voice and has a face that exudes complete innocence. Oh, almost 0% body fat won't hurt either (yes, the people I argue with will find even 0.1% fat on it, and unlike many others like Sonali, it can also act). I thought I would never be fascinated by anyone's beauty after Madhuri and the early Kajola, but she completely changed that. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together, and their relationship matched their characters, and they both did a great job (although I waited for Shahid to turn into a girl, as Salman did every time he said “Hum aapkey Hain Kaun”). When I finished watching this movie, he was so emotionally exhausted that I decided to watch this movie again (right away). Yes, right now. I never did that. Even with DDLJ, but in this film was something that needs to be understood again and again. I’ll probably watch this movie for the third time over the weekend to watch and relive the traditions with which we all grew up. I miss the days when families were sitting down and having fun. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what their parents believed. I know that many people think that the film doesn’t depict real life, but deep down we don’t want this to happen. Family, you traditions, love and respect. This is what this film will remind all of us. I assure you, this is a very well-made film that you enjoy. I am sure that some young people will not like this film, but if you are over 28, I doubt that you will become one of them.
