Absolutely brilliant movie! Irri Trnka, master of puppet animation, opposes totalitarianism in this latest film. This would have been banned by the communist Czechoslovak government (at that time), despite receiving the country's highest award for animation. <br /> <br /> In this dark and interesting short film, the artist is trying to create a new pot for his beloved. factory. He happily makes his creations, hoping that his plant will become a beautiful rose. Suddenly he knocks on the door, and a giant almighty hand enters it, which is trying to force the artist to make statues in her likeness. The artist resists as best he can, but in the end he finds himself overwhelmed by the constant attempts of his hand to force him to submit. He is brainwashed; intellectual zombie. At this point, the hand attaches the strings to the artist, puts him in a cage and uses to make hand-made statues. All the while praising the artist's work and awarding him with medals and honors. <br /> <br /> The inner thirst of the artist to be able to freely express his opinion is what helps him defeat ideological treatment and allows him to escape from his prison, whether literally or in his mind, and return to his home where he must now live in constant fear of the wrath of an almighty hand. He closes, thinking that he is beyond the reach of an omnipotent hand, but in the process, he raises his plant and pot high, hoping that he is beyond the reach of his hand, and it eventually falls on his head, killing him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear that he had to put up with when he ran away. After death, the hand draws the artist as a great man, a national hero. Unfortunately, not in those circumstances or for reasons that the artist would like to be remembered. <br /> <br /> Trinka condemns a totalitarian society and his lack of freedom of speech is dark, damn, and surprisingly lively. Not surprisingly, the government has banned this, because this is the kind of media that people admire and may even listen to. This was clearly not acceptable. An amazing example of the civil disobedience of artists and its influence. And it is still very relevant today for many parts of the world, from the USA to the Middle East. Must see and definitely 10 out of 10! Talk about leaving with a bang!
