At first I didn’t like the movie, because it’s the drama of the Nazi swastika. But after I bought it and looked, everything was not so bad. I have heard so many complaints that the numbers are short, and Ilse Werner does not sing. Now I got it. The radio show was a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara, as well as Rudy Shruki and a band like Kurt Widman and his Orchestra and Fud Cantics ex cetera never appeared on radio shows, because the singers and bands were from the category of pop jazz and swing. The club leg regulated that for trips to the occupied areas for soldiers on shortwave radios for soldiers, as well as for nightclubs and hotels in Berlin and Hamburg and only for sales of records. That's why Ilse was not allowed to sing in this picture. It would be made from a musical with an average budget, “Make Music”, 1942, in which she would demonstrate her whistle. But this is a great example of propaganda. Inge and her aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Vust, are sent to the 1936 Olympic Games. Aunt forgets her tickets, so Inge has to wait until her aunt returns with tickets. She meets Karl Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with him, and this is love at first sight. they plan to marry, but the Spanish war prevents him, so he must complete the task against the right side. Karl Raddatz, since many people complained about him, was really beautiful and uneasy. When he did the Opfergang, and they put a mustache on him plus his own tan, which made him look good. You see that Nazi soldiers behave normally, like a scene in which a former butcher and his troops are in France, and they steal pigs from a farm and they are going to cook dinner until their leader offers to save the pigs. This reflects the extremism of the rights of animals of Adolf The character was a butcher, and now a soldier. It was barely perceptible against meat consumption. At the end of World War 11, Herbert flew a German plane. We shoot one of the pilots so that Herbert can take over. We shoot his plane. They fail. Unfortunately for us they survive. Another one saw Nazi soldiers enter the Catholic Catholic Bomber Church, now they are Catholics, and Hubert Helm’s best friend, played by Joachim Brenneke, begins playing the organ, Bettovene. More bombs come from us, more bombs from the Church, the soldier continues to stay and play the organ, which he is ordered to leave. We end up wounding him. A propaganda message? The Catholic church organ makes it dependent on him. It hurt him. See? By this time, Inge played with Hedwig Bleibteu with her mother or grandmother, the same German actress-grandmaster who played aunt Maria Holst in the film “Weiner Blut”. Well, later we will talk about the radio program. It was not intended for a musical revue, such as Cora Terry, released in the same year as Rosen in Tyrol. Music, as well as their side of the war, should have been just a retreat. Basically it was a military romantic film. It’s easy to shoot a soldier in a film, but in real life many of these soldiers were forced to fight the Nazi cause, the reason for the job and the monthly salary they receive. Many of those who survive the war will regret it. This is a good classic swastika. The only problem is that today you have neo-Nazi and Nazi skinheads who watched the same films to reflect their worship of Hitler and them. They have disturbing websites that use these classic films to raise money for their madness. Be careful, most of the time this is the direct hatred of only the classics. If their script looks like they glorify him, then his Nazi website skips it. Go to IHF or German war movies dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video points. They are legal. 01/23/10 Mada mistake, it was not Herbert's friend who was killed in the church. It was a friend of the character of Malthé Yager Schartzkop.
