Anton Newcomb and Courtney Taylor are friends, both are leaders in their groups; Anton from the slaughterhouse of Brian Johnstown and Courtney with Dandy Warhols. What is interesting about their friendship is that they are rivals; this is a love, hate relationship. Sometimes you both hear them praise each other, but the next second they complain about how stupid and self-absorbed they are. While Dandy Warhols achieved commercial success, BJM is still stuck on the underground scene; and for good reason. <br /> <br /> Spotlight on Dig! more in relation to Anton and BJM, since they have much more substance. They are the most disadvantaged groups. During the concerts they will fight and beat each other. Anton will hit other participants if he feels that they are not working correctly. With the amount of drugs they consume, alcohol has always been waiting for a fight. You know how people go to car races to see if a huge car accident happens; That's why people went to their concerts, to fights. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always thinking of himself as a musical messiah, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he can never get out of the underground. He is a very talented musician, it’s just amazing how many instruments he can play with such skill. But his flaw is that he cannot escape the world he created; a prolific musician stuck in a black hole with drugs, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, Dandy Warhols had its own problems. They did not achieve much success with their first album and constantly struggled with their label. But they found great success in Europe. But Courtney continues to return to the world of Anton. Interestingly, both Anton and Courtney had what another needed. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented, like Anton, although Anton would not have said this, he needed the commercial success that Dandy had to make a revolution. <br /> <br /> During the seven-year course, the film crew followed these two groups, there is a lot of material. Dig is never boring. He is constantly moving, because he doesn’t have time to slow down, as he says a lot, seven years of storytelling in 1 hour and 45 minutes is hard work. Ondi Timoner did a great job by putting together one of the best musical documentaries that makes you always want more. Even if you don't like bands, they still deserve to be seen; he transcends music, revealing a great success story. <br /> <br /> You will not be disappointed.
