An excellent documentary, supposedly about friendship and subsequent rivalry between two West Coast rock and roll bands: The Dandy Warhols and Brian Jonestown Massacre. In fact, this is a portrait of a border psychopath - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, there is almost no music for a music documentary. The fact that there are - scraps of songs, most often not interrupted by the performers, are more likely random than central. Although the main characters are musicians, the story does not tell about music, but rather about the American version of the British myth about a cartoon way of life, that is, that no one should be responsible for behaving like spoiled teenagers on an ongoing basis. Tantrums, drugs, violence, extremely dysfunctional relationships, egomania on a truly epic scale - all this is justified or positively encouraged, because it corresponds to some generally accepted idea of ​​what rock and roll is. Like a film, this is a first-class documentary, but it raises more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and outrageous (and he is wild and outrageous) his music never seems to have developed further than the most obvious passages from his 60s idols (Stones, Velvet, etc.). For someone who claims to be able to play 80 instruments, he never bothered to learn how to play any of them beyond the most elementary level. Likewise, Dandy Warhols ambitions are based on a vision of rock and roll, which stunned petrified in 1969. Of course, there is nothing bad in plastics, but, undoubtedly, in the musical life there is something more than the constant working out of caricatures of the late 60s. Why don't they risk their music the way their role models did? Because, as you suspect, this is not about music. Music is just an accessory, a prop, or an excuse to lead a completely dysfunctional and irresponsible life. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: earn a lot of money and be famous. Big deal Anton Newcomb's case is more interesting. He is obviously very talented, but every time he is given the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it, as a rule, in the most dramatic way. He is terrified of success, and at the same time deeply offended at all who he has, especially his former friends Dandy Warhols. Fascinating movie. Highly recommended.
