A documentary about two rocks covering several years. Massacre of Brian Johnstown and Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is the study of complex contrasting personalities and the irony of success and failure. <br /> <br /> Anton Newcomb, the protagonist of Brian Jonestown Massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only because of his colleagues, his friends and competitors Dandy Warhols, as well as the producers and most of the people who worked with him. Unfortunately, he and his band members are also not able to integrate into the real world. Newcombe selects fights with band members on stage or with an audience (in one place he is arrested for literally beating a fan in the head). Newcomb knows no bounds ?? he plays from 40 to 100 different instruments, writes and produces all BJM music, can create enough songs to fill an entire album in one day, has a prophetic obsession with his own musical genius, but also uses hard drugs, becomes enraged by the slightest compromise with his own artistic integrity, orders the members of his group that they are the lowest forms of life, and can make deals as quickly as he makes them. BJM pass through a large number of record companies in quick succession? they sign them as soon as they realize Newcomb’s talents, and they let them go as soon as they realize that he is completely out of control. <br /> <br /> Warhols recognize their duty to the work of Newcomb and do not even put themselves in the same exalted sphere of greatness ?? But Varchols have something that BJM doesn’t have ?? ability to combine their talents with common sense, the real world and their market ?? as a mixture of talent (even if most of it is produced by guru Newcomb) and accessibility, this very definition is "cool." Dig the ground! follows the parallel career of the two groups with increasing urgency. At some point, Newcomb performs tricks designed to create ads, sending obvious death threats and messages hating Warhol (in a box containing live ammunition and insults, such as a bar of soap, “to clean up your actions”) ?? only he forgets to tell them that this is a trick, and they are so paranoid that they endure a restraining order against Newcomb. By the time Dandy Warhols take off in Europe with hits like “Every day should be a holiday” and “Bohemian like you,” Newcomb is becoming more isolated. BJM stopped and the group disintegrates when they are arrested for possession of marijuana ?? Warhols are arrested for drugs at about the same time, they are released with a warning and even allowed to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> The wider DiG! The fact is that genius lessons versus accessibility go far beyond the two bands or even rock music. The disadvantage is that it is still a documentary, albeit an intimate one, and it will mainly attract only loyal fans of the cinema or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the groups represented. Newcomb may well be a largely unrecognized genius, and there are fleeting glimpses of this in the film, but for the imprudent hearing there is little more than the statements of the respondents confirming this. According to one of the band members: “In every spiritual tradition, you burn in hell because you pretend to be God and cannot support it.” Newcomb not pretending ?? but numerically, perhaps there are still not enough people to appreciate it in his own life, and DiG! has a hard struggle to correct the balance in favor of the tortured, but mostly unrecognized genius.
