I watched this movie with my entire family of the Nine. Since my younger brother recently got married, we have been able to communicate. The film stands out with a classic touch of the romance of an engaged couple. Fortunately, this time all Indian locations were used, such as Ranikhet Almora, etc., which have already been visited by the majority of city dwellers, which adds to the connection with the cinema. Dialogues are much better than in Umrao Jaan Ada, a film supposedly based on dialogues. Background music enhances the film’s “soft focus”. It somehow reminds me of “Karib” V.V. Chopra, in which Neha and to some extent Bobby fully paid tribute to the character. The same here, in that the leading couple does not disappoint in any appearance or in action. Auxiliary actors are too good. I appreciate the actress playing the role of Bhabhi in the league. The described situations of family interactions are real, and you smile, being in the place of one of the characters. The songs were too suitable for the scenes and matched well with the film. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for his work in cinema from Ramayana, I missed Ram Laxman greatly. <br /> <br /> There were no double participants in it (Sivan category), no bikinis, no intrigues and nonsense. You would love to watch a movie with your parents, except when you are already or are going to be engaged. Here I want to express frankness that, although Suraj proposes to enter into marriages between families, and not just between people, his approach is completely individual. The film is only about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are random. Does art imitate life? "Peripheral symbols" are in the background, and the only characters are the lead pair. <br /> <br /> Returning, everything was almost wonderful. Except for the dramatic part. The situation of the tragedy was created artificially. The result, the sacrifice and the subsequent change of heart are not at all obligatory. That is why he lacks an emotional strike - the very goal of such a turn of events. But the turn of the story was necessary to transcend the film from a beautiful premarital video to a “feature film.” But I kept waiting for the strike, and he never came. The preaching of Monk Bahal, and then of Alok Nath about the dowry was inappropriate, and this made things too overboard. Maybe this will help the film tax-free status. But the plot could be made more interesting and non-linear than it was. <br /> <br /> When the movie ended, I had a question too big: 1 Is the movie really over? 2 Is the movie over?
