<br /> <br /> I’m sure that in real life of Homer Hikam, things are not the same as in the film version of his book Rocket Boys, but in the October Sky movie (an anagram of the book’s title) is good enough to stand in alone I did not read Hikam’s memoirs, but I can still enjoy and understand their screen version. The film, shot by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colic, tells the story of the teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), starting in October 1957. It begins with the sound of a broadcast that brings news about the Russian satellite Sputnik. the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see images of a gray-blue city and its inhabitants: mostly miners working for the Olga coal company. One of the miners is listening to the news on the radio when he enters the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost when he disappears into the dark, losing sight of the starry sky above him. The melancholic violin melody disappears with this image. Then we hear the push of Elvis on the radio when words on the screen inform us about the situation: October 5, 1957, Colwood, West Virginia. Homer and his pals, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), talk about football trials. Football scholarships - the only way out of the city and work in the mines for these boys. “Why are athletes the only ones going to college,” asks Homer. Roy Lee replies: "They are also the only ones who get girls." Homer does not do it in football, like his older brother, so he intended for the mines and follow in the footsteps of his father, like my brigadier. Until he sees a point of light, piercing the October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. “I want to go to space,” says Homer. After a catastrophic attempt involving a primitive rocket and the fence of his mother (Natalie Kanerdey), Homer enlists the support of the know-all Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer: "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer quickly responds: "Everything." Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern), his teacher at Big Creek High School, is very supportive of Homer, and four boys are working on building rockets in Homer's basement. However, his father, whose life belongs to me, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) thinks Homer should not waste his time on rockets, that coal mines are all that matters. Coal from mines is used to produce steel, and without steel the country would be nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most intense relationships I've ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​going to a local science fair, with the opportunity to go out into the countryside and win a college scholarship. “You can't just dream of your exit from Colwood,” she says to Homer. Homer and his friends make their dreams come true by constantly working on rockets, perfecting models with every attempt. Despite numerous attempts, the guys do not lose their resolve. “What are the chances that we will win this science fair,” O'Dell asks in one of their more desperate moments. "A million to one," Homer replies. "It's good?" O'Dell answers: “Well, why didn't you say so?” The music, written by Mark Isham, simultaneously conveys sadness and hope, especially sad at the moment when Homer descends into the mine and loses sight of the sky and his dreams that get out of callwood. The 1950s rock'n'roll rock, including The Coasters and Buddy Holly songs, sometimes pushes instrumental pieces aside, creating a carefree mood that contrasts the life of teenagers with the life of miners. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to set the mood and symbolize. The city of Colwood, shot in the state of Tennessee, is washed blue, gray and brown. It’s as if the dirt from coal sticks to everything — to faces, clothes, houses, and roads. When a couple in a glittering red convertible car stops to ask the guys for instructions, it is obvious that they are from a world outside of Coalwood and Olga Coal Company. The book about missile development Miss Riley gives to Homer is red. The red color stands out against the gray-blue world of the Coal Tree, to symbolize "leaving", but it is still thin. The reds are fleeting hints of the world Homer only dreams of. Jake Gyllenhaal in the role of Homer Hikam expresses such zeal, hope and perseverance that it is hard to believe that he is not the Homer we see in real shots at the end of the film. Chris Cooper is also extremely believable as Homer's stubborn father, who does not recognize or simply does not want to admit that the mine does not produce enough to support the city. Homer and all who support him in his rocket science know that the city is dying. In the face of the collapse of the community, the only way to stay together is to get together to demonstrate the rocket men. Again, I am sure that everything happened differently than in the film, but what will happen in the film without idealism? The October Sky has enough of it to make it a great movie, and quite damp to make it real.
