The October Sky is a highly valued film, and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand, and many turning points are held down, the actors and actresses do a pretty good job, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and this is a true story. Honestly, I think that the director’s achievements are incomparable with the sparks and warmth that the original story generates. We do not see any special narrative or cinematography; The strength of the film depends largely on the exciting plot and the difficult situation in which the young hero was trapped, and most viewers identify themselves with the characters. We feel Homer's desire to earn the recognition of his father and create his own future, and his resilience gains our respect. "October Sky" reminds me of the subsequent release of the 2001 mini-series in Japan, Rocket Boy, which may be part of the inspiration of this film. In fact, these two works, taken from two different cultures, provide an interesting comparison. When the October Sky reveals the story of a young man shouting loudly about his right to his own fate, Rocket Boy offers a more discredited description, which can sometimes be a harsh criticism of modern society. Starring prominent actor Yuji Oda, “Rocket Boy”, focuses on three ordinary people: a travel agent who dreams of becoming an astronaut, a boastful advertising agent who, on the verge of breaking apart, an inferiority complex resulted from , for example, what Homer feels in his family), as well as a food company employee who is going to get married but is afraid of this idea. Gathered public consciousness imposes its definition of success on its constituents and takes further steps to make them stifle their dreams, declaring that they are impossible. To compensate for the lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works in a tour operator, because it¡¦s called ¡§Galaxy. ¡¨ When his client fails him and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds strength from the words of his father, who decided to become a sailor, but later found life at sea less attractive, as he had supposed. “But I don’t regret it,” said his father, Kobayashi, “at least I tried.” This recognition of his father prompts him to resign and apply for participation in astronauts, despite the fact that he has sore legs and he needs to move in a wheelchair. Kobayashi’s efforts eventually fail, and he returns to the travel agency. But his courage inspires his friends, and everyone loves him more. Shortly before the end of the series, Kobayashi works as a guide in a space camp, designed so that children can learn more about astronauts. After the tour, we see how he leans against a tree, unfolds a sheet of the poster, which he tears from the bulletin board, which says: "Astronauts are wanted in 2004." Kobayashi looks at a piece of paper, laughs and laughs as the child looks at his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi may never get what he wants, but he decides on his fate and ¡§ just does it. ¡¨ This series is so heartbreaking, not because the hero demonstrates any heroic deeds, but his ordinariness and irresistible desire to realize his dream, which makes us surprised and jealous. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show enlightens us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi have a dream, and they do what they can, despite the opinions of other people. I recommend other IMDB users to watch Japanese TV shows. If you are nine years old, you will feel more touched. I’m sorry IMDB doesn’t have its data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
