Based on the facts, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal) who grew up in a coal town in West Virginia, where the boy’s usual fate was to “end up in the mines.” But Homer looked at the sky and loved flying rockets, to the horror of his father miner and to the horror of the citizens in general. Undoubtedly, he and three of his equally rogue friends begin to make rockets, which they fly off shreds of barren land eight miles from the city, in order not to terrorize the community with their often mistaken rockets. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) believe that they are wasting their time. However, people are intrigued and soon begin to flock out in droves to see how the Rakeboys launch their home-made rockets. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and makes them understand that they can become applicants for a national science fair, while a college scholarship will be a prize. Now the gang must learn to improve their skills and overcome the many problems they face when they shoot at the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his films, such as Jumanji and Jurassic Park 3 and October Sky, undoubtedly standing above all his other films. Without a doubt, the October Sky is his best effort and, obviously, his best film. This is not only a true story, shot very well, but even as a film, it has everything that is required for a top-level cinema. And along with Johnston's extraordinary leadership, some exceptional performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 years old when this film was released, and he gives a beautiful and natural presentation. He is the perfect actor. Chris Cooper, like his father, also performs very well. The same goes for Laura Dern, and she looks beautiful. Even the rest of the performances are very good. The background score was ok. A very inspirational film that raises your spirit to the skies. One of those films that definitely inspires you for life. Awesome inspirational movie and lots of fun. Do not miss.
