A simple and effective film about life, meeting the challenges. Homer and his friends took a lot of strength to grow into masculinity, not falling into the trap of the prefabricated future that goes from father to son, become a miner in a local mine and never get out of this fate. Homer and his friends also took three different challenges to win their personal and free future. The test of the first man-made artificial satellite, satellite 1, of the Soviet satellite, milestones in the history of mankind, did not want to miss a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss. Then the task of science and applied mechanics is to compute and develop a rocket from scratch, or more precisely, from what they could put together in books and put it in order in their minds. Finally, the challenge of a world that resists, refuses and tries to force you to return to the pack, even with an untimely accident that forces you to return to the pack because of the simple need for survival, and even then Homer proved that he had the courage to accept the challenge that blocked his own plans and dreams. But there is another side to the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the bearer of the project, but he is also the bearer of the inspiration that he and his friends need. If he is the one who gets a university scholarship, because his friends gave him an advantage, his friends will also be able to stand on their own roads and tracks and get out of the mining fate, thanks to the energy of his inspiring example is set before their eyes. It is sometimes difficult not to follow the example of someone who looks like a beacon on a difficult road. But the film is also effective to show how the father resisted this dream, because for him science was not a real man’s fabric, like miners or football. The fate of the working class, which was so present in the 1950s and 1960s and is still present in some areas, is too often determined by the traditional thinking of the father. If a mother does not have the courage to speak once, the fate of the working class I’m talking about becomes a huge trap. Here, too, the film is effective, and this should make some parents think. Perhaps it was the fourth challenge that Homer had to face: this is the way along the road that was not the one that his own father pointed out and programmed. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques CULARDO, University Paris Dauphin & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
