I lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the movie Prem Prem Ki Deewani hoon, then a year ago I saw commercials for Vivah that looked good. But I did not want to spend my earned money on watching a movie. When the movie was first released on DVD, I rented it, watched it, and I really liked the movie, and I took the words for Suraj. I just finished watching it again yesterday, and this time I decided to review this film. Sooraj R. Barjatya Right this time, well, I was not a big fan of the Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I always loved Manie Pyar kiya, after Manie Pyar kiya for me, I think Vivah is the best work of Barjatyas. I almost never cry to the movies, but this movie makes me cry. If you have ever been in love before, there will be many moments in this film that will touch you, the film is too sweet, and you will fall in love with it, in my opinion, a very undervalued film. <br /> The story of this film, which you could call Desi and very old times, but for me it seemed modern, because two couples who enter into an arranged marriage know that this is an old tradition. This is done now, many people do not believe in this marriage, but I believe. The journey between the engagement and the wedding, which will always be special, and this film clearly shows this. When Prem meets Punam for the first time, they show how this happens, and this is reality, and my parents said that they got married like that, and it showed in such a real way, yes, people like Prem and Punam are found in this film. this is the case with most marriages. It was very nice, you are nervous, but excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows it very well. Returning to the story, yes, this is a journey that you will soon be taking between Prem and Punam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and their families. In this film, a turnaround takes place, which is really good, the last 30 minutes that you all reach for a box of cloths. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so amazing is the chemistry between Prem and Punam, the way they fall in love with it. each other is too sweet A simple guy and a simple girl when they first meet during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe". It is very nice to watch, she says almost nothing, and Prem says everything honestly with her about her past, about the girl he loved and about him. to smoke Then this leads to the fact that they all go on a family trip, and then they really fall in love with each other. It makes you just want to watch the pair and watch all the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam chichi is really angry for her, and you feel sorry for Poonam because she was mistreated and you want to see her happy, and when she finally finds happiness, you also start feeling happy with her, the movie basically makes you fall in love with poonam more than just prem. When she finds happiness through Prem, you want her to remain happy, and also hope that everything goes wrong, because her character is depicted as a cute, simple girl. That brings me to the performances, and Amrita Roa in the role of Punam is great in the film. Her best work ever is to fall in love with this innocent character and implant her in search of happiness. Shahid Kapoor in the role of Prem is also amazing, he is Poonam's support for the film, he is her happiness in the film, together they share amazing chemistry, and I have never seen a pretty couple since SRK and Kajol. If Ishk Vishk has not touched you to say how cute they are together, it certainly will. "Mujhe Haq hai" is a song, and before that they show amazing chemistry. The scenes that touched me were when Prem takes Punama to his room and shows her where they will stop, and he opens it, and there is a moment between them that is too sweet. Again, if you have ever been in love with someone, you can demonstratively connect to these scenes. The film is the sweetest thing you have ever seen. <br /> <br /> The direction is determined, for me a good film is something that can attract me and prevent me from believing what I see in these hours. here is a fake, and there is a camera serving them. This film attracted me to me, and during those three hours I felt really connected with the film. The songs that you really like when you see the movie, as they are songs placed in a situation after I watched the movie, I played songs without interruption! The music is awesome, the story is just awesome, what else can I ask? <br /> <br /> What can I say in the end, rarely do we get a film that makes us feel good, this film after you see, it makes you feel really good and you want to be better. This is, in essence, the sweetest journey ever, does it show you that they are traveling between engagement and marriage, and many people say that this is the best part of your life ?? Well, does this film actually show you how people really say that? Why do people actually say the journey is amazing! Watch this movie and you will understand why the journey is amazing!
