Watching the commercials of this film, I was quite sure that I would hate him. First, it was one of those films, “based on the novel,” which usually means that the author of the book saw the script, hated it and refused to associate with the film. Worse, in the trailer only the most ordinary dazzling dream was depicted (for example, the child splashes a garden hose on his face ... and falls). Therefore, when it came to my younger brother that this was a “must-see” film of the season (of course, he thought the same thing about Cars, Over The Hedge, Ant Bully, Monster). House ", etc.), Admittedly, I was less than excited. <br /> <br /> But once in a theater a movie won me over for various reasons. First of all, the writers captured the" children's dialogues "better, than any other children's film I've ever seen. A prime example of this is that the principal accidentally ate a worm stuck in an omelet. The guys create an overly exaggerated impression of how they lecture, which makes them realistic, because everything little children think (by mistake) that they are mocking their children perfectly by the torturers. Then one of the boys asks: “Why did he say:“ Alley oh ”?” The other boy replies: “Maybe he is crazy!” and the whole group laughs loudly. would come up on the spot, and the same thing as a remark that other children of his age would find ridiculous. As if, to confirm this, my younger brother was laughing right at the cue when they were told on the screen; I could almost hear his voice expressing the exact same lines if he were in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason why the film works is that the writers manage to work on issues such as bullying, kinship, new children at school, and peer pressure / confirmation without forcing any of They seem like they were secondary to some after school specials. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotyped; he is definitely bad, but not pure evil, and it is enough that his home life shows that the audience feels sympathy for him and understands his hooligan background. There is also no moment when Billy (“Worm”) understands what a complete tool he is for his younger brother Woody, and by the end of the film, a slight transformation has taken place. There is some realism in how the characters resolve situations and how they relate to each other, and very few of them seem to be commonplace. <br /> <br /> The only drawback of the film is the absolutely ridiculous dance scene, which even the creators of McDonald's infamous dance party in Mac and Me laughed at. Why was this included in the movie? Austin Rogers (Adam) pulled Macaulay Calkin and refused to take on the role if he was not given a car to demonstrate his impressive dance skills? The entire sequence was definitely not supposed to be there and had a little less comedy value than any other show on the Historical Channel. <br /> <br /> Overall, although this film was excellent, and the duration (about an hour and twenty minutes) was just perfect. One of the best, most realistic live-action children's action movies you’ve ever seen, if you’ve ever been with your children or just remembered how the baby really was.
