I have never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of my place and laughed constantly throughout the film. I never thought that such a terrible game exists, it was too funny. The plot of the film is pretty decent, but they are not portrayed in films. I have never seen such a stupid film in my life, so I think it is worth watching. I give this film 10 out of 10 for the fact that it is the most pathetic film ever created. It seems this film was created solely to become rubbish. I mean scenes that seem so unreal, and the actors behave like a “camera in front of them.” You will get hit, just by seeing how this film sucks, me and my friend could not stop joking during the film, the guy-dartvader who tries to get the girl to knock her down not once, but twice, and the second time when he was shot down it sounded like he said sh! # although he does not speak English lol. If you watch this film, you will think to yourself that all the other films that you didn’t like, you took for granted, they are much better than this one. This film should be watched out of curiosity, and also because of what kind of film DEFINES is lame. The evil serpent met the girl so many times that it was ridiculous, the evil serpent just roared and roared and allowed her to escape every time. The evil snake had so many chances that God tried to say: hurry up and eat the girl, how many miracles you want. The transition between scenes makes you wonder, did I miss something? So many plot holes from scene to scene. I laughed like crazy when they decided to “run to Mexico” to get away from the snake. Hm, by jumping over the border, will you save you from the serpent from Korea? interesting ... very interesting .... I think jumping the border solves all the problems. Another scene that completely stunned me ... they met for the first time and staged a romantic scene on the beach that they kissed and did not even know each other ... the scene was so absurd, and at least in other films it was not important over time this may seem logical, but I mean that they JUST met, although they are reincarnations, and it was felt that they instantly fell in love with each other, and did not evolve. In any case, this film is worth a look to open your eyes and see the light. Bad Hollywood movies will seem like a paradise compared to this. In the end, it is worth seeing how not boring you are, you will be busy criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
