The Hollywood Hotel has links to many films, such as Ella Cinders and Merton from the Movies, about someone who won the competition, including a contract to make films in Hollywood, only to find the way to fame trapped or non-existent. In fact, when I watched it tonight in the films Turner Classic Movies, I thought about whether the authors of the latest music classic Singing in the Rain could take some of their ideas from the Hollywood Hotel, primarily leading a lady with a temperamental star in a film studio and the conclusion that one person sings the score, while the other person deserves recognition by mocking the screen. <br /> <br /> Hotel Hollywood is a fascinating example of film making in the 1930s. Among the supporting players is Luella Parsons, who plays herself (and, despite some negative comments that I saw, she has a very intriguing personality on the screen and a natural command of her lines). She is not the only real person in the script. Makeup specialist Perk Westmore briefly appears in the role of himself, to try to make one character look like another. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first in the career of young Mr. Ronald Reagan, playing a radio interviewer in the premiere of the film. Reagan is really good at his short scenes, especially when he realizes that no one is going to take the microphone when more important people use it. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell won the Hollywood contract contract, and leaves his job as a saxophonist in the Benny Goodman band. By the way, the beginning of the film is quite impressive, as the group goes to the truck parade to say goodbye to Powell. As a result, they sing "Hurray Hollywood." It is interesting that in this wonderful issue the lyrics were specially excluded. Johnny Mercer's texts mention such Hollywood names as Max Factor, make-up king, Rin Tin Tin and even a hint of Tarzan. But the original lyric song is called similar to Tyrone Power. Obviously, Jack Warner and his brothers were not going to advertise Fox’s lead man of the 20th century, and the name Donald Duck was replaced. In any case, the number featured the singers and instrumentalists of the Goodman Orchestra at their best. They did the same thing in the five-minute section of the film, where the band rehearses. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the group and his girlfriend (Francis Langford) and goes to Hollywood, only to find that he is a contract player. (most likely for saxophonist musicals). He is met by Allen Joslin, a studio publicist (owner Grant Mitchell). Joslin is not a bad guy, but he is busy and he is inclined to distract people if there is no need to talk to them. He parks Powell in a room in the Hollywood hotel, where the temperamental studio star (Lola Lane) lives with his father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mable Todd) and her reasonable, albeit cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Gene Hagen in Singing in the Rain, except that her speaking voice is good. Her version of "Dan Lockwood" is "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, the scene easily steals several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not such a good guy as Gene Kelly, and Lane (when she is not immersed in her ego) is fully aware of this. Having a passion for the fact that it will bypass the unusual role that she wanted, she refuses to attend the premiere of her latest film. Joslin finds a double for her (Lola's real sister, Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary came up with a star at the premiere and the next party. But she goes with Powell (Joslin wants someone who doesn't know the real Lola). This leads to Powell knocking down Mowbray when he hurts himself. But the rest of the evening was a success, and when they are together, they begin to find each other attractive. <br /> <br /> Complications related to Lola’s return and beating on Powell’s face after Mowbray complained that Powell had attacked him (“and his gang of hooligans”). Powell's contract bought back. Working with a photographer who became agent Ted Healey (actually not so bad in this film — he even tries at some point to make an imitation of Jolson), both are trying to find work, ending up working at the hamburger counter, which the vicious Edgar Kennedy is in charge (the number of broken dishes and the singing of customers at the restaurant give Edgar enough time to gladly make his slow burns). Ultimately, Powell gets a “break” by being hired by Dupre's singing voice in the Gone with the Wind plagiarism. This leads to the final section of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healy help Powell to show that it is his voice, not Maubrace. <br /> <br /> This is a pretty and attractive movie even now. The worst aspects are related to his time. Several African American jokes are no longer tolerable (trying to photograph Powell when he arrives in Hollywood, Healy accidentally photographs the porter and mentions Joslin to beware, Powell's photos are too dark - do you understand?). Also a bit with Kurt Bois as a clothing designer for Lola Lane, who (let's say) is too excited, which is also not very tolerable. Herbert's “hu-hu” is a bit (too much time), but he was really popular in 1937. And the case when Healy barely misses a fight at the premiere (it was one of his last films) reminds people of the tragic, still mysterious end of a comedian in December 1937. But most of the film is pretty good and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
