The film begins with a mentally retarded girl with bright yellow sneakers, who look at the sky at the corner of the street of Madrid and fascinate a passing plane. The film tells about the lives of five women - Adela, Leira, Marikarmen, Anita and Isabel, who have completely different lives and the choice of shoes. Their footwear is the first superficial one, but at the same time it has some kind of sliding value, which tells us their fragile individuality. In a theatrically embroidered and decorated form, the orthopedist tries to esoterically uncover the deepest secrets of a woman’s soul on the sole of her feet. The premise is risky and slightly contrived, but the tone and depth of the film requires a bold immersion for the good. <br /> <br /> That which could be frivolous and superficial, quickly shifts gear with an excellent dysfunctional scene of the couple, which leaves the viewer chained for several minutes, seeing love or its absence, pain, confusion, hope, needs and escape mechanisms , developing in minutes in different rooms of the house and down to the street and, eventually, below ... What a scene (!), But there will be others equally effective to follow and strengthen the strong characterization and direction shown in this piece life path. <br /> <br /> Moving forward, a woman lost her beloved husband. and inherited his children and his taxi, while the other completely lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost awaiting divorce ?? blame, regret and regret. New love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love a man in the mirror? Can you love someone you can't love? Or think you can not love? Can you love and live life, although it will always be somewhat hopeless? But does not these hopes and dreams keep us safe and sound here? Many deep themes emerge, and the last act unites people and ideas to unite in an existential crisis without a clear decision, a final decision, or effective healing. Perhaps an elusive thought, a fleeting feeling, but a constant assessment of the life, artistry and intellect of the film. Live. Live again. Rewind the coil. Reveal the real, the important; big stones (pederas) of life. The rest is just details.
