I recently returned and watched this movie again because I have not seen it for years. When I first saw the film, I was too young to understand what the film was about. Now that I saw it again, I could not believe that I had missed all these years. For me the opportunity to watch movies as they are, I think this movie was great. Most people think that music is the best part, but I don’t think this is true. Most people do not understand how good the story is because it is judged by action. The truth is that no one in the film tried to act, but simply was himself. The whole main cast just played it themselves. They did not try to be anyone other than themselves. <br /> <br /> I really watched and analyzed the work and effort invested in the film. Now, from my point of view, the situations shown in the film are largely based on what actually happened at that time in Minneapolis, and most of the actual events that actually took place that occurred in the prince’s career and who can say is it better for him? The music that came from the city at that time was beginning to be recognized and become revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential, mainly in the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry", where in fact Prince, among other musicians, began his career. It is also a well-known fact that Prince and Morris Day always competed with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. Thus, the story is mainly based on the competitive aspect of their rivalry, and not on their friendship, which shows the true competitive side of what happened at the First Avenue club for its time. <br /> <br /> Another reason this film is This is due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the film are actually based on events that the prince has experienced in his life with musical and personal aspects. For me, this made the film more realistic than emotions, because he talks about his ordeal and unhappiness in front of a superstar. In addition, his dedication, which he puts into his speeches, is phenomenal. The prince made sure that every moment in the film was perfect. Every time you hear a play in a film, it fits perfectly with the current situation. <br /> <br /> Prince is a brilliant musician, and he repeatedly proved it. This film is what really put the Prince on the map officially, and since then he hasn't slowed down. Anyone who watched this movie or still (incredibly) has not watched it, when you sit down and watch this movie, you must watch it wisely, otherwise you will miss the whole aspect of the movie. If you really love music, this is definitely a movie to watch. Besides the fact that someone else is talking, I think this is a great movie to watch and watch.
