This is one of the best films in recent years from Bollywood. Of course, the best this year so far. Indian in essence, panoramic visual effects, soulful dialogues and melodic and soft music make the film exceptional. The successful display of Indian values ​​and culture makes the viewer look for their roots in them and gives the soul and spirit a sense of pride and new life. <br /> <br /> This film is intended for viewers who enjoy a call for their imagination and philosophical senses. If you like to watch movies in order to excite all your nerves with the help of on-screen actions, sex or terror, then this film is not for you, because you will find that the film is not full of turns at 90 degrees. This is as simple a story for a movie as possible. But this is precisely the art of the film. A person gets a real life experience, and, best of all, he is full of values ​​and hopes. It is about the positive side of life, about the sweet things that God showered with people, and not about regressive films that insist on showing donas, terrorists and criminal worlds. This is not about things and people who have gone bad. It is about goodness, which is still preserved, and which maintains peace. Of course, every movie genre is respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to come up with a film that swims against the flow and tries to open the eyes of the public to hidden realities and truths. <br /> <br /> Having said this, here's another ... <br /> <br /> A film is a journey of a couple from their engagement to their contractual marriage - yes, that's right, this is an organized marriage and a couple will know each other only through parents and learn to love each other. The 6-month gap between engagement and marriage is a long time, not a complete “enticing” event, but one that feeds the growing love and devotion of the couple to each other. Together they recognize the importance of their relationship and this invaluable period of their lives and are working to strengthen the marriage bond. But were they sufficiently fortified? Their relationship will meet the test, not only time, but also fate. Will they pass this test? That's what Vivah is.
