A very underestimated film, which tells about a young musician who finds himself in a constantly decreasing spiral of domestic violence. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it is difficult to watch, and Morris Day is portrayed as a woman-hater, a Prince as a knight on a (motorcycle) horse, he is still called upon to beat a woman twice in the script. That he can do it and still become a mistaken, but justified hero, is a merit for writing. Prins is so free of ego in this film that he not only portrays himself as a narcissistic megalomania that beats women, but his most famous song is invented as written by his father and Wendy and Lisa. Moreover, his two compositions - Computer Blue (admittedly the weakest track of the album) and Darling Nikki - are shown as songs that kill an audience. Perhaps the only concession to the princely ego is a map on which Apollonia (slightly shorter than the prince) is listed as 5'6. <br /> <br /> Almost full cast - mostly band members who play themselves (and reviewers who make a list of actors on terms that they have never appeared in other films, completely miss the point) and do a great job with management. Morris Day receives much of the praise for his cute ham, although Jerome Benton must also earn recognition for bouncing off of him well, especially for their stage act, which is hilarious. Day and Benton even went so far as to make the Abbott and Costello routine ridiculous that it took some effort. <br /> <br /> Finally, there is Prins. Although I confess bias, I truly believe that he is a pretty good actor in terms of his ability to portray a low-key version of himself. Acting NOT in his profession, it was a film created for entertainment, so anyone who points out that the guy in the lead role is not Robert DeNiro, and he thinks they are making a point is sadly mistaken. I don’t want this review to be a mocking attack from other people's comments, but I even have this movie scheduled as having a low budget and a gloomy light. How then will make a film about domestic violence? With fully spotlights and a CGI dinosaur going to frame? <br /> <br /> Does the movie serve as an almost perfect shot of the era of neon light and narrow ties ?? until you remember that it was actually done in the world of curly curls and tin synthesizers, and this is not some kind of retro vacation. Prince's best film with Oscar-winning music, he sees it at its zenith, and it is sad to realize that, despite the fact that he will make some good albums, he will never again capture this maximum.
