Last night I finished revising Jane Eyre (1983), a BBC mini-series, adapted from Charlotte Bronte's romantic novel Gothic Novel, worthy of a classic of English literature with Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond) as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zel Clark like Jane Eyre, poor orphan, 18 year old girl, governess on Mr. Rochester's estate, Thornfield. Jane Eyre was one of my favorite books since I was an 11 year old girl, and my friend gave it to me with the words “This book is amazing,” and so it was, and I read it dozens of times, and I still not tired of it. His beautiful language, sophisticated, fragrant and surprisingly fresh, the dialogues and, above all, the two main characters and the story of their impossible love attracted many filmmakers. “Jane Eyre” has adapted to TV and the big screen many times, according to IMDb, 18. Actors such famous and amazing as Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Geinsburg, George S. Scott and Suzanne York, Siaran Hinds and Samantha Morton played a pair that overcame hundreds of obstacles created by society, laws, religion, differences in age, lineage, experience, and fatal mistakes that have plagued a person for many years. Of all these films, I saw only one 300-minute BBC version of 1983, which follows the novel closely, and where Timothy Dalton, who often plays dark, brooding characters, not only brilliantly played by Edward Rochester, but with the class he was Mr. Rochester. - sardonic, lively, power of nature, powerful, passionate, sexy and exhausted master Thornfield. Zela Clark was also persuasive, like sweet, gentle, intelligent and strong Jane, who feels deep and full of passion, mixed with clear reasoning and quiet but firm willpower. <br /> <br /> Posted on September 17, 2007: During the past two weeks, I watched five Jane Eyre films, and it was a wonderful experience. There is something to be admired in every Jane Eyre film adaptation, even if not all of them are completely successful. This version is still my favorite movie "Jane Eyre".
