A character's play from literary classics can be a poisoned bowl for an actor who pays for the pleasure of a meaty character, competing with the fantasies of generations of readers ?? not to mention the numerous other actors who besieged the castle before. Fortunately for visionaries, is this version ?? with beautiful actors Zella Clark and Timothy Dalton ?? It stands head and shoulders above the versions that came after it. This is the correct length to make the story complete justice, and largely uses Bronte's hacked dialogue; None of this modern intervened by cutting out the text and adding new and secondary scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story is the tension between the central characters and the life circumstances they create to lead. Jane ?? "poor, simple and small" ?? She grew up on the cold charity's generous charity, her character and independence formed as a result of a long period in a very harsh school. She arrives as a governess in Mr. Rochester's house, completely without friends and alone. She suppresses herself, as a rule, because of her duty and hard experience, but her passionate nature soon finds her paper in her strict, witty, mysterious master, to whom she is attracted, like him, by forces independent of them. Rochester - tiger in a cage, busy "paving hell"; potentially dangerous to anyone who comes in contact with him ?? but "insightful, through a slit or two." His character is extraordinary: he receives extraordinary liberties with a paid subordinate; but then Jane is not an ordinary worker, as he sees. But the dark secret and severe tests lie before both of them. <br /> <br /> Is it nice to hear the wonderful Bronte dialogue spoken by such experienced actors ?? Dalton in particular seems to have formed for passion on the Bronte scale. If you have ever seen him as an unforgettable Bond, you have missed what is the best. Those who commented that his Rochester is too handsome miss the point of these dramatizations: his character has too much screen time for a truly ugly person to hold the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is right, not always or always beautiful, but often looks as amazing as it should be. And Jane Zella Clark is not a wall; she conveys the emotions of a woman who usually successfully suppresses her sense of humor and her passionate nature, allowing her rare flashes to show a more dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> Not so long ago, the BBC showed the excellent dramatization of Jean Rees in the Bronte enlightened and most alarming retribution, "The Wide Sargasso Sea", representing the background of the first Mrs. Rochester. Check it out ?? you will never see the “hero” “Jane Eyre” in the same way.
