The production of "Jane Eyre" in 1983 with the participation of Zala Clark and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) in the lead roles has always been and will always be my favorite Jane Eyre. If you watch any other version of Jane Eyre without reading a book, it will be like watching some regular movie that you forget the next day. But to watch it is almost equivalent to reading a book. When I was little, I watched these mini-series a lot and they inspired me to read a book. At that time, I did not pay attention to how close this television production was to the book. I recently looked at the 1996 Jane Eyre version and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours and there were not many important scenes from the book (such as my favorite gypsy scene). After that, I fell in love with “Jane Eyre” even more, because it includes all the important scenes of the book and just tells the whole story (other versions do not, if you have not read the book). <br /> <br /> The 1983 composition of Jane Eyre is superb. It's true that Timothy Dalton is a very beautiful actor (beautiful enough to play Butler in Scarlet and Julius Caesar), but he is as good as Rochester that I can't imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zela Clark is, without a doubt, the only Jane that follows the description of the book. Another thing that makes this film so wonderful is the dress and makeup of the actors. Jane looks so modest and naive, as Bronte describes her (although she is not 18 years old, but do you really pay attention to this? ...) <br /> <br /> Some people say that this is "Jane Eyre" "for too long, but I would rather spend the whole day watching this than spending 2 hours watching some other version. Some say that the film is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough or because there are not enough" kissing scenes "I hate it when they make Jane Eyre a" Hollywood movie "with inappropriate kissing scenes. You don't need to turn “mad, madly in love” scenes to show love between Jane and Rochester. Both Zelah and Timothy express this love so beautifully that no more scenes are needed !! I am 19 years old, and many girls my age call this film “boring and old-fashioned. ”But I can only feel sorry for them, because they don’t appreciate the purity and beauty of it. In the end, the novel unfolds in the 19th century, and this old-fashioned image makes it more attractive and similar to a book. <br /> <br /> I don’t think there will ever be any other version of Jane Eyre that will be popular and loved by this one. Whoever played Jane and Rochester in other films, real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
