I recently saw this product on DVD. I see it for the first time since it was first shown in 1983, and it was as good as I remembered. At first, as I was worried, this may seem old-fashioned, and I suppose it is a bit outdated and very verbose, since the BBC serials were then. (I miss those wonderful costumed dramatic performances, which then always seemed to be Sundays). But beyond that, he is as perfect as he could be. I’m a bit of a purist "Jane Eyre", as this is my favorite book, and I have never seen any other work as faithful as this. I recently re-read the book, and some dialogues are just in place. Reading the scene near the end, where Rochester asks Jane about what St. John looks like, I noticed that their words were accurately reproduced on the screen by Dalton and Clark and performed perfectly. <br /> <br /> It seems that in all the other producers that were shot, everything is in some way lacking, and some do not even take into account the Rivers family and their relationship with Jane. I also think that this is the only production in which the “Gypsy” scene is done correctly. <br /> <br /> Casting is perfect, Zela Clark is like Jane, described in the book “Little Plains and Darkness”, and I do not agree that she looked too old. Timothy Dalton may be a little too handsome, but he is perfectly perfect, like Rochester, portraying every aspect of his character just taking off his socks! I agree with another comment that he even seems rather scary, while in the scene when he slowly turns around in the church, when the wedding is interrupted, his expression is fantastically scary. But then, in another favorite scene, his joy is wonderful when Jane goes down the stairs to his arms the morning after they declare their love for each other. Love, which is wonderfully depicted and absolutely believable. Oh, be loved by such a man! There were several scenes that, oddly enough, were missing, for example, when Jane climbs into bed with Helen dying, and also when Rochester takes Jane to the store for her wedding things (I thought that was one of these, but maybe my memory plays tricks). <br /> <br /> Finally, if you never see the next production of “Jane Eyre,” you will simply see that it’s just perfect!
