* WARNING ABOUT SPOILER: I would like to discuss this without revealing specific plot points, but I can not. Excuse me. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for an IMDb review of the George S. Scott film when I came across a resume and reviews for this version. He had so many positive reviews that I decided to order it, though: (a) while truncated and hasty, I thought George S. Scott personified the exhausted character (and physical appearance) of the Rochester book before the letter T; and (b) even looking at the cover of the DVD, I thought: “Isn't Timothy Dalton too good for the role?” The last concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to re-read the book while the DVD was in the background. However, the minute I started watching this, I was captivated. At first, it was unpleasant to hear the 1840 dialogues written in writing — with little or no modernization attempt — but Dalton and Clark so deeply immersed in it that I really enjoyed the fact that the adapters trusted the audience to follow archaic speech. was on the screen, it was an extra bonus. I know someone who won't watch any version of Jane Eyre, because "who wants to watch a movie about a man who keeps an attic in the attic?" Honestly, if someone who did not read the book came across an hour and a half version, they would think that this is almost the whole story - the secret of Rochester and its influence on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version is actually about Jane Eyre's whole life. <br /> <br /> Some people criticized casting. Dalton is too dashing; Clark is too reserved. I cannot argue with the first point, but it is so “at the moment” that I think that it is Rochester. For me, Clark's performance is up to par. Jane Eyre is quiet, guarded. If someone remembers the book, then most of the passion and passion of an adult Jane occurs during her personal struggle. Some criticisms baffle me. Reviewers say Clark is too short or not good enough. The book goes on and on about how small and simple Jane is. Miss Clark does not have to be tall, and the filmmakers have muffled her looks to make Jane’s statements about her lack of beauty trustworthy. She is unlikely to help if Dalton is tall. Some say that there is no chemistry between the leads. What kind?!! The scene where Jane finally leaves her room after the wedding fiasco, quite vibrates with passion, sadness, sadness and regret - and this is only the first example that comes to mind. <br /> <br /> I really agree with some other critics. I also missed more scenes with Helen Burns and the Rivers brothers and sisters. Some of the dialogues were strangely truncated. When Rochester declares: “Jane, you misjudge me. I don’t hate her because she’s crazy, ”I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explains how, if Jane had lost her mind, he would still love her and take care of her. This is a powerful moment in the book, and I would like it to be included. I think it was a mistake to bring the scene with Rochester to that part of the story where Jane is on her own. This could be done for clarity, but I found it sharp. I wanted the crafty humor of a scene where Jane believes that Rochester's passion is cool and he becomes rude again, but he can love her again and again. Dalton's performance is so good that a rare mistake appears - when Rochester cries in the library, I saw him as an actor who plays a weeping scene, and not like Rochester. As for the sets, if anyone ever came across in the episode of the “Dark Shadows” show of the 1960s, everyone knows what to expect - very harsh and sometimes shaky interiors. Others commented in detail and concisely on the work on makeup in the end in Rochester Sport. Clap! This is bad. The conclusion is too sharp. After all this suffering and waiting, I wanted to get a more rounded ending. And, on my DVD copy, the availability of credits at the beginning and at the end of all eleven 25-30 minutes episodes becomes a bit big. However, I am so glad that I have this film and I will watch it again and again.
