I am a fan of Jane Eyre and a purist, and this version includes almost all the important details of the book, and the characters are depicted as I imagined them. “Jane Eyre” is a complex story with great wealth that cannot be presented in full-length format, so for it you need a television mini-series. Rochester Timothy Dalton is probably the best. There have been many discussions about how attractive he is and his age. In the book, Jane (the narrator) describes him as "about 35 years old" and not young, but not yet middle-aged. I think Timothy Dalton was about 38 years old when he did this, so this is correct. In addition, we only have an opinion of Jane about whether Rochester is handsome. She had just met him, and he bluntly asked her what she thought. As an inexperienced and modest girl, I can not imagine her saying that she considers him beautiful. The actor playing Rochester must show us the character of the person, and this is accomplished to perfection. I like the relationship between the two presenters, which is the key to this story, and the humor of their meetings. Other versions have blew it, but it does it right. The 2006 version with Toby Stevens (aged 37) is under development on BBC1 and is really very good, so I will decide if she will be my favorite when it is completed. <br /> <br /> When I re-viewed this series, after viewing the 2006 version, I decided that this version with Timothy Dalton and Zella Clark is the best! Charlotte Bronte’s dialogue has been preserved, and this is important for the power of history. Modernization simply does not work - this is a Victorian story and an archaic poetic speech suits the heroes. This version has a great cast - Zelach Clark is tiny, and the difference in height between her and Rochester is important; Timothy Dalton has a real presence and is an amazing actor. There are no additional scenes to distract from the plot, and the script includes all the main scenes, but skips unnecessary details, turning them into a point and capturing. I recommend this to all true fans of Jane Eyre.
