There are many modifications of the classic Charlotte Bronte novel "Jane Eyre", and, taking into account the many reviews about them, there is also a lively discussion about which one is the best. All the screen versions of the short film suffer from the fact that it is simply impossible to squeeze the entire plot of the novel into a film lasting about 100 minutes. length, therefore, these films show only a few parts of the novel. The television series was a more suitable format for playing all the episodes from the life of the heroine. <br /> <br /> There are three mini-series released in 73, 83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but also the worst of Jane Eyre's fixtures and a shining example of a completely overpriced film. The beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by tasteless and trivial, and important scenes are either deleted or replaced with scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. Then all this leads to the fact that the depicted characters not only have nothing in common with Rochester and Jane in the novel and behave in exactly the opposite way, as described in the book, but also that their behavior and language absolutely do not correspond to the behavior of the period in which set the novel. This is a silly soap opera in which the actors look and behave as if they were dressed in costumes of the 1850s by mistake. This “Jane Eyre” (as she dares to call herself) really is a slap in the face to Charlotte Bronte. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very true to the novel in that the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane turn out to be almost in their entirety. But what works great in a novel doesn't necessarily work fine on a screen. At times, the novel's language is too complicated and confused to seem natural when it is spoken, and the constant interruptions of off-screen dialogue behind the scenes Jane reinforce the impression of artificiality and entertainment. And, despite loyalty to the novel, the essence of the plots is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. The image of Sorchi Cusack about Jane as a bold, self-confident, worldly young woman is completely at odds with the literary model, and Michael Jauston, although a good actor, simply does not have the command physical presence or the charisma necessary to play Rochester. Despite a decent adaptation, she is simply unable to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never captures the audience. <br /> <br /> All the flaws of the 73 stand booth are fixed in the TV mini-series '83 with Timothy Dalton and Zelach Clark. Although from the point of view of the purist, Timothy Dalton is too handsome, tall and inclined to Rochester, he has the necessary qualities for the role: he has an impressive physical presence, great magnetism and an atmosphere of self-confidence and authority. And, despite his undisputed masculinity, he looks grim and stern to convincingly play the grim master Thornfield. But the superiority of his work lies in the way he displays all facets of the character of Rochester. Of all the actors who played Rochester, he is the only one who captured them all: the sharpness, almost arrogance of Rochester, his capriciousness and harshness, as well as his humorous side, his tenderness, his caring and deep insane love. Dalton’s reference to Charlotte Bronte’s language is equally superb. Even the most contrived and complex thoughts of Rochester seem completely truthful and natural when they are delivered by Dalton. He is unsurpassed Rochester, unsurpassed and unsurpassed, and, watching him in this role, it is impossible to imagine that Rochester will play in any other way or by any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zela Clark demonstrates an equally excellent performance in a role that may be even harder to play well than in Rochester. She portrays precisely Jane from the novel, outwardly shy, restrained and guarded young woman, but possessing a great depth of feelings and an equally great strength of will. She perfectly captures the duality of Jane's character: her modesty and reverence on the one hand, her fire and passion on the other, her seeming fragility and her indomitable feeling of good and evil. She and Dalton have excellent chemistry, and their scenes together are pure pleasure. <br /> <br /> With regard to the fidelity of the literary model, this version also gives literal quotations from the novel, like the version of 73 years old, but with one important difference: In this version, the dialogues are abbreviated, but the main lines that are necessary to characterize the main characters and the development of the plot remain unchanged. Thus, the author of the script avoided any artificiality of speech, at the same time completely preserving the beauty and originality of the language of Charlotte Bronte. And unlike the earlier version of the BBC, the essence of each scene is perfectly reflected. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel is traced with even greater accuracy than in the series 73 years. This is almost a stage for setting the scene of the novel, where equal time and emphasis is placed on every episode of Jane's life. This is the only adaptation of Jane Eyre in which there is a gypsy scene worthy of the novel, and the only one that fully corresponds to the main and most heartbreaking scene of the novel, when Jane and Rochester meet after the interrupted wedding. In particular, Timothy Dalton plays this scene with superb skill. With an almost painful intensity, he drops the suffering of Rochester, realizing Jane's determination to leave him, his desperate attempts to make her stay and his last despair when she really leaves him. This is a heartbreaking, almost destructive scene that will stay with the audience for a long time. <br /> <br /> Even with smaller roles, a great script and two ideal leading actors, this is the final and only true Jane Eyre.
