To call this episode brilliant seems too small. To say that it continues the excellent work of the season premiere also leads to a decrease, because so far it has not been far from the magnificent episode of the Soprano. In fact, the name may be a smug invitation for those who are not yet real fans: join the club ... <br /> <br /> Raise from the place where Junior stopped (by inserting a bullet into his nephew’s gut after the error him for the scammer he killed in the first season), the story begins with Tony, who was absolutely fine. Not remembering what happened to him, he attends a meeting. Only he does not speak with his usual accent, and it seems that something is wrong with his papers: apparently he is not Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least a group of people thinks so, and until the mess settled, he could not leave his hotel. <br /> <br /> Naturally, in the pure tradition of the Soprano, this is nothing but a dream: Tony is actually in a coma, and the doctors are not sure about his fate, his family and friends were nauseous, and the younger refused to believe that it all really happened. Unfortunately, that was true, and Anthony Jr. seems ready to take revenge for the attempt on his father’s life. <br /> <br /> In the series, dreams often appeared, often as a kind of spiritual test for the main characters (this is especially noticeable). in the fifth season, “Test Sleep” is shown). However, joining the club takes the metaphysical qualities of the program, which was already hinted at in the previous episode of the poem by William S. Burroughs, and pushes the envelope in the most audacious way: Tony hallucinates about his dead friends (the first appearance was similar to food poisoning four seasons ago ), this one, his stay in purgatory is radically different. The “heavenly” section of the story is replete with allegorical meanings, not least the name of Tony, which is given (as one of the characters points out, pronouncing it in a certain way will give you the word “infinity”), and none of them will happen as exaggerated or contrived: David Chase has created a job that is too smart to use strange attitudes only for its own sake; all this helps narration. Speaking of "help from above" in the case of Tony Soprano, perhaps it is a little stretching.
