Okay, I didn't get Purgatory when I first watched this episode. It seemed like something substantial was happening that I could not put my finger on. This time, the Costa Mesa bonfires on TV really caught my attention - and it helped that I just wrote an essay about Inferno! But let me see what hasn’t been discussed yet ... <br /> <br /> In the TWOP review, it was mentioned that Tony had to go down 7 flights of stairs due to a broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, especially religious ones, but here’s another one for you. By guesswork, I checked with Wikipedia, and guess what Dante divided into 7 levels? Purgatory. Excluding to Purgatory and Paradise. (Things are at the foot of the stairs and ... what Tony can't get at.) <br /> <br /> On a supposedly “random” scene with a monastic slap. As soon as the monks appeared, he was perfect, and Tony tried to get out of Purgatory. You can say that he was worried when this Christian advertisement appeared (death, sickness and sin), and he is becoming more and more desperate because Christian heavens look a little doubtful to him. By the time he meets the monks, he thinks "hey, maybe these guys can help me?" it sounds like contemplating other religions (for example, Buddhism) and thinking about whether some other way can lead him to "salvation." Not that Tony necessarily literally thought about becoming a Buddhist, but it seems that Finnerty tried it (and ruined it). This slap basically tells Tony that there is no quick fix - like, no, you can't suddenly accept Buddhism and get out of here. <br /> <br /> Tony initially didn’t care much about going to heaven. But at the “entrance to the conference” he realizes that it will not be so easy for him. First, I saw the “name versus driver’s license” problem: Tony led a double life, and he kept secrets for most people to kill people and sleep around him. He feels free to deal with Quasi-Melfi, because "he is Kevin Finnerty." He finds out that he CAN deceive some people with KF cards, for example, hotel administrators, but this does not get him out of Purgatory. Are these helicopters of Heaven's helicopters? - watch him and everything he does. <br /> <br /> After reading all the "inFinnerty" theories, it seems that the KF person is a reminder of the infinity of different ways that Tony could choose in his life. Perhaps along with an Infiniti car joke that made no sense to me. Aah, and at that moment my brain is losing consciousness.
