Manuel Gomez Pereira (Manuel Gomez Pereira) in an attempt to combine the drama and comedy created the film “Things that make life worth living. “This is not an original discovery, in many of your voices (by the way, quite uneven), but it deviates somewhat from the norm in Spanish cinema. The disadvantage is that the elements forming the film are not well combined, and while some items are not very well developed, others are irrelevant. A day in the life of two people close to middle age. This is basically what the movie Gómez Pereira. Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is stationary (parado), which, despite the load on the back of the major drama, it seems that he wants everything to change. This alone explains that his adherence to a minor can mark a turning point in his existence. According to Audrey Thoth from “Long Dating” (Jean-Pierre Jonet, 2004), Jorge says such things to himself: “If I find a coin to the corner, which will now change my luck. "Of course, he finds it, starts playing" Today could be a great day "(Hoy puede ser un gran dia) Joan Manuel Serrat and several crosses in his path Hortensia (Ana Belen). She is another woman of introductory age, divorced and slightly lonely. Take valerian for sleep, organizes birthdays as an exemplary mother, talks about his faith in God and leads to a quick murder of the mother. Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in her behavior, life in his leader leads the data that “70% of people fall in love only once in their life” and says that despite the fact that Jorge and the unemployed are not enough, does not exclude the possibility that this is a "sadist", sleeping on his shoulder in a movie at the cinema. First opportunity. Later the sacrament came, a dance at a luxurious wedding banquet, the back of a car and other things that players seem to experience unique events like this, but ultimately make it rather heavy for the viewer. “The things that make life worthwhile” the debate between us is the drama of two adults who have no other, which makes them see where their strange relationships are and, conversely, makes us see the event as a comedy, focusing on things like Chinese singing at a wedding (which seems funny in itself) or walking a drunk person. The problem is that it does not leave us time to communicate with the players, so we cannot identify ourselves with the dramatic and do not give us a solid basic comic strip, leaving everything except a clean joke. In the end, everything is mixed up so that the viewer no longer knows very well whether to laugh or mourn, and in the end does nothing. And it is true that something has not been seen a thousand times, this is not the film that we see to bend every corner, but it is not as special or special as we want. Ana Belen (who is clearly less than 53 years old in this film) and Edward Fernandez are two actors who are very pleased to see the work, but this time it seems ready or comfortable enough in scenes that require him to break the calm, which predominates in the film, so at such moments as an “accident” with the children of the bar, the thing seems to slip away from their hands. Perhaps a very dramatic change that needs to be done, but this is not an excuse to lower our guard. In any case, both translators easily install the highlight of the function. “Things that make life worth living,” work only on a modest level of entertainment. Any statement that goes beyond this point was not fulfilled, as a romantic comedy or dramatic work, which, we believe, they wanted to make, cannot afford to bring to the smallest detail successful (super bad) moments in which one of the characters speak and laugh, lost drunk, compared to the boy, who is partially in a coma because of him. Not so much for people like Rosario Pardo, which made a typical friend start, whose biggest contribution to the film is the phrase “you have to screw it up”, and the songs from the soundtrack, although meaningful, are not just suitable. It is true that the film by Manuel Gomez Pereira has his own hits (some moments with Jose Sacristan), but in general it is an anode story, a film with good intentions and a good result, when better.
