"Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka. The 1974 Flavia-heretic is a truly disturbing and uncompromising part of Italian cinema "Exploitation", which to some extent follows some feminist premise (although the level of meanness and cruelty would probably revolt most feminists). Established mainly in the convent and with a nun as the protagonist of the same name (the magnificent performance of the wonderful Florinda Balkan), the film Flavia the Heretic can be called the film Nunsploitation. However, this film is quite different from the typical nonploitation films of that time, since it doesn’t pay so much attention to such elements of nonploitation as lesbianism, sadistic punishments of lesbians, etc. I personally saw more similarities with Hexploitation films , such as the Devil's Sign (although this does not apply to the topic of witch-hunting), which focuses on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and at the beginning of the modern period. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600. After her despotic father beheaded a wounded Muslim soldier, young Flavia was forced to become a nun in a monastery. When her father condemns her nun to an agonizing death for a little misdeed after years, Falvia’s disgust at male violence against women turns into hatred for a despotic church, and she joins an Arab scavenger group ... <br /> <br /> for sure: “Flavia the heretic” is not for the faint of heart and not for those who want a happy ending. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi clearly tried to make his film as realistic and exciting as possible, especially in his unpleasant scenes. The many scenes of torture and execution are extremely disturbing, with clear details of skinning, spikes and other horrible scenes, the most shocking scene is probably the torture of a young nun at the very beginning of the film. However, violence here is never superfluous. In the end, these terrible methods were actually a reality while filming. The film is very well made, with realistic costumes, fantastic settings, elegant cinematography and an excellent score of Nikolai Piovani. The stunningly beautiful and gorgeous Florinda Bolkan proved her talent in many great Italian cult performances (including Lucio Fulci's 1972 non Si Sevizia Un Paperino masterpiece). She shows here another great charismatic performance, and I could not imagine another actress who would also be suitable for this role. The film has some minor inconsistencies (for example, why a tough church admits strange cult followers to monasteries in the first place). However, it is generally surprising how realistic this film is. “Flavia heretic” definitely should not be missed by my fans of Italian cinema exploitation. Overall, this is a great movie about Exploitation, although it is definitely deeply depressing, and therefore should be watched in the right mood. Strongly recommended to fans of the alarming operation of the cinema. 7.5 / 10
