Too many sources usually confuse this dramatic epoch, which makes one think, partly based on historical fact, along with the outwardly similar “non-proliferation”, which was the mainstay of 70s European cinema, overlooking the righteous anger that drives all efforts. Perhaps coincidentally, it was also an unusual attempt by director Gianfranco Mingozzi to create narrative filmmaking outside of many well-accepted documentaries. <br /> <br /> Located in a historical context, FLAVIA maps a growing rebellion of an Italian nun from the early 15th century. (Florinda Bolkan’s career performance, even surpassing her excellent work in Lucio Fulci’s destructive play Do not torture the duckling), locked in a monastery by her not so noble father in a desperate attempt to curb the budding sensual character of the girl. Wondering why women are at best assigned to secondary roles in life, as in scripture, she faces how male domination can destroy female life, causing an uprising caused by the ranting of the half-crazy older sister Agata (indisputably portrayed veteran actress) Maria Casares of LES ENFANTS DU PARADIS "Marcel Carne) and - more constructively - the Muslim invasion. By joining the oppressors and possibly unwittingly manipulating them to fulfill her order, Flavia really becomes an outcast, which she already felt, with the expected tragic results. <br /> <br /> With his breathtaking widescreen compositions by Alfio Contini, who shot Michelangelo. Antonioni's Locking Points, this is an uncompromising and rigorous report about the brutal, but ultimately useless struggle of one woman with a patriarchal society that did not give her rights other than having a child or insulting, as sister Agatha ironically remarks. The long fancy sequence caused by drugs, clearly modeled, despite Ken Russell's much brighter "devils", the film turns out to be relatively stingy in the skin section, turning it into a half-threshold reputation as mockery. This is a serious job that deserves the re-discovery and restoration of its unjustly tarnished reputation.
