Flavia heretic is an undeniable work of art and, perhaps, my number one recommendation is to state that euro-movie exploitation is greatly underestimated and should not be ignored. This is a smart and complex film, beautifully realized and a surprise ?? damn sure! This is more than just meaningless vile or unreasonable violence, and the time has come for those fragile film committees who classify Flavia as illegal garbage. Flavia is a beautiful teenager of the 14th century, forced to live by a submissive nun in a strict monastery. She refuses to admit that she is inferior only because she is a woman, and she curses her sister for being so tolerant of it. After a futile attempt to escape, she gives support to another rebellious nun and even sends a squad of bloodthirsty Muslims to the walls of the monastery. <br /> <br /> Flavia is an absolutely fascinating film! It is almost impossible to believe that the director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make him look so realistic and so disturbing. I urge you to come up with a name that concentrates on the topic of pioneering feminism more intensely than Flavius. Several episodes are quite shocking (actually, on the verge of a nightmare), as the camera approaches brutal rape, torture and injury. And yet, all these raw frames are used not only to satisfy perverts. I firmly believe that they are part of the statement that Flavia is trying to convey: mankind (in particular, the Catholic Church) has historically proved to be a hypocritical and discriminatory race, and there is no reason to deny it further. Films like Flavia the Heretic have the courage to question and openly condemn our precious ancestors, and I sincerely admire them for that. “Flavia” is an outstanding and fundamental film about exploitation because of its essence, but it even rose to a higher level thanks to amazing cinematography, magnificent costumes and decorations and an exciting musical score by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing, as an ambitious and stubborn nun, but Maria Casares steals the show as Agatha's sister. She hates men and a nun with loud lips who likes to pee in an open field! Amen, sister!
