I felt that this film was about human sexuality as much as about anything else, whether intentionally or not. We are also shown how ridiculous and paradoxical for women is that they are not allowed into such a nationally significant event, and at the same time we forget about the past of our respective “advanced” nations. I write from Japan, where women just got the right to vote 60 years ago, and female engineers are a recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were once completely masculine, the business world in America until recently was completely closed to women, and women in China were bound with their feet, so they did not have strong enough legs to run away from their husbands. Nowadays, Iran is conveniently passing this stage, and we can clearly see how ridiculous we all looked at one time or another. Returning to the question of sexuality, we wonder what can be inherently in women, which makes them unsuitable for playing football (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially these boyish girls, a couple so much so that you even get the feeling that lesbianism is on the agenda. I think one thing is that not all women are the same, and the women the police are trying to “protect” are not the ones who try to enter first. The opening scenes of the stadium approach make you appreciate the prowess of the young women who are trying to enter - and each one of them in general. This is the world of a cruel person. Any woman brave enough to try to go must be allowed! The world of sexuality cannot be universal. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, detained criminals bind themselves in a temporary pen, awaiting deportation to an unknown where in a much more subtle way. , start contacting the guards guarding them. They had certain ideas about women and femininity that defied head-on. The change in attitude is icy, but visible. <br /> <br /> Since the film is pure Iran at first sight, for a foreigner you need to soften a bit, but the characters have a special way to hit yourself for you, and you will eventually get a complete picture, and even understand the misunderstandings of men and give them relax. The alleged villain is the invisible patriarchate ayatollahs who remain invisible and unnamed, and probably not remembered. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this film was filmed during the actual event of the Iran-Bahrain match, I have a feeling of Awe for all involved.
