Do you think that the average person would know more / less about: Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Interestingly, two to the fore come out of Jafar Panahi’s controversial Iranian latest film, Offside, a story that uses football or access to football as a backdrop for a series of scenes revolving around its right to do something or go somewhere something and the right person to provide such courtesy, if and when he wants. The strange thing is, you don’t go away from Offside after learning about Iranian football or too much about Iranian cinema (if it’s not an education in the controversial Panakhov style), but you’re leaving an enlightened feeling that at least someone from Iran took a controversial issue clearly still in force in a country like Iran, and ready to present it to an international audience, rather than use it. <br /> <br /> I remember the 2006 World Cup, I’m sure that many people can. It was the summer after my first year at university, and after my first year was tiring, the summer of the World Cup acted as a well-calculated tonic. Needless to say, I saw almost all the game panels that they show at the same time with others, at the very end of the group stages, to avoid incidents, as was the case in Spain in 82nd, when it was thought that West Germany and Austria would get a result between them who could outlast them both at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Has anyone in Britain watched a BBC broadcast about Iran ?? Playing in Mexico, the first in a tournament for both countries, may remember that at the top of the show, BBC football presenter BBC Gary Lineker released an amusing comment to introduce the match. It sounded like this: “We have seen the giants from Germany, England, Argentina and the Netherlands play, but now we will see how Mexico and Iran are fighting.” The emphasis on the fact that the last two are inferior was obvious, and perhaps watching them was a chore. It's a shame, because there are people, and films such as Offside present them, who really want Iran to play so that they risk their well-being to achieve this, and it’s sad when people in power reject what is considered “inferior” when there are others who do something to be able to participate in others. <br /> <br /> When I immediately think of the words “Iran,” “football,” and “World Cup,” my mind flies back to the game of France '98 between the nation and America. Here is a film about World Cup games in which Iran participates, but where some or even most Iranian filmmakers may have preferred to present a story telling about Iran’s famous victory over the United States and what it means for them, director Panahi decides to look at what happens behind the scenes and represents the story from the stands, as women are not allowed to participate in football matches, and they are not allowed to live in the ecstasy of winning a game of great magnitude. You can imagine a hard-handed film describing Iran’s “victory” as an awkward propaganda film designed to use them when they “beat” a Western power or “enemy” in a sport in which they probably did not expect of this. <br /> A couple of films that come to mind when it comes to beating the invincible in their own game is the 2001 Indian film "Lagaan", in which Indian peasants beat the ruling British in cricket. It seems that in the "Game of Their Lives" in 2005, the Americans defeated the British at a football match only this time at the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and offside are huge; Offside looks at the situation behind the mentality of the state, and dares to explore the essence of feminism, as the girls, trying to see how their beloved Iran defeated Bahrain and claim to participate in the World Cup, are surrounded like animals and are kept in coarse purgatory. from the barred window that would allow them to see the game. The reason is that men can "not", but "can" use foul language during the game. In the film, Iran is so incompetent that they cannot deprive a man of the right to swear and forbid bad language, but should forbid a woman to see the game together. Not surprisingly, the film Panahi itself was banned in Iran. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remembers how he included what drives the rule crazy in the first place, often allowing your female characters to smoke cigarettes and use mobile phones, you think there are two things that Doctors and scientists are much more dangerous for the human body / mind than hearing a bit of foul language during a football game. Panahi pays special attention to the title of his film Offside, which itself is a football ruling, when the “attacker” is “caught” trying to gain an advantage in the field of the game. The parallels go with the position of women in the film, as these advancing (presumably without rights) people are caught trying to put one over the opposition team; it is the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think that Offside is one of the best films in the Middle East and the Gulf region that I have seen. It is a stressful, but humiliating film about people who do not carry any acting history according to IMDb, and thus the acting is coarse and real, adding this bizarre neo-realist aura to all of this. The immediate end pursues, and the constant verbal battle between male soldiers and female offenders who dare to challenge the state is remarkable. I also think that someone will not really like the film for the reasons I have mentioned, demonstrates a distinct level of heartlessness, whether or not you work in the government of Iran.
