In Iran, women are not allowed to attend men's sporting events, apparently to “protect” them from all the curses and obscenities they can hear from male fans (therefore, since men cannot restrain themselves or behave themselves, women are forced to suffer. Go figure it out.). Offside talks about half a dozen or so young women who, dressed as men, are trying to enter the high-stakes match between Iran and Bahrain, which in 2005 allowed Iran to enter the world championship (the film was actually shot largely during this game). <br /> <br /> “Offside” is a comedy in which you can see all these great humanistic films (“Store on Main Street”, “Loves”). blondes, “Watchful Trains”, etc.), which emerged from communist Czechoslovakia as part of the Prague Miracle in the mid-1960s. As in many of these works, Offside is more concerned with the observation of life than with the elaboration of any carefully thought-out fictional narrative. Indeed, it is the simplicity of installation and the naturalism of the style that make the film so effective. <br /> <br /> As soon as their trick is discovered, the girls are driven into a small pen right outside the stadium, where they hear a hoarse delight coming from the game inside. Stuck in place, all they can do is ask the guards to let them go, the guards, who are mostly clumsy, good-natured guys who are forced to do their duty as part of their compulsory military service. Even the majority of men going to the stadium do not seem particularly alarmed at the thought that these women will be admitted. However, the ban persists. And yet, how can the very real courage and courage shown by these women not be impressed when they oppose a system that continues to impose such a ridiculously regressive and archaic constraint? And yet, the goal of these women is not to unite for the cause or to make a “point”. They are simply obsessed fans eager to watch football matches and, like all men in the country, support their team. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to say which part of the dialogue is written according to the script and how much of it is improvised, but, in any case, the actors with their amazingly expressive faces do an excellent job, making every moment seem completely real and convincing. Mohammad Khayr-Abadi and Shaystekh Irani are outstanding actors in a consistently excellent line-up. The structure of the film is also very free and free, as the writer / director Jafar Panahi and coauthor Shadmer Rastin focus on one or two characters for a few short moments, and then smoothly and effortlessly transfer to others. With this documentary type of approach, we begin to feel that we are witnessing an actual event unfolding in “real time”. Very often it is very easy for us to forget that we are actually watching a movie. <br /> <br /> Filmmakers have taken a very smart step to include so much good-natured humor in the film (this is what Czech filmmakers have done), the better to point out the absolute absurdity of the situation and expand the appeal of the film for domestic and foreign audiences. “Offside” is obviously a cry for justice, but it becomes even more effective due to the refusal to make this story a hard-breathing tragedy. Instead, he understands that nothing destroys social barriers as effectively as humor and appeal to a universal audience. And isn't this what true art should be? Offside, in its own way quiet and discreet, is one of the greatest, undervalued gems of 2007.
