Different directors from different countries made a great contribution to the development of cinema with their thoughts. As a result, we have experienced different genres when it comes to the environment. Jafar Panahi, unlike JL Godard or F. Truffaut, believes in simple story-telling; Schematic Narratives - one of the main features of his directorial work. He trusts both the automatic and critical intelligence of the viewer; he feels no need to go to Alienation or such things in order to reach the audience. It is equally effective, despite the fact that it is normal. “Offside” (2006) is another schematic product from him, where the gender subordination of the Middle East in Asia gradually becomes clear to everyone as a simple but catchy story about the film develops. Nowadays, when we all shout on the issue of women's rights, this film very quietly penetrates our minds and, ultimately, becomes an obstacle to our critical mind, conveying the message that “Egaltija human rights” is nothing else ghostly good, utopia. Paternity will never allow women to be empowered. An important football match in which a nation participates is a teenage girl who understands the game well, loves her nation, and has no right to enter the stadium to cheer on her country. She is just allowed to listen to a live comment. Her nickname could not work for her. As a result, she had to go through several humiliating situations. From the very beginning, her anxious father ran back and forth after his daughter. At the end of the day, there was a celebration when the nation won the match, which the girl could not see, since she was detained outside the stadium during the match. But the celebration cannot suppress the issue of women's rights, which remain in every corner of the world in a different format. Jafar Panahi most successfully pointed out this problem of gender-based violence from the side of ordinary filmmaking and patriarchy. The global tragedy is easily coped with, and sometimes with humor, which, in turn, constantly teases us.
