At first glance, a film about women who want to watch a football match would not like someone who has little interest in football, such as me, but this is not about football, but about discrimination and women's passion for sports that they love. . <br /> <br /> The film opens on the day of the decisive qualifying match of the World Cup between Iran and Bahrain. The girl is trying to get to the Azadi stadium in Tehran, dressing like a boy, she seems to receive until the soldier tries to search her. After she is caught, she will be taken to a small barricade high on the outside of the stadium, where there are several women who have already been caught, here they are guarded by a small group of recruiting soldiers, whose leader is likely to return home, grooming the livestock. We will never know the names of the characters, but we will recognize them as people, because the girls begged the guards to allow them to watch the nearest precipice in the wall, and when they refuse, try to make them at least give a comment. <br /> <br /> In addition to the important issue of tight gender segregation in most of modern Iran, there are many funny moments in the film, such as the “disguise” that one of the girls puts on when they go to the toilet, and the girl. who disguised herself as a soldier and was caught only because she decided to watch the match from the place reserved for the senior officer. The female enthusiasm for the game is such that by the end the viewer is likely to be on the edge of his seat in the hope that Iran will win and thus get to the final in Germany. Soldiers are not shown as fundamentalists, they are just draftees who are there because they have to be, and when they explain to girls why a woman cannot watch men's sports, they don't seem to be convinced by their own arguments. <br /> <br /> It's a shame that this film cannot be seen in Iran itself, but it’s good that the whole world can see it and, therefore, see that ordinary Iranians are not fanatics, desperately wanting to wage war in the west, but normal people with the same passions and cares as people everywhere. The cast did a great job, making their characters seem like real people, not just caricatures.
