Panahi, whose previous films, such as Circle and Crimson Gold, seemed to range from harsh to dark, released an amusing, unapproachable, joyful-chaotic ensemble that ends on a note of liberation and emotional joy in his Offside. ? yet the film deals with material as complex and relevant as all he has done. Focusing on a group of ardent soccer fans caught sneaking at a Bahrain-Iran match in front of the World Cup at the stadium in Tehran, Panahi raises issues of national spirit, independence and controversy ?? and absolute absurdity ?? religious gender apartheid regime in the world of modern competition with the majority of youth and urban girls, who are increasingly thinking themselves. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, we hold our breath, join one of the girls on the bus, and the father drives a lost daughter. It has a disguise and national colors, like war paint, but we shrink with it in understanding what will happen: it is still easily noticeable. The fact is that most men don't really care. However, the rules are rules, and as soon as they try to pass through various checkpoints on their way to a large stadium, potential football girls or, in any case, some of them are surrounded and held in a small complex at the top of the stadium. Some are mostly young, green and rustic police officers who do not know how to cope with the independent ideas of these big city girls and prefer to watch the game? Whose roar are we constantly hearing in the background ?? themselves. Every girl is different ?? presents a different set of reasons for wanting to break the rules and different ways to do it. One was in uniform and got into the officer's office. One of them is tough, masculine, mocking and provocative (she can pass for a pretty boy and mockingly hints at it: “Are you a girl or a boy?” “Who would you like me to be?”). No one cares about football, but went to honor the memory of the deceased comrade. Odin (Aida Sadeghi) is an ardent football player herself ?? and so on. These girls from Tehran are stubborn and intelligent, and they roam the guilty village lieutenant in charge of them (Safar Samandar). One of the rural policemen (Mohamad Heirabadi) takes the girl football player to the men's room (of course, there are no ladies there), forcing her to wear a poster with an image of an Italian football star as a mask. This is followed by a comedy with mistakes and chaos, in which the girl runs away. <br /> <br /> An elegant wagon later appears with an officer who directs police officers to take the girls to the vice department ?? violation of the rules of sexual segregation qualifies as a defect. Does a man mix with them ?? a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks into games. The van was not so elegant: the radio antenna is broken. But one policeman holds him in place so that they can listen to an ever more heartbreaking report. Cops and prisoners are now united in general excitement. There is no score, the game goes into a free-kick, and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background all this is a real game, a real stadium and real masses of young people, crazy about the outcome of this event. The excitement is huge, and the streets are crammed with cars, flags, and a crowd of supporters who pray for the victory of Iran and unite in their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie as good as it’s clear? By now, this is what is filmed during the evening of a real game with a real ending that turns everything around. This, unlike previous highly calculated trajectories of Panahi’s narrative, is the spontaneous production of a film that improvises in rhythm with a vivid background of real events and captures you with its excitement in very exciting ways. <br /> <br /> The essence of offside lies in the gap between modern world football madness and retro-Islamic social bans suppressing women ?? the latter exists at a time when young Iranian women are becoming part of a global world in which women participate in sports and share the ardor of the national team. How exactly do you reconcile the country's ambitions to become a modern world power with medieval social views? Many of the Offisde are strikingly real, including how everyone tries their best to dissuade. The director’s decision to introduce young actors into a true mega-sporting event leads to a stunningly effective mix of documentary, polemical and artistic fiction that is too energetic to appear to have bone and that ends brilliantly and touchingly. . <br /> <br /> I had doubts about Panahi films, but this one kicks ass. Panahi is doing something wonderful here. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with a sense of the aspirations of the nation.
