In Iran, women are forbidden to attend sports competitions on the air due to the fear that they will be “spoiled” because of a bad language, proximity to thousands of men and the fact that there are no toilets for women in outdated stadiums. Based on the actual incident involving the daughter of director Jafar Panahi, Offside follows six girls disguised as men who were denied entry to a football match between Iran and Bahrain in 2005, a match that decides whether Iran will go to the World Cup. Unlike the dark, minimalist films that we’ve got used to from Iran over the past ten years, Offside is a bright comedy that has patriotic fervor and universal appeal, but contains enough disruptive social comments to justify its ban on screenings in Iran . . <br /> <br /> Shot with a digital camera using non-professional actors who more than cope with the task, the girls try to enter the Azadi stadium in Tehran, but they are arrested and placed in a waiting area outside the stadium. They are guarded by three young conscripts in the army (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Heir-Abadi and Masood Heime-Kabud), who express a dual attitude to their task, but pledge to abide by the rules. Women are football enthusiasts, not political activists who support Iran’s victory, but this does not deter soldiers from detaining them, while they wait for the girls to be brought to the vice-detachment, and for an uncertain future. <br /> <br /> Frank, and not behaving like victims, they constantly question the soldiers about the validity of the restrictions, making their absurdity quite obvious. Although they can hear the noise of the crowd, women cannot see the action, but achieve a slight victory when they convince one of the soldiers to provide current commentary on the game. One of the funniest episodes occurs when a soldier escorts a female prisoner to the men's room. A young recruit must deal with almost unrest when he needs to prevent someone else from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Paraphrasing Adlai Stevenson little by little, they are united by what unites them. it surpasses that which separates them, and the unlikely antagonists rally for their country and support the victory, which will send Iran to the world championship. Although it speaks out early and often, and the film sags a bit in the middle, Offside makes an impressive conclusion about a society in which the political elite with a medieval social mentality has to struggle with a growing group of educated and politically astute citizens. One can only hope that the world pressure and the awakening of their own people will force the ayatollahs to reconcile with the 21st century.
