I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during a real qualifying match for the 2006 World Cup, Offside works brilliantly in both comedy and tragedy. The film tells about the fate of a group of young women who were caught trying to get into a football match at the Azadi stadium in Tehran. Islamic religious leaders of the country decided that women could not sit with men at sporting events in order not to be subjected to curses and other morally questionable actions. This did not stop young fans of the country, who continue to use various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group that was caught and held in agony close to the action. They beg the bored soldiers guarding them to let them go, or at least let them watch the match. The soldiers tell them that they should not have tried to enter, that they could watch the game at home on TV. As the game progresses, they move back and forth almost in real time, just behind the scenes. <br /> <br /> There is one very funny sequence, when a young soldier escorts one of the girls to the toilet. Since there are no women's toilets in the stadiums, he must clean the room of any man before he can allow her to enter. Plus, he makes her cover her face so that no one can see that she is a woman. This is achieved with the help of the Iranian football star Ali Daei's poster as a mask with broken eye holes. <br /> <br /> You really understand that even soldiers are confused by the ban and only carry out their orders in order to speed up the end of their compulsory military service. One soldier complains that he had to be on vacation so that he could take care of his family’s livestock in the countryside. Little by little, girls and soldiers talk to each other, and on both sides there are numerous small acts of kindness, showing that they are mostly good people living in terrible circumstances. However, the constant reminder to the soldiers that the “boss” is on the way creates a feeling of danger, because we do not know what punishment women will be subjected to. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, Offside is shot in a realistic style without any tweaks. In fact, the film was made during the actual qualifying match against Bahrain, which took place on June 5, 2005. The “plot” was largely determined by the result on the field. If Iran wins the match, they will be qualified. If they lost, they would not lose. Since the World Cup came and went through, I don’t think it is a spoiler to say that Iran won the match. The celebration scenes at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film real authenticity. Seeing how much it meant to the people of Iran was very touching. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, one of the young women mentions seven fans who died during the match between Iran and Japan. March 25, just a few weeks ago. They were trampled to death after police began to spray the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that this was a real tragedy added another level of sharpness to the celebrations. <br /> <br /> I do not want to keep up with a long political cascade, but this film gave me real hope that there are those in Iran who are hoping for change and are working on it. Iran is a nation of young people, and it is only a matter of time when they take the place of their elders in the political sphere. Such films show the proud spirit of the Iranian people, despite its current difficulties, and I sincerely hope that it has a bright future.
