The stupid, but perceptive and formidable mafia boss Vick (excellent performance by Richard Dreyfus) is released from a psychiatric hospital. Several of Wick’s teammates include Ben London’s volatile “Brass Balls” minion (Hammie Gabriel Byrne’s superbly maniacal and unbelievable image), Jake Parker’s clever (self-satisfied Kyle McLachlan) and Jackie Jackson’s wicked opponent’s “Foolish” "Jackie Jackson Reynolds) everyone is trying to push Vick away. Meanwhile, the laid-back and confident assassin Mickey Holliday (of whom Jeff Goldblum plays well with restrained confidence) finds himself at the center of all this deadly madness. Writer / director Larry Bishop brings to this delightfully dark and ruthless comedy concerning betrayal, loyalty and ruthless ambitions, extremely poor, bizarre and original special sensitivity, dangerous for me. In dramatic duel held a field day with colorfully grotesque gallery of crooks with recklessly immoral and insidious bullies: Ellen Barkin as cool, sultry sweet Rita Everly, Henry Silva as a reliable right hand Wick Sleepy Joe Karisl, Gregory Hines in the role of the philosopher Smoothies Jules Flamingo, Diane Lane in the role of the sweet, cheerful mistress of Vic, Grace, Billy Drago in the role of the slippery Wells and Christopher Jones in the role of the crudely killed artist Nicholas Falco. The bishop makes the most of his juicy secondary role of the deadly and laconic Assassin Nick. In graceful episodes Billy Idol appears in the role of a noisy bandit, Michael J. Pollard in the role of the ill-fated Red, Joey Bishop as the undertaker of Mr. Gottlieb, Rob Reiner as the cheerful chauffeur and Richard Pryor in the role of Jimmy the Grave Digger. Byrne's delightfully insane duet with singer Paul Anka on "My Way" assesses a specific side effect. A tense and funny Mexican standoff also tickles a funny bone in hysterics. Frank Byers' smooth cinematography, the insanely crazy dialogue, the Earl Rose jazz cocktail cocktail and the choice soundtrack from the old, swinging golden old men further reinforce the extraordinarily fascinating charm of this extraordinarily interesting one-of-a-kind curio.
