Anna (Ursula Andress) is presented as the official R.N. Benito Warotto's former lover (Duilio Del Prete), allegedly to care for an aging widower, Count Leonid Bottacin (Mario Pizo), returned to health after a heart attack. But Benito actually leads a group of heirs and businessmen, including the American entrepreneur Mr. Kitsch (Jack Palance), with ulterior motives reflected in what we hope Anna really does with the count. He had a story with sympathy for women, and he would have been a little more “vulnerable” when he was cured. The bad guys get off the rails, because Anna does not go ahead and approaches the graph. The end can be called ironic, but it is probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much for the plot - this film is a completely erotic comedy, from beginning to end, and oh, so good. There are many nude scenes, including Anna and Joel, one of the vicious heirs played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are Bond's remarkable continental ex-women, and thus fulfill the fantasies of the male audience. As in Thunderball (recall Fion Volpe), Lucian plays a femme fatale, seemingly, though not so elegant. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene — Anna’s full (slow) runway and a jump in bed with young Adon, “another patient” (who is incredibly resisting), is trying to figure out what he knows about the plot. But even at this moment, she is already two-faced (for the better), because she decided to disagree. However, Benito is more than double with women, who has had long breaks in the past with Anna and Joule, and the opponent's best erotic scene follows an argument filled with envy (to put it mildly) between him and Joule. This is a constant clash, in which Luciana is only black panties. Another nice thing is Ursula, who is completely naked in the manor pool. The count is free, as a client, to lay his hands on Ursula where he wants, and he uses it. Hey, somehow I went back to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women include a fun chase after a naked wine cellar. "Sensual nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it is not necessary - she is pleasant without interruption, start to the end. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
