I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I don't think I ever liked him in everything I saw him. The first scene of this film confirmed my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, playing a somewhat ridiculous looking character, riding a motor scooter around New York, looking miserable and lost. “The typical loser of Sandler,” I thought. I almost gave up then and there. But then, when I got stuck with this, I discovered something that I had never known before: Adam Sandler can act! He is truly outstanding in this film as Charlie, a lost and lonely figure whose whole family (including the dog) was killed in one of the hijacked aircraft of September 11 and which as a result lost all contact with reality. Don Cheadle plays his former college roommate, who unexpectedly reunites with Charlie and takes on his mission to help him recover. Of course, Alan Johnson of Cheadle has its own problems and sources of unhappiness, and somehow these two men manage to help each other in overcoming difficulties. The two of them were quite plausible team, and Sandler, in particular, made Charlie real, having worked his emotions and feelings. This is not a Sandler comedy. If you are looking for it, go to his other, more stupid things. This is a rather heavy film - sometimes sad, sometimes encouraging and always exciting. There are some fun details in it. I liked the scene in which Charlie convinces Alan to confront his partners, reminding him of how cool he was in college, and then about the conversation they both had afterwards. <br /> <br /> I personally did not think that Saffron Burroughs had added much to the film in the role of Donna, an obviously needy Johnson patient. It seemed that the only reason for the character (based on one memory) was that she terribly resembled Charlie's late wife, but it was never developed, and I just did not care about the character. However, look for the role of the judge played by Donald Sutherland, who, it seemed to me, pinned this role. However, as I understand it, this is the film of Sandler, and he is for his excellent work. Definitely his best, in my opinion. 8/10
