Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), and he has two daughters (Camille Lache Smith and Imani Hakim). He also allowed his parents to stay in his huge apartment in New York. But for some reason he feels that his life is somewhat empty. On a typical day in the city, he sees his old roommate at college Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). Which Alan has not seen Charlie for many years. When Alan tries to make friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely depressed person who hides his true feelings from people who care about him. Since Charlie unexpectedly lost his family in a plane crash, they were on one of the aircraft on September 11, 2001. When Alan almost feels comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions his past, Charlie becomes cruel to Alan or anyone who mentions his late family. Now Alan is trying to help Charlie and trying to make his life easier. But Alan learns that getting Charlie to talk about his true feelings is more difficult than expected. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, Inverted Side of Wrath), he created a surprisingly touching human drama that is in moments of sadness, truth and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic game, which Sandler offers in his dramatic role more than in the hit-drunk love film by Paul Thomas Anderson. Cheadle is fine, as usual. Pinkett Smith is good as Alan's supporting wife, Liv Tyler is also good as a young psychiatrist, and Saffron Burroughs is quite good as a beautiful strange single woman who is madly in love with Alan. This film, unfortunately, was a disappointment at the box office, despite the fact that he had good reviews. The cast is first-class, the writer and director is wonderful, as well as the amazing widescreen cinematography of Ras T. Toobruka. The film has excellent locations in New York, so the movie makes New York a wonderful city that can be seen in the picture. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a clear anamorphic widescreen transmission (2.35: 1) and good Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround sound. The DVD also has a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, feature set, photomontage and previews. I expected more from DVD features such as a sound track with director comments and deleted scenes. Reign Over Me is definitely one of the best films released this year. I’m sure this movie looked great on the big screen. Unfortunately, I did not have the opportunity to see it in the theater. But this is also the movie that plays well on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack, and there are many familiar faces in supporting roles and episodic roles. Even the director has a small role in the role of Biran Sugarman, who is an actor himself. Reign Over Me is one of the most underrated pictures of this year. This is also the best Sandler movie for my taste since "The Wedding Singer". Do not miss it. HD widescreen. (**** 1/2 of *****).
