Most of those who attend this film will understand what it is about. A man loses his entire family and even his dog in flight from Boston on that fateful morning of September 11, 2001. What you probably won't recognize before watching this film is this: how it will be felt; What do you do with it; and how it will affect you and how you feel about every waking day? The story unfolds painfully slowly from the gate and then heats up pleasantly as it picks up a little speed, while the recently renewed relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) strengthens and begins to take shape. In this film, characters appear whose presence at first seems obligatory and underdeveloped, but in fact they remain with this story, and you will find that the simplicity of each character is what makes this story believable and accurate. Real people live in a real situation in which they can do a little, but stay aside until one of them falls apart. Charlie's pain in the soul is barely noticeable from the first acquaintance and intensifies as we learn more about his character, brilliantly revealed by Sandler as layers of onions. one layer at a time with ease and weight combined. This is such a subtle idea that it sneaks up on you and penetrates your head while you look at it on the screen. Alan Johnson from Cheadle is as thin and very don Cheadle. Always watchable, the ease that comes on when Cheadle on the screen speaks with his unsurpassed acting ability. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate in texture, as the situation requires. Fineman does not want friendship, nor anyone who interferes in his secluded life, and yet, the pleasant quality that Alan possesses is simple and fair enough to intrigue even a recluse, such as Charlie. It is Alan who has to carefully uncover Charlie’s carefully sealed life. In this there is an inherent danger. The more Alan pushes Charlie to the discovery, even involving friends and psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), the closer the danger is to push Charlie over the edge. This is the abyss that Charlie hesitates in every moment of wakefulness, and he learned to navigate in sheer denial. He denied everything that previously existed for him to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his grief is something he cannot deny. Sandler is so deeply immersed in the pain of his character during the unfolding of the story that by the time he meets his demons in the forehead, the viewer almost equally shares his pain. Alan is standing next to Charlie throughout this difficult process, risking undermining his own ideal family life - with his wife Jane with amazing grace and efficiency. (Jada Pinkett Smith) During the drive to recover, Charlie Alan looks into himself and acknowledges his own silent screams of death for the independence he once possessed and that the boy he lost becomes a man. His reward for helping Charlie helps him reconnect with what he lost. The theme is very similar to the Fisher King; another story about a man who isolates himself to madness from grief and loss. As in the case of the Fisher King, the story ends with a traditional theme. Donnie Remar (Saffron Burroughs) - a woman on the verge of collapse and a fragmentary patient of Johnson, who turns out to be unstable enough to complement her - "Lydia Sinclair" ("Edit Over Me"). Border Madness Charlie. This is a good ending to the story, but one element is probably the least likely to ring true. Again, maybe there really is someone for everyone. Devora MacDonald Vancouver, British Columbia
