In fact, I did not enter Reign Over Me, knowing exactly what to expect from the director or story. The plot was easy enough to understand, I suppose. The whole family of this guy died on September 11, and he expelled the world from his life. Good. I did not know whether he would use his attachment to terrorism as a platform for discussing certain issues related to him, and in fact this is not entirely obvious, therefore, if you are afraid that you will be surrounded by political views that may differ from your, I would not worry about it. I think that in the writing it was even noticed never to mention "the eleventh of September." <br /> <br /> Overall I was impressed. It was a very touching picture. The film has a sense of humor, and it is very sharp, but it is definitely a drama in which it matters. As a rule, I do not like to think that comedians are not capable of action, but sometimes, frankly, they do. Adam Sandler is definitely capable of that (and although I think you may disagree, Jim Carrey is also very versatile ... sometimes). The image of Sandler with Charlie Fineman took on a character that at first glance seems completely unreal and makes it absolutely believable. I read many reviews criticizing the writing of Alan Johnson’s wife (Don Chiddle in another superb role, if not one that seems similar to several of his more recent films), which Jada Pinkett Smith plays well, calling her static and boring, but absolutely not true. <br /> <br /> She has depth, but some of this lies behind the main story, which from time to time shifts to the center of attention. (It also reminds of some very unusual transitions made at the beginning of the film, with the strange disappearance of “Make everything out of focus.” After about the first 40 minutes they are no longer used. Perhaps this is important for the characters ’worldview, artistically, or they just realized how annoying it was.) The film gradually begins to reveal to us the meaning (one of several, but definitely the most obvious) of the story, which is that sometimes people have to face grief in their own way. Maybe it seems unorthodox to us, maybe it seems completely unhealthy, but maybe what some people want the most is just to forget. Just exist. The soundtrack for the film was excellent, and it used music to chase and heighten the mood, not create it, which honors actors and writers. <br /> <br /> The film takes its name from the song “Love, Reign, O'Mer,” from the rock opera “Who,” “Quadrofenia.” The song itself is rather insignificant for a real story, but it is heavily used in the film during the climax and at the very end. The film progresses well and he does not feel that it stretches somewhere in its length, which is just over 2 hours. If you can take Adam Sandler’s image of this deeply broken and broken man, you will like film. You will get entangled in the story and will truly feel the heroes in every minute . It's not the best movie of the year, and there is nothing revolutionary or positive, but overall it is very nice, watchable movie.
