September 11, 2001, millions were killed; but 2,819 lives ended especially badly. They were the victims of hijacking extremists, whose only task was to destroy buildings, but more importantly, people. This film details four people whose lives were cut short by this catastrophic event, and one person whose lives were destroyed as a result of the death of people. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler) A former dentist living in New York lost his wife and three children on September 11 when they were heading to Los Angeles. Emotionally destroyed by events, he ultimately loses touch with everyone who reminds him of his former life; including his relatives and his best friend (played by, respectively, Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender). He completely denies and tries to forget about his past life. This continues until he encounters his old college friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle), which Fineman does not seem to remember. These two are starting to catch up, but Fineman believes that Johnson was sent by people from his past life to convince him to find help. Slowly but surely, Fineman regains confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> While all this is happening, the life of Alan Johnson is on the wrong track. He himself is a person (dentist) who helps to start dental practice. Once a patient named Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) tries to make him a step, telling him that she would like to do oral sex for him. This is an unwelcome surprise for Dr. Johnson, as he is a married man with two children. When he comes home from work on a certain working day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to lower him. He has no success, but he gets another opportunity and convinces Feinman to take coffee with him so that he can catch up, despite the fact that Feinman does not know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting in this film is the motive of music. One of the physiological crutches of Fineman is music, especially Springsteen and other classical rock performers. When Faynman asked to talk about his past or talk about things that he finds unpleasant, he puts on headphones and drowns out the world with things of his music. <br /> <br /> When the film ended, I had, I think: how would I cope with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such tragic events. This is something we don’t think too often. We always think that they will be there, and we often take them for granted, whether we like it or not. We usually understand how important they are when it is too late; and such a blow can destroy someone physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really do not know how I can deal with something like that. Will I face this problem, cope with my life and live on, or will I just put on my headphones and block the world?
