Again and again, it seems that the Hollywood comedians surprise me with their talents of dramatic performers: first it was Robin Williams {One Hour Photo (2002) '}, then Jim Carrey {' Eternal Sunshine ?? '(2004) "one example", then Will Ferrell {"Stranger than Fiction (2006)"}, and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's exactly right: the guy who based his entire career on making brainless comedic fools {I don’t complain; I've always been a fan}, finally gave me an idea that he can be proud of. Of course, some readers might be wondering what happened to Punch-Drunk Love (2002), but I can only assure you that this is a film in which I now take steps to watch as soon as possible, as I heard that's awesome. My first film by Mike Binder, “Reign Over Me,” is an intellectual and respectful exploration of grief and friendship. Despite the fact that sometimes it falls into a very familiar territory, the rather predictable storyline turns out to be surprisingly deep and touching, and Sandler and Don Cheadle give unforgettable impressions. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he is not able to adequately communicate with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), and therefore his marriage is a bit shaky. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is a former roommate at Alan's College, a man who lost his entire family as a result of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and still faces his irresistible grief feelings. A disheveled figure with dirty hair and lowered eyes (often similar to Bob Dylan), Charlie gave up a career in dentistry and spends time alone: ​​listening to music with headphones that cut all the sound from the outside world, driving around Manhattan in his motorized scooter, plunging into fantastic video games and repeatedly repairing the kitchen of his apartment in accordance with the last wishes of his deceased wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in recent years, the latter does not even recognize an old friend, completely abandoning any memories to his life-destroying experience. In fact, at first he does not even recognize the existence of his family and suddenly loses his composure when someone invites him to seek advice. <br /> <br /> Initially, for filmmakers, it may seem a bit exploitative, using the attacks of September 11 as a narrator. After all, wouldn't it have been just as devastating if Charlie’s family had died in a normal, everyday car accident? However, if you believe that the director’s intention was to demonstrate the tremendous pain inflicted on ordinary citizens as a result of the tragedy, then “Edit me” does a very good job. It is easy to be so enthusiastic about meaningless statistics that you neglect the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; this is the first 9/11 oriented film that I saw, which really concerned the suffering of those who were not even involved, whose only agony was caused by the loss of those they loved. Adam Sandler shows an amazing range in a difficult role that would fall apart if he didn’t complete his task. Charlie Fineman, instantly torn between vivacity, anger and depression, is a person whom we can deeply sympathize with, an empty soul who, thanks to the communication of an old friend, can finally see the light at the end of a dark, gloomy tunnel.
