There may be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who died as a result of the tragedy (9/11 attacks), still grieves over his death. He runs into his former college roommate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two kindle their friendship. Alan vows to help his old friend come to terms with the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the main story "Reign over me." <br /> <br /> This film, however, talks about how fate intervenes in our lives, when we ourselves can be powerless to do something with our own states of being. Alan is stuck in a life that he knows is no longer satisfying. He feels deprived of friends and has lost touch with his own reality. He cannot communicate with his wife and work colleagues. He cannot express his feelings and as a result he feels lost and distant from his own world. He accidentally met Charlie on the streets of Manhattan when he was driving from work. In the end, he meets and discovers that Charlie (who does not initially remember Alan) lives in his false reality. Charlie returned at a time when he had no family. He lives as if he was still a student, playing in a rock band, collecting vinyl records from groups of the 60s and 70s and playing video games. He escaped to a better and safer time in his life, where there are no bad guys, and he has much less to lose. Everything in this film is somehow affected by the tragedy that affected Charlie and his remission to a previously excellent and better (?) Place. His mistress is his protector and great helper. His relatives are deducted from his life, because they will bring him back to the reality that his family has now gone from his life. And Alan is most exposed to his influence, because Alan wants (at first a selfish desire to escape from his own reality) to be with Charlie as a means to distract himself from his stifled reality, and then he wants to find a way to help Charlie start to recover from his guilt and denial of loss. It is through this relationship that Charlie can not only begin to heal himself, but, in fact, Alan learns to communicate and satisfy his true desires with his colleagues and, eventually, he can recognize his wife, whom he does not have to convey his real feelings for her, but he strongly wants, because he loves her. In fact, this is an acute moment in the film, when the material hit the fan, and Charlie is faced with the reality that he is removed when he and Alan together discuss the situation with the “Chinese”, which Charlie says he is worried about in Fact Alan, and not him. <br /> <br /> This film, if you allow it, will take you through a river of emotions and make you think. It will make you laugh at how Charlie uses his words, as people do in everyday life, to make a comic statement of the facts about the real situation. This will leave you on the verge of tears (in my case, real tears) when Charlie encounters his grief and starts to face his huge loss. And that in reality the tragic reality is his fault, and the loss has never really left him, and he coped with this only way he knew: denial. It will make you curse the cold, thoughtless actions of a young prosecutor trying to win his “case” (as I actually heard at Charlie’s hearing!), And make you smile at the common sense of the old and wise stern judge. (Donald Sutherland, who copes with his short, distinct role and gives the best results to a wise, stern personality in the legal profession, as Wilford Brimley played Assistant Attorney General in the absence of malicious intent.) surprising to me for several other reasons: (1) I never looked at my watch even once during the film. This means that I had from start to finish, (2) Although the cast was interracial, this fact was not important for the role-playing of film characters. The race was not a factor in playing roles in this film. Amazing people can really interact with this fact, being revealed! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is when Charlie’s financial attorney calls the tragedy of Charlie’s loss “Charlie 9/12.” Time will be a true test of how this film will differ in the future, but if the goal of the film is not just to entertain, but to make you think and make this film stay with you long after you leave the cinema, then “Edit me” as far as I could is phenomenal. I have not forgotten this wonderful film that makes you think, and I will look forward to the day when I can buy it as a DVD.
