“The Kingdom Over Me” is a success thanks to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comedians who play dramatic roles are considered something of a distraction, Sandler is no stranger to playing more serious roles. Most of the characters he portrays have an unstable nature and vulnerability that can explode at any time. He might even be the type for characters with such hidden anger problems. However, this performance has significant dramatic weight, unlike its roles in a less comedy film, such as “Punch-Drunk Love” and “Spanglish”. <br /> <br /> In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) runs into his old college roommate, Charlie Finerman (Sandler), whom he has not seen for several years. Five years ago, Charlie suffered a crushing loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie hardly recognizes Cheadle's character due to the suppression of his memories and, as a result, the hermit of a child's lifestyle after the accident. Only when Alan continues to involve him in the conversation, Charlie remembers who he is. Their renewed relationship will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not speak of his loss, which ultimately will allow him to confront the thoughts and feelings that he has suppressed on his own terms. <br /> <br /> Although writer / director Mike Binder doesn’t make much of an individual sense, and some of his shots and transitions are a bit awkward, he can play decent roles from his actors, being a talented and cheerful writer. He made this film with a digital camera, as more and more directors are doing today, allowing the film crew to shoot night scenes with limited lighting. This kept in focus the colorful backgrounds of New York, but as a result, a frequent digital grain was created that resembles the blue specks scattered and moving on the screen. <br /> <br /> Almost every major character in Reign Over Me gives an excellent performance. Jada Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler were remembered for their role as a disappointed wife in the character of Cheadle and a psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle who give some of their best work to date. They totally owned this movie. Sandler actually plays a character who does not look like himself at all and does not behave like himself, partially credited to his Bob Dylan-Esquire wig. Although Chadl’s character has more screen time than Sandler’s, they should both be considered as leading roles, as they both support and help each other the same way throughout the film. <br /> <br /> Music also plays a big role in this film, especially the title song “Reign Over Me” or “Love, Reign O'er Me” by The Who, and later “Pearl Jam”. At one of the most powerful moments of the movie, Binder shows that Sandler uses music to hide his feelings and memories, but this particular song causes such strong emotions that instead of reducing his anger, it causes his emotions. In general, Reign Over Me is a pleasant, sad, but many times funny film made by its amazing leading performances.
