Love hurts. This, I think, is the main message of Mike Binder's film “Reign Over Me”. Regardless of whether this love has led to stagnation in your relationship, or caused anger from someone you love to deceive for years, or broke your heart to inability to open yourself to the world, love hurts. However, the most remarkable thing about this film is not that it depicts lost souls trying to release their past sufferings, but to eventually restart new bonds for the future. No one in this drama is perfect; they are all, to some extent, emotionally locked in relationships that they cannot free from loneliness. There is some kind of plot material here, and I am grateful to Binder for the fact that he never turned history into a political diatribe, but instead brought some really pleasant comedy bits to serious moments, allowing the story to remain based on character and small compared to an epic event that looms overhead. What could become a commonplace tool for thinking about how the 9-11 influenced us all, ultimately becomes a story about two men and their connection, the only thing that can save their lives from a life of depression and regret. br /> <br /> This is a new career play for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was the first to see childish restrained anger in his stupid comedies as something dramatic to use. A character like Billy Madison’s adolescence allows for laughter and a little humor, but can also be used to demonstrate a depressed person, shy and withdrawn in the world around him, a person without confidence who needs compassion to break him. from his shell. Anderson allowed Sandler to do it in his masterpiece “Drunk Love”, and Mike Binder took another step forward. Sandler plays a former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the planes that smashed the World Trade Center 9-11. This moment ruined any of his life, and as a result he became a hermit and began to believe that he could not remember anything that happened before that day. He really represents a moving portrait of a person trying to hold a charade in his head, while those around him, those who love him, are trying to reveal his realities of what has happened and what will happen in the future. Always on the verge and ready to break at any moment when something is mentioned, to spark the memory of his lost family, he goes through life with his iPod and headphones, shutting it all down so as not to be tempted, remember. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Fineman, but about the dentist and family man Alan Johnson. A man who is trapped in marriage and dental practice, which both have fallen into monotony, Johnson needs the same help in his life as his old roommate at college Charlie. Ideally played by the always brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson lost his spine, trying to change his life. He has no friends, and when he sees Charlie, by chance, one day, his life turns into something he hasn’t felt in 15 years. He enjoys the opportunity to go out with an old friend, no matter how much he has changed since the death of his family. Cheadle's character wants to return to his student days, and Sandler does not mind, because it was all before he met his wife. Two men get what they want, and allow them to get close, despite the years of loneliness, which previously ruled their lives. As soon as they begin to unfold, it is inevitable that the subject of the tragedy will sneak up and check the facade that they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast does an amazing job helping to maintain the appearance for the two leads. Jada Pinkett Smith was never an actress who would have impressed me, and throughout the film she played the role of a wife perfectly, but it was her last scene on the phone with Chidlom really showed me something different and truthful. Liv Tyler is a little crazy, like a psychiatrist, but the film calls her for this fact and makes an erroneous, perfect cast. Many small cameos are also effective, even the role of writer / director Mike Binder as an old best friend and accountant Sandler (my only trouble is why he feels the need to put his name in the opening credits as an actor when he is everywhere, considering this film). Last but not least, these are beautiful saffron burrows. She is a great actress and plays in love with discord, trying to miraculously get her life back. A role that at first seems comical, but ultimately becomes an integral part of the future. <br /> <br /> Binder created one of the best dramatic character studies I have seen in a long time. The direction is almost flawless (the blur between the slots and the characters in the foreground / background really annoyed me at the beginning), the acting excellence and the story, true to yourself, never choosing the easy way or wrapped neatly tied a bow at the end. Even the music was fantastic and was used to improve, not to lead us emotionally (why, after two great uses of the title song of The Who Binder, there was a need to use Eddy Veddar’s remake for the end, I don’t know, but it unfortunately stuck for me). “Reign Over Me” is a film about love and that, although it can cause the most terrible pain you can imagine, it can also save us from regret and allow us to see the world again as a place of beauty and hope.
