This film was shown last night at the main theater in Austin as part of the SXSW film festival. We were grateful to the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, who asked questions to the audience after the film. This is a wonderful and powerful film about what it means to lose yourself and start coming back. The performances are phenomenal, and the story manages to be tragic and funny, which is too rare. (The movie trailer tries too hard to emphasize the comedic aspects.) <br /> <br /> This is the role for Adam Sandler. While he began to move to more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is a significant step forward for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination as he continues to move to more dramatic roles, as Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey did. In this role, he seemed to be trying to direct Dustin Hoffman in The Rain Man. Although the game of an autistic person is certainly very different from Sandler's injured character, both characters for various reasons are trapped in their own worlds of childish isolation and confusion. <br /> <br /> Don Cheadle's game is not so amazing, but just so good. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we expect wonderful nuances from Cheadle. He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that manifest themselves in this role. But he, too, is broken and struggling, if not in such a deep way as the character of Sandler. The head is struggling with both marriage and professional life as a dentist. Together, the heroes of Chaddle and Sandler are trying to heal each other the way real friends do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in The Goodwill Hunt). They are both looking for the part of themselves that they have lost, and are trying to find again. <br /> <br /> Reign over Me is one of the best major studio films released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the plot, is wonderful. Shooting on the streets of New York - a city that survived a huge tragedy and also had to be healed - is also quite beautiful. The supporting roles of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burroughs (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder himself are very good. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Mike Binder really put up a story with which so many people will be able to connect at different levels. This is a story about sorrow, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. The reign over me does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic, as it draws its characters into the life. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if he made more adorable character-driven films, such as Reign over Me.
