Everyone is surely familiar with this most famous of the stories ?? on Christmas Eve, the ghost of his dead partner visits a heartless businessman and warns that if he continues on his indifferent path, he will be doomed to the afterlife in chains. To avoid the fate of his partner, he is visited by three spirits who show him the visions of Christmas past, present and future, so that I hope he will see the mistake of his ways before it is too late. You might think that this is a rather painful story, but this is the classic Charles Dickens, as well as one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the final version of the eternal history of Dickens. ; this is the one whom I always remember when I looked at school, and I remember that I was absolutely scared by this! The ghost of Jacob Marley, the final scene with the ghost of a Christmas present under the bridge and the ghost of Christmas not yet come, especially I found it very frightening. How the hell did the film get the U certificate? (For non-British readers, “U” is the lowest classification, it means that the family is friendly and the children are welcome, nothing scares them, etc.) This is certainly not the case, as some young children, of course, find the last segment positively intimidating with the grim reaper ghost of the Christmas future. <br /> <br /> Anyway, of the many versions of this classic story that I have seen adapted for the cinema, this is probably the truest book. Particularly noteworthy is the fragment, which is rarely found in the film versions of the original text of the film - the ghost of a Christmas present, showing Scrooge's two children hidden under his clothes (nowadays you will never get such a scene!). the children represent Ignorance and Need (although in this film they changed to Desire). <br /> <br /> The criticism for me, however, becomes obvious when I look at her again with more objective and trained eyes, the main one of which is George S. Scott depicts Scrooge just is not cold enough. He laughs too much. I do not want to use the word “cheerful”, because, of course, Ebenezer is nothing but he, but he seems to be just a grumpy old man, and not just an unscrupulous, cold and indifferent person who is present in the book and other films. Patrick Stewart superbly portrayed him in one of the most recently shot versions, and Michael Caine, despite playing with Muppets, was completely cold. In addition, character development over the course of the film, when he learns more about the mistake of his paths and rises towards redemption, is unconvincing and seems inconsistent. He seems to have changed little by the time he reaches the last lesson of the third spirit. <br /> <br /> But ignoring this (albeit the main) impetus, it is still a fascinating and ultimately heartbreaking Christmas tale, as all Christmas films should be. London, of course, looks like the perfect picturesque freaky snowy English city that many Americans probably imagine it is still (the truth is that even then London was gray and dirty, and any snow would never be so white! ) so immaculately dressed, even poor people look pretty decent. But, of course, this is a Christmas movie, so why shouldn't everything look beautiful? Perfect viewing of the holiday season; in conjunction with the copies “This is a wonderful life”, “Miracle on 34th Street” and “Snowman”, and you have everything you need.
