This modern film noir with its unusual humor and a dizzying series of plot twists offers a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and great entertainment from beginning to end. It is impossible not to empathize with an honest, modest hero or to be captured by the ways by which he tries to escape from the terrible difficulties in which he finds himself, therefore all you can do is to fasten your seat belt and enjoy the Ride. <br /> <br /> The story of an ordinary guy who makes a bad decision and then discovers that the consequences are pushing him into an uncontrollable sequence of events from which he cannot get out is a pure noir film. The same applies to the themes of murder, deception, corruption and duplicity, which are common everywhere. Also present are many of the familiar visual noir motifs, such as the method of igniting cigarette smoke, rain roads soaked in night roads, heavily shaded interiors and lines of shadows (created by louver doors) on people's faces. /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), an injured war veteran with no money or work, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming, and his owner, Wayne Brown (J. T. Walsh), mistaken for a hired killer, he got a job to kill his wife Susanna (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, naturally a discreet person, does not do anything to dissuade Wayne from his delusion, especially since he could use the work and at first did not understand what was expected of him. After he was told what his mission is, and received an advance of $ 5,000, he goes to Susanna and warns her about Wayne’s plan. She seems not to be too concerned about the danger in which she is, and is offering Michael the double payment that Wayne offered to kill his husband. <br /> <br /> Michael decides to take the money he received from both sides. and leave the city. However, his plan fails when he accidentally enters a man who stands in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital to treat his injuries. At the hospital, everything becomes more complicated when it turns out that the patient is Susanna's mistress and he has two bullets in his stomach. This leads to the participation of local law enforcement officers and the discovery that Wayne is the sheriff! From this point on, everything becomes even more complex and, of course, even more dangerous, especially when the real killer Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper) takes the stage. <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" moments of waiting (an example of this is the scene in which Michael escapes from Wayne's bar), as well as some excellent performances from his very strong cast. Nicholas Cage’s expressions are extremely natural and convincing because he responds to different situations with anxiety, surprise or uncertainty, and J.T. Walsh is also particularly good as a deceptive character who always hides more than he actually says. Dennis Hopper is strongly threatened as an evil contract killer (the role he plays with great pleasure), and Lara Flynn Boyle looks rather cold and calculating, like a femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also provides good support and moments of humor in his role as the main truck driver. <br /> <br /> Incredibly, Red Rock West was originally intended to be denied the release of a general film, but it justifiably arose from its humble beginnings to ultimately be recognized as a great film, which it really .
