Wonderful old-fashioned thriller, like a cross between Alfred Hitchcock and David Lynch, Red Rock West, monitors accidents with injured veteran unemployed oil worker, Mr. N. Cage, as his luck gets worse and worse after that as he finishes with an empty gas tank and barely enough money for a cup of coffee in one town behind. From the very beginning, it was established that Mr. Cage may be killed, but he is not, and he may be ruined, but he will not steal, even in his current difficult circumstances. Therefore, when he is mistaken by Mr. J.T. Walsh for the man he commissioned to kill his wife, Mr. Cage urges his wife to warn her of her husband’s intentions. In turn, she, represented by Miss LF Boyle, offers him even more money to kill Mr. Walsh. Mr. Cage decides to leave while he is still ahead, but when he leaves the city, he hits the man on the road. Having got rid of the opportunity to drive, he takes the man to the hospital, where it turns out that he was shot dead. Mr. Cage is detained by deputies who call the sheriff, who turns out to be Mr. J. T. Walsh. Events take an even more complicated turn when, fleeing from custody, Mr. Cage barely avoids colliding with a real killer on the way to fulfilling his mission. Currently, you can be forgiven for what you have “thought” enough for, but be that as it may, what is happening on the screen seems like a completely logical turn of events, the narrative flow of the film at this moment seems unstoppable. Mr. D. Hopper is comfortable playing the role of an assassin, like Mr. Cage, a USMC veteran. This little piece by chance allows Mr. Cage to stay alive for a long time, thinking about the murderous trio and surviving, a little more beaten, but still unbalanced. It is a tribute to all the participants that the fact that on paper sounds wonderful, like a piece of nonsense, is in fact a tense, exceptionally well-made picture with beautiful performances from all sides. Red Rock West is a movie for fans. In five minutes you will know that you have traveled to places where you were before, but you will be very happy during the trip.
