Here we have a damn good nineties thriller, which, although it may not be enough in essence, still provides excellent entertainment during the whole period of its work, and generally does everything that you might want to see this kind of movie was filmed. I saw this film mainly because it was shot by John Dahl - a highly underrated director of such great thrillers as “The Last Seduction”, “Schuler” and “Roadkill”. I thought that if this film were at the level of what I had already seen from the director, it would be worth seeing - and Red Rock West is definitely a film that Dahl can be proud of. The plot focuses on the overly moral Michael; A man travels around America in search of work. He eventually finds him when he stumbles upon a bar in Red Rock County - the only advantage is that the task is to kill the man’s wife. He was mistaken for a killer named Lyle, but instead of doing work; he plays both sides against each other and ultimately plans to escape. However, his attempts to escape did not succeed, and he found himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle appeared ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seems to like to install thrillers on the road; he did it three years earlier with Kill Me Again, and again almost ten years later from this movie with Roadkill. It is easy to see why Dahl chooses this kind of location, because it creates an incredible atmosphere for a thriller like this. Dahl also provides his film with an atmosphere similar to “film noir”, since the plot is mainly focused on the main character, and the word into which it sinks is full of dark and mysterious characters. The acting is pretty much pretty: Nicolas Cage copes well with the role of leader and gets class A support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and, of course, Dennis Hopper; which once again commands the screen with its superb performance. I must say that the second half of the film is not as exciting as the first, but Red Rock West is certainly never boring, and how Dahl organizes the grand final is excellent, since all the main characters become a part of it. In general, Red Rock West is a film that you can hardly regret. It is exciting everywhere, and you cannot ask much more!
