Ealing Studios, a television and film production company based in West London, claims to be the oldest film studio in the world. Although he constantly produced films and television programs from the 1930s, his golden age was undoubtedly between 1948 and 1955, when he released a series of comedy masterpieces, many of which played the main role of the great Alec Guinness. Such famous names include “Whiskey is plentiful! (1949), Pimlico Passport (1949), Kind Hearts and the Crownman (1949), Lavender Hill Mob (1951), Titfield Lightning Strike (1953) and Ledikillers (1955). 'One of Ealing Studio’s most beloved films,' The Man in the White Suit ', was released in 1951, and starring Alec Guinness in the role of Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who creates great fabric, an invention that unexpectedly makes him more enemies than friends. <br /> <br /> Sydney Stratton is poor and undervalued, but he has great scientific talent. Due to his lack of qualifications, he can only work as a cleaner or worker at any of the large textile factories, where he secretly conducts his own experiments, using his own money and company equipment. Having been discovered and expelled countless times, Sydney is convinced that he is only a few weeks away from an important scientific discovery that will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of the textile factory Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker) takes a keen interest in the exploits of Sydney and agrees to finance any further work. After numerous failed attempts and several terrific explosions, Sydney eventually presents his amazing creation: an almost glowing white fabric that never gets dirty and never wears out. <br /> <br /> If Sydney thought that his invention was to make him a hero, then he would be very disappointed. The all-powerful textile industry bosses, led by fragile Sir John Kirlo (Ernest Teziger), combine to ensure that a revolutionary invention that can completely damage their business will never go into full-scale production. Similarly, the modest workers in the union hear about the creation of Sydney, and also intend to wipe it off the face of the earth, fearing for their work. However, the inventor is convinced that the eternal tissue will bring relief and happiness to many, and refuses to give in to the demands of others, despite the fact that he is threatened with violence, and offers compensation in the amount of 250,000 pounds sterling. Despite all his problems, in order to announce his invention to the media, only one person offers Sydney her full sympathy and support, the daughter of Daphne Birnley, who is engaged to be married to someone else, but still falls in love Sydney. <br /> "The Man in the White Suit" is a clever and funny comedy, perfectly executed by an ingenious script (written by John Dayton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a quirky and charismatic performance of the inimitable Alec Guinness. There are also some good-natured failures in capitalism and how large industries can hold back progress for their own monetary situation, although we can certainly see arguments for any of the parties to the debate.
