A man in a white suit, often labeled as a comedy, puts out far more than a giggle. <br /> <br /> Sydney Stratton is an eccentric inventor who has no chance to blossom his inventions on the world, because no one pays attention to him, he is just an accidental person who seems to be working in this place. After he bluffed at the Birnley textile factory, he uses their laboratory to achieve his goal - to invent a fabric that not only wears out, but does not need to be cleaned! At first, he is proclaimed a genius, and those who ignored him, at first suddenly want to get him most, but then disastrous omens of the ruining industry raise their heads and the greeting quickly turns into something far more terrible. <br /> <Yes, the film is very funny, in fact, some of the scenes are damn funny, but this is a satirical edge of the movie that raises it above me. The controversy over the advent of technology is a key topic: do we want inventions that will save us when we close the industry? You only need to see what happened to the coal industry in the UK to understand what I'm talking about. The decade in which the film was shot is crucial, the creation of nuclear weapons was not just a concept of rumors, science was developing in a frighteningly new scale. You are watching this film and see a quick turn of events for the protagonist Stanley, from hero to enemy in one fell swoop, a victim of his own striving for the best of humanity! So dark, the film was to be called The Man in the Black Suit. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I can't find anything wrong with this film, the script from Roger MacDougall, John Dayton and director Alex Mackendrick could be filmed today, and it would not be out of place this is the sharpness and thought of the mind, which he has. The sound and settings are stunning, the direction is smooth, with a tonal shift, deftly controlled by Mackendrick. Some of these scenes are just wonderful, one of them, in particular, jerks the heart strings and makes you think about a certain scene in the film “The Elephant Man” by David Lynch about 29 years later, and yet after such a decline in events, the film still manages to take winking at the genius of Alec Guinness, he closes the film so that viewers not only reflect on the future of Stanley, but all of us in this rapidly developing world. <br /> <br /> Eternal masterpiece, thematically and as a work of art, 10/10.
