In my opinion, the best of Eling’s comics and one of my favorite films of all time. The theme “workers versus management” (with a lot of talk about trade unions and rights) may now date the film a little, since it is no longer discussed, but this does not prevent the White Suit from becoming a show stopping the classics. . <br /> <br /> The story of a person trying to create a revolutionary new fabric that leads to confusion in the textile industry doesn't sound exciting when it is recorded, but the film retains that spark of fantasy mixed with reality that marks it as Ealing's real comedy. The fabric repels dirt and never wears out! The title white suit that Alec Guinness wears throughout the entire second half becomes the centerpiece for several iconic images and episodes, such as Guinness, able to use his unbreakable thread to scale a blank wall! The script itself is full of a dry mind - "Is he all right?" "Yes." "A pity". - and the characteristic is first class. I am always amazed at the beautiful direction in these films. Comedy of later epochs took the mentality of “aiming the camera at the actors and letting them shoot”, but Ealing's films always tried to create interesting lighting, perspectives and innovations. This film is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, the cast raises the material to dizzying heights. Alec Guinness gives a fantastically low view with eyes that convey surprise, joy and a crushing defeat when history demands it. Stratton is a man forgetting everything except his work. Such a reticent character could quickly become dull or annoying, but Guinness effortlessly makes him likable, so much so that the final stages of the film cause a real sense of urgency as Stratton tries to come out on top in a world that wants to bury everything he ever worked on. . Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles, and she, as usual, is pleased to watch, as does Cecil Parker and slimy Michael Gough; everyone laughs without even trying. This is a funny British understatement at its best. <br /> <br /> “A Man in a White Suit” is 81 minutes of sheer brilliance, with a great storyline, a great cast, sparkling wit, and healthy portions of cynicism. Absolutely top notch.
