One of the things that makes Ealing's comedy so incredibly fun is smart editing. Frames that are considered absolutely necessary for most modern comedies are intentionally missed. (This is what was known as an underestimation of the British.) <br /> <br /> Three cases: the comic battle is edited as follows. Alec Guinness has invented a new fabric that will destroy the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him to their office to try to get him to sign a contract, on which he gives up control of the fabric so that it can stop production. When he catches it, Guinness gets up and turns to go to the door. Two men blocked his path. “Sorry,” he says quietly, taking a step forward. Two men move between Guinness and the camera. Cut. The secretary sits outside at his desk. There is silence until the buzzer starts to signal to her frantically. She takes her notebook and opens the door to the inner office, where the full-fledged noisy Donnibruk is going, and the room is half destroyed. Guinness runs out of the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example would be unthinkable today. At the research stage of his invention, Guinness creates a complex chemical apparatus, but instead of turning an experimental liquid into a new tissue, the device explodes. Again and again it explodes. The laboratory is cleared of all the rest of the work. The explosions continue. Ceilings are falling. The windows are broken. The research director is sitting at his desk in a tiny office full of rubbish with a bandage on his head. When the door opens behind him, he jumps into the air with his foot. “Sit down,” he tells the visitor, “at any moment there is one more.” It is incredibly funny - and there is not a single shot. It would be impossible to imagine without a fireball and, possibly, a building collapsing in slow motion. <br /> <br /> The last example, consisting of a series of quick, ruthless cuts, made up accurately. Guinness is stalked and cornered in the lobby of an office building by people who want him to sign a contract. Faced with two men who are going to fight him, Guinness maintains a resolute expression. He hits the pedestal with an iron bust on it. The bust topples over and hits the wall. There is a shot lasting about one second from hitting the bust against the wall. Another short shot of the metal shield hanging over the bust, which faltered and fell. Quick transition to the head of the Guinness, rising in the frame. Two people are looking at the camera, and terrible brass strikes and rumbling sounds are heard from the screen. Guinness on the back. No one today would have no advice not to show that Guinness is crowned with this shield. <br /> <br /> I will not continue this. This is a good comedy, but rather bitter because of all this gaiety. Solving one set of problems, Guinness created dozens of others. He is confronted with both leadership and labor, and none of them provides great advantages. And, of course, the economic consequences are not only related to the fabric. “What about that car running through the water with a pinch of one or the other in it?” One of the workers asks. “In the interests of selfishness,” comments another worker, and Thorstein Veblen nods in his grave. What would happen if our energy problems were solved overnight? If I owned Exxon shares - and I think so, - I would have shuddered at the thought. Where would the oil industry be if there was no longer a need for oil? In this respect, where will the police and the FBI be if the crime suddenly disappears? This is a thoughtful and very funny movie, superbly filmed and edited. The list of performers is incomparable. Joan Greenwood with that hoarse voice. Blinding Cecil Parker. Wheezing mummified Ernest Teziger. <br /> <br /> Great job around.
