MAN IN THE WHITE ART, like “I AM ALL RIGHTS OF JACK”, looks at labor and capital poorly. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius, but eccentric (he never received a university education due to ... an error ... an accident in a college lab). He manages to push himself into various industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the film begins, he is in the company of Michael Gough, and Gough (at a memorable moment) tries to impress his potential father-in-law (Cecil Parker) by showing him the company in the form of a ship, which he directs. At lunch, with her daughter Parker and Parker (Joan Greenwood), Gough receives a message about some of the problems associated with the unexpectedly large problems of the lab's budget. He reads huge expenses (due to the Guinness experiments) and suffocates from his coffee. <br /> <br /> Guinness continues to work at Parker's firm and repeats the same tricks as with Gough - but Parker also discovers this. , Greenwood discovered what Guinness is working on and convinces Parker to continue the experiments (but now according to the law). Result: Guinness and his assistant, apparently, figured out how to make an artificial fiber that can constantly change electronic bonds within its molecular structure so that (for all intents and purposes) the fiber remains in tact forever. Any textiles made from it will never fade, will not get dirty and will not wear out - it will last forever. <br /> <br /> Guinness gets support from a female steward, but not from her boss. He sees that Guinness sells rich. But when he explains to them what he did, they turn against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever, they will not need new clothes! Soon, fellow textile tycoons Parker (led by Gough, Ernest Theysinger - in excellent performance and Howard Marion-Crawford) equally panicked at what could put an end to their business. They seek to suppress the invention. Having only Greenwood in his corner (although Parker seems to sympathize with him), Guinness is trying to convey to the public the news of his discovery. <br /> <br /> In the end, Guinness is defeated not only by greed, but also by science. But he finishes the film, seeing an error in his calculations, and we assume that one day he will still be able to make his discovery. <br /> <br /> This is a brilliant comedy. But is the argument for suppression correct? At some point, there are difficulties in making textiles (you need to heat the threads to a high temperature in order to actually connect the ends of the material. There is nothing that would stretch the fabric if the owner is getting fat (or a contract if the owner is losing weight.) that people want only one set of clothes forever? What happened to fashion changes and new styles? And the fabric is made only in white color (which makes Guinness look like a white knight). We are told that the color dye should be added earlier in the process. It does not affect the chemical reactions that support the structure of the fabric? <br /> <br /> Alas, this is not so. A scientific article, but a film about the hypocrisy of labor and capital in modern industry. As such, it is brilliant. But those questions which I mention, worry me about the veracity of suppressing the invention of Guinness
