“Liberation” is a good example of what wonderful movies came out of the 70s. Although your jaw dropped during the movie The Terminator, are you truly sacred? I don’t think so, because you’re here to see which new CGIs are related to each other — the plot doesn't matter. <br /> <br /> So many daily situations can become terrible without any reason, because many people involved in everyday life are like going to the market ..... or walking in a dimly lit street. “Liberation” is SO scary, because these innocent actions can turn into a fatal blow. Going to deep forests is fun? Anyone who has such an idea, does not read newspapers, does not watch daily news and has not seen other films that show the seriousness of "penetration" in an area where outsiders are not welcome. Almost unbelievably, the avant-garde Deliverance did not inform almost everyone who was going to look at it that it was not a picnic, and “screaming like a pig” was not part of “Deulling Banjos”. <br /> <I hate the term "hills" because, as some "users" have written, it humiliates entire regions of people who are very pleased to live as they know - without the intervention of modern life. Much is made of "inbreds" - this is not the sexuality inherent in the wilderness. Chinatown should teach us this lesson. However, city dudes are extremely stupid to enter a closed society and give them attitude. I know a lot of "crack" - they are moral people, if you keep them. Their “justice” can be cruel when they feel threatened or humiliated, as well as “justice” on city streets. They do not need any part of the city - the city should go on a canoe and camping in legal places. <br /> <br /> “Liberation” was the last film I found in John Voight for any real game - I hope I am mistaken. For the Midnight Cowboy, he was extremely underpaid because he was unknown, but he demonstrated that he could fulfill this role without delay. His game in Liberation was excellent. This gave us a clear demonstration that ordinary people can move mountains if necessary, but who do they want to consider today "ordinary"? His depressed sobbing at dinner was magnificent. Blimey! for Bert Reynolds !!! We must ask what brought him to these other tasteless films? His manliness, albeit erroneous, in this film set the pace for the endurance necessary to escape from the desert - not only in the deep forest, but also in the desert of everyday life. Ned Beatty was a star - perhaps Versace was not sewn on his underwear, but his shocking performance was perfect. As noted, he became stronger than any group by the end of the film. Ronnie Cox brought a moral guy to his senses - everyone should be determined to do what is right. Several "users" suggested that he was shot, or he lost his balance when he rushed into the river - my theory is that he was so averse to the whole journey that he committed suicide. No shot was heard at the scene, and Voit and Beattie found no wounds. <br /> <br /> James Dycey certainly knows how to gossip, and was great as a sheriff - they say that he was terrified of acting, he would come to the set drunk every day. His character could see that the three canoes were guilty of survival, but also knew that they had no chance against the jury of local residents, no matter how friendly they were with Aintree. He also knew that the malice of the locals could be cruel. Justice? “Don't come back here again.” Few “users” knew that “goats” were used in the film, where it was possible - which actors could have portrayed them better? "Mountain People" were in fact mountain people ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play it. Play? Better "fight for your life." I ran into some almost dangerous incidents, and I am pleased with life outside the fight - you guys who feel that your courage is rampant can take part in this. <br /> <br /> That we have absolutely killed - and continue to do so - irreplaceable areas of this country. The ability to see its greatness on any media is fascinating, but it leaves a bitter taste, realizing that this is indifferent to some. Los Angeles, where I live, is an excellent example: it is built up right in areas for wild animals and firmly believes that humans precede animals. These are their legal habitats - we must leave them alone. Any wonder why coyotes, bears and wolves roam the neighborhood? They belong to them. <br /> <br /> In some less threatening form, we all have to learn from “Liberation” - in order to understand that our technological advancement does not lead to superiority. I am grateful to all those city pajamas that went out into the desert to create this modern classic so that it can scare me when I look at it. You can experience the thrill - I will stick to the TV. 30-out-10.
