“Liberation” is a 1972 horror film by John Boorman about a group of four businessmen from Atlanta (Burt Reynolds, John Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox) who take a canoe trip on the Kahulavassi River before the river is closed. On the way, a lot of unpleasant things happen to men (without a pun intended). Despite the unpleasant events in this photo, Burman perfectly reflects the natural beauty of the river. The location was really well chosen. Indeed, it would be a very good movie to watch if the canoe trip went smoothly. Lush forests and gentle landscape only make the horror even more awful. This is not only a picturesque place, but also beautifully filmed thanks to the cinematographer Vilmos Zhigmond. It is said that the performance of Burt Reynolds in nature, Lewis, is the main role in this film. I believe, however, that John Voight steals the show with his role as a suburban family man, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his behavior in order to survive. In fact, the scene in which the rock climbs was not a stuntman. It was Voight himself. To cut costs, the filming was not insured, and the actors did their own stunts. The soundtrack deserves special attention. The performance of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel on guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos sequence remains one of the most amazing pieces of soundtrack in cinema history due to the apparent intensity of its performance. In several other moments of the film, we are treated with softer banjo music, which provides a very pleasant accompaniment to a trip along the river. In all the positive aspects of this film, I found it a little out of place in the goal. This does not create tension very well, and in fact it is not as terrible as we used to believe. The plot itself is somewhat poor and not going anywhere. However, this film has enough good moments to get my recommendation. I liked it, but not so much for Gore fans. Not really. This is not so much a horror movie as an adventure film that gets a little sour. Think of it like Rambo: First blood meets three men in a boat. Look for the very young Charlie Burman as the son of Ed. I really liked this film, soundtrack, cinematography and acting skills, which deservedly receive 7 out of 10.
