When the film strikes you with its disturbing, brooding atmosphere and captures you by the throat of stunning cinematography, you just realize that you have stumbled upon the pleasure, the masterpiece of the film. Although with most modern films, which, like many others, are extremely pleasant, those that really shock you are the strongest, and those that are most acclaimed by critics and mostly stay with you for life. I proudly say that I am a fan of films that worry not only horror films, but also those that cause a hunch. Films such as Destruction and The Missing, which cause cold in your spine, make you think “holy crap that can happen to me” and visually seduce you, there with some of my favorite aspects in the film. Since I am only 21, I did not grow up with such actors as Burt Renolds, John Voight and Ned Beatty, although I know them, I did not observe how they grow and act as actors, unlike actors such as Shea LaBouf and justin long. I have to say that after the long hype and first look at “Liberation” I was so fascinated by these veteran actors in a film that was shot more than 30 years ago, and is still terrified by the competition with modern films. Bert Reniolds plays Lewis, the self-proclaimed leader of a group of four friends, traveling in a canoe on a fictitious river before the dam is built, filling all wildlife with water. Renold's character is an experienced adventurer, a kind of nonsense, full of masculinity. Seeing him, I portrayed a cool guy, made me think of him as an actor in a different way, because I only saw him as an old-fashioned guy or an evil politician. The dialogue that the director gives his character gives him enough anger to be a strong and even frightening leader. Ronnie Cox and Ned Beatty play like budding adventurers, Drew and Bob respectively, joining in the fun of the canoe trip. The actor I really enjoyed watching was John Voight, again, I only saw him as a more adult actor, however, unlike Renold, for example, I really liked Voight’s game (and I don’t consider Anaconda when I say that) , for example films about national treasures. Voight is played by Ed, who, like Lewis, has an adventure experience, but is considered a more restrained character, a reluctant hero / leader, and definitely devoid of Lewis's courage. The film basically starts with four people entering a small town, while asking to find someone to take their cars to the bottom of the river while they are rafting on the doorsteps and setting up camp along the riverbank. You immediately get an eerie atmosphere from familiar characters, such as a fierce child playing the infamous Dueling Banjo game at the beginning of the movie with Ronnie Cox's character Drew; and, all the more, two mountain men in films are crucial and disturbing the scene of rape. As in all atmospheric films, from this point on, fear and confusion fill the characters and the audience, and it is here that we see how the characters take shape and change shape. The subsequent canoe trip was cleverly filmed, and it is from here that men fight against the chances of both man and nature for survival. The film's cinematography does not give up, and I reinforce this commentary with a scene in which Ed fights with one of the Highlander rapists with the help of a complex bow. When Ed falls on one of his arrows and notices an enemy approaching him, cocks a rifle, only to shoot at the floor when he falls with an arrow on his neck; Perhaps it was the biggest cinematic picture I saw in the film. Summarizing, we can say that Deliverance is one film, the horror and atmosphere of which transfer the mood, and today it remains one of the best films in the history of cinema.
