This is one of the greatest films in history. This is a classic for all time. The character played by Ned Beatty is undergoing one of the greatest screen transformations ever depicted. He is a small, almost useless, overweight insurance seller. He is proud of his ignorance and, nevertheless, considers the ignorant "back to front". When he congratulates the old man on his hat and the old man answers: “You know nothing,” the tone sets. This is true. He really doesn't "know anything." But once the anal rape turns up later, the man is practically a warrior. His shallow, fake courage turns into serious determination. The old self is dead forever, left in some distant forest and will soon be under hundreds of feet of water. What about Lewis, our fearless guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he's just nuts. Burt Reynolds showed himself as an actor back in 1972 in this film, fully giving himself to this remarkable role. Who would not want to have such a friend as Lewis, if he had to risk the dangers of a forgotten / soon left behind world, similar to the one in which our unfortunate travelers found themselves. This film tells us on many levels. The story seems real. It works as a complete action / adventure, with wonderful cinematography and a deliberate, grinding rhythm. It looks like a horror film with the danger and almost surrealism of encounters with vile goons that objectify their “pig” Ned Beatty. But it also works as a feature film, using an incredible amount of symbolism to convey the truths that go to our very essence. I have seen this film at least fifty times, and every time it appears, I have to watch it. You have to watch it quite a few times to even begin to understand it. This is one deep film. This is one well played movie. And this is one hell of a story. I gave him 10 of 10, and put him in my 10 greatest films of all time ever made, along with Schindler's List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver and Slinger, among others. Films that make you think. Films that go beyond having to think. Films that use HISTORY to express their point of view without trying to preach to you. If you think you know Liberation, you can, but, again, you cannot. It really is so good.
