“Deliverance” is a terrific thriller, as exciting as any good thriller should be, but also frighteningly frightening. Although it is not a horror movie, it is as terrifying as any classic horror movie. The very thought of being a normal red man, enjoying adventure weekend miles from any form of civilization, only to be captured and raped by a pair of cruel goats is certainly the worst nightmare for 99.9% of the world's population. Liberation would have been easy to slip into the territory of exploitation, but John Boorman skillfully avoided the temptation to go this way and created a film that explores, questions and challenges the very meaning of masculinity. With so many films, you go to heaven, wanting to go to the hero’s place, perform heroic acts, save the day and plant a girl ... but with Liberation you leave, praying to God that you will never experience what these four main characters go through . <br /> <br /> Four city guys - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronnie Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - go to the Desert to spend a few days kayaking on the river, which will be closed soon. The boys are riding in the rapids in pairs, and Ed and Bobby, through carelessness, are too far ahead of the others, so they drive up to the river bank and wait for their friends in the nearby forest. Here they fall against two local forest dwellers (Bill McKinney and Herbert Trusar), who tie Ed to a tree, while one of them strips and rapes Bobby, instructing him, perversely, "scream like a pig." Lewis and Drew arrive invisible, and Lewis, being a fair archer, kills the rapist, while the other struggles uncontrollably in the forest. Under great emotional strain, four canoeists decide to hide the event and leave the area. But they find the river more and more dangerous to negotiate when they go downstream, and the risk to their lives increases when the surviving hunchback returns to shoot him with his rifle from some invisible observation point in the rocky cliffs on the banks of the river . <Br /> <br /> Liberation is very powerful as a story of survival, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as a study of macho being torn and left in humiliated rags. Although all the performances are wonderful, Beatty’s efforts in a role that many actors would reject should be especially noted. The theme of the film is very similar to the film "The Straw Dogs" of 1971 - both films tell of horrific sexual violence in isolated places, and in both cases the possible violent revenge of the victim does not evoke a feeling of satisfaction. Against the backdrop of the rugged countryside, Deliverance looks beautiful, but it also increases tensions by placing four canoeists in an environment in which they are dominated by mountain nomads and the landscape, and no one can rely on others except themselves. beauty.
