You could have put a version of Charles Dickens’s Christmas Song with socks, and I’ll probably watch it. Since childhood, it was one of my favorite stories. Maybe the idea that everyone has something good, and therefore no one goes beyond redemption, attracts me, but for some reason I never miss the opportunity to see one of the many screen adaptations of this timeless classic when they are on television as it is inevitable at this time of year. <br /> <br /> What really highlights this version is the gloomy thoughts that the actors bring to their roles. The lines that we have heard dozens of times in the past acquire a completely new intensity, and each character becomes more real and believable in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. <br /> <br /> George S. Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role. To his eternal credit, instead of walking in a dream through this often portrayed role of Scrooge, he instead gave her a fresh interpretation, which, in my opinion, was one of his best ideas ever. He wisely did not try to focus on the British accent, but instead uttered his lines with that famous gravel. His Scrooge is not just a naughty old man (as he is often portrayed), but a man who harbors deep anger against the whole world. When he is visited in turn by all three spirits, we understand how this anger took root, grew, and ultimately strangled his soul. As he is forced to reconsider his life, we see that he is alternately softened, and then returns to unrepentant stubbornness. And in the great dramatic scene, when he, kneeling and crying in his grave, asks for mercy, trying to convince the third spirit of his repentance and desire to change his life, we see a man who was completely broken and brought to his knees in the straight and figuratively. Scott made Scrooge incredibly believable and painfully human. <br /> <br /> Impressively, like Scott’s performance, the supporting ensemble makes a significant contribution to the grim beauty of this version. Fred Holywell, Scrooge's nephew, is a great example of this. Often portrayed as a friendly jester, here he is played by Roger Rees with emotional intensity missing from earlier images. When he pleads with Scrooge: “I ask nothing of you. I want nothing from you. Why can't we be friends? ”We see in his face not only his disappointment, but also his pain from the selfless separation of Scrooge with his only living relative. This is a touching performance and one of the most dramatic scenes of the film. <br /> <br /> Even more magnificent is the presentation of the great English actor Frank Finlay in the role of Scrooge's late partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley tends to be a low point in the film, simply because it is difficult to portray the dead convincingly, and the results are usually just stupid (oooh, look, this is a scary ghost ....... no!) In this version, this is probably the most exciting scene in the entire film. Marley's entrance, when the locks on the Scrooge door scatter by themselves and the sounds of thundering chains all over the house, are surprisingly creepy. But Marley Finlay is not an ethereal spirit. He is a tortured soul that inspires terror and pity. Marley may be a ghost, but his rage and regret for the life wasted on the pursuit of wealth, and his despair at the realization that his sins are no longer subject to recovery, is still very human. As Finley portrays, we have no problem believing that even the feline Scrooge will be shocked by this nightmarish vision. Finlay really steals a scene here, which is not easy when you are close to George S. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it goes on and on, one great show after another, making you look like you. ” I am experiencing this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (remember him from the Equalizer?) In turn, both cheerful and dreadful, like the ghost of a Christmas present. When he utters the famous phrase: “It may well be that in heaven you are more useless and less suitable for life than MILLIONS as the child of this poor man,” he is no longer a merry substitute for Santa Claus, but an avenging angel who gives Scrooge much needed verbal spanking. <br /> <br /> Suzanne York is the amazingly tart Mrs. Cratchit, and David Warner gives an amazing depth to the long-suffering Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through life with triple crosses of poverty, a sick child and an unbearable boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage, and sometimes fatigue in front of unbearable circumstances. Later, in the scene in which Scrooge is shown by the Ghost of Christmas, which the Krachitov Family had not yet come to after the death of Tiny Tim, Warner's speech, barely pronouncing the word, will make you cry.
