“Liberation” is a brilliant succinct epic about a group of perfectly modern men who go on a canoe trip to briefly communicate with nature, and instead they have to fight for their sanity, their lives and, perhaps, even their souls. The film is well maintained. Despite the fact that it was made in the early seventies, it certainly does not look particularly outdated. He still has an internal impact and the cult status of dramatic philosophical and cultural shock after the “Death of the Sixties”. There are very few films with a similar vanity that could be compared with him, although the things of the legendary Sam Pekingpah should have been there. Yes, there was a lot of controversy and discussion about the most opposing scene of the film (which I will not disclose here) - and, undoubtedly, about one of the most conflicting scenes in the history of the cinematic environment - but what surprises in this film is how painful it is from time to time. This seems to be generally overlooked (although in retrospect it is quite clear that this is so). Cinematography, which captures the essence of the disappearing, fragile river desert, often completely stuns and balances the film, because at the moment of brief madness, we, the audience - along with the characters themselves - plunge into a ruthless nightmare. “The story of deliverance is rather meager and winding, and it is amazing how quickly things are unfolding from the moment of formation to the crisis and after it. Everything happens very quickly, which gives the film a sense of real urgency. Customization is established efficiently through initial credits. All characters are well traced, despite the limited time spent on the story. We know enough about them to know what kind of people they are, and ultimately fear for them when everything goes to hell. Conflict and violence in the film seem to arise from nowhere, with a frightening lack of logic. This is the theme of the author James Dickey - that the prevailing romanticism regarding the nature of the perceived innate "good" of a person can wither and die only when his barely repressed animal instincts come to the fore. There are no demons or ghosts here. Predatory mounds — like the main villains of the film — are simply the rude, terribly immoral cousins ​​of our main characters. They are shocking because their evil is petty and tangible. There are no secondary characters in the film. They all reflect the weaknesses and uncertainties of the urbanized Homo Sapiens at the end of the 20th century, and they are all very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is great in this film as a fanatical and almost fatally over-confident survivor, Lewis, and it is embarrassing to think that he really could not regain his brief moment of dramatic glory throughout the rest of his life. career (possibly excluding Boogie Nights). Believe me, if you are not a Reynolds fan, you will be impressed by his performance here. Jon Voight is his usual carefree cultivation, and Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox make a significant contribution. It's just a great quartet of actors. In conclusion, I have to reflect on when and when the “Liberation” by James Dickey “To the White Sea” will be written. For those who enjoyed (?) This film, TTWS is just as heartbreaking as the American Air Force pilot’s struggle for survival after being shot down over mainland Japan during World War II. This is more typical of dark existentialism and primordial savagery, which is Dickey's trademark, but it contains all the elements of a truly impressive, poetic cinematic experience. A few years ago, there was a suggestion that the Coen brothers could produce it, but in the end this did not lead to anything. Being an avid coenophile, I’m disappointed that I’d think about what could happen if they got the green light on TTWS, and not in the last couple of relatively inconspicuous efforts. Returning to “Liberation”, it is impossible to imagine a film about such honest, unnerving cruelty that is being made during these times, and this is rather shameful. We, moviegoers, are poorer for this.
