This story is told and retold and continues to be retold in all possible ways. The story of the immortal Charles Dicken was recreated in all possible ways. I admit that I did not see the classic version of Alistair Sim, and I am sure that someday I will, but I would be amazed if she touched even close to this amazing version of the eighties. I believe that if Dickens himself created his own story for the film, that would be so. <br /> <br /> The story is well known, I will not go into details, because everyone saw it in one form or another. The ghost of his former partner visits a rich, mean, dastardly old man and warns about his dastardly deeds. To settle him, he is visited by three spirits, each of which shows him a different view of his life and the people with whom he is associated, in the past, present and future. Finally, seeing all this in front of him, he is widely aware of the error of his ways and is trying to retaliate for all that he has done. <br /> <br /> George S. Scott is definitely perfect for this role. He takes possession of the role of Ebenezer Scrooge, makes her his own and creates an incredible character. He is not just an average old man, but one who has been affected by certain situations in his life that made him angry at the world. There is compassion in him, but he holds him below everything else and is very involved in himself. Scott fulfills the role of excellence when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only the lead role does this film, but everything else falls into place. This is a grandiose epic about Victorian England, Dickens England is recreated before our eyes, looks and sounds, and you can almost feel the breeze on your face and the smells of the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could watch this movie without sound and be blinded by the scenery. These are not spectacular landscapes as such, but they are real. The film takes us from the market of high-profile traders to the very dark holes of poverty and everything in between. <br /> <br /> The rest of the actors fit into their roles and liven up their literary counterparts. Bob Critschit, played by David Warner and his entire family, including young Tiny Tim, played by Anthony Walters, was wonderful. Each of the Ghosts had its own peculiarity, and they added a dark mood to this story. A Christmas Carol is not an easy story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period in the life of England, and this is one of the few Christmas tales that are really dark, almost scary, and it must be scary to scare a person who has been a miser for years to turn around. The grim feeling for the story is captured in this film and is absolutely frightening, but the end raises the spirits and captures the Christmas miracles. We should also mention the scores for this film, as it is epic, grandiose and beautiful to listen to, whether it be a real score or Christmas music, everything fits together. Probably my favorite Christmas movies, because I insist that everyone saw this Christmas song before everyone else. 10/10
