Marie: You are smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are something like me, then smooth and lonely do not go together. You see someone you like, rare enough, as it may be, and you want to say something, but you do not. Or maybe you say something, but in the end it's probably the least smart thing you've ever said in your life. Most often, though not so much, do you look from afar and admire, not having to deal with what most people think is the only way to achieve something in life? risk. You can't blame the guy for being a little scared. Perhaps he was badly burned before, or maybe he is trying to focus all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some well-founded, some not, and all of them can be interpreted as an excuse, not as a reason. You tell yourself that you do not need it, or it is not the right time for you, but you still want this to happen. In any case, it is not so easy. Sounds familiar? If you even thought a little “yes”, then the new comedy from director Peter Hedges “DAN IN REAL LIFE” just needs to be seen. He will get inside you and somehow manage to break and warm your heart at the same time. <br /> <br /> Dan from the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a columnist for advice that is admired for his insight in living a balanced, fulfilling, and morally elevated life. About four years before the film opened on how Dan, having woken up before his day, lost his wife and the love of his life. After this tragedy, Dan was left alone to raise his three daughters. Between this and focusing on his career, the search for love was again not one of Dan’s priorities. And so he became more functional than feeling. Suspended from the power of intimacy, Dan no longer knows what it means to be so close to someone, and resigned to the fact that he would never know. That is, until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) on a quiet morning at a bookstore in Connecticut. They communicate at ease, conveniently, and it takes them both by surprise. In fact, there is only one problem. She already sees someone. Unfortunately for all participants, this someone is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His entire family came to their parents' country home for an annual visit, and now Dan must spend the weekend longing and longing for the fleeting feeling he had with Marie that morning. It lasted only an hour or so, but it took so long to wake Dan’s heart from his coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wyst at the helm), DAN IN REAL LIFE occasionally departs from its ambitious goal. While the cyclone of children and parents, as well as aunts and uncles makes Dana have difficulties, Hedges also uses it without the need as a means of distracting attention, suggesting that eventually this will lead to a more complete film. Fortunately, Hedges made Karella bear a heavy burden. It's nice to watch Steve Carell wake up more and more with every photo he makes (despite occasional mistakes the size of Evan Almighty). He is a charismatic, charming and obviously sharp humorist. Like Dan, he's also self-deprecating, awkward and funky. Carell is a rare comedian who forces himself to find a character in his roles, rather than relying solely on his comedic instincts and well-established personality. Perhaps more importantly, he is fully connected with Dan. It doesn't matter if he flops on the bed in the laundry room, where he sleeps like the only adult in this meeting, or fusses around the kitchen, unable to freeze in his anxiety, Dan is every guy who wasn’t even sure about himself and felt alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so many hearts that he simultaneously becomes the heart of the film itself. <br /> <br /> After watching the movie, I wondered if I liked the movie as much as I did, despite its small flaws (Juliette Binoche ?? I know you might like it from time to time, but I do not recommend it unless chocolate is involved), because of where I am in my life. Would anyone find someone else extracting so much sense and comfort from this movie? I can not tell. What can I say, as one who knows what it means to be lonely, DAN IN REAL LIFE knows what it means to be surprised by life and love, and how these moments and people should be valued and cherished. He also knows that anyone who may feel lonely on a given day or for several months must be reminded that surprises do occur.
