Superbly crappy and amazingly unpretentious exploitation of the 80s, hooray! The sequence of opening pre-credits creates a false impression that we are dealing with a serious and painful drama, but you do not need to be afraid, because after just ten minutes we got to our necks in meaningless chainsaw battles, rough fist fights, Creepy dialogues and gratuitous nudity! Bo and Ingrid are two orphaned brothers with unusually close and even slightly perverted relationships. Can you imagine how playfully tears off a towel that covers your sister's naked body, and then looks at her unshaven genitals for minutes? Well, Bo does this to her sister, and, judging by her duplicated laughter, she does not mind at all. Sick dude! In any case, in childhood they fled from Russia with their parents, but nasty soldiers brutally murdered mom and dad. However, a friendly smuggler took them into custody and even raised and trained Beau and Ingrid to experienced smugglers. When the actual plot begins, 20 years later, they are faced with their final search, as the mythical and incredibly valuable diamond White Fire is accidentally discovered in the mine. Very few things in life have ever had the same meaning as the plot and narrative structure of the “White Fire”, but it's very fun to look at. In most cases, you have no idea who is beating whom or for what reason (and, I bet, the actors understood even less), but whatever! Violence is superbly grotesque and every turn of the plot is pleasantly delayed. The script goes out of control when suddenly ?? but I will not disclose for what reason ?? Bo needs to replace Ingrid, and Fred Williamson comes on the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and his dirty black fingers all over the local prostitute. The main opponent of Bo is an Italian chick with a big breast, but with a disgusting accent, a ridiculous, but memorable thematic song, at least a dozen times sounds throughout the entire film, there is a mandatory montage "we fall in love" and many other attractions! My God, what a brilliant experience. The original French name translates as “Life to survive”, which is uniquely appropriate because it has the same meaning as the rest of the film: no!
