What can you say about the movie White Fire. Is amazing? Fantasy? Anxious? Fun? These words are not large enough to describe an event that is White Fire. From a shaky, distorted start to a deep end, this film will entertain everywhere. <br /> <br /> Our film begins in the forest of some country in the world. The family is hiding from unmarked soldiers in costume shop uniforms. When a father separates from his mother and their children, you understand which film you are going to watch. The father always rolls over the hills in his white outfit and is polite, as it attracts people's attention before shooting at them, but, alas, Dad burns alive in what looks like a very uncontrollable, unsafe stunt. Meanwhile, mother and children run along the beach, an armed soldier stretching about 5 feet behind them. He also gives a stern warning before the action in the form of the bizarre “STOP!”, And then quickly wasting his mother. This sequence of actions establishes the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred. <br /> <br /> So, now we are going forward for 20 years ahead (30, to be honest about the age of the hero) to beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingred settled down as professional thieves, or diamond miners, or something like that. Ingred works at a diamond mine, where she helps herself with the goods, while Bo (masterfully played by dynamic Robert Jinty) rolls across the desert in her jeans outfits. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They seem to have no friends but each other, and they spend all their time together. This, combined with the fact that Bo expressed a desire to sleep with his sister, as evidenced by such lines as “you know, this is a shame, you are my sister,” he says to her, while she is completely naked, she creates a very dynamic duet . Bo is killed when Ingrid is killed, when he wanders the beaches of Turkey with his gorgeous pink scarf of grief. Renewal of hope occurs when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid and has plastic surgery to make her look exactly like Ingrid. This opens up an opportunity for Bo to have sex with his sister without a technical error. Bo is a real fan of ethical gray areas, and he is very pleased with his new love. <br /> <br /> Anyway, there are a lot of funny action scenes, ridiculous violence, great game, it’s impossible to follow the plot lines of Fred Williamson's Hammer (for some reason) and a big piece of dirty ice that should be gigantic diamond (which later explodes). All this is beautiful, but Bo and Ingrid's relationship makes this film special ... really special. Therefore, I sincerely urge everyone to contemplate the greatness of the White Fire. You may be glad you did .. or not.
