the government he fought for creation, to recognize his loyalty to the promised and much-needed pension. Ripshtein's lyrical work is a sweet ode to all those who, like the colonel, suffer from the abuse of a cynical and seasoned society, which strengthens itself by denying its citizens the means of living with dignity and purpose. In contrast to the absurdity of “WAITING FOR A YEAR”, the expectation of a colonel in anticipation of his pension instills hope and significance in his unhappy life. Two things in the film lead the colonel, who is masterfully played by Fernando Lužane; the hope that his military pension will arrive one day, and the realization that his son, Agustin, died for a noble reason, not only because of a drunken scandal in a rebellious cockfight. What he can do is start training his son's combat member. The rooster is now a warrior who can bring good luck and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his ring is the ring of the killer of his former owner Agustin. In a tense confrontation between the colonel and Nogales, the murderers of his son, the colonel is offered Nogales, the paid government agent, enough money to equal the full pension of the colonel. But this is bloody money; silent money designed to hide the fact that those in power turned away from the one who fought for their political ideals, and hide the world that the son of a colonel-warrior was killed because he wrote for an underground newspaper that defended the rights to work. unions and the common man. With maximum dignity, the colonel rejects Noghalez's offer, takes his fighting cock and leaves as nobly as his old legs can carry him. When he is home, Donja Lola, his abusive wife, wants to know why the colonel refused money when they both starved. In response to her constant question: “What are we going to eat until November (when the season of cock fighting begins),” the colonel replies: “Shit.” Excrement is what the poor and disenfranchised ate their whole lives, and excrement is the food that the colonel willingly chooses to eat with dignity, knowing that he can never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The colonel is waiting, as the only person of honor and valor in a world without principles.
