After I ate a number of seemingly immature films bought on former DVDs, I decided it was time for a little serious drama, and who can offer it better than Sam Mendez? For a number of reasons, American Beauty does not appeal to me as much as this film, which is perhaps the darkest thing Tom Hanks ever did, and is probably one of the most underrated films of the last decade. Because this is not a simple story about gangsters, taken from its graphic origin, and it is just wonderful to watch because of it. And despite my usual allergy to any film with the name of Tom Hanks (I still can’t watch Big, not wanting the cat to kick), I'm glad I tried, because this is one of those films that you would you will not notice him, then you will beat yourself. <br /> <br /> As usual, the raspy Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a devoted family man and father of two sons who grew up during the Ban in the early 1930s. He is also a professional hitman for Mafia boss John Rooney (Paul Newman), but managed to keep his job secret from his sons. But after his elder (Tyler Hoechlin) witnessed how his father was involved in the murder of the mafia, the couple was forced to run on the run while John tried to sort out the matter. Soon, father and son are being chased in Chicago, where a hired assassin (the formidable Jude Law) is waiting for them. <br /> <br /> At first glance, it looks like a fairly standard gangster movie, but as I said, this is not exactly gangster. It is about the relationship between father and son, put together in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is great (* gritting his teeth *), like a tortured man who learns that everything has its price, and little Hechlin is as good as Sullivan's son. To be honest, there is not a single performance that I could single out as weaker than the others - the cast is pretty much flawless. Like cinematography and costumes (and I don’t often praise costumes!), Which recreate the 30s with a stunning effect. There was so much effort to do everything right, and it pays off in spikes. It would easily have looked like nonsense - they recognize that the appearance of the early 30s was hard to deny - but this is not true, and it deserves all praise. Chicago especially looks fantastic, lined with hundreds of shaky cars of that era and is full of people in plain clothes and hats. True time travel, even if you need some CGI. <br /> <br /> History is also a winner, offering a human face to what is often considered the stereotypical genre of the villain from the movie. Lo surprisingly threatens, being almost a mechanical assassin of Maguire, and proves that you don’t have to be Cagney, De Niro or Brando to play gangster. The film is definitely noisy, torrential rains and poorly lit warehouses dominate, but at least violence and murder (in the end) seem to have an emotional and psychological impact on those who commit them and those who just witness such action. All of this reminds of past ages and previous films, but it sweeps away the old and refreshes with modern atonement stories of skirmishes and extortion by Tommy-Gun. In some places, this may seem a bit slow, especially if you are used to massive skirmishes in films like most modern audiences (such as yours), but sometimes words can speak louder than actions. Mendez perfectly followed his Oscar debut, a film that is as smart as watching. “The road to death” may not be to everyone’s taste, but I will not exchange this DVD in the near future.
