Expelled from the heat, having expelled me from home and to the theater, I could not be more pleased. "The Road to Death", directed by Sam Mendez (American beauty), is intended to become one of the greatest films of all time. Maybe I'm just getting old; Perhaps I just saw the same topics reworked over and over. But this film is really different. <br /> <br /> The story begins with the young Michael Sullivan Jr. looking at the sea, reflecting on the duality of the heritage of his father - one of the best people ever to live, one of the most evil This duality permeates the entire film. The story revolves around the criminal authority of John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), a young man whom Rooney once accepted, and who now serves as his personal “Angel of Death”. Rooney is associated with blood with his own son, but is tied with love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael Jr., intrigued by the stories he reads, sneaks in his father’s car one night while Dad goes to “work” with Connor Rooney, heir to the family “cause”. Connor allows the situation to get out of control, and what should have been just a warning turns into a murder witnessed by Michael Jr. When it was discovered that young Michael saw what he should not have seen, the plot unfolds as conflicting loyalty collide. Soon, Michael Sr. is on the run with his young son, who is being pursued by the hired assassin Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not disclose any details to avoid possible spoilers. Nevertheless, I strongly recommend viewers to explore the many duality that appear in the film: problems between sons and fathers (Michael Sr. and Junior, John Rooney and son Connor), between the world at home and the world at "work", between good and evil, between those who pretend to be God’s people and those who actually are between "clean" money and "dirty", between the city of perdition and deaths like hell. And along the way, enjoy the brilliance of the cinematographer Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 Oscars for the best cinematography): rain pours fedora, shots through the mirrors (especially on swing doors), flashes of a submachine gun from the shadows There is no sound. Not only the 75-year-old Hall gave us perhaps the best cinematic product of his career, but the 77-year-old Paul Newman offers one of his best performances in history. <br /> <br /> Yes ... I can be old But I have seen a lot ... and it is fresh and invigorating. “The Road to Death” is a long and loving tribute to the gangster genre, films of the 40s, dark comic characters hiding in the dark, villains and heroes, the American film in general. Go look!
