If you thought Sam Mendez's first film, the widely known American BEAUTY, was a free-style film, wait until you see his long-awaited second effort, the mercilessly grim melodrama of the 30s ROAD TO PERDITION. Some critics hailed this new film as a worthy successor to THE GODFATHER, a rash judgment made by several reviewers, adopted with Mr. Mendez's outstanding technical prowess. If the mechanics of filmmaking is what makes the picture gorgeous, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant relative of THE GODFATHER in terms of what it achieves in filmmaking, editing, sounding music and sound. What is missing is the resonance that all the wonderful stories and some very rare films have that remain with the viewer long after the reading or viewing experience has ended. As in “American BEAUTY”, this movie feels cold distant atmosphere, despite some very intense scenes, including fatherly love, devotion and betrayal. <br /> <br /> This story about a hired killer (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to a surrogate father - a figure who is also his boss, an older Irish mafia leader (Paul Newman), seems to have been taken from countless gangster films of the past. The motive of the father / son who hangs over this picture is so cruel in circulation that there is no room for spontaneity; the whole enterprise was very carefully thought out, and almost the entire dialogue was presented with prejudice: this is obviously a gangster film, hence the necessary amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost devoid of humor to speak out; only in scenes with the participation of a young boy driving an escaped car in a cleverly edited montage, is there a feeling of lightheadedness to ferment the all-pervading sense of doom. <br /> <br /> Having said that, I only have the highest praise for the stunning look of this film; In fact, it is not an exaggeration to say that this is one of the most beautiful and developed films I have ever seen. Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall is likely to receive another Oscar for his work here. Production kits and costumes are also exemplary; in fact, the whole film is a technical miracle. Mr. Mendez continues to amaze with his bright use of color, and he and Mr. Hall again very dramatically use the red blood sprinkling onto the pale painted walls, the more effective and disturbing because of the prevalence of black, blue and gray colors that dominate the color film scheme. <br /> <br /> If I couldn’t properly mark the acting skills, it’s not because the actors do not know themselves skillfully; everything in the film is top notch, with a special mention of two evil bad guys: Daniel Craig is the classic “person you love to hate,” the spoiled, impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and the almost unrecognizable Jude Law as an especially slimy wretch who chases Hanks and his son and plays a very important role in the exciting second half of the film. But, while filming a movie, this dazzling player must necessarily recede into the background from photographic fireworks. If Rolls-Royce were a film, I have no doubt that it would look like the WAY TO THE PERDITION.
