Acting This film is a very well-played film. I will say that performances are sometimes weak; but for the most part, the acting is very good. The only actor who impressed me with his performance was Jude Law in the role of Harlen Maguire. He was incredible! Tom Hanks seemed a bit insecure at some points in the film, but he, too, was incredible. Paul Newman, good as always. Cinematography This is what made the film a masterpiece (and I rarely use this word). Konrad Hall is a real genius. If at some point in the film you were to suspend it, you will see the delicately created work of this person. He adjusts each shot so that nothing remains. When the camera is stationary, a postcard similar to quality appears on the screen. When the camera moves, each shot is planned with understated perfection. But it does not stop there. Conrads color selection and the contrast between light and dark settings is a work of art. The way he lights the set is one of the most amazing lighting work I have ever seen. His work on this film has made it the way it is. This film is at the top of the list of the best cinemas from LOTR, Black Hawk Down, Hero, CTHD, Moulin Rouge and Vertigo. History People will say that this film is a gangster film of the 1930s, but I think they missed the point of the film. This is a love story about an assassin who does not try to protect his son from the life he has chosen. This is a brilliantly created story that unfolds into a beautiful connection between two people who have nothing but each other. Writing a screen worthy of an Oscar. The music of Thomas Newman is conducting a sad but encouraging score to reinforce this sad but encouraging story. Music is one of the most beautiful and moving scores I play. Direction Sam Mendes - a new director with a sense of an experienced director. The characters that he uses and the performances that he receives from his actors are rare in the modern world of filmmaking. I will be on the lookout for the next Sam Mendes film. 10/10 is one of the most touching and beautiful films I've ever seen.
