“The Road to Death”, a film unfairly missed that year, Oscar is the second work of Sam Mendez (and, in my opinion, his best work), a director who received Oscar three years ago for his well-known but ambiguous American beauty. It’s a terrific movie and at the same time end up bitter and sad. <br /> <br /> This is the story of a relatively rich and happy family from the outside world during the difficult times of depression, when Father Michael Sullivan Two children played by the great Tom Hanks (I’m not his fan, but I must say this) are a hired killer of a local mafia the boss played by Paul Newman. His eldest son, a thirteen-year-old boy Michael Sullivan Jr., played beautifully by the young Tyler Hechlin, after many years of blissful ignorance, learns what his father does and how much money their family lives. Influenced by his curiosity and his desire to know the truth, he accidentally becomes a witness to the murder committed by John Rooney, the son of his boss-father. This discovery amazes an innocent soul and entails numerous events that forever changed his life. The atmosphere of that time, all the backgrounds and scenery are beautifully created, the editing and cinematography are almost flawless, and the plot is well written. But the main line of the film, the most important moments and moments of the film, as well as the key success factor of the film, are the difficult relationship between father and son in bad times. They are shown so deep, strong and believable. Tom Hanks is doing great, he has one of the best performances of his career in a rather unusual role for him, and all the actions in all directions are excellent. Finally, it is worth mentioning the very good result of Paul Neumann, and as a result we get the outstanding work of all the people involved in creating this beautiful (but once again sad) masterpiece. I believe that The Road to Death is one of the greatest filmmaking achievements of this decade and is undoubtedly one of the best films of the year. <br /> <br /> My class 10 out of 10
