In this 1984 version of Dickens’s classic Christmas Carol, directed by Clive Donner, George S. Scott plays Ebenezer Scrooge. By this time, the cinematographer’s task was to take such familiar material and make it fresh and new again; and, fortunately, with this film Donner not only accepted the challenge, but also surpassed all the expectations that anyone could have expected from him. He tells the story with precision and attention to detail and extracts performances from his actors, who are nothing short of excellent, especially Scott. It can be argued that the final depiction of Scrooge - one of the most famous characters in literary literature of all time - was created by Alastam Sim in the 1951 film; but I think that with his performance here Scott has achieved this distinction. In his Scrooge, there is so much purity and honesty that it becomes difficult to even consider someone else in this role when you have seen Scott do it; Simply put, he is Scrooge. And what a tribute to such a talented actor; being able to take such a famous figure and make it unique in its own way is just a miracle. It is truly joyful to see how an actor copes so well with his profession, is able to make a character so real, from every word he utters to the most beautiful expression of his face, and make it all sound so believable. This study is perfect. <br /> <br /> Other cast members are also great, but again they must be in order to maintain the integrity of Scott's work; and they do. Frank Finlay is the ghost of Jacob Marley; a noticeable twist, though not as memorable, perhaps as Alec Guinness's turn (as Marley) in Scrooge. Angela Pleasant - the desired appearance of the Spirit of the Nativity; Edward Woodward, great and noisy, and generally convincing, like the Spirit of the Christmas present; and Michael Carter, grim and menacing as the Spirit of Christmas that is yet to come. <br /> <br /> David Warner reaches his goal with his Bob Kraychit, bringing sincerity to the role that meets the quality standards set by Scott Scrooge and Suzanne Yorke, just like Mrs. Kretchit. However, the real gem that can be found here is the performance of the young Anthony Walters in the role of Tiny Tim; he is sincere, never getting spoiled, and just one of the best interpretations — and the most real — ever presented on film. <br /> <br /> A great cast includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, as well as the narrator) of the film), Caroline Langrish (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Pul) and Joan Wally ( Fan). A flawless presentation, this version of the “Christmas Song” sets the standard by which all others must be judged; No matter how many versions you saw, watching this is like seeing it for the first time. And forever, whenever you think of Scrooge, the image that your mind conjures up will be the image of George Scott. This film, entertaining and interesting, requires a place in the annual schedule of holiday festivities of each house. I rate this 10/10.
