Wow ... I mean WOW, this is one of the best stories I have ever had the opportunity to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two martial arts masters, a man and his son, go to train in the Forbidden damned sources, and, ignoring their warnings, they both fall in the spring each. Dad, Genma, the source of the drowned Panda. And 16-year-old Ranma, native drowned. Now, with each splash of cold water, they turn into that very creature, which is called the source, into which they landed. No, this is just the beginning. As if one of the strongest teenagers who ever existed, who turns into a woman, is not enough, Ranma has to deal with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of crazy art styles, a crazy high school principle, opponents of the right and left who have with Ranma that sooner or later they will ruin their lives or “steal” their loved ones. Speaking of loved ones, I lost count of how many times a boy or girl fell in love with Ranma. And it was never his bride, Akane. And this is only from the first few chapters / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is astounding. I have never come across something so crazy, so strange, so ... so ... from this world, and yet so mundane and believable ... I can't even describe it fully. It’s just a charming story that is so easy to get into. What I like about it is humor. Never once have I laughed so loudly from the manga, and he does not need to try to do any tricks that you would catch with Simpson, or something like that. I could read any part of the comic book and would laugh from beginning to end. Another thing is the characters. Ranma, you might think that to make him too strong would be a failure, but no ... with every little problem that history faces, he does his best to survive half the time, and his personality is a stupid young guy, it would seem, but when the worst comes to the worst, he can be a calculating genius. And if you recall the hundreds of perverts in the series, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​all perverts together, is considered by everyone in his city, especially Akane, the worst pervert who has ever lived. His father, Genma, you think your father’s character will blend in with the background, right? Right! But whenever he has some attention ... he just gives you more reason to hate him, but at the same time love him! Do you think you know the worst dad from the anime? You have not met Genma. Ryoga is probably one of Ranma's greatest rivals and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and perhaps one of the only people he can bear. Most likely, the strongest character in the series, but has two drawbacks, one of them is his curse, which turns him into a little pig, but his worst mistake ... is his lack of meaning in the manual! Then we have ... you know, I could spend hours at the computer, explaining all the characters, the story, everything positive in it, but that would be just pointless. <br /> <br /> Check out the show if you are NOT YOU NOW! You will not regret it! Although I would advise to first check out the comics. I like anime, but I had some problems getting the show at a good price. And the little tentacle, humor, it seems, does not translate either in anime or in manga. I think partly because comics seem more cartoony to me. But in any case, this is a victory! 10 out of 10!
