admittedly, I first took Ranma 1/2 when I was about twelve. I was in the library and was desperately looking for something good to read. Then I went to the comics / manga section and saw this book. In the first few readings of chapters, I really didn’t know what was going on, but I knew that I liked it. I even took it home for a few more readings. Honestly, I didn't get anywhere. And then, about five months (I am 16 years old), my friend watched some anime series, and I remembered this manga. I could not remember what it was called, but I remembered that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yasha. I googled it, and then made a rash decision to watch all 161 episodes. At first I was a bit overwhelmed by the graphics of 1990, but in the end it didn't matter. No anime has ever made me laugh and rewind so much, look again. I once watched 45 episodes in a row for a day. I don't know how I did it ... but I could not stop. In the end, after about two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed — no matter how crazy it sounded — to watch Ranma. I have never found the series so enjoyable, so funny and so touching to watch. Until today, 161 episodes are not enough to satisfy me. Of course, the end of the cliffhanger was enough for me to be obsessed, but one series was enough for me to continue reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotoma. Intense martial arts. They are so strong that they went to the ancient training grounds in China and became “damned.” The territory was full of different bodies of water, and if you landed in one of them, you took the form of what drowned there when they were doused with cold water. For Genma, it was PANDA, and for Ranma it was ... a girl! This is a very crafty funny story. In addition, Genma promises his friend that Ranma will marry one of his daughters to support the Tendo dojo. “Of course, the one he meets hates his insides and mutual feelings. Obviously, they are starting to love each other, but both ways are stubbornly recognizing it. But .. Genma has a story of this. He promised Ranma to many girls. <br /> <br /> Believe me. It is worth seeing. It is with a sense of humor, sincere and everything around is amazing.
