First and foremost, Edison Chen did a fantastic, believable job as a Cambodian killer born and raised in landfills and gladiator rings where he honed his wild battery skills to survive while living on a murder spell or being killed In a role that had little dialogue, or at least a few lines in Cambodian / Thai, his performance is convincing, probably what should have been “Denny's Dog” in the Jet Li vehicle, where people are bred for the sole purpose of tsya, and on someone's leash. <br /> <br /> Like Danny Dog, the often discussed episodes of a fight with bare joints are not stylized by choreography, but rather designed as ordinary, cruel fist fights where everything goes. It probably brought a sense of realism and anger when you see the characters beating each other's throats, protecting their lives, taking away from others. This is a dark, gloomy and dark movie, both literally and figuratively, and this distinguishes it from the usual show of a thriller with a mill policeman. <br /> <br /> Edison plays a hired shotgun from Cambodia, who becomes a fugitive in Hong Kong, on the run from the police because his pickup truck is broken. The team led by Cheng Siu-Fai, who has to contend with the independent inspector Ti (Sam Lee), whose participation and admission to the team were connected with the sins of his father, leads the chase. So begins the game of cat and mouse in the dark shadows and shadows of a more severe type of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story itself works on several levels, especially in the studies of the killer’s characters, and the policeman. On different sides of the law, we see inside each character not black and white, but shades of gray. With a hired killer, we see his caring side when he connected and developed feelings of love for the girl (Pei Pei), evoking a feeling of maturity, tenderness and opening a golden heart. The policeman, with dubious tactics and attitudes, makes you wonder how you can bend if he is ready to do everything necessary to do his job. There are many interesting points of moral inquiry about how antiheroic, despicable strategies are being adopted. You ask what makes a person, and what makes a beast, and if we have a tendency to change sides depending on the circumstances - do we have this dark inner band in all of us, turning from man to dog and dog to man? Dog bite The dog captures you from the very beginning and never lets go until the end, although there are points in the middle of the road that seemed to be pulling, especially in tender moments, and she also suffered from not knowing when to finish. If I choose a favorite scene, then it should be the one that is located in the food center on the market - very well managed and delivered, with a tense moment of your place. Also listen to the music and you do not have a dream if you hear dogs growling. <br /> <br /> Strongly recommended, especially if you think you have seen almost all of the police thriller genres.
