Despite the fact that I was quite far from my expectations, Dog Bite Dog made a deep impression on me. I rented it without knowing a lot about it, but essentially I expected it to be a martial art / action movie in the standard Hong Kong racing tradition, of which I am a devoted fan. I ended up getting something completely different, which is not bad at all. Although the film can be categorized as such, and the film definitely has good fighting scenes and melee fighting, it is definitely not the main focus. His characters are infinitely more important for the film than his fights, which is quite rare in many Hong Kong action movies. <br /> <br /> I was really quite surprised at the intricacies of the characters and the relationship of the characters in the film. The main character, played by Edison Chen (who is really very good), becomes infinitely more difficult by the end of the film than I ever thought he would be after watching the first thirty minutes. The police characters also fully met my expectations. In fact, the complete and honest portrayal of the rarely visible dark side of the police forces was quite possible my favorite aspect of the film. I don’t know that I would say that Dog Bite Dog completely undermines the typical ideas about a bad criminal, a good cop, but this certainly distorts them in ways that are not often seen in the film (unfortunately). So many films, especially Hong Kong action movies, which I find, depict the police in a frankly ignorant idealized light. This is one of my least favorite things about the genre. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog had really put forward some unique and truly bold ideas about the police. In this film there are scenes of negotiations that I have never seen before, and I doubt that I will ever see again, and I am sure that I will remember for a long time. In addition, the criminal characters are shown from an interesting point of view, there are some documentary shots in a film about Cambodian boys, who are under ten years old, who fight each other to death with their bare hands, which I consider the most powerful and touching moments to be one of the Film. This suggests why these guys are what they are, and not just condemn them. In addition, the relationship between the character of Chen and the girl he meets at the dump says a lot about his character. It was only when this element entered the film that I really began to view the film as an emotional experience, and not just as internal. In most relationships, there is something on the screen that I do not quite understand, but for some reason it really happened. The actress is doing an incredible job with this role, which I think was not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also shows amazing cinematography, although unfortunately it is rather uneven. There were some moments that seemed really amazing to me, especially in the last segment of the film, but there was also a lot of work with the camera, which was just fine. Another minor problem I encountered was with a pacemaker, which I also felt was uneven. I found that many scenes “in search of a boat” are a little alienated, although after that they develop quickly. Scenes of action are short and not too plentiful, but they are really powerful and spectacular, especially towards the end. The choreography of the battle, to tell the truth, is not so impressive for the most part, although, to its credit, it is solid and rather realistic, but the true strength is the emotional content of the fights. The final scene, although not a marvel of martial arts or martial choreography, is one of the most powerful final fights I've ever seen, and I've seen quite a few martial arts movies. <br /> <br /> I suppose the biggest determining factor in whether someone can get more benefits from Dog Bite Dog is whether you can communicate with the characters or not. All of them, of course, are among the most corrupt characters that can be seen in films of any kind, but in all of them there was something very human, to which I could not help but become attached and really feel them, especially Chen Girl. I have to say that I doubt that most people will like the movie as much as I do, simply because I imagine that most people don’t like and don’t care about the characters equally, but I still recommend it anyway. This is really a deeply touching and effective film, if you give it a chance.
