I have to be straightforward - I have not seen such a strong film as DOG BITE DOG for a long time. I'm a big fan of old-school CATIII movies from the late eighties and mid-90s, and I heard that this “style” of films is reminiscent of films like this one, and GONG TAU by Hermann Yau (which at the time of I haven’t seen writing this article yet ...), so it was very interesting for me to give a snapshot of some of these new CATIII new wave films. Did this movie live up to my expectations? Absolutely - but not quite as I imagined. <br /> <br /> The story tells of a young, animalic, resourceful and practically unstoppable Thai killer with a somewhat vague history who comes to Hong Kong to complete the “mission.” Because of some failure, he is quickly identified by a fraudulent copy (which radiates many of the same qualities as our killer), and he is quickly delayed and captured.This state of affairs does not last long, although the unnamed killer runs away from his captors and quickly shows the local police that he should not be taken lightly. The hunt continues, and the cat-and-mouse game begins between the police and the "mad dog" (as the police call him). In passing, Mad Dog inadvertently made friends with a stupid young woman, and there is a connection between them when she helps him out of an unpleasant situation. Ante continues to grow, as Mad Dog's only goal is to get out of Hong Kong and return to Thailand by any means necessary, and the police continue to try to wind it alive ... <br /> <br /> I could probably write ten paragraphs about it complex and carefully laid out elm, but I do not want to give away too much. I watched DOG BITE DOG without knowing anything about the premise, and I think this type of movie is definitely better valued that way. As for comparisons with older CATIII films ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of the “good old days”, but it is never as messy or dirty as the classics of the old school, such as UNTOLD STORY or RED TO KILL. Where many of the old CATIII films were going to “shock” - DOG BITE DOG is a much more thoughtful and comprehensive production (although this does NOT distract anyone from those CATIII films that are so dear to me ...).). This film is much more “emotional” than exploitative, and when we learn more about the characters and their origins, the audience begins to get involved and identify with both parties. In fact, there are no clear "good" and "bad" guys, since Mad Dog shows moments of extreme compassion, and the police go down to extremely unorthodox methods to try to identify the killer. There are also no nudity / sex in this film, which is a typical characteristic of old CATIII films. Personally, I would compare DOG BITE DOG more with SYMPATHY FOR MR from Park. Revenge, or perhaps Brother Pang's DANGER OF BANGKOK, since both of these films mixed extremely emotional overtones with strong and steady actions and violence. Again - in this film I did not like anything. The acting is serene, the cinema is sharp and well made, and the whole film skillfully successfully combines several different elements in such a way that it is not often seen. Whether this film (and others like it) is a “rebirth” of the CATIII film is not quite true, but it is a very solid film that is absolutely worth checking out ...
