Those people who are familiar with Asian cinema, in general, know that Japan is known or notorious for its hyper-violent films, and Korea is now gaining a reputation for horribly cruel films. Dog Bites The dog, although not necessarily becoming as hyper-brutal as the craziest movie about Miike, is not as unforgivably cruel as some ambitious efforts in Korea, but it is an ideal intermediate with its own brutal character. However, the biggest strength of this film, like most of the Japanese or Korean efforts, is that the cruelty, rather than distracting from the film, actually develops the characters, if not, pushing the story forward. Both protagonists are incredibly vicious people with their own motives and the emotional background of existence. The character of Sam Lee, for example, is on the verge from the very beginning and slowly and confidently, among the various encounters with the character Chang, it turns out why he is like that. Without spoiling this part of the story too much, it includes the morally ambiguous nature of his father. Chang's character, on the other hand, has his primary instincts, honed, if not perfect, by brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, Chang’s storyline arch, although not necessarily revealing a more human side, actually reveals that side of our animal nature that many people forget, which is the natural ability to recognize the same broken animal (and no, I'm not talking about Sam Lee , rather Pei Pei at the dump of a female character). Ultimately, however, for the first 80 minutes or so, this is a more or less straightforward cat and mouse, or Dog Chase Dog, a film in which each encounter ends in at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square someone will die) and the most interesting thing in the film - you never know whose hands will perform the action. Which brings us to a weakness of the film. Inappropriate to delve into it would be another spoiler, but, to put it simply, he is guilty of having promoted one of the main points of the film, because instead of making this point of view understand, like 80 minutes before the film, the film goes on 20 minutes or so to further emphasize this. Do not misunderstand me if it is better to move from the 80-minute mark to the climax and if the final act was not filled with sweet music (in fact, if he, like most films, kept the music to a minimum) and let the interfering sound effects do their job) It could still work, not distract attention from the film. However, despite the fact that in the third act there were the most violent and bloody collisions, the way he went through made him feel chained and almost insulting the viewers ’intelligence, as he felt he had to go so far bring it to the end. However, it is still a breath of fresh air from Hong Kong cinema, since even the bloodiest of martial arts films never reach the level of depravity and cruelty, keeping the characters in tact in tact.
