BLIMEY. If you think that a movie cannot get tired in some way, then you have not seen Dog Bite Dog. This film does not give any blows, and he does not shy away from showing very disturbing images. Like Salo, this one shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It is a dark, gloomy, depressive and hopeless film, but it is also one of the best films ever to come out of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is much like the other, but do not continue. thinking this is incredibly cliché. Basically, it’s an alarming and obtrusive detective story of a cat and mouse game, against a professional and insensitive assassin. Although the script offers nothing new at first glance, it contains many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Are we becoming more or less humane when we are cruel to a five-year-old child, without pity, without remorse? In turn, we humans act no less than mad dogs, when we are blinded by anger, this is a sad truth. This is a topic that the director brilliantly explores, not limiting himself at all. In addition to chasing the cat and the mouse, the script also develops two separate storylines for the main characters. One is about love, and the other is about redemption. Even if the script is not so new, it is still wonderfully written and always keeps you in place. <br /> <br /> The game is really very good. Edison Chen as an assassin is incredible; he proves that he is not just a pretty face. He is ruthless, disgusting and pleasant. Sam Lee as a possessed cop is also outstanding. In short, the cast is excellent. Music is also worth mentioning. Ben Cheng’s very dark musical score, with some spectacular frivolous songs played during the key dark moments of the film. The cinematography of Yuen Man is also very good. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII film is highly recommended. A very good pace, incredibly acting, surprisingly downtrodden and just really good at the end of it all. However, as many have noted, this is not a film for everyone. If you do not like violent violence, then you should stay away from it. If you do not like to see a heavy negative in the film, then this is also not for you. In the end, a powerful movie, 8/10.
