This is wonderful and very commendable, as writers and directors continue to make great films from one of the oldest and (more) used storylines in the movies! “Dog Bite Dog” is, in fact, not much more than a simple story of how lonely copper obsessively pursues a genius criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest in that it is extremely cruel and merciless. This is undoubtedly one of the roughest and uncompromising films I've ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters who seem to come out of hell! Even the parties in the Chan-Wook Park's revenge trilogy (perhaps with the exception of Oldboy) or any other infamous movie Cat III ever released were not as sadistic and cruel as some of the events depicted in Dog Bite, Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian assassin who lands on the crowded streets of Hong Kong to eliminate the wife of an eminent judge in a restaurant. When the police arrive at the scene, the young officer Vai sees Pang rush away from the crime scene and follows him. The first real confrontation between two rabid dogs leads to a gigantic bloodbath, as Pang mercilessly kills several hostages and even longtime friend and colleague Wai. Since then, an exciting and action-packed cat and mouse game between a frustrated cop and a professional killer begins. The latter also saves a young girl from constant sexual abuse of her father and remains with her in her shed at a local garbage dump. What makes this routine action / thriller so exciting (besides sheer violence) are the backgrounds of the main characters! Pang, a hired killer, is a Cambodian orphan and since childhood has been trained to fight and kill for money. He knows no restrictions, has no mercy and hardly speaks a word. Wai, a policeman, has become particularly ruthless and unorthodox since his role model (also a policeman) is in a coma after a drug-related incident. Lai does not interrogate suspects and witnesses; he screams at them and is ready to sacrifice everything to stop his new sworn enemy. People with a weak stomach or tangled nerves are advised to stay away from this film, because the violence and upheavals described in Dog Bite Dog can easily cause nausea. This is not the type of violence when bloodied heads and severed limbs are flying through the air, but more like an intense and extremely disturbing type when people try to crush their opponents mentally and physically. The filming sites are actually dark and eerie, and the extremely sober music makes the already excruciating tone of the film even more stunning. The performances are awesome! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treat each other as enemies on the set, because their hate and disgust on the screen seem too legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable film, highly recommended if you can digest it. If you're afraid you can't, just wait a few years for the inevitable American remake, which will undoubtedly soften the background a little.
