Most reviews say that this is the weakest spot in Hamilton’s short film career. This film is a little different from the rest, and, considering it better or worse, depends on what you expect from the film and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Knowing Hamilton as a photographer, you may be a little surprised. While Bilitis looks like his books in motion with all these young girls opening themselves and relationships with each other on the edge of lesbians, with the plot connecting these scenes, Laura concentrates on several characters, which allows to develop relations between them (man-woman model artist), although we see beautiful photos, many of them are better than average, their number decreases for the sake of plot. Tendres cousins ​​are different from both, only Hamilton's film is more like a film than a collection of moving photos. Because of this, it may be acceptable to a wider audience than Hamilton fans, looking like an erotic comedy (but not the German type of soft core - the Schulmädchen report fans will be very disappointed). You won’t laugh a lot, but you can smile (and this is something you don’t often get from Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton films, a woman’s age varies. Unlike other films, the main character is a boy. Unlike his usual works, this one does not stand still and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their own destiny and do not lead us only from one photo to another, from one naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) gets lost with the script in his hands. Girls on the beaches, under the shower, in rooms with dim lighting, in gardens, under tents, in front of mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothing - this is his territory, he can take minutes and hours, and whatever he does, you can always feel the look of the artist and hand behind him. But when he has to introduce us to ordinary everyday life, he ceases to be Hamilton and becomes an ordinary director who just follows the script. Hamilton is known for his nudes, but they are only part of his work. And for Tendres' cousin, the situation is reversed: his girls are not in the best shots. Nature, the garden, the house remind us of Hamilton's work (often neglected), while the girls, even when naked, have nothing special about how he represents us. Maybe Hamilton was confused, having a boy in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking about a line that censorship could accept, maybe he really tried to do something new (and no one dared to tell him that he shouldn't), but he neglected for what he was most praised.
