I like David Hamilton's artistic photos of naked women on the border of femininity, sometimes erotic, though not pornographic. Some people liked them too, because my books by David Hamilton were stolen. In one book there were several photographs of a young boy, obviously naked, intimate with a young woman older than him, also naked. Although it was discrete, it had a strong sexual relationship. New territory for David Hamilton, which turned out to be either scenes from the film "Cousin Tendra", or, possibly, photographs taken on the set. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the art of still photography is not automatically translated into cinema. Soft focus becomes out of focus, and discrete angles are confused, perhaps because they cannot be seen in motion. You either see it, or you miss it, and there is no time to observe, comprehend. It is assumed that the film is a farce, and funny things happen, but it does not “stick together”, perhaps because the story is developing so slowly, and you can ask yourself what is happening. In the end, 14-year-old Julien communicates with her cousin, but this is a soft core, without genital contact, shown to the camera. Since this is a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and an embarrassed gag stuck in the act, and, having caught them, Julien’s father even gives him a cigarette to complete the experience. For the sake of justice, the film is in French and corresponds to French cinematic forms that may be too thin for most Americans, even with English subtitles, to help us with the Philistines. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this film is child pornography and that, of course, is the result of today's climate, where the sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. No one in their right mind wants to approve or, it seems, support child sexual abuse, so there is almost no room for children to be seen even in the easiest erotic context without immediately activating anxiety about sexual abuse and exploitation. The guys will think "Lucky Julien!" even though they agree that sex and children in films are “bad things,” they still want them to be Julien at that age. Women may also have similar thoughts, but all such considerations must be thrown out of consciousness. Hysterically, the worst assumptions became automatic, and the questions of children and sex are strictly avoided. It is a pity because sexual awakening is a real human experience. Most likely, children grow up and become sexy creatures like Julien. This is a suitable literary theme, including cinema, but under the threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton, I think, ventured to make a film on this subject even in 1980. He has somewhat succeeded in exploring this delicate topic, and, unfortunately, we are unlikely to see the best in the near future because of the fear of child pornography label.
