It was a very interesting film, and I really enjoyed it, I usually do not make films like these (for example, indie films), however, I was attracted to the film because it had an incredible cast that included Jamie Kennedy I have loved since the Creek trilogy. The filmmaker risked (and this is risky), telling about the lives of many (and I mean MANY) different people and intertwining at different intervals. Such a risk was a good idea, because its end result is a very good movie. <br /> <br /> There are several main characters in the film; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) is an angry cookie writer with predictions whose relationship with his girlfriend is on the verge of a dispute. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) is a loader / technician who loves everything alive (except, perhaps, maids) and who, despite his good heart, is experiencing more and more failures. Cyr (Brian Cox) - the owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut shop, who is a hermafobic and because of his fear of microbes, puts his assistant / chef Sung (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk), who, he is convinced, is trying; stop him having fun, looking ridiculous, going crazy and not living a normal life. They begin petty and almost crazy disputes, and Olive seriously begins to doubt Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) - a man whose life is not very good, as bad things begin to accumulate in his life, he decides to take it in his hands. Mitchell - (John Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of his dreams and that they are meant for each other, although she is more skeptical. He tries to look after her at every opportunity, and he certainly tries! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been fired from his job and doubts his role as a provider, he gets another job for which he simply does not fit. His wife Annel - (Arabella Field) is comforted by the worries associated with losing her job until she finds out that Johnston is not exactly a loving husband as she thought he was. <br /> <br /> In general, I definitely recommend this movie! <br /> <br /> Erica
