The only reason I put this nine, is that the other child actors who played Tadashi’s tormentors were not up to work. I believe that they were just children who turned out to be of the right age and were useful, but they were poorly trained, and their scenes were a minor annoyance. <br /> <br /> I’m not judging this by American standards, because it has many ambiguities and ambiguities that Japanese culture readily perceives and does not comply with the moral restrictions of the black hat / white hat of US children’s films are regularly exposed. For example, there is a very funny moment when a small group of Yokadeh comrades Tadashi is let down and left by other youkai, and Shojo, the opportunistic herald of Kirin, does what many tense Japanese would do. Hint: this would not have happened in a Disney movie. This picture also contains the best beer products you have ever seen in a children's film. <br /> <br /> From the very beginning, the moment came when the school teacher slapped a couple of hooligans on the head with his study book. In Japan, there was a television commercial for a couple of years before the release of this film. It was a clay animation telling how a depressed child plays the guitar and sings the blues in his room. His mother screams at him from below to shut up. Then someone gives him a chocolate bar, he cheers up and sings a happy melody, but his mother comes and asks him to shut up again and gives him a slap in the face, which leaves a dent in his forehead. I mention this commercial because it was considered ridiculous, and I did not hear any objection to it while I was there. In the Great War with Yokai, there is a lot more bloodshed and physical cruelty on the screen than could be found in the Disney movie. As a parent, if it were a film in the USA, I would be up in arms with such things, although not necessarily moral lessons learned at the end of the film, which, of course, are also not black and white. Since this is a Japanese film, I agree that these cultural norms allow you to create images that could not exceed the standards and practices of police officers in the United States. However, I probably would have been a little excited, taking small children to see it, not giving them a sort of briefing before the show and / or post-show about violence and other non-colored things, or I would wait until they You are older to show them that.
