Last night I had the pleasure of watching the movie “BUG” at the Florida Film Festival and let me say that it was a real pleasure. The directors were there, and they made a Q & A afterwards. The film begins with the fact that the young man smashes a roach under his foot, a man standing next to the parking lot, sees the young man smash it, and runs to ask the child: “Why? What for? should he have killed this living thing? in his desire to advise young people to err in their ways, a man neglects paying his parking meter, from which begins a whole chain of events in which people are involved, completely unrelated to him, some funny, some sad, and some ridiculous. In this film, a lot of laughter, a lot! and there are a lot of actors you will recognize. The main actors that stood out in the film for me were: Jamie Kennedy (from his comedy show "The Jamie Kennedy Experiment" playing the fortune cookie writer; John Carroll Lynch (who plays brother Drew at Drew Carey) playing the animal. A loving guy that just can't get it right: Brian Cox (original Hannibal Lecter in Manhunter), playing the hermafobic owner of a donut joint and Chinese takeaway food. “Och making this death ", which is quite funny, mainly due to the fact that Cox is" obsessed with microbes. "The funniest moment in the film comes when a young boy imitates his father, whom he heard earlier in the afternoon. shout out" MotherF **** * "while in class. Another extremely funny and surreal scene is when Trudie Styler (Mrs. Sting herself) and another actor perform a scene on a cable access show from the movie" Boy in a Plastic Bubble. The actor who takes the Cable Access Show is just amazing, he is so serious and imperturbable, and his work as a doctor and a boy in a plastic bubble is mesmerizing. There are many other good and funny actors and actresses in this film who shot it in less than a month with a budget of about $ 1 million, directed by Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are script writers by profession, writing crazy / beautiful). and the upcoming tuxedo with Jackie Chan in the main role - the film, which turned out wonderful, funny and sweet.
