Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and deservedly so I am happy to see any of their films. Professor Noodles (Lucien Littlefield) is nearing completion of his rejuvenation formula that can reverse aging after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are chimney sweeps who come to do their job, and very quickly Ollie wants to get away from Stan making mistakes. Ollie goes to the roof to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but Stan in the living room eventually pushes him back to the attic. Tearing the extension cord, Stan gets a replacement, loaded a gun from the wall and, of course, shoots a brush. Stan walks over to look around, and Ollie, standing in the attic of the roof, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he has suffered, and Ollie answers only “I have nothing to say.” Ollie returns to the roof, and he and Stan find themselves in a scuffle and twitching, with the result that Ollie falls and destroys the chimney. Ollie, without a hat, gets into the fireplace with many falling bricks, and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered with smoke from a chimney, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. The boys decide to restore order, and when Stan tears up the carpet with a shovel, Ollie asks: “Can't you do anything right?” And Stan replies: “I have nothing to say”, putting a shovel on the head. When Ollie holds a bag, which Stan rakes into ashes, they are distracted by the painting on the wall, and the ash falls into Ollie’s pants, so Stan is hit on the head. Professor Noodles finishes his formula and makes the last duck test, with a drop in a water tank, turning it into a duckling. He also shows the boys his success, turning the duckling into an egg, and then he suggests using a human object, that is, his butler. While he is gone, the boys decide to check the formula for themselves, but Ollie eventually throws Stan into the water tank with the entire formula. In the end, Olli the monkey comes out once, and when Stan asks him to speak, all the monkey Olli says: “I have nothing to say,” and Sten whimpers. Filled with a wonderful farce and all the classic comedies you might want from black and white film, this is a nice movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 on the comedian comedian. Fine!
