This is an unusual comedy by Laurel & Hardy with something like a split personality: sometimes it seems that two films shot in different styles are combined into one short one. Fortunately, each part is fun in itself, and the seemingly easy clown guys takes the day and synthesizes the disparate elements of the film into an entertainment whole. Although I have never heard a fan quote Dirty Job as his or her favorite comedy Laurel and Hardy, everyone likes it nonetheless. <br /> <br /> Our story unfolds in the home of Professor Lapsha, which represents one of the key elements of the storyline: an incredible parody of the Mad Scientist script. This marks a rare venture into science fiction territory for L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges met with insane doctors much more often than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses viewer skepticism with rolled up eyes and an occasional dry sensation. Meanwhile, Stan and Ollie are chimney-sweepers who appear in the professor's house on the very day that he is perfecting his decision. "Their" part of the film consists of a characteristic (but first-class) farce, including the chimney, the roof, the shovels, and a number of unsuccessful failures. If you don’t like to watch these guys mess up the assignment, you probably don’t like DIRTY WORK, but for the fans of the team this film is a holiday. The highlight comes when Ollie plummets through the chimney, lands in the fireplace, and then he is beaten with bricks falling on his head with insane rhythmic precision, one after the other. I also like the shot of Ollie falling from the roof into the greenhouse; the work process is so weak, I suspect it was something like an internal joke, like W.C. Fields films will show the world's worst rear projection screens. <br /> <br /> Blind stuff is a lot of fun, but the motive of a mad scientist makes this film original, and two supporting players deserve a tip. hat: Lucien Littlefield's prolific character actor is great as a professor, delivering his overripe lines with pleasure and giggling with joy, while Sam Adams is a stitch in the less spectacular role of Jessup, the butler. Despite the fact that Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were in their prime, it is always worth noting that their support in the studio of Hal Roach gave a huge boost to their films. Also, as a rule, they did background music of Le Roy Shield, but DIRTY WORK notes a rare incident from this period when Roach’s comedy has no musical accompaniment at all after the opening credits. Mood music could improve the process, but it doesn't matter; in any case, this is a very nice comedy and a vivid example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular in its time.
