I found this film for the first time when I was looking for some of the works in which Stefan Rideau participated, still in an extraordinary admiration caused by the amazingly beautiful Les Roseaux sauvages (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres) Andre Techine. I was looking for similar films by age. I then found Presque Rien, a film in which director Sebastian Lifshits delightfully amazes us, having received a nomination at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000. The story of two guys, a good "boy next door", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stefan Rideau), who meets during the summer holidays. In a country far from where he lives, Mathieu spends his days on the beach with his sister. There he meets Cedric, a local, with whom he begins this natural and frank relationship, thanks in large part to the sensual and seductive personality that Stefan Rideau gives his characters (in Les roseaux sauvages, 6 years younger, he still retains the innocence of a sweet seducer, the witch matures here on experience). An example in directing, in a love sequence, in an intimate and appreciative description, which is given about boys, first encountered with his (still ambiguous) sexuality and great love. First love, in her terrible progression of ecstasy-despair. The best of the film is the best of France: hot passion, hot and excited rationalism, brownish beauty, simple and natural recognition of families, although not without surprise and first anger. Nevertheless, there is a beach, brightness, lightness and simplicity of summer, the freshness of the breeze, the melody of excitement and the expressive eyes of the closed elkayma (hesitant, resentful, puzzled, passionate). Sex is not avoided and is not exploited, it is considered as it is, without exhibitionist intentions. By virtue of sheer talent, this is a work of drama of unusual quality, without cheap sentimentalism, showing inevitably the real image of two homosexuals in their youth, like any ordinary person, albeit with a social fear of rejection and shame. This is worthy of attention, especially those who love French films (although the DVD cover is very lame, with two actors between dozens of stars smeared with a diamond). The movie witch, in my opinion, deserves 8-9!
