I agree that the film is a little slow in places where there are many scenes of everyday life and there is no dialogue. And I was not impressed right after I watched it. However, after a few days, I realized that the film remains with me, and this causes a sad mood that remains in my memory. My rating of this film is increasing. It certainly deserves more attention than those films that are instantly forgotten. <br /> <br /> As many have commented, the film is non-linear, and this is a distinctive feature of European filmmaking, rather than the linear narrative form that Hollywood favors. I really don't know if this is true or not. Many also dislike its intricate structure and lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I don't think I can say much to change their mind. However, for those who have not yet watched the film, REALLY expect it to be challenged, and DO NOT expect the film to give all the answers, and you could leave, enjoying it more than otherwise. <br /> <br /> The film misses a little, but in fact in the chronicle only 3 periods of time. Pay attention to the hairstyle, and you can easily select 2 of 3 periods. It is also not as confusing as suggested; just enjoy, and in the end everything will be clear. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things remain unspoken or not shown, and many situations remain unexplored. But isn't life like that? Much time you are not sure about the motives of your friends / loved ones, if you do not confront them, and even then you can never be 100% sure that they told you the whole truth. This type of film makes us interpret the reasons for these actions. The film, however, leaves enough clues for you to make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is manic-depressive, even suicidal. What for? I do not know, maybe his life is not quite the way he expects it; he may have missed his family, but he did not forgive his father that he left his sick mother in her difficult hours; may, in the end, he sacrifices for Cedric, rearranging and, indeed, destroying his life to be with him, he realizes that all this is "extinguished." I think that the director wanted to show us that he was always a little insane, the mentality is fragile in this scene with a dead bird. Perhaps he has a very sensitive psyche, and all these stresses affect him. But they also showed us that he was not some kind of psycho torturing animals with his love intercourse with a stray cat. In addition, there is one conversation between the doctor and Cedric, who sheds light on the cause of the gap and, possibly, the suicide attempt. The doctor asks him if everything is in order, and Cedric thinks so, although he once betrayed Mathieu, but according to Cedric, this is nothing. This is the only reason we do not know, perhaps there are others, all mixed together. Is it paramount that we know exactly who they are? I do not think for this movie. Another indicative sign that they are ultimately incompatible is the scene of historic ruins. Mathieu is interested in exploring the ruins, Cedric is not. This is the same raging hormone that focuses only on the physical side without the intellectual side, which Mathieu clearly needs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the final is really quite encouraging and enjoyable. I was pleasantly surprised by the turn of events after a dull tone that is nearing its end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints on the DVD. One of them is sound. It is very soft. I had to turn up the volume to hear the dialogue, and then when he switched to the bar or to the stage on the street, it became too loud. Another is that subtitles cannot be turned off; they remain on the screen. Unfortunately, most DVDs with foreign films that are not produced by a large studio are trashy.
