“Presque Rien” (“Come Undone”) is an earlier work by an incredibly gifted writer / director Sebastian Lifshitz (in collaboration with writer Stefan Bouquet - the team that gave us a later Wild Side). When we begin to understand Lifshitz's narrative style, each of his works becomes more valuable. Allowing their tender and sensitive love stories to unfold in the same random way that occurs in the minds of confused and insecure young men - time is now, time is passing, time is thinking, time is imaginary, time is one - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal, involving the viewer with each aspect of the responses of the characters. To understand his method, you need to work hard, but using his technique deeply immerses us in the film. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (handsome and gifted Jeremy Elkaim) comes to the sea for a holiday, time to allow his mother (Dominic Raymond) to deal with her uncertain disease, which is taken care of by the worldly and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and accompanied his sister Sarah (Leticia Legrix): their distant father stayed at home for business reasons. From the first moments of the film, images of one Mathieu, looking depressed, traveling on trains, talking to someone in a small tape recorder, interlace and come out. It only remains for us to ask ourselves whether the whole unfolding action is a memory or a modern action. <br /> <br /> While sunbathing on the beach, Mathieu notices a handsome young man who turned his age, and we can feel how Mathieu's emotions tremble with confusion. Young Cédric (Stefan Rideau) follows Mathieu and his family home, continuing the mystery of attraction. Soon Cedric approaches Mathieu, and the gentle introduction leads to a kiss, which begins a passionate love obsession. Mathieu, terrified of the direction in which he is going, rejects Cedric’s public approaches, but continues to look for him for parties. These two young people fully experience love, and the presentation of the physical aspect of this relationship, so necessary for understanding this story, is told to the audience in some very erotic and sensual scenes. However, when summer puts on Mathieu, a dedicated student, he realizes that Cedric is a tramp working on seasoning at a carnival. It becomes obvious that Cedric is a partner of Dionysius, and Mathieu - Apollonia: in historical time in the ruins of architecture, Mathieu admires the beauty of history and space, while Cedric is interested in this place as a new refuge for making love <. br /> <br /> Mathieu is a complex man, coping with his family ties, tense serious illness and an absent father, fear of his growing sexuality and his nascent passion for Cedric. Their moments of joy are violated by Cedric’s admission of infidelity and Mathieu’s inability to cope with this problem, and in the end they broke up. Time passes, family changes occur, and Mathieu falls into depression, including a suicide attempt. The way Mathieu handles all these problems and finds solace, oddly enough, in one of Cedric's last lovers, Pierre (Nils Okhlund), leads the film to an ambiguous, but quite successful culmination period. <br /> <br /> After watching the movie, the feeling of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start a movie from the very beginning is now with a strong knowledge of the whole story. Lifshits gave us a film about meditation with passion, conflicts with the abilities of passion found in love, and a silent film of silence and dreams that are incomparably beautiful. The whole cast is superb and the leadership is gentle and provocative. Lifshits is undoubtedly one of the brightest lights of filmmaking. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady harp
