What a strangely wonderful, though sometimes small and cumbersome, budget fantasy. Takashi Miike has already proved that when he got to the Great War with Yokhai, he could immerse himself in other films besides his supposed crime / yakuza niche (this was shown by visitors of Q and Andromedia, the former great, the last), but here Miike is his first and only essay on the joint screen proves no less that he can deliver goods on a postmodern soup from mythical fantasy conventions, and with it a lot of CGI, creature effects and cosmetics, and an epic battle that looks more like wal "than something out of" Lord of the Rings. " Of course, comparisons can be made everywhere, and the most obvious example for them would be Miyazaki, a seemingly unique mixture of heroes “children as big heroes”, hungry for power, seeking earth energy as the main source, mechanism as the greatest evil, and many certain brightly designed creatures (or Yokai from the name). But there can be comparisons with Star Wars, especially with the Gungans fighting in TRM, and with all the power play between good and evil with similar forces. Or for anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, for Henson's films. And through all these comparisons, and even through flaws or excessive moments, Miike is completely with the sensitivity of the effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here Ryunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, a prototype child, who at first is trusting and sensitive to things in the world, but will become a hero in the world that goes into darkness. The darkness from the evil sorcerer, who receives his energy from all the rage and wretched vibrations in the human world, and who also begins to execute spirits and other creatures, yokhai, into the fire that sends them to giant robots, who have only one mission - to destroy and kill anything in their way. Tadashi is preparing to fight the sorcerer Sato, as once Yokai, the main minion and Sato cohort, Agi (Chiaki Kuriyama of Kill Bill, another great villain), steals a small furry companion Tadashi, Sunekosuri. Soon things come to a standstill, at a climax, which recalls many other science fiction films and stories, but can be restrained, to some extent, by Mike and his team. I would probably recommend the “Great Yokai War” for children, but in the forward note that this is not some kind of vague fantasy in American circles. There are many creatures here, including a one-eyed umbrella stand and a walking talking wall, not to mention a tortoise, a fiery serpent and a woman cursed by Sato. Thus, diversity is at a high level on this side, and you can almost feel yourself as creatures and effects that reach an inscrutable height when the “festival” hits when Yokai reaches hundreds of miles. But there is also a strong sense of fantasy in both light and darkness, and Sunekosuri is perhaps the greatest emotional tool at Miike’s disposal (and not only because it is square); where else can you get an audience that goes berserk than with a little fluffy ball of rage that ends in a tragic battle with Tadashi in the form of a robot? <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, despite all this, a sense of anarchy, which can be found in the highlights of Miike’s career, is also present here, which distinguishes it from animated, Muppets and science fiction counterparts. As usual, there is a strange humor, including a song dedicated to the Akuzi beans at a crucial moment of culmination, and more than a few flights of fantasy with creatures and fight scenes (I liked, for example, a guy with a big blue head who should make him less or excited yokai turtle). The greatest danger associated with Mike's access to great special effects and the computer magic with which he flirts is an unnecessary murder for this purpose. He has everything, I am sure, with storyboards, and he creates some memorable impressions with some compositions (one of them, when all is said and done, and Tadashi and the “other” human character are in the middle of Tokyo, the cobblestone in the upper frame), but CGI sometimes a little unconvincing with robots, and the interaction skirts are TOO bright, and some visual effects, such as the Yokai overlay spreading the word about a big festival on the map, just seem weak and patted. I almost wondered if Miike could dip into the (bad) ter Ithor Spy Kids, frankly. <br /> <br /> But beyond this responsibility, the Great War of the Yokai gives more than some of the excitement, dull thrills and innocent melodrama that came with many of the best children's fantasies. He owes a lot to cinema, as well as to traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws always spin in even the most ridiculous and erratic rhythms. This is not the filmmaker at his best, but working in experiments in a commercial environment ends up working in his favor. It has a neat little message, and many interesting adventures. 7.5 / 10
