Many people are fixated on this film as a “children's film,” and this is true, although it is an adult film. Takashi Miike uses the fantasy genre, in particular, the children's fantasy genre, as a springboard into the wild territory that is the Great Yokai War. <br /> <br /> The situation is simple, the boy is selected to play the “hero” in this annual festival only to reveal his role much more real than he could have imagined. This is followed by a hallucinatory, grotesque, bizarre and often amusing journey through the world of Japanese folklore, but wait until there is an evil villain in the loss who wants to destroy the world. However, the villain here is not just a demon, it is a demon-spirit of accumulated discontent with the things that people “use” and “discard”. Using a camera made of pure liquid hate / resentment, the villain transforms bright colorful yokai spirits into soulless ten feet tall robots that cling to hands and eyes like burning coals (those who played the video game, Sonic The Hedghog) may remember a certain Dr. Robotnik, performing the same procedures as the sweet and pleasant ones, which Sonic should then “release”). <br /> <br /> The hero in this film is actually the least interesting character, in fact, playing a direct person, the world suddenly went crazy. Despite the fact that he passes through the typical tests of heroes, he is more often than not colleagues, like many of Yokia themselves, who seem to be truly defenseless against killer robots, some of the spirits are umbrellas with eyes, talking walls or creatures whose the soul is meant in life is the counting of beans ... of course, in this magical world of Yoki-Mike war, even beans get magic power when they are believed. <br /> <br /> In several respects, this film undermines the usual customs of children's imagination, so few heroes, if they exist at all, are heroic, their victory is a combination of randomness, almost arbitrary faith and a desire to have fun. Yokai spirits, only rallying and besieging the villains of the villains, after they take the end of the world invasion of Earth for the great Yokai festival, and even then only for dancing and parties. In addition, the film ends not with the usual festive "all is well", which ends well with fantasy, but with the final scene in which our hero is several years older, with adult work, which is now unable to see the yokai spirits of his youth, who then turn sadly to a villain who, being a spirit, will never die. This ending, with its spirit Yokai, which is exactly the way Pikachu Pokemon, warns us not only to leave childhood itself behind us, but also about the horrors of excessive consumption. A villain is an indignation caused by the fact that people no longer have respect for the world and the objects around them (in Japanese folklore almost every object has some kind of spirit), and therefore, when they are used and discarded, as in consumer societies, without deference, they become soulless vengeful machines, not unlike those that can be seen in modern video games, which suggests that although our fantasies and myths never die, they can be deformed. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scenarios that Mike has. contributed, and I suppose it shows, because there is a conceptual tension that sometimes penetrates under the carpet with its abundance for visual playfulness. Although I focused mainly on history (since many users here seem to write it off), I want to say that visually it is a CGI kaleidoscope, stop animation, costumes and live puppet art that works remarkably well. Many films have fabulous qualities, and Miyazaki comparisons are justified, as are the NeverEnding Story and Labrynth comparisons, although this film is sharper and more mature than any other. Yokai are beaten, brutally beaten and turned into lively hate machines, which, I believe, even kill several people, a deformed aborted male-faced calf is born and dies in the grotesque debut of films, while in a sexy stream women with long neck licking their our boy hero, or other constant memories of the characters about touching the thigh of a young sparsely dressed water spirit in childhood, seems to linger too long for most Western tastes, especially when you consider that " etsky film. " However, they are small enough to attract the attention of adults, while they are small enough to not injure children as bad. Dark tales, before the revision, did much worse, much more often. <br /> <br /> All of this is one of the most accessible and exciting projects of Miikes, with enough visual drama and excellent performances (Yokai humanism spirits and absurd humor for them, which sometimes laugh loudly) to attract an audience of all ages. , and a steady conceptual undercurrent, strong enough to attract an adult audience that allegedly brought their children or got out of a sense of nostalgia for the long-lost fantastic films of their youth. The last group of the film seems to appeal to the hottest requests that they not only continue the passive absorption of the world around them, but demonstrate respect for those spirits inside them that seemed much closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, funny and truly original film from an exciting director who didn’t come close to its top. Instant classic.
