This is probably the best television show I've ever seen. I first saw it on Comedy Central a few years ago. At that time, I did not know that it was sharply edited and was not shown in order, and I just looked at all three series in order and not edited (thanks, the Internet and your wonderful “series of handsets”). I'm so glad I opened it again! I think Comedy Central chose and chose their way through a series of one and two to make a “season” ...... and I tried to find friends and family to watch it, but nobody really liked it (I need new friends). So I myself made the best of it. Even when I felt it dropping a little, I still felt the need to keep looking. Years later, when I discovered Little Britain, I immediately learned that Pauline from LoG had an impact on Marjorie at the Fat Fighters. In addition, I like the idea of ​​the writers who play the whole performance .... (not new, but immaculately made here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No offense, Matt and David .... I love you)! This is really a dark comedic genius. Serial killing, implied cannibalism ..... you call it, and it is probably in this wonderful, unique piece of television art. The pictures from the very first episode are frightening in themselves and seem to beckon you to the city of Royston Vasya ..... You will never leave! I think that my favorite character should be Tubbs, but each character, as he is depicted, has his own “charm”. My smallest favorite was Pope Lazarus, until he surfaced in the third series (smart and completely unexpected)! It is better to watch several episodes in a row, as this leads to continuity and, as I said, it becomes so convincing (at reflection) that you really CANNOT stop looking. This is not for those who have a weak stomach, children, conservatives or a grandmother (unless you have a cheeky grandmother)! I have always loved British television, especially comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, The Red Dwarf, In Search of Appearance, Absolutely Fabulous and British Originals Coupling and The Office (but not their American counterparts ... sorry). This is not like any of those that completely redraws the line between what is funny and what is just sore and perverted. Nothing, NOTHING on American television has ever come close to this level of entertainment. American broadcast television is so sad and lame that I can hardly watch ANY of it. It is sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to show unedited versions of this gem (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are shows that come from “across the pond” that buy out the whole Wednesday every ten years or so. The basic telegram here in the USA in the past few years has taken tiny steps in confident “crossing the lines” with a lot of graphic sexual content, drug use and adult language, but they are still many years away from just being adults in demonstrating real life, adult behavior (instead of just killing obsession and blowing things up, damn, it looks like the same basic show format for the last 35 years)! Don't even get me on an American sitcom! A waste of time and a lot of money spent ...... Did you know that "According to Jim" has been on the air for 10 years ??? 10 YEARS?? In any case ... Watch this show, write it on DVD, do what you should, and then get your friends to watch it! You have never seen anything like it. There are three special offers that I have not yet seen ... I save them in the spring when my best friend comes next time. He will watch them even if I have to chain him and paint him with excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Please note that the third row starts from the first and second ... it seems that the big city disappears to concentrate on new characters, the track of laughter is gone (thanks, damn it), the theme is bigger than the group, less orchestra and a bit. Vasey. Do not give in to any of this, since by the end of the series has retained a quiet perversity, first demonstrated in the first and second series. I think these four guys have created something indefinable. Brilliant, confident and absolutely crazy. You will want to revise it again and again. Surprisingly, in 5 seconds of screen time, they can move from a cheap sight to terrifying blasphemy, and then end up with a close-up expression of a single actor. If I had ever met any of the writers / performers, I would have begged them not to recreate him and not try to surpass him ... I would just say: "Can I help with anything?" (Then they probably gave would slap me, so I would ask them to sign a slap)! 10 out of 10
