Simon Pegg plays the role of Sydney Young, a young writer who began his career in a grassroots magazine specializing in obscene treatment of the superficiality and superficiality of the rich and famous. He makes a career of celebrities, although he desperately wants to become a celebrity. The film is based on a very strange career, Toby Young, who also ran a small magazine in Britain called Modern Review, which offered harsh criticism of practically everything that can be imagined until he closed the magazine under a hail of verbal bullets with his co-author. editor, and then continued a brilliantly unsuccessful career as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is largely part of his life, told in this film. <br /> <br /> At first, he is very happy to go to work in a large publication (in the film this is called “Sharp's Magazine”), and, despite the active nerves, he shines positively on the first day. He meets the editor-in-chief, Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is as hard as a nail, but he is also the type of editor he must be for such a slacker as Young, to keep his work in a journal. He offers little in the form of an immediate acceptance of Yang, but he also has something that can only be described as liberal tolerance for Yang’s unconventional antics and inappropriate behavior. <br /> <br /> Much of the comedy in the film stems from Yang’s misunderstanding or indifference to the generally accepted code of social behavior and particular etiquette associated with relationships with the rich and famous. But Sydney's reasons are to act in such a strange way and give outwardly offensive interviews, because he believes that he hates the whole culture of celebrities and seems to believe in this age-old saying? “If you can't beat them, join them,” and then beat them. ” <br /> <br /> Complicated things - two completely different women. The magazine has a charming, ordinary girl named Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst), who is initially shocked by Sydney’s apparent arrogance and femininity, and a stunning model named Sophie (Megan Fox), who represents celebrity culture. Needless to say, Sydney’s endless attack of superficiality and glory is a superficial thirst for Sophie, which is like a star. <br /> <br /> Sophie is stunningly beautiful, true, but it also seems that not a single thought was in her head. Alison is an ordinary girl, not very interesting or attractive, but the performance of Dunst makes her a real person. The relationship with her will have all the reality of Britney Spears' marriage, and yet the film retains some level of credibility, because, despite how obvious it is, we also feel Sidney's Pain that she does not pursue her (in any case, I it felt). <br /> <br /> H Thanks to “Losing Friends” and “Strange People” has a rather interesting premise and is full of honest, satisfactory ideas, and although in the third act it turns into a part of your standard romantic comedy, it has a lot of good developed and interesting characters. Danny Houston, for example, gives us a great idea as Alison's other love interest, which pays homage to Big Lebowski (also with Bridges in the lead role) with his ever-present White Russian, one of my favorite drinks. Buying Absolute and Kahlua here in China costs about $ 350, but my kitchen never goes without them. <br /> <br /> I look forward to the day when Simon Pegg will spin up a little, because I like his films, but I’m completely unsure of his range. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but only serious in relation to the insanity surrounding him, and ultimately became himself again, which he largely was in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and now Like lose friends He is a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else he can do.
