I really enjoyed watching this movie! At first, when I saw his poster, I thought that this was just another light romantic comedy ... but this is just something more! I personally believe that this idea (which, I am sure, a significant part of the audience had before they watched the film) is another important part of the big concept of the film itself (or even its marketing strategy)! What I mean: we are currently slaves of images! Impressions! I went to the cinema to watch this movie with the wrong impression, wrong expectations, and in the end I felt how superficial I could be! As an example, a sequence comes to my mind at the end, in which Syd buys a plane ticket to return to New York, and when he is asked to “give an autograph,” that is, sign the ticket, he believes that just because on television thanks to the scandal at the awards he is now some celebrity. And this is just, I suppose, the culmination of this main theme around which the movie revolves. In addition, I believe that the film also offers us a solution to this problem, illustrated throughout the film by Sydney's attitude: do not become too serious towards yourself or anyone else ... "even the saints were people at the beginning" .. as Sophie once says in a movie. The saints of the moment are the stars. We attribute to them the "aura" of perfection, eternal happiness, but the reality is much less than that. Even the saints of any religion are images, ideal examples of how to behave and how to live your life. Even they were not real ... they became "real" after they died, and we looked back at them. And this is the catch: we need our saints! we need our stars! We strive for them, as if not for them, we would have nothing to strive for. And television and all other media are a means to create and capture our aspirations. We urgently need benchmarks for what we can measure. And that's how we got to the cinema to watch this movie in the first place: see if we can meet the standard, or the standard for us is small. This time it was more than we expected.
