I was looking forward to “How to lose friends and alienate people” for many months, especially because Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg starred. Simon Pegg is a comedic genius, and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actress. How to lose friends and alienate people! Certainly not perfect, but very pleasant and funny. How to lose friends and alienation People follow the life of Sidney Young, a small, clumsy, British famous journalist who is hired by a high-class magazine in New York. In a spectacular way, Sydney enters a secular society and burns bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. After breaking one black-tie event, allowing a wild pig to inflame, Sydney draws the attention of Clayton Harding, editor of Sharp, and agrees to work with a magazine in New York. Clayton warns Sydney that it is better to impress and charm anyone he can if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sydney instantly insults and annoys fellow Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to target celebrity clients of influential publicist Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also upsets his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Houston). Sydney finds creative ways to annoy almost everyone. His saving grace, rising star Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), who develops a strange affection for him. In time, Allison's friendship was perhaps the only thing that saved Sydney from his downward career. The storyline is very interesting, and the acting was top notch with what the actors gave. Simon Pegg is still as cheerful as ever! He makes Sydney clumsy, unpleasant and annoying as real as possible, but later makes Sydney not only enjoyable, but also a real character for whom you end up cheering. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were great! Kirsten had some great acting and fun scenes, and Jeff Bridges was just Jeff Bridges Bridges! How can you not love him ?! He makes Clayton a very humorous character with some wit, and overall you just love the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Houston were great as an auxiliary. Each had its own personality, which in general was rather unpleasant, but that was what made the film work. One thing I didn’t like was how one-dimensional some characters were. I understand that most of them were supporting actors, but some of them were underutilized and could have given the film more sharpness. How to lose friends and alienate People will never be in someone's top 10 movies or even in the top 10 comedies ever, but he has a very high level of entertainment, and some scenes may even enchant you. How to lose friends and alienate people, of course, one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
