Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE talk about dolls that come to life when there are no people around. In this adventure, they must save a kidnapped French doll named Babette from the pirate captain. Along the way, they travel through the Deep Dark Forest, Tuffy Yam and even the Land of Looney. Will the assistant of their new friend, the Camel with wrinkled knees, help him, or will he simply slow them down due to the hallucinations of his friends leaving him? How will they run away from King Cook and his minions? What would their owner Marcella say when she saw her 7-year-old doll as a gift along with other toys? Delightful surprises await the two adventurers. <br /> <br /> All points out of a possible 10: History: 8 - Very cute. Dolls that come to life when the owner is not around. Not only because they go to many different places, but they are in an imaginary world, so anything can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places, find new friends, it's great. In this, too, all the characters work so well, and who does not like pirates? Acting: 8 - Each character is so well suited to his voice. In particular, the enemy fossa from the vise of Marlon Brando, Greed. The French doll has a very worried French accent, the evil king of Hitler's esquires Cuca (whose hair is similar to Bob Simpson), plays his part perfectly, and the black-eyed old man’s grieving voice Kemel works great. Why was the old duplicated animation much better than the new one? Music: 10 - Nothing but perfection here. The songs were in my head for many years, and revising them almost 20 years later, I still remember each of them and now I can know exactly where these melodies came from. Joe Raposo from the famous "Sesame Street" did a great job with songs for this, and everyone sings very well. <br /> <br /> Edit: 6 - Heh, this is where it can be confusing. I mean, how far did Reggae go anyway? It seems that many events take place one after another, and no one tells WHO that the other dolls and toys were as you have never seen them in the real world of the film, but it does go some way and you know that they end up getting where they need to go, sometimes quite difficult to follow. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico, I must say that there are roles in both films that I will never forget, no matter how hard I try. Mostly scary parts. I probably already mentioned that old films were much worse than modern animation, but this takes the cake into a terrible factor. Outside of the South Park movie and some Disney movies there are almost no animated musicals, or good ones, that are so unique. <br /> <br /> Worth: 8- Classic. Of course, it is worth getting a good copy, but copies of VHS are probably already fully stretched. The DVD version is sold on ebay all the time, and it will certainly be something that you will watch more than once. If anything happens for the purpose of nostalgia. <br /> <br /> Overall rating (not average): 8 - This is a wonderful timeless musical, created in the late 70s, and which can be enjoyed today. All his characters are unique, and the songs are great. So great that you can hum it again and again. Embrace your favorite scarecrow today! Browser Review (including bias): This is not like the series Reggie Ann, which was shot ten years later. It was a much darker and real world. The effects in this are similar to many other cartoons about traveling with acid from the 70s, in particular, on the “Yellow Submarine”. However, it gave me memories that I will never forget, and can still influence things today. It was not easy to find, but it will remain a treasure that will always be in my DVD and video collection.
