Oh God, bless the 1970s, we have some of the worst films that came out of this decade: Exorcist, Jaws, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween, and now Raggedy Ann and Andy: a musical adventure". This film should be used to torture captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world, I mean, seriously, this film scared me to death. My sister had this film in her VHS collection, and I had It is curious what movie they will make from a doll that has come out of a big depression for children with very small pocket money. What the heck? It's funny that this film is a version of Toy Story of the 1970s, pretty much up to the key, only it was a thousand times worse when Disney had Alice in Wonderland to go on trips for drugs for children. <br /> <br /> Whenever Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann, along with her brother Raggedy Andy and the whole nursery full of colorful toys, come to life. On Marcella’s birthday, the new Babette doll arrives in Paris, France, in the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who does not suspect that she is a doll, but friendly Reggie Ann does everything she can to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate captain Kontagioz kidnaps her. Rag Ann and Andy went to try to save her, until Marcella discovered that Babette was gone. In the world outside the nursery, they meet a camel with wrinkled knees, a blue toy camel, which the past owners have thrown away, and now he is broken with grief and alone. After Reggie Ann and Andy ride a camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and, without looking, runs over the edge of a cliff into a deep hole. In this pit, they encounter a greedy, gigantic, gluttonous toffee bunch that constantly eats and is never full. Raggedys and the Camel barely avoided being consumed by Greed and continue their journey to find Babette ?? and believe me, from now on it becomes even stranger. <br /> <br /> Although this film was really disturbing, and I just wanted to cry and close my eyes during most of the film, in fact it was quite creative. On the day when we had a hand-drawn animation that made films more personal and the writers and animators put their heart into it, you could say they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This, of course, was not the worst film I’ve ever seen, I just don’t know who to recommend it to. No matter how afraid I am, I must admit that I am glad that I watched it, sometimes you need "WTF?!" A film to liven up your choices, believe me, when I say that Ragdi Ann had no problems with that. It's official, this doll is just creepy, let's just say this: there is a giant caramel river that eats everything, a king whose head gets bigger when he laughs, a strange thing that humiliates Raggedy Ann and her brother, a strange almost incest between Ann and Andy and a pair of naked dolls who will forever pursue my dreams with their songs. Yikes <br /> <br /> 7/10
