It took me a few views to truly turn around this, but for me, “The Tears of Kali” is one of the highlights of the horrors of the 00s, and independent horror turns into a real masterpiece. Horror anthology, he takes the story of a fictional group of Taylor-Eriksson, a kind of cult based in India, whose members go in search of ultimate self-knowledge and healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results that repeat over the years. With plots that unfold in India, the film is made mainly from three plots in Germany, illustrating the consequences of the work of the Taylor-Eriksson group, sometimes with rather unpleasant blood. The situation is interesting as these things go, but what distinguishes this film is how the images are so carefully tuned to develop the horror of the film. The bad things were unleashed, and the general course of the film is a look at how the desire for self-knowledge and final therapy brings terror to patients, healers and others, and the film is loaded with clever visual cues to the power of dark forces with what he means, dark forces, not connected by time, place or even person. Good examples of this can be found, especially in the first story, when a journalist talks to a woman in a mental hospital. Before this story, we saw Lars Eriksson and, in particular, his sluggish (lazy?) Eye, we also saw how he healed, or at least comforted the patient. The lady psychiatric patient from the first story is seen in the same posture as Eriksson treating the neighbor's patient, and also when she wraps canvases from the art class she launches among her fellow travelers, one of their images shows a face with lazy Eyes like Ericksons. There are also references to people in the smallest roles, additions, and walks, with an additional sensory perception of what is happening in the film, showing a spreading evil and capable of almost infecting others. There is more philosophical than just evil in the film; it is a film about death, suffering, and possible atonement, which are also related to a structure based on Hindu beliefs, which seem to be mere exploitation, but more related to the reality of beliefs that might be expected. (at least from the research I did on Wikipedia). Writer / director Andreas Marshall definitely deserves praise for his ability to create a film. In addition to being thoughtful, the film is also quite scary, the soundtrack for the film “Bharti India” and “Panama John” sounds amazing like a piano jingle, and there are several noteworthy performances, Michael Balown as the sinister doctor and Cora Chilcot as a bizarre patient especially good. The third story also has a wonderful twist from veteran Mathieu Carriera as a healer of faith. The biggest problem of the film is that not so much time is spent, so the potential for fear is lost, but these and several other performances achieve involvement quite well. So the film is not as exciting as it could be, it was shot from time to time and went too, but basically I thought it was pretty cool if a bit less than its possible brilliance. I think you should pay attention to adventure lovers.
