Where was this movie when I was a kid? After his parents broke up, Tadashi moved with his mother to live with his grandfather. Sister Tadashi stays with her father, and they often talk on the phone. Grandpa is only "here" every third day. Moms are never at home. Children always find fault with a poor child. During the village festival, Tadashi is chosen as the “Kirin rider” or spiritual protector of peace and justice. Little does he suspect that soon he will really have to play the role of a hero, since the forces of darkness unite with the fury of things thrown into conspiracy to destroy humanity and the spiritual world. <br /> <br /> Good thing was the easy part. Now the most difficult thing is to try to explain the film. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie for kids. No, this is a great film with flaws (very flawed?), But nevertheless, a great film. It unfolds like all those wonderful books that you loved as a child, and sometimes it is as dense as Tadashi with all her strength to find the strength to become a hero. Watching this, I felt like I was reading a great book, and I thought how huge it would be if it were a book. I liked that the film does not follow the usual path. Things often happen because of chance or because of misunderstanding, one character is immersed in events simply because his foot falls asleep. There are twists and turns that do not seem to be suquiters and are all the more charming (which is typical for Miike). Of course, this is Takashi Miike. This Japanese cinema master is clearly responsible for the film, which is often touching, scary and funny at the same time. No one but Miike seems to understand that you may experience many emotions at the same time or that you might suddenly have turns when things get dark in one second and then funny at the next. I admire the fact that Miike made a dark and encouraging film that is not afraid to be scary, I mean really scary, especially for children. This is the same dark territory that should be in the Harry Potter films, but rarely. This is a dark fairy tale with humor. My first reaction, when I saw the initial image, was that I could not believe that someone would start a children's film depicting the end of the world, and then I realized who was shooting the film. Hats off to Miike for creating a film in which children can cope with frightening images. <br /> <br /> It also works on several levels. The mechanical monsters that the bad guys make are forged from humanity's discarded garbage. The anger of being thrown out feeds the monsters. One of the youkai (spirits) is talking about discarded rage sneakers, because they are dirty or too small when they are thrown. You also have one of the good guys who refuse to join the bad guys, because that would be a human act. This is a wild concept, but like other things floating around, it raises this film to another level. (There are many riffs and references to other films, TV shows and novels that make me wonder why this film is because children may not understand them, although many parents will understand) And, of course, there are monsters. They run from cheese to exciting with stops everywhere between them. Frankly, you must forgive the unevenness of their creation, simply because there must be hundreds, if not thousands of monsters on the screen. This is cool and it works. One of the main characters is Yokai, which I think is best described as a hamster in a tunic, and is often played in stuffed animals, he looks stupid, and yet you will cheer up a little bugger and love every time he rolls on his head Tadashi, (Recognition is also easier if you have ever seen old xylographs of strange Japanese monsters) I mentioned a few flaws, and a few. The effects are uneven, some of the unexpected turns are a little strange (even if it is clear) and some other minor things that disappear two hours after watching the movie. None of them really hurt the film, although most seem to be completely satisfied with the film. <br /> <br /> I really liked this movie. I’m sure that if I saw it in childhood, it would be my favorite movie of all time. (Where is English dub?). Watch this movie. This is a great trip. (In addition, this is a good introduction to the films about Miika without blood and graphic sex)
