Announced as the “first family film” by Takashi Miike, people who apparently have not seen Zebraman. YOKAI DAISENSO goes further in the direction of family relations, diluting darkness and cynicism, creating a grandiose fairy tale. A young boy chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and horrors, which they mostly do not suspect. The film clearly has a bigger budget than Mikey, and a lot of computer graphics to create a fantastic world populated by strange creatures (YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is the result of a more nervous investor, but I think that probably he just wanted to do something else. He has never really been a pony with one trick, but he is often blamed for this — perhaps YOKAI is meant to silence these critics. Despite this, this is a great project for Mike to direct his boundless imagination and ingenuity. <br /> <br /> The film is a very cartoon feeling that evokes thoughts of Miyazaki on the ground. Yokai are based on the old comic book series, which in turn are based on Japanese folk tales, which certainly influenced Miyazaki (especially SPIRITED AWAY). It should be remembered that Mike has nothing but the budget for the Harry Potter film, so the special effects will not be smooth work in Hollywood style - some blue screens are especially obvious. Some of the special effects are great, with some very well animated creatures (a mixture of CG, stop-motion and puppetry). I think the little nose doll that follows the hero for most of the movie was * designed * to look really cheap, and that's all the beauty for it :) The young guy who plays the movie hero does a really good job - so it's hard to find a teenager who really understands the concept of acting, but 9-year-old Ryunosuke Kamiki is a real talent (I see he made voices in the last two Miyazaki films!). Chiaki Kuriyama is amazing as the meanness of the play, although Mai Takahashi was even more impressed, like the pixie-eared Princess River - yum-yum! Those who are looking for another cruel, perverted gangster film will not find what YOKAI is looking for, but if you are a fan of Miike because of his imagination and ingenuity, there is something to satisfy. And he has an extra bonus that you can happily put on any company you have :)
