It was broadcast on television yesterday, so I decided to check it out. It was one of Bruce Timm and Paul Dini’s latest DTV projects related to their old 1992 Batman animated series, after which Jeff Matsuda presented Batman again and again with his new Batman series, but in any case This new Batman is in the center of attention of the film - the emergence of a new squad known as Batman, however, Batman feels the need to stop her because of her extreme methods, and in the meantime kill Pengun and Rupert Thorn, who secretly work with Carlton Dukesne (who has family sampling Lema) and another villain (later described in the film) during the smuggling operation, they also rewarded Batman. The question is, who is this mysterious Batman, and is it possible that they can be more than one? Batman must solve this riddle and stop Penguin’s last operation. For an animated film, this is a rather complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another advantage was the complete redesign of the Penguin, which is more like the sophisticated boss Mobs, whom we used to see in comic books, unlike his previous designs, which borrowed elements from Tim Burton’s vision of Pengium (sewer rat and circus freak). Despite the fact that the film has a story about love, it never goes so far and does not destroy the film, like, say, Batman forever. Voicing is the standard quality for these projects, which are aimed directly at the video (if only Batman: The Ghost Mask followed this path), Kevin Conroy still plays the role of Batman / Bruce Wayne. And, as I said, despite the fact that he works for a very short 80 minutes, he manages to create a pretty good (and difficult) storyline, complemented by a few minor twists and a variety of actions. There are a few drawbacks, however, Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I am sure that Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not click as a pair, although they are only referred to, Tim Drake (aka Robin) does very little in the film and, frankly, I never been a big fan of Batman character Paul Dini and Bruce Timm (especially in their Batman show after BTAS), this “New Adventures of Batman and Robin”, well, it makes Batman look fat then a rather well-built, swollen person (like model character Jeff Matsuda from The Batman). Bruce Wayne seems a bit awkward, these blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent than Bruce (although it is true that they are very similar). Another drawback is Rupert Tron (there is no explanation why he is involved in this deal, but it is safe to say that he has assholes and what the essence of the deal is), which does little to hang out with Pingyma or hurts him at each someone (count how many times this happens in the film and you will be surprised. In general, a good animated film by Batman is at least worth a rental.
