THIS POST CAN CONTAIN SPOILERS: <br /> <br /> Although 5 years have passed since the end of the series, and the WB is currently working on the “League of Justice”, this animated film is a welcome addition to the video library. What for? Well, if Mask of the Phantasm complements the first 70 episodes of “Batman”: the animated series and “SubZero” complement the 15 episodes of “The Adventures of Batman and Robin”, the “Mystery of the Batwoman” complements the last 24 episodes of the Batman version of Gotham Knights . Kevin Conroy once again demonstrates excellent quality and impeccability. I admit that I was a little cautious when I heard about Batman, and all I could think about was the Batman comics written in the 1950s. But I was amazed at the character of Batman, her looks, her costume (which I assumed inspired Bruce Wayne to create a costume for Batman Beyond) and the fact that this film makes you guess who Batman is. If you want to find out who Batwoman is, then buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon appears in a cameo, and I think the authors tried to hint that something was happening between Bruce and Barbara between them, like in "Batman Outside." Tim Drake looks like Robin, but his role is small, and, unfortunately, there are no signs or references to Dick Grayson under the pseudonym Nightwing, which makes me believe that he settled in Bloodhaven (his city in comics). /> <br /> Of the three suspects in Batman, my favorite is Katie Ducane, who is very similar to Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did an excellent job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to baddies, I'm glad the Penguin was one of them, but I didn't like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengie just doesn't sound right. The same goes for Robin. With a new guy, everything is fine, but as soon as I began to get used to Matt Valencia, he was replaced. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who is voiced by Carlton Dueken, is now the voice of the Joker in the Batman series. And we finally see what Rupert Thorn looks like, updated since he did not appear in the Gotham Knights episodes. The late John Vernon will be bored. Although I liked Henry Silva as the voice of Bane, if you replace him, they got the right person in the form of Hector Elizondo. I would just like them to use Two Face, Riddler or the scary new version of Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The musical accompaniment and especially the soft intro were excellent. I wish it was on the soundtrack, and I especially liked the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Lounge along with her song Betcha Neva. Although some believe that this film is weaker than Phantom Mask and Subzero, I find it as strong and pleasant as everyone else, plus, as I said earlier, this is a full-length film based on the version of Batman from Gotham Knights, which I think gives a good balance. At the very least, I would recommend first renting this DVD before buying it to those who might be suspicious of this film, but personally it's worth it. I give Mystery Batman 9.
