To begin with, I have always been a fan of Batman’s cartoons, because the theme is so universal that “every living person has an alter-ego”. This is true in Mystery of the Batman. Although overall the story is good, I’m disappointed that they didn’t do much for the franchise with this. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, unfortunately, you’re trying to figure out who Batman is. You can find out by looking at the list of credits posted on this site (so if you have not seen this yet, do not go there). I was disappointed that they did not make the film longer. 75 minutes is too short for any movie. The secret identity of the bat also appears too early in the film, sort of halfway through, and later becomes anti-climate, because you know that the good guys will always win, and that the new character, known as Batman, will disappear after the movie ends. I'm also not too sure about the new animation style used in this film. I like smooth new characters, but there must be some details where details are required. Some parts of the animation look so awkward and tough that they immediately attract your attention, diverting your attention from the plot. I also didn’t really like the bright atmosphere used in most scenes; it’s as if losing its dark and gothic atmosphere, like Batman’s. Similarly, we had to learn more about the personality of the bat, so that we could create the same deep compassionate feeling that Bruce Wayne had. I also think that the fight with Bane should have been better. In a typical kids' fashion, a bad guy meets his death too easily, stumbling, falling, getting an electric current or doing something stupid that works against them. If you think, there was not a single drop of blood in this film. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that this is a good entertainment movie, and I recommend everyone who is a Batman fan to watch it. He has a good storyline, universal appeal and even a great acting game. I just wish they could make more permanent changes to the story, forcing Batman to stay to make things more interesting. Don't just imagine her, and then kick her out as soon as she finishes. I would also like to see someone else figure out the secret to change finally. So that someone other than Batman would solve the mystery and later fill it with details. <br /> <br /> I hope that there will be more animated films, and we look forward to the time when we can really see the gap between Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. He leads her forever and does not even love her, and I cannot believe that she was so stupid as to fall in love with someone 20 years older. I also want to see the time when Tim Drake leaves, because he is tired of the old man. In short, I want to see everything that led the characters to where they will be in Batman Beyond. Otherwise, the same recurring formula will simply complete it faster than if they simply decided to continue the story. <br /> <br />
