Fans of "Capital" rejoice! This first season of this series is now available from Network DVD, and I recently received my copy! Despite the fact that the ensemble of key key characters of the Capital City trading platform really presents us with different moments in both the first and second seasons, when each team member plays a significant role in a certain central or peripheral storyline. The cultural mix (English, Irish, American, German, Polish) of Head Trader Wendy Foley's staff (played by Joanna Phillips Lane) is balanced by their own characteristic manners, interests and personalities, which helps to make them quite unfamiliar and, most people, seemingly a barren financial trader who reasonably participates in exciting performances by actors. In fact, this seemingly dynamic young team of employees is directly opposed to the rather balanced and old-fashioned senior management of Shane Longman in the person of Lee Wolf (Richard Le Parmentiere) and James Farrell (Denis Hawthorne). I suspect that such an unconventional way of working that was used by Wendy’s team would not have become a reality if it were not for Peter Longman’s youthful reclusive “free spirit” who inherited his thirty-percent share in the company from his father and allowed the more fashionable Relaxed modern way of doing business became a reality. To some extent, Wendy’s immediate supervisor (I believe that) Leonard Ansen (John Bowe) follows the establishment in the traditional manner of managing a company, but his love for Wendy sees rather that he occupies the “middle ground” in most cases. I believe that the main interest in the series is related to the boiling romantic attraction between Declan Douglas Hodge and the cool, self-confident blonde German trader Michelle Hauptmann (played by Trevin McDowell), who kept the audience constantly interested in the situation between these two colleagues. will develop beyond the close friendship / tenderness that they undoubtedly have. <br /> <br /> I look forward to watching this title, and I hope the second season of thirteen will not be too far!
