It begins with several principles on the stage leading to Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like a Duke) is a driver and starts his usual tirade against women in general, with the exception of his girlfriend Pearl. He then tells a distorted version of the biblical story about Samson to justify his long mustache against the wishes of Pearl, no less than the urban barber who claims that if everyone follows his example, she will be out of business. This point will return to dominate the last scene in the film. Gabby seems annoying to some reviewers, but is a definite plus to this. It is a pity that he was not in the best Westerns of Randof Scott to ease Randy’s iron-jawed behavior. Also at this stage, Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Catherine Craig, as Celia Wallace), with whom he meets, and a little girl (Myrtle), with whom he soon becomes a hero, when he saves her from the stage of escape after how it is supported by Uncle Randy's minion, wheelchair-bound, John Armin (George Cleveland), who essentially controls the city. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learns that his uncle and, accordingly, he himself is not very popular among the residents of the city. He, however, quickly creates a useful friendship with Gabby. After he finds out that Uncle John was responsible for capturing the scene of his business rival, Celia Wallace, and the related murder, he demands that Uncle John return the money and decide to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden) instead of for uncle john. <br /> <br /> As his opponent’s prospects grow, Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, like Letty Tyler) in Wallace's office to keep him informed when they deliver the ore from the mines to the city. so he can sabotage their run. When this does not work, he resorts to the draconian tactics of setting his own office on fire, which Randy is accused of. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty’s apartment, providing her with convincing evidence that she warned Uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This places him and Letty in a dog house with Celia (his obvious handsome) and Ted (who hopes to achieve Letty). This news also ends Uncle John’s trust in Letty as an informant, and he invites her to leave the city. Instead, she goes to the other side and tells Wallace why Randy was in her apartment. Uncle John again tries to sabotage their ore, and when this fails, a general exchange of fire takes place in the city. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well built and executed, with complex relationships between principles and with many obstacles that Randy must overcome, sometimes with the help of his partners. At the very least, Randy was spared the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had the choice to avoid murder, but he haughtily believed that the woman did not have the courage to carry out her threat. The presence of Heis and two beautiful healthy single women, as well as little Myrtle, as Uncle John put it, helped a lot to ease the tense situation in this struggle for survival. <br /> <br /> It seems strange that Barbara Britton, the “bad” girl, gets the highest female bills for Catherine Craig, Randy's love interest. Barbara's camera time was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up on the Lassie series starring George Cleveland in the role of “Grandfather” will be surprised to find that he plays such a dastardly controlling villain. We may wonder if his status as a wheelchair is relevant to this person. This leaves him little opportunity to earn money in the wild west. Without an obvious family that could support him (except Randy), he could not afford the upstart to knock him out of the most profitable business in the city. On the other hand, from his conversations, he probably achieved his status as a "city boss" before becoming wheelchair bound.
