The summary line above, told by James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Stirling), says a lot. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way to make things happen, the only trouble is that he usually leaves dead bodies where he was. Not what Tom teaches for younger brother Jeff, who likes what he sees in Jim, especially when he protects his ranch from local Texas pastoralists. <br /> <br /> The credits say that John Barrymore Jr. is introduced as the Younger Brother, ”this is his very first appearance on the screen. It seemed rather strange to me, especially given the fact that he was almost immediately addressed as Jeff. Around eighteen during this film, he has a passing resemblance to Sean Penn. Not being familiar with personal and legal issues throughout his career, as well as his alienation from his family, I wondered if his daughter Drew Barrymore could ever see this picture. I tend not to think. <br /> <br /> As for the similarity, I was struck by the idea that young Robert Sterling at the beginning of his career looked a little like Roy Rogers. Knowing Sterling earlier only on his role as George Kirby in the early 1950s on the television series Topper, I thought that he looked out of place in the west, but it could be just me. His character is encouraged by his brother’s resourcefulness in creating problems and provides some of the sharpness of this not very typical story. Minor side stories abound, including the ranch relationship John Gall (John Litel) has with his son a sheriff (who is killed by Kid Wichita), and a problematic marriage between Kathleen Boyes (Katy Downs) and her husband Earl (who kills Kid Wichita ). Chill Wills completes the main cast as one of the hands of Tom Klaus and appears in a somewhat predictable finale. <br /> <br /> What is not quite predictable is how everything eventually ends up there, and for this reason this Western earns points for following the less traveled, therefore, not as formal a plot as many westerns are a good brother / bad brother. Combined with the eclectic cast of principals, I would recommend it, even if you have to endure some transitions and careless editing that I experienced with my copy.
