Robert Culp (they call their character "doctor" ... I think he is a veterinarian or something like that) and the family is moving to a wealthy, low-tax, suburb with zero protection. A lantern-capped Culp and his dog are almost killed when some local idiotic neighbour's children get drunk and "sail" through his front yard at a speed of 60 miles per hour. He makes accusations that infuriate the children, and suddenly he and his family are victims of a cruel and disturbing rally campaign. <br /> <br /> Marilyn Manson, or rather Marlene Mason, plays his capricious, cooked celery wife, who urges him not to use violence against his mocking opponents, and who really just wants to move somewhere with decent government services . But The System is no good, and he is not going to leave his house because of some punks and their crazy rock and roll music. And we all know that people make movies when the system goes down ... (but this is based on a true story that makes it even better). <br /> <br /> It should be noted that while villainous hooligans do have a comfortable 70s-themed “youth” themed music that warns us when they do not do any good, this film actually finishes viewing age groups impartially ( really!). From this nothing comes from generation to generation. Glory for that. <br /> <br /> In any case, if you love dogs (or at least believe in protecting their civil rights, like me), and you love justice, and you love fire, and you love justice for dogs , the path of fire, and you think that people who nervously run out of troubled communities are “too damn soft,” then the spirit of this film is your path to success. No, this is not quite “good,” at least in any widely accepted sense of the word. There is nothing subtle, undervalued or clever about it, it's just a kind of full-length PSA for vigilance. This, however, captures the feeling of some memorable scenes in other, beloved works. Remember in Frank Miller's The Return of the Dark Knight, when Batman leads the Mutants on horseback to bring Gotham City back? Remember that scene in “Christmas Story” where a child drives a bully's face? Remember how cool it was? Or do you just really dislike it when neighbors look at you ridiculously? Yes Mon <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it was a 1973 film made for television that I accidentally saw at 4 am at my local WB affiliate, and it probably wasn’t intended for a DVD release. But after I was inspired by this film, you think, I just sit here and take it!?!
