This low-budget erotic thriller, which has a few good moments, but much worse. The plot revolves around a female lawyer trying to clean up her lover, who is accused of killing his wife. Being a soft film, this entails stealth in a strip club and sex with potential suspects. As plots are going on this type of genre, not bad. The script is in order, and the story makes enough sense for someone at 2 o'clock in the morning to watch it, so as not to notice too many holes in the plot. But everything else in the film seems cheap. The main actors are not so bad, but pretty much all the supporting actors are incredibly bad (one girl seems to be drunk and / or high). Cinematography is poorly lit, everything looks grainy and ugly. The sound is so terrible that you can hardly hear what people are saying. The worst thing about this movie is the reason why you watch it is sex. The reason why people watch these things is hot sex scenes with really hot girls in Red Shoe Diary situations. Sex scenes are not hot, they are sloppy, shot in this porno style, where everything is just a master shot of two people walking at him. A woman also looks like they are a refuge from porn shooting. I'm not trying to be rude or angry here, but they all have breast implants and a burned / weathered look. Even the title “Deviant Obsession” sounds like a hardcore movie. Not that I have nothing against porn - in fact, I love it. But I want my soft core and my core to be separated from each other. What happened to such actresses as Shannon Tweed, Jacqueline Lovell, Shannon Weirry and Kim Dawson? Women who could act, and who would completely wake you up? And what happened to the B-erotic thrillers, such as Body Chemistry, Nighteyes and even Stripped to Kill. Of course, none of them contained masterpieces, but at least they looked like films. In addition, they went beyond the limits, going beyond the relatively fragile position of Hollywood regarding sex, sexual obsessions and perversions. Now they just make hard movies without hard sex.
