Sliding a glacier in a cavernous ice mountain sends three of its characters, rushing along an endless tube of wet glide that has enough impact to blind children just as a mature audience can be blinded by a sequence of stargates that closed in 2001: Space Odyssey. Miles from each other in a vision, but, nevertheless, it is a scene of great agiotage and excitement. The gorgeous opening sequence also takes place when a fluffy squirrel-like creature tries to hide its precious acorn. You've probably seen this scene in the trailer, but when it happens, it triggers a domino effect when the mountain starts to crack, and, as a result, an avalanche. The horror only continues when the creatures try to escape from the impossible. <br /> <br /> The film traces two characters: a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and a thick-teeth sloth (John Leguizamo) when they try to migrate south. They find a human child being adopted, and then decide to track the parental figures in order to return to them. They are joined by a saber tiger named Diego (Denis Leary), whose predatory intent is to lead a child into his tiger clan, leading a mammoth and a sloth into a trap. Diego's meat-eaters most want a mammoth, but Diego's friendship values ​​make it easier for them to make choices that end up making choices. <br /> <br /> During the journey there are fatalistic natural hazards, including a volcanic eruption and a glacial bridge, which for a moment threatens to melt, which resembles the escape of a castle in Shrek. The characters reflect on why they are in the Ice Age, while they could call it “Big Cold” or “Nippi Era.” Some characters desire future global warming. Another great phrase about pairing between friends: “All the great guys are never around. Sensitive eaten. An abundance of lines in abundance, bizarre comedy and easy adventure make this film quite simple to watch. In addition, food for such vegetarians is so scarce that they consider dandelions and pine cones "good food". <br /> <br /> Romano, Leguizamo and Liri's vocal talents excel in their characters, while children admire their antics, adults will love their riffs with their own talents. There is little violence and intense content, but children will be shocked by the excitement and will get one of the early ideas about the ancient battle of good and evil, and family traditions and friendship will be strong thematic connections. Animators also majestically use background landscapes that are simply amazing. <br /> <br />
