Ice Age is one of the cartoons ever created by Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 as the first. We are introduced to the main characters: a squirrel named Skrat (voiced by Chris Wedge, and PLEASE NOTE: The sound of Scrat’s screams is the sound of Tom screams from Tom and Jerry), a woolly mammoth named Manny (voiced by Ray Romano from “Everybody Loves Raymond "), A sloth named Sid (voiced by John Leguizamo from Titan AE) and a saber-toothed tiger named Diego (voiced by Denis Leary from Pixar" A Bug's Life "). /> <br /> The film begins with the fact that Skrat is trying to bury the acorn, and immediately after that he caused an avalanche. Then we see a herd going south for the coming ice age (with the exception of Manny, who goes the other way, looking for other mammoths like him). Sid comes out of his cave, yawning, and sees that his family has abandoned him. Then he pays a fee with some aardvarki. Unfortunately, Sylvia (voiced by Kirsten Johnston from “3rd Scala from the Sun”) haunts him, a female orange sloth who wants Syd to go with her to migrate. Eventually, Sid teams up with Manny, and they become friends. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, next to a human tribe, Soto (voiced by Goran Višnichem), an evil saber-toothed tiger, wants revenge on the leader of the tribe for destruction. half of his pack, just stealing from him his little son Roshan. In the morning, he, Diego and the minions of Soto, Lenny (voiced by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (voiced by Didrich Bader) and Zeke (voiced by Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the leader's wife ran off with Roshan and gave him Manny and Sid to take care. In the end, Diego joins them and goes on a journey to bring Roshan back to his tribe, who are also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Skrat, Sylvia and Roshan, there are minor characters, including a pack of wolves, used by the Roshan tribe, not to mention a thick purple sloth female named Jennifer (voiced by Jane Krakowski) and skinny female yellow a sloth named Rachel (voiced by Lori Bagley), whom Sid shows them Roshan when they rest in a tar pit. By the way, two rhinos, Karl (voiced by Cedric "Entertainer" from Madagascar ") and Frank (voiced by Stephen Ruth from Finding Nemo Pixar), pursue Sid for spoiling their food and confronting Manny on a rock, just minor ones characters The same goes for dodos, who use melons as food. <br /> <br /> Fun in this movie is very funny. For example, Manny speaks through the trunk, saying: “I’m NOT GOING!” When Jennifer and Rachel came out of the pit, Sid asked Jennifer: “What do you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?” Then Jennifer answers him: “ What do you say if you jump into the pit of TAR !? ”Rachel also kicks Sid into the waist. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid by the neck with his teeth, then asks if he is holding his breath, asks Diego to eat him and quickly leaves. <br /> <br /> Since “Ice Age” is not only a success, it has 2 continuations: the first was “Ice Age: Meltdown”, which was released in 2006, and the other was “Ice Age: Breaking Dawn dinosaurs ", which will be released next year. I can hardly die, expecting to see what the Ice Age: The Dawn of the Dinosaurs will look like.
