Slaughter High begins just like any other day in Doddsville County High School, where little naughty girl Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) deceived the botanist Marty Ranzen (Simon Scuddamore) in the dressing rooms for girls, where she tells him to strip in the shower while doing this. Carol's brigade of friends enters and presents the now naked Marty with a big surprise when they take it off, when they poke their heads in the toilet for girls in an April joke. The school's athletic trainer (Mark Smith) saves Marty and punishes the gang, which pretty hard blames Marty, they decide to play another trick with him, only this time everything gets out of control, and Marty gets into an explosion and a spray of nitric acid on his face. Years later, and the whole gang is invited to a class reunion in a closed school, they all come to discover that they are the only ones there. They all take risks inside, where they quickly find out that they are not the only ones, because Marty returned and took revenge on him ... <br /> <br /> Originally filmed under April Fool's Day, which they changed, probably because of another slasher April Fool's Day (1986), filmed that same year that this joint American-American production is unusual in that it has three distinguished writers and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after they have never seen a film with three awards) ezhisser, I now saw two a week, the other was the film "Jean-Claude Van Damme» (Kickboxer, 1989)), and I must say that I really liked Slaughter High, although he has a pretty bad reputation. One of the things that I like about this scenario is that it is a pure, shameless slasher, it does not try to be something else, but simply accepts the rules of genres, short appearances, attributes and reproduces them. Basically it provides what he promises, the killer-killer, blood, boobs and babes. I thought the character was fine, the story was fine, although this is just a reason to load the teenager in an isolated place so that some killer could kill them one by one, and I really liked the ending of the turn, which also what Slaughter High gets a lot of evil for. The first half starts a little slower, but the second half moves at knots' speed, as one bloody murder after another occurs. Some situations and character reactions do not make much sense, but the same can be said about any movie ever shot, so who is complaining? <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the three deserved directors Slauter High turned out to be pretty good, I liked the look of the film a lot. The isolated abandoned school, created for a truly atmospheric location and looked good, the creators also make a good thunderstorm, and there are some good photos, especially at the end, where there are numerous impressive continuous long-term tracking shots that follow Carol through various corridors of the Worn School. Despite the fact that he is not very stylish, he looks quite nice and professional. There is some kind of good blood here, including burnt bodies, people melted with acid, dents, stomach explosions, axes on faces and death from lawn mowers, as well as someone who drowns in feces into the sewers! The special effects are also better than one would expect, and I was impressed and delighted with the larger than expected number of bodies. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film turned out better than I expected, and surpassed all the lowest budgets that will be released today, I would think that it was a relatively small budget. Presumably established in America, it was very obviously filmed in England. Harry Manfredini composes another score that sounds exactly like all his other musical scores, and basically coincides with the theme of Friday, the 13th (1980), and this is a continuation. Anyone who lives here in the UK is sure to recognize Billy Hartman, who played Frank in Regular on Emmerdale's farm (one of the most popular soap operas in our countries), in which he plays Terry Woods! While most horror fans recognize the sexy Caroline Munro in a rare role. Legendary exploitation producer Dick Randall did a thing on Slaughter High & actually appears in the film as a porn movie producer ... talk about types! You can also see a poster with the misunderstood brilliance that was “Pieces” (1982), which he also took off in his office. <br /> <br /> “Slaughter High” is a slasher film that I really liked, did you see that? ? I did not say that it was great, I actually said that I liked it on a personal level, and I’m sure that the predictable plot and lack of history will probably push many away, so I cannot recommend it, but I can say that I liked to make what you want. Make sure you watch the uncut version if you decide to check it out. If you are not a fan of the slasher-flick genre, then Slaughter High will not change your mind, but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher, you could do a lot worse than this.
