God bless the slasher of the 80s. This is a fun, funny movie. This is what slasher films are talking about. Now I'm not talking about horror movies, just about slasher. It looks like this: the nerd of high school is chosen by all these stupid athletes and fans, and then one of their jokes is terribly wrong. Disfigured and brought back for revenge, wearing a Joker / Jester mask (rather creepy looking, I might add), Marty starts killing these teens one after another many years later, after he manages to make them believe that their old abandoned high school reunion Is it basically a plot? What's bad about it? This is the beauty of the slasher films of the 80s, most of which I would say. Many things can be so ridiculous, but they continue to attract you more and more. Especially this movie. <br /> <br /> It tells about the outrageous murders, and some of them are quite creative. (beer can poisoning, acid bath, I can't remember a spear ever used before in any other slasher film) This is a really funny, funny movie. That's all. Never mind the fact that the characters are idiots, do not pay attention to their stupidity and do not pay attention to the outrageous, random things that happen in this film. For example, a light that a killer can control (when he doesn't even switch any buttons, you will see) and toilets capable of coughing up blood, baths in which acid can come out of them, just use it as a part. your entertainment! Because this is what really makes it interesting. <br /> <br /> These films are slasher 80s. Movies can never be made again, do you know why? This is not the 80s. That's why you should just keep them as they are, fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a fan of Slahsers, such as Friday the 13th. <br /> <br /> And one more last note that this film also had a villain, Marty Ranzen. A mutilated nerd who kills all his old foes in the creepy Jester's mask. A good villain makes a good slasher. Simon Scaddamore, who played Marty, apparently committed suicide shortly after the release of Slauter High. That in itself adds something creepy to the film, and sticks to it, and it even makes you feel sorry for the character Marty, I think. All in all, a great 80s slasher game! It's a shame that it will never be the same ...
