Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes art from the least “tricky” objects imaginable. Everyday household items, such as boxes, crates, metal containers, etc. — objects that most of us perceive as utilitarian at best and which are completely without aesthetic virtues, are instead turned into magnificent objects of art with the help of Burtynsky’s camera. . He achieves this result by focusing on repetitive colors and geometric patterns that are obviously ever present in industrialized countries - for those who are astute enough to detect them, that is. Even heaps of compacted debris can become objects of beauty, if you look through the lens of Burtynsky (but didn't we know about this from Wall-E?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards, where Man has already invaded nature — which may explain why sometimes even people in his photographs (that is, workers in these places), with their uniforms and robotic movements, become part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> “Produced landscapes” is a documentary film about the work of Burtynsky, reminding us of “Koyaanisqatsi”, because it amazes us with its colorful kaleidoscope of images and patterns. In fact, director Jennifer Baychwal and filmmaker Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original photos in purely cinematic terms, as their own camera takes photos from Burtynsky and his assistant at a factory in China, at a shipyard in Bangladesh and at a construction site in the Three Dam construction project Rivers Gorge in China. With their smooth camera work, the directors compare the exact beauty of the images of Burtynsky. In fact, the film begins with a stunning eight-minute tracking of a Chinese factory, in which hundreds of equally dressed workers work in perfectly symmetrical and color-coordinated rows. <br /> <br /> The film does less well when Burtynsky starts to formulate the “themes” of his work, which, frankly, sound confusing, contradictory, and at best decisively unfinished. But just as an aesthetic experience, emphasizing the image and shape, "Produced landscapes" resonate the most. Perhaps in the case of Burtynsky the picture is really worth a thousand words.
