I heard that this film was a study of the landscape photographer’s art, representing beauty in the human decay of the natural landscape. This, of course, showed time-consuming activity in finding locations, setting frames and shooting vivid images, the final destination of which was art studios around the world. Combining moving pictures is truly a horror show. <br /> <br /> This film oozes out by squeezing the shock of scary images with gentle waves of a wonderful industrial soundtrack that you like on a slow river. Each sequence stands by itself, but in combination you will plunge deeper and deeper into the feeling of irresistible inevitability. There are several words that allow greatness to preach in their own way. A terrible huge factory filled with human machine guns that live in hopelessly lifeless dormitories. People die early, rummaging through recyclable waste in the mountains of our e-junk. The birth of giant ships and their destruction by hand in giant cemeteries. Construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial facility in the history of mankind and likely for all time. The time interval, as the city dies and at the same time is reborn into an exact copy of modernity, which purposefully destroys all the remnants of the culture that was. <br /> <br /> The worst engineer for me was a dam engineer, explaining that the most important function of the dam was in combating floods. The shot is transferred to the garden for a representative, where you observe the level of the last flood from toxic water that ate bark from trees, demonstrating that only the most disgusting parasite can live in the waters. <br /> The obvious, which is not stated, is much more effective than your usual sermon. Documentary films "Save the Earth". Artist Edward Burtynsky perfectly explains the method. "Not to mention what you should see ?? Today, many people are sitting in an uncomfortable place, where it is not necessary to give up what we have, but we understand that we create problems that accumulate deeply. It is not just right or wrong. It requires a completely new way of thinking. ” The subtlety of this process boils down to a particular proposal, but the images of the film scream that the decision was made in favor of the dark side. <br /> <br /> Although it was never stated directly, how can the waves of what you testify, wash away from your consciousness and you think, is only one conclusion possible? we are doomed. The progress of humanity, which is inevitable from our nature, leaves behind itself a massacre, in which this artist finds horrific beauty. In fact, he captures the traces of how we, lemmings, unconsciously rushing to our own death. Unlike most films on environmental issues, this film ends without a call to arms. Basically, he proves what the essence is, but I am sure that you are putting the blame on all of us.
