This is a documentary created by the magnificent work of a Canadian landscape photographer, who has long been interested in the destructive actions left on the ground as a result of excavations or human structures. It begins with a huge factory complex filled with people producing a wide variety of small things, presumably parts of high-tech equipment; it's not entirely clear. The emphasis is on how large this place is and how many people are there and how they are driven into the street in little yellow jackets. The film also features a high-end photographer working to take a picture of these people outside the factory, while at the same time talking to his team. This is a world of ruthless industrialization. At least it is nice to know that these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case with the joyfully cold documentary film by Nikolai Geikhalter about the food industry “Our daily bread.” “Produced landscapes” contain images of people collecting waste and cities (in fact, many cities) destroyed by the largest dam in history, with a single insignificant trademark picture of a little girl in the ruins of her own district, eating from a bowl with a pair of sticks almost more than she. Some of these scenes, with terribly underpaid workers working in hazardous and toxic places, could have been captured unforgettably by Prime Photographer Sebastian Salgado. But this photographer is not so interested in seeing people up close. His orientation puts him somewhere in the middle between Salgado and the cold neutral modern landscape photos of Lewis Balz. <br /> <br /> Of course, all this is happening in China, although there are earlier black and white shots taken by the photographer. around a large shipbuilding site in bangladesh. It is backed up by New Age industrial style music, which alternately calms and depresses. There are many photographs of the photographer - or were some of them taken by the film crew? This is not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the name of the photographer. We see people wandering around the exhibitions of his beautiful works - large dramatic prints of carefully composed color images of a viewing camera with beautiful glow. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and magnificent pictures of places that are essentially ruined, and for the ordinary eye depressing and boring. He admits that he takes no political position. When we can compare his images with images taken by the filmmaker's peeking eyes of the film Peter Mettler, the work of Burtynsky almost boils down to a kind of glorification and, therefore, to falsification. But he shows us places that, if we take a closer look, reveal their complete dark history of devastation and neglect, no matter how subtly their photographs are taken. <br /> <br /> It is logical, but not quite fortunately, this is Burtynsky, whose off-screen texts tell about most of the film, since it covers different sites. The “baptisms” of Burtynsky may have inspired his decades of excellent work, but they are nothing but the truth about how we irrevocably change the planet; depend on the oil that will end; that China entered the game of mass industrialization late, and therefore may burn early due to depletion of fossil fuel reserves. Interest in "Produced Landscapes" would be much higher if insightful new ideas emerged that would accompany him. There are two reasons for viewing it: to see glimpses of the work of Burtynsky and raw materials, the places he visits, and such excellent chronicles; and watch scenes from the vast, amazing, frightening, and rather terrifying industrialization of modern China. <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of the narrative, the idea of ​​the name “Produced Landscapes” seems to be underdeveloped. It even seems wrong. They are new landscapes, but they are a by-product of production, not “produced”. “Waste Landscapes” or “Wasted Landscapes” may be more appropriate names. This documentary has left a lot of room for more intellectual and search work on this intriguing film; and those who want to learn more about Edward Burtynsky could better view his books or exhibitions.
