As soon as I found out that Keira Knighttley was filming this film, I said, “I have to watch this movie.” She is the undisputed protagonist, Domino, bounty hunter. Her “work”, as the “inaction” scenes teach us, reflects her rebellious, cruel attitude to life. I have to admit that this is the first time I watch an action movie, the most important scenes of which are the scene in which the weapon is far from the hands of the characters. So it trampled me a little. In any case, for all fans of John Woo, helicopters fall, explosions, shooting, as if it is raining, and beautiful Keira, who shoots two machine guns, one per hand. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Going beyond Keira, who in this film is a real tomboy, quite different from the beautiful figure we used to see, Mickey Rourke is back, with his usual slapping face and powerful body. Christopher Walken does an excellent job with his work as a reality show producer. <br /> <br /> Let's move on to the content: this film has a journalistic form. The talk show scene "disgusting" is real. Anyone who viewed this shipment. You know that you can say that this is the air you breathe in such situations. Like the producer, when Domino's mom says that the reality that should show Domino's life is “rubbish; no offense ", he replies:" I do not take it as an insult. " This film depicts a difficult life. Domino, from the world who did not want her, Ed (Mickey Rourke), the bounty hunter "not so generous," Choc (the third boy of the group), whose family (using Ed's words) "he was a correctional institution," and Alf, driver / bomber arriving from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people somehow represents humanity born "without a shirt"; unhappy, cruel, and who have nothing to lose, except for their (as they think) unhappy life. The introduction to the film says that it is “inspired by a true story ... more or less,” so I cannot say how true this thing is. In any case, going beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could be “added” to make the film easier to see and classify it as an action movie), the story of the characters is too realistic to be “painted”. <br /> <br /> The interaction between the characters is diverse, well studied and definitely not boring. What did not convince me so much is the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober as never before in her acting career). This represents only the reason why Domino begins to tell his story (and this is the story). Probably the only "crook" in the film a lot of "pluses". <br /> <br /> In general: this is not "SWAT". Characters are created; they have personality, form. They have a name and surname (and not just "Gambling" and "Street"). This is the occasion to say that this is a biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a bullet.
