Advance notice: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing a racing card, but when I saw the preview of this film, I thought, “Finally!” I have not seen a single film about popular dance influenced by Africa (whether popular hip-hop movements, break or step), where the main character was a black woman. I have seen an excessive number of films, where not a black woman who knew nothing about hip-hop, comes to her senses and does a mediocre work on it (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but Black women in the film almost does not exist. It always bothered me, considering so much hip-hop, dance under the influence of Africa, and the breaking took place in huge numbers with blacks and Latin Americans in these particular sets, and not always men played it, so I felt that this film was a long time, however The race does not make a film, so I also wanted him to wear a believable storyline; dances will be entertaining; and fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Pros: I really liked this film about Jamaican culture. I can't remember ever seeing a popular, mainstream film, where all the main characters were Jamaican; had plausible accents; and were not stereotypical with caps. Steppers, family, friends, and even “thugs” were really smart, realistic people who tried to love, live and survive in the area in which they lived, doing something positive. Even when viewers learned that the main character's sister chose an alternative lifestyle, the plot did not become stereotypical. I was pleased with the way it was depicted. I loved stepping; romantic flirty relationship between two steppers; the trials that the parents of the main character experienced and how she coped with returning to her old neighborhood and fighting crabs in a barrel. I respected that she was so smart and active at the same time, and so many other systems in the film coped with themselves in the world of steps. They were all as good as guys. I do not see this in too many films at the present time, at least not those that could be considered black films. <br /> <br /> Cons: I'm not quite sure why the directors or someone who made the film did it, but I doubt if they were on real step-by-step shows. Whenever steppers were about to perform, instead of striking the steppers' hands / legs, they would play a hip-hop song. There is no need for music on a real show, except perhaps for the entertainment of the crowd between groups. And then, when the songs of hip-hop sounded, sometimes the rhythm of the song became the rhythm of the hands and feet of the steppers. It was awkward. I was more impressed with the stepping in this film than “Stomp the Yard” (another great stepping film), because women had to perform as fiercely as the guys (in “Stomp the Yard” Meagan Good got only a few seconds some kind of ghostly whirlwind and flipping of the hair, and (Delta?) released singing and a few steps, and they were immediately trimmed). Even when there were very small scenes, the ladies tore them, especially in the auto shop, and without any music drowned out their physical music. I know that soundtracks need to be sold, but people from the film could play music in other parts of the film. <br /> <br /> I’m not a fan of Keysia Cole, so every time I saw her, I kept thinking: “Is it written in the script that she constantly puts her hand on her hip when she speaks?” She looked uncomfortable on screen for me. I thought they should have used a host like Free or Rocsi. Deri Davis, as usual, was funny. In addition, I groaned when I learned that the film was supposed to be in the ghetto, as if stepping could not happen anywhere else. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a few people were portrayed as being overly ignorant because of their neighborhood and losers, which mainstream films usually make. <br /> <br /> I would give this movie five stars, but the music that plays it killed him for me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes out, and hopefully the bonus scenes will include real step-by-step shows without all the songs.
