In the film adaptation of Canadian director Kari Skogland from Margaret Lawrence’s The Stone Angel, Ellen Burstyn - Agar Shipley, a proud and strange woman approaching her nineties who wants to remain independent until the very end, stubbornly refusing to be placed in a nursing home well-intentioned son marvin. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and located in the fictional city of Manavaca, The Stone Angel is a simple and traditional interpretation of a book that was required to read in Canadian classes of English in high school for almost half a century. <br /> <br /> The name of the film comes from a stone statue installed on the grave of Hagar’s mother, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar’s inability to express emotions during her hectic life. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor to the role, but is too cute to fully understand the selfish, self-destructive character who managed to push his rich father, her well-meaning but alcoholic husband, and both her sons. When she approaches the end of her days, she reflects that “pride was my desert, and the demon that brought me there was fear. I was alone, never again and never was free, because I carried my chains inside of me, and they spread from me and held down everything I touched. "<br /> <br /> Facing the need to hold my The last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks back at her life and looks at her unsuccessful relationships, her memories are shown in the memories without a voice for the story The story begins with a dance that she attended in her youth. Accompanied by her aunt Dolly, she meets her future husband, married bram shi whether (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer, whose reputation in the city is ruined because of his relationship with the native American population. Young Hagar is played by Christina Horn, who plays a crucial role in the first role. Despite Hagar’s request, her relationship with Bram is rejected her cold and tough father, whose refusal to attend the wedding begins the marriage on the wrong foot, which is aggravated by the fact that he leaves all his money in the city of Manavaca, dooming the young couple to a poor life. <br /> <br /> In deciding to marry Bram, Hagar refuses social activities to prevent being rejected by the upper classes of the city. When she gives birth to two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), she will not be able to give them the love that they need. “Every joy I could experience in my man or in my child, or even in the clear morning light,” she muses, “everyone was forced to stop because of a break in obvious manifestations.” When have I ever told the truth of the heart? ? Like the biblical Hagar, who fled into the wilderness because she could not tolerate further insults to her pride, Hagar leaves Manawaka to live in Ontario, but eventually returns to Shipley farm. <br /> <br /> When the scene returns to Hagar currently runs into an abandoned ocean house, which she remembers from her childhood, to avoid being placed in a nursing home by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy) Here she meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who is interested in her and makes her look and be responsible for the mistakes she made in her life. Stone Angel pulls out all the emotional stops, but never fully develops his characters to such an extent that I feel some interest in the outcome of the story, although Ellen Page's energetic performance as a loyal but naive friend of John and touching final scenes bring new energy second half of the movie.
