I was surprised by how much I liked this most thoughtfully set drama, which I almost missed because of a rather inexpressive rating of 6.6 points; as I rarely give time of day to any film rated below 7/10. Having said that, I am so glad that I gave the Stone Angel a look at it so deservedly. And you should also do this if you are one of the rarest sensitive, spiritualized and thoughtful people left on this earth in vivid form. <br /> <br /> I must say that in many ways (though not all), namely Themes, performance, style, production, etc. Stone Angel reminded me a lot of the highly rated Notebook. . I am so surprised that other commentators did not catch many of the similarities that repeatedly amazed me throughout this film, so I can only assume that those who wrote the comments have not yet seen Notepad. They may not share any Alzheimer's topic, but I can say with confidence that if you really liked Notebook, you will surely find a lot to spend the most fruitful time with Stone Angel. But even if you didn’t see the Notebook and didn’t read the book on which this move is based (which, however, I don’t have), you definitely need to find something that will hold your attention firmly - while your favorite genres are Do not include fast-paced action films. This is a film for thinkers and those who like to remember the past tense, how life changes over the years, and what could happen in the life of a person looking through the years. <br /> <br /> This is a strangely underrated, but a great movie really deserves an estimate of about 8/10. I can only blame his current low score of 6.6 / 10 on 11% of the idiots who gave him 1/10. In the end, at the time of this writing, he scored less than 300 votes. However, if those 11% who gave him the lowest rating really expected car chases and explosions, why didn't they watch ... even a few seconds at the background of the film and commercials? Oh, dear ... Whatever the world is approaching, do not miss this most undervalued gem of the film - but only * if * you have a brain (i.e. Your ten do not include Transformers, Fight Club and Terminator)).
