Airport 77 begins as a new 747 luxury plane, loaded with valuable paintings, owned by wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart), who is also flying a bunch of VIPs in his property in preparation for opening to the public the museum also is daughter of Stevens Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. Luxury jetliners take off as planned, but in the middle of the plane the plane is surrounded by co-pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and two accomplice of Banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki) who knock the crews of the passengers and crew plan to steal the valuable assets and land on an isolated island on an isolated island, but as they descend, Chambers almost strikes an oil platform in the Ocean and loses control of the plane by sending it down into the sea where it sinks to the bottom from the bottom right, in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. With short supply air, water leakage and flying over 200 kilometers, of course, the problems rise for survivors while waiting for help with the time that drains quickly ... <br /> <br /> Also , known under the slightly different tile 1977 Airport, this second sequel of the thriller thriller of the disaster (1970) was directed by Jerry Jameson and once again its predecessors can not say that the '77 Airport is a kind of classic forgotten, fun, but not necessarily for the right reasons. Of the three films I've seen on the airport so far, I liked this very well, the best. Has my favorite plot of the three, with a nice air in hi-jacking air and then crashing (did not see the oil platform?) & Diving of 747 (maybe the makers were trying to cross the original airport with another popular the disaster film of The Poseidon Adventure (1972)) and sunken is the place where it remains to the end with an embarrassed dilemma to those trapped inside, suffocated when the air drips or drowns like floods 747 or if any of the doors are open and it is a decent idea that could have been done for a small blow to disaster, but an inappropriate character, an unwavering dialogue, lethargic sets and a real lack of danger or suspense or tension means there is a missed opportunity. While the slow enough plot keeps one amused for 108 strange minutes does not happen so long after the plane sinks and is not as urgent as I thought it should have been. Even when Marina is involved, things do not go so far, with a few shots of huge ships and helicopters flying, but here something is missing. George Kennedy, as an airline worker, Joe Patroni, returns but has only a few scenes and barely says that anything he prefers to look only worried about in the background. Cinematographic and theatrical version of the '77 Airport while US TV adds an extra hour of film, including a new credit opening sequence, several scenes with George Kennedy as Patrons, personalized flashbacks, scenes rescue and discovery or some other dead bodies, navigator. While I'd like to see extra pictures, I'm not sure I could stay in a three-hour cut off of the '77 Airport. As it was to be expected that the film was given serious horror choices and interior design motifs, I will say nothing but the effects of the toy design, nor are they big. Together with the other two sequels of the Airport, this boasts the place in Hall of the Razz, even if I think of a lot of worse movies than that, so I think it's a bit tough. The action scenarios are unfortunately boring, the pace is slow and there is not much excitement or tension, which is a shame because I think this movie could have been good enough if it had been done properly . the values ​​are fine if they are not spectacular. The actress is not great, Jack Lemmon, the winner twice, said it was a mistake to play at this time, an Oscar winner, James Stewart, also showed an old and fragile Oscar Lee Grant winner drunk while Sir Christopher Lee given little to do and there are plenty of other familiar faces to take care of too. Airport '77 is the most disaster-oriented of the three Airport films so far and I liked the ideas behind it, even if they were a bit silly, the production and gentle direction does not help a movie about a sinking plane should not be so boring or lethargic. Followed by Concorde ... '79 (1979).
