When I was little, my parents took me to the theater to see the Inside. It was one of many movies I watched with my parents, but that was the only one I came out of. Since then I have never seen Interiors until recently, and I could have spent the rest of my life without her. What is a pretentious, strange and painful 70-year-old wine and cheese. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst piece of shit in his career. In the unmistakable style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular and silent perspective on family life caused by psychological damage caused by divorce, alienation, career, love, non-love, halitosis, anything. The movie deliberately does not have any comic amusement, no music, and is wet in the shady pathos. This style of film can best be defined as an expressionist in nature, using an improvised dialogue method to illuminate a "more profound depth of meaning and truth." But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The movie is painfully slow and boring. But beyond that, I simply had no connection or sympathy for any of the characters. Instead, I felt only contempt for this parade of mixing, whining, nicotine dropping, martyrs into a perpetual search for identity. Against the background of cosmopolitan wealth and Brie Bright intelligence, the story collapses like a hoax in the room. Everyone talks about the plagues and the tongue between the cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "confronted," desperate to find a direction or understanding or something else and goes further and to the point where you just want to snap everyone. It's never about resolution, it's just an endless introspective buzz. It's nothing but a psychological drama taken to the extreme beyond the audience's ability to connect. Woody Allen chose to make characters so immersed in themselves that we feel left out. And that's why we found this painfully self-indulgent and spiritual emptying film. I see what he was, but his insistence on promoting his message through Prozac's prose and distorted film techniques removes him from the point of view of relevance. We highly recommend this if you feel a little too happy and you need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, suppose this movie never happened.
