If this is a 2008 product from one of India's largest production film industries (Yash Raj), then I'm afraid it's a long time to get to the right standards. go wrong with this length, with such an enormous castle of Anil, Akshay, Saif and Kareena, then shooting is still much harder to study with everyone associated with this movie. The film is missing in almost all departments, except cinema and Akshay Kumar. He has some good dialogues to do, but that alone can not make you enjoy a movie with huge expectations. The first scene of a car that descends into a mountain river has very cheap graphics, a cartoon movie. This itself was a clear indicator of the director's vision. Every actor who is otherwise good for a movie is simply wasted. Anil Kapoor's analysis of trying a good English language falls most of the time. And Saif will surely be thinking about why he signed this movie. In short, it is the biggest waste of resources after "JHOOM BARABAR JHOOM". I would say that even "Aaja Nachle" was a movie more enjoyable than it. One can not understand how and why this scenario was written and approved. The most undesirable was the retrospective of Akshay's love story. After the defective scenario, the weakest point of the movie is his music. Vishal Shekhar gave only a few songs for each song. The songs start very well and suddenly the songs drastically decrease. Only one song "Falak Tak Chal" is somewhat good of all in the batch. An opportunity scattered by Vishal Shekhar. Regarding the intelligence of the continuity of the producers, the sample is: Akshay and Saif are on the road in the hilly area of ​​a foreign locality (probably Ladakh). In the next scene, they are looking for Kareena in Haridwar and then back on the hills with Kareena in the car. I'm still thinking who wrote this. If you manage to stay the last one, then the climax is too long, with stupid and useless stunts. You can see all the heroes going through the storm of bullets, they are not injured as if they were GOD. Do we still see a 2008 movie with all these technical heights? So do not talk about this pathetic and descending movie, but a sincere request to the top actors from their fans. Dear Anil Kapoor and Akshay Kumar, if possible, please request a preview of the films after the first copy is out. As artists of this nature, you have certain responsibilities towards your fans and viewers. People still beat for you when you enter the screen in your first scenes. I think such a movie should not see the light of day because it hinders the reputation of all those associated with the movie, the actors and the production house.
