The summer season is here when cinema choices are limited to the hottest film of the week, given 99.9% of screening screens. OK, to exaggerate the percentage, but you let me go. Aside from Hollywood stuff, Bollywood has too much of their own blockbuster share, and in some of the trailers presented, I'm exaggerated to watch them too. Tashan was considered one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was quite surprised at the presence at lower and lower cinemas. When I saw Jodha Akbar, it was a full house, but it was not for Tashan. After I watched them, I knew why. It was fun, but it was fundamentally weak. Just like the literal English title, which means "style", Tashan is style, but a little substantial. Not that it does not have the usual power of the stars, but the scenes felt forced, and some were creeping in ridiculous stupidity, even for the Bollywood standards, I have to say. Which is quite surprising given that Tashan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I enjoyed enormously. <br /> <br /> While recruiting as a director with Tashan while you can not blame his direction, you would probably have scratched the head over the plot, which was the worst case. He tried to force too many things in the story, although he was given credit if he allows you to make a way to question the motivation of the characters, but that came a little too late and only to the end, which left you guess just a moment before latched in swollen action mimics many Thai action film with Hong Kong wirework and playful fire arms at Hollywood and gunplay with zero, kickback. And in an attempt to include everything, including the kitchen sink, you have an assortment of vehicles that appear and the one who took the cake, in a homage to Dhoom 2, was the jetski boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be liked as an unintended comedy, and this is attributed to the way the cast is accompanied by their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, chief executive of the call-center, offering English-language courses, just as a new fishfriend's fishing material platform. His playboy ways are junked aside when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly what he looks like, the gentle and sweet hottie blajin. She employs Jimmy's boss for her boss, Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably gets the most laughs while talking English, and she has to like ah-beng. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate gangster who was hired by Bhaiyyaji to hunt Jimmy and Pooja when he escapes the stolen money from Bahiyyaji's business. traveling in the same way, friends who have turned into enemies and enemies that you know will become friends while traveling on the road. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most unattractive of all, because he goes from scratch to the hero, performing moves that would be Rambo shame, in absolutely no time, which is quite a character. Kareena Kapoor amplifies the sex factor as she uses her charms to beat both men and the opportunity to do so in view of appealing bikini scenes as well as other suits that boast to grab her neck hemline above the knee. Each character has a created backstory and I thought Akshay Kumar's Bachchan Pandey was probably the best, the most appealing and fun of the batch, even though his character looked very similar to an incredible incredible Hulk with his gravitational leaps and energy pack fists. His wounds heal automatically, which makes Wolverine shameful. And the best part is the song of his theme, which is cursed alpha-mah and played badly every time he takes opponents. But sad to say, that's the only song that's memorable, something that encourages "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey." For most of the Bollywood movies I'm watching, I'll usually be able, despite obvious obvious gaps, to get out of the projections that sound a song or two. I could not do this after Tashan, because, unfortunately, the songs were not at all appealing. Usually, the song / dance routine works well in the scene without having to remove the characters from the scene or the current location. That I am glad when compared to their removal and plonking them in extreme places above a mountain, or above the peaks at the bottom of the beach. Tashan probably did not take too much seriously, but coming from Vijay Krishna Acharya's story, you probably wanted something less decent than ridiculous and that continuity would be even more careful. Quoted as a blockbuster, now I can begin to understand why the crowds have already avoided it. Despite the fact that Akshay Kumr stole the show, Tashan could have been better on the whole.
