Tashan - the title itself explains the nature of the film. This type of movies are actually made for the flop. What a shame Yash Raj Films produces such films, they only have C-grade films. Or even some C-rated movies have a better and more enjoyable tale than Tashan. Tashan promoted with confidence and confidence in Tashan and bombed the box office he deservedly deserves. In my opinion, this is the worst movie ever made by Yash Raj Films' honorable banner. Why did they manage a project so hard for the new Vijay Krishna Acharya, who has no real feeling of making an action move? He tried to imitate Sanjay Gadhvi's ways of making Dhoom, but eventually suffered. Scenes of action are rather than cartoons or cartoons made to exhaust the audience. The story also loses its meaning and its substances to win hearts in the hearts of the audience. In most scenes, Anil Kapoor reminds me of the southern Tamil star, Rajnikant, in the tongues of the body and in the expressions of the words. I'm not a fan of either Saif or Akshay, but Kareena's assignment should have finally reached Saif instead of Akshay. Just from the point of departure I expected this, but eventually disappointed my truth. Saif is the main behind the whole adventure, while Akshay joins in the middle. In any movie, the end should be judged with the whole story of the story, and its prize or reward should be given to the one who deserves credit. And Tashan loses this way, and unexpectedly failed to become a hit. Akshay has nothing new to show his comedic talent here, but he still remembers his previous films. He needs it seriously to form a new image for his fans to impress them again and again. Between Saif he did a great job in the Race, and now he returned to his hilarious nature again through this film. But it has developed fully into the field of action. And last but not least about Kareena. She looks really hot with a bikini dress from which some complain that she has become too feeble. But I myself do not believe that, but it became thin. Yes thin !!! is a good factor for a woman to attract the major people (or to say, man). Besides them, it's nice to see Saif Ibrahim's son appear at first and lastly as young Saif. I hope that now he will also lean towards his career as a career. Those who like this Tashan are mentally immature or still want to return to their childhood or say they want to be admitted to a nursing home. It depends on the debut director Vijay Krishna Acharya, who has improperly manipulated the project offered by Yash Raj Films. In the future, he should experience and study the minimum 5-year scenario before going into practical directions. Sorry, I do not like to rate good stars for this kind of junk movies.
