Masters of Horror: The Screwfly Solution begins as America is infected by an airborne virus that affects the male population when men wake up, destroying without discrimination any woman who appears apparently in the name of God. The scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) is brought by the government and knows more than the majority, and he feels that the situation has gone too long, so tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to take her teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O ' Brien) try to survive because the future of the human race may depend on them ... This American Canadian co-production was the 7th season of Season 2 of the Masters of Horror TV series directed by Joe Dante I The Screwfly Solution was pretty bad. I personally think Sam Hamm's script is shit, it takes too much seriously and I do not really understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror series, the horror the movie makers do in The Screwfly Solution is in the real story itself and the themes and ideas that it brings rather than the visual horror on screen, especially the slim environmental message that we intend to squeeze into the neck whenever it gets the chance during the 60-minute short time I felt as a problem only ends from what could easily be interpreted as a necessity, rather than a significant attempt to conclude things. Neither was I happy with the inconsistencies with the story if the men kill only when they sexually excited why the flight attendant accidentally shoots the woman's neck on the plane? She was sexually aroused, I do not think so. Why do every man then think he is killing in the name of God? I can not see a single man on Earth who suddenly knows the Bible and begins to believe in God, I have just found the notion of ridicule, and the show also clearly states that there is nothing religious about what is happening and which is it the business with everyone that you have a divine to kill any woman I see? Then, is there people going to different things, like, for example, homosexuals? Will they kill boys instead of women? I know there's a short scene that makes a joke about the gay affair, but it's usually scuffed on one side, and then it's the one that made me most nervous. The fact that probably every man on the earth has turned a psycho and killed all the women he treats their everyday business as if nothing ever happened, he felt so bad, the plot is garbage and round things up there is an end that looks like it was taken from an episode rejected by The X-Files (1993 - 2002) with a brilliant neon alien. Director Dante on this show certainly does not qualify as Master of Horror as such, the story is very bad, it is so bad, considering that it is playing deadly right and instead of trying to make a horror show itself , returns to a more thriller with the deadly virus in the small situation and the mother and daughter then run for that, there is very little here in the way of what I would call effective horror and even less gore. There is a scene where a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a short scene after a guy stabbed her own glasses and another woman is stabbed in her stomach, but there is nothing else to write about. > Technically like the other episodes is very good and does not look like a cheap TV series, the special effects are great as usual and are well done. The action is fine, but no one really came out. The Screwfly solution is easily the worst episode of Masters of Horror I've seen, but do not forget I have not seen all of them ... yet. As a play of autonomous entertainment, she did nothing to me, and as a show made by a so-called Master of Horror, it disappoints me even more.
