Looking at Kareena Kapoor in a two-piece bikini is the only thing that awakens you from sleep as you look at Tashan? the mega-disappointing movie, the lying mind at cinemas this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies and we see some every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. Terrible because it takes the audience by itself terrible also because filmmakers are expecting to escape without any plot or common sense just because they have taken big stars onboard.Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what you describe as a road movie, but one that goes in all wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, executive director of the call-center, who is engaged to teach English at Bhaiyyaji - that's Anil Kapoor playing an ambitious UP gangster, desperate to cool. Jimmy's eyes are Pooja, the young gangster assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to cheat his 25 crocide rupees. Resolved to recover his money and punish both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits the most trustworthy person to do. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the assistant to the faithful gangster in Kanpur, who follows the culprits and recovers stolen money that is hidden throughout the length and breadth of the country. Like those 80-year-old misfortunes, Tashan is held together by a background script centered on a vendetta plot. But the treatment is so overburdened that it is indulgent that it fails to establish any connection. Instead of a coherent screenplay or a traditional three actress structure, you'll get a handful of tracks around which most scenes are poorly built. This song in the desert, the action scene of a bullet from a fort in Rajasthani, the moment of Kareeena's bikini, even that ridiculous climatic scene filled with shaolin monks, a water scooter diving through a dirty navy, and believe it or not a Dhanno-style tongue. In all fairness, not all of these tracks are made wrong - the song of the desert song is really elegant - but very few of them make sense in the overall picture because you just go from one piece to another without any help from the script indeed. Do not expect in a seemingly fast road movie to find a sentimental flashback song about childhood children. You see that the problem with Tashan is that no one is associated with this movie knew what the movie they made. Moreover, I do not think they cared either - the film falls in love with arrogance. The arbitrary packaging in the elements of each genus, without actually bothering to stop and see if the mixture works, Tashan is like an overstretched stew. There are movies that kill you slowly and then there is Tashan, a movie that kills you excessively. Smoothly packed with a glossy film with exotic locations and luxurious costumes, each frame of the movie probably costs the lakhs to put together, but it still feels like an empty piece because the story is not kept. The Tarantino Narrative Loan and Stephen Chow's style does not help because it does not mix with the film's thin plot. Some would have complained a little less if the characters were more interesting, but Anil Kapoor's Hinglish dialogue makes you want to cut your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan smokes through the film without finding his feet. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, queen of top delivery, has a decent job. But of course, if Tashan is saved to some extent, it is due to the irresistible presence of Akshay Kumar and his spontaneous approach to the character. You grumble when he kicks your legs repeatedly and you are excited when he offers those two-way dialogues, but not for a moment you can take your eyes off the screen when he's there. Despite some good music from Vishal-Shekhar, the songs seem to only prolong the misery. Well, that's because Tashan is a test of your patience. If you do not know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say, this movie has nothing.
