Superman II - Richard Donner Cut should be a dream of the fan becomes reality. Finally, images recorded only in photos and scenes that existed only on the printed page will eventually come to life. A director who could not finish his vision would have the opportunity to restore his vision. It seems to be a winning situation. Then start watching this ensemble of movies and you realize that this "esoteric dream" is a very real nightmare of weakness and incompetence. Although it is very possible that no film can compete with the final final version that each of us has imagined over the years, it should have been really a thrill to finally see this project. And it's just a few times. You know things are unsafe when the first text bit on the screen looks like a home computer graphics. But then we start to see new stuff (supernatants from Superman - The Movie for trial) and the first hesitant fades. Hey, that's pretty clean! Things are good for these few passing moments until we see STM images interspersed with new effects for this project and do not convince at all. And from this point, it will never be left. It's probably not right to judge a movie due to inappropriate visual effects, but when it's supposed to be direct watching a movie whose label line was "You'll think a man can fly," it's hard to we believe everything that appears on the screen here. The best effects come from original productions. Another problem with this re-cutting. Many of them do not make sense. The only reason it really works is that we have all seen the theatrical version of Superman II, a sensible movie. Lester Superman II fills the holes of this ensemble. Some of this may be due to the fact that Donner failed to make a complete picture, the other part could be because the producers of this project intended to use as little Lester as possible. What we've done is a set of images that make Superman IV look seamless and consistent. After seeing this, it goes without saying that while Lester was faithful and comfortable using Donner's material, Michael Thau and the team was extremely disrespectful of Lester's film. The best scenes from The Donner Cut are those relatively incoherent to Superman II's released version. This includes the moon sequence and the sequence of meals, not ironic, both of them being filmed by Donner. But anything else in Lester's film is re-edited in such a hasty fashion that now it makes Lester look like a fictitious ham knows nothing. While Lester honored Donner's material, Lester is thrown under the bus. So is there something good in this version? Well, Marlon Brando is in it, and that's fine to see. In fact, watching any material Donner shot is clean, because he was shot at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But this only highlights the problems of this version. Any of the major scenes (indeed, only Lois jumping and scenes with Marlon Brando) would have been better served as scenes completed in a section of deleted scenes. Instead, they are shoes with a nonsense narrative, with lower performances (many alternatives from familiar scenes are used), unwanted edits and inappropriate decisions. Watch the opening scene from the Daily Planet. Why are we looking at Jackie Cooper's back when calling Lois and Clark? Finally why do we have Lois walking in her dark apartment just to have this followed by Jackie Cooper going into a dark turn of lights? I was initially confused about this because I expected to see Lois. The whole ensemble is full of questionable choices, such as this one. <br /> <br /> Battle scenes are also a mess, with no geography between cuts. It's just a random action. Of course, the major action scenes were shot by Lester, and his material is only used as a bridge to the next set of Donner exits or substitutes. He should have used Lester's material more, but he probably would have had too much pride in recognizing it. The strike also extends to military missiles. As mentioned elsewhere, the rocket featured in The Donner Cut bears the name "XK 10", while we all know it's "XK 101"! A blind man in STM knows this! The producers of this meeting, who tried so hard to honor the original film, dropped the ball in less than five minutes and this mistake indicates the quality of the entire production. For all the supposed care that has been put into this, the final product has a wandering air for him, which is inevitable. The whole business would probably be easier to digest if Warner's did not do this separate release here in the states. As it is, we have to pay for what is basically a scratchcard bonus disk with a "Play All" option. It really deserves a view to finally see the legendary scenes, but after this initial view, I expect it to be a great magnet for dust and something else. I know after my experience of watching this, I have had a new respect for Lester's version. It's not perfect, but Lester realized the deficiencies that were in the scenario here. He has managed to make a movie that has been fun for many years and will continue to do so, while this new re-cut will most likely only be remembered as a footnote in the history of the films.
