OK, so I heard about this new film by Justin Timberlake, with some pretty big names. I mean great actors like Freeman, known as Morgan Freeman, a good thing for Hollywood, yet completely wasted in this movie. Then I took Kevin Spacey, which I've been a great fan since I looked at American Beauty and The Obvious Suspect. Both big actors probably signed the movie, thinking it would be a great movie, as we did when we heard the story. Then enter a fresh face with Justin Timberlake. I say freshly confronted because this is his first film and these rotten tomatoes have not hit him yet. Well, the reason for this, I could add, is that no one ever will see this movie or even bother reading this review. The movie is so terrible that when I arrived in the first 15 minutes of it. The characters were so dimensional that it made some biblical characters look like Don Corleone. They have the same clothes and noise. The lousy black guy (LL COOL J), who is with a gorgeous woman who otherwise would not actually be part of real life. The captain is this short guy who speaks so tall. And what movie could be complete without the hero becoming richer because of an experience. Oh and a lot of gunfire, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NOT!) A kind of gun fire that leaves everyone in the police force, who is crooked dead and hero predominates. They have flame throwers and rocket launchers, really do not joke. Bottom line if you want to see Edison because you're a big fan of one of the actors or a big fan of Justin Timberlake. all the 13 year old girls out there, enjoy! I would like to have more hands, because then I would have more fingers, because this movie is so terrible, because then I could give it so many fingers down that the fingers down will no longer mean nothing, because this movie is so terrible because it's bad that they made me laugh out of frustration about the story line, because it just would not end, because the burning and the cry continued to happen . MAY G * D MERCY to all of us and save us from these terrible movies. Well, it might be the worst, another terrible RNB actor transformed a terrifically transformed singer is to introduce, hehe check in the lol MIX, or even enrich or die trying. "Now the special thing about the movie is that they have men aged 30, playing 16 or even younger teens. I could go on with them.
