I thought it was time to let him in here. Pokemon fans suffer in America these days. Why? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to provide our beloved series and films. As for the series, they do a good job to bring the fun and magic of the Japanese versions to television. So what's their problem when it comes to movies? Frankly, I've seen all three Pokémon movies in Japanese and I'm sure to see the fourth one. They're great movies. Everything is fun and fun to watch. And, after seeing Pokémon 2000 in theaters, I can not help wondering if these American producers read the Japanese scriptures. As it seems, they seem to read and see something that says "Enter here empty moral" in bold letters. They seem to have used the same wonderful methods of duplication that they used on MSB (extreme sarcasm) and created this shit. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers here from here <br /> <br /> Well, I think I should first talk about Pikachu's rescue adventure. My first gripe with this has not come up with any story. I think they had enough wrong comments about the Pokédex story that affected Pikachu's vacation and instead of going in a gentle, gentle voice as it appeared in Pikachu no Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they just cut the story together. That would not have been a problem except one thing. Did anyone really understand why Exeggcute did not let the Togepi go to the end? Probably the fans, but I'm sure not the parents. Then, it's the theme song. I could only think of that. The Japanese theme song was "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This: nausea. Now, one of my favorite short plays was Kireihana. Pleasant music, fun to watch. That changed with Bellossom. The music blew for one, but above all they had all the Pokemon talks during the music, which turned out to be offensive, annoying and just useless. Oh, and then it's Poliwhirl who thinks he's a cop. You would think boys who are constantly working with these characters would find out what they are at least. Basically, not much could save this dubious doubt, which is very unfortunate given its potential. But I have not touched the worst of all this. Do you think the warning signs would have been obvious to me when I got the Nintendo Power problem. For an unprecedented reason, I put a faith in 4Kids and BM. My thoughts were "okay, they hurt the first movie, but the second is different as the theme goes, so it should do good." In this sense, I did not pay attention to the warning signals I had encountered in theaters when the trailers said: "You will think that a person can make a difference." With the way they said that at every move, we hoped that this would not turn into a moral event as MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, in which I see all my fears in the words "the main feature" Power of One. "At that moment, I became a little more anxious:" The Power of One? "It is not a good sign. a part of my false belief ... Big mistake ... In a theater meeting, I literally got stomach cramps watching another movie I loved in Japanese, becoming a complete and complete junk. well because the morale was subtle.I can see a point in this regard because they did not do this, repeating it repeatedly like in MSB.However, it did more damage than anything else in this movie.In the first the legend that was read was changed a little to read "the world turns to Ash." So, Ash is the chosen one, regardless of whether in the Japanese version, Arshia inhabitants needed a Pokémon instructor, and perform the traditional ceremony. This time, he is the chosen one. A bigger way of doing this for Lugia. Lugia was one of the hottest characters in a Pokemon movie ... when the movie was ABOUT Lugia. In this case, Lugia is forced to take its place back in Ash. In the scene where they fly to the main island, Lugia and Ash discuss the conditions of Lugia's existence, not that Ash will do everything. Generally, in this category, Ash was not really "a single person" who would make the difference because he was helped by many along the way. A lot of other things is a kind of nit picking. Furura's flute song was not as sweet and as pleasant as the Japanese. Jirarudan's speech to them saying that his collection "started with a Mew card?" Ugh. Even worse, Misty's aggression was originally about how Moltres and Zapdos were. - Why did not you put them in the Pokéballs when you caught them? It's like putting them in cages to be displayed. Very different from the one who complains about the thought of the Pokémon are things to be collected like stamps. If there were any real values ​​in this respect, they came from Team Rocket. Some pretty funny lines. Do not even make me laugh out loud, but more to make me giggle and ease the pains in my stomach. That was officially the last American Pokémon movie that I will see. I imported the third one and found it very enjoyable. I prefer not to see another Japanese movie destroyed in the same way as the first two. I will import the fourth one. Forget you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You left me for the last time.
