The obscene obsession of Hollywood with the sequel led to more errors than the blows. For every "Goddess II", there are dozens of "Greater American Graffiti", "Staiin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's". While the original "Grease" is not a great movie, the 1977 adaptation of the long-lasting Broadway hit has evocative songs from the 1960s, an energetic choreography and an appealing cast. When Paramount began to work on a track, the producers appeared almost naked on all aspects that made the original a blockbuster. Luckily for the filmmakers, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and obviously learned to read the scriptures before signing the contracts. Her talent and beauty have already been evident here, and Pfeiffer seems to express the embarrassment of the humiliating dance routines and melodious melodies she is forced to fulfill. Maxwell Caulfield, however, does not even have the talent to express his embarrassment, and his emotions run from the low to the catatonic range. What romantic interest, beyond the hormones, could have Pfeiffer, refreshing, to death? That dull mystery will be a long time after the end of the Absurd Absorption fades into a bad memory. Only veteran vets such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens, and Sid Caesar have any spirit, though Lorna Luft rises slightly above the blade material. The reviewers complained that because "Grease 2" is always compared to the original version, the film appears to be lacking. However, even in its own terms, the film is a clunker. After a frantic opening number, which obviously has exhausted all of the distribution, the energy dissipates. With a few exceptions, the original songs are not very similar to the early 1960s and the only nostalgia evoked is "Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Time". Banknotes collapse, and choreography in a film directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is awkward to be polite. However, worse movies have been inflicted on the public, and incessant sequels will be made as long as producers try to clean a dollar quickly from rebuilding blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not even unintentionally funny. Instead, the film takes the spectator's attention as a wounded wreck of the train. Only when all the bodies seem to have been recovered, the next scene crashes into a worse massacre.
