Well, at least my theater group did, lol. So, of course, I remember seeing Grease since I was a little girl, while my music or my favorite story never was, still keeps a special place in my heart, because it's still fun to look at. I heard terrible things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided not to see him, but my boyfriend said he really was not that bad and my boyfriend agreed, so I decided to do it, I shot them, but I called them and just laughed. First of all, the plot is totally stolen from the first and it was not very smart, not to mention that they just used the same characters, but with different names and actors. Tell me, how did the ladies and the birds keep going for years after the former gangs came out? Not to mention the enemy of the creator's engine cycle, why, a striking resemblance to the first movie guys, as well as these T birds, were just stupid and ridiculous. Another year at Rydell and the music and dance did not stop. But when a new student who is Sandy's cousin enters the scene, he is the love hit by a pink lady, Stephanie. But you have to stick to the code where only Pink Ladies have to stay with T-Birds, so the new student decides to train like T-Bird to win his heart. So he dresses like a motorcycle revenger bandit, who can walk well and beat the bad motorcyclists to hit the T-Bird butts. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is or will he find out for himself? Well, find out for yourself. Grease 2 is like a bad TV show of a kind that did not work. The band did not click, as did the first lubricant, not to mention that the French return was a bit foolish and unbelievable, because I thought she graduated from Rydell, but it does not seem to have done -a. The songs were not really appealing; I'm glad Michelle was able to come back so soon, but he was probably the only person with talent in this bad run, I would not recommend this movie, unless you're curious, but I warned you, that's just a pathetic attempt to more money from the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
