When I was 11, Grease 2 was like a crack. It was a classless, shameful, euphoric and captivating experience. My sister and I follow her, we spin it and we follow it again and again and again until we have passed or we have become too confused and hostile to stay one another. So if you're an 11 year old girl and you've reviewed this movie as "brilliant" or "fun" or "better than the original Grease," you have the blame you've had with adolescents and you can rest assured that fixing with total garbage will pass. If you are not yet a little girl, you have absolutely no excuse to suggest that Grease 2 was nothing but an unfortunate embarrassment without art in production, distribution and / or consumption. For critical reasons, will I get the film right now, explaining why she's blowing? <br /> <br /> 1. In a well-crafted musical, the songs should advance the narrative or develop the characters. In Grease 2, with some questionable exceptions, music is useless. Most songs seem to describe excessively and generally ("Score Tonight," "Do It for our Country" and "Prowlin") without making a concrete statement about any of the films or themes. In addition, all the music is awkwardly bad and no one in the cast shows even the crudest appearance of the ability to sing or dance. T birds should be bad and, if not at least somewhat cute, but each of them is an annoying loser wussy-dufus. Finally, when Johnny Nogerelli gives Mihail the jacket T-bird jacket and sets him up in the band, Michael should hit him, spit on him and wander away to clean any part of his body which was touched by him. But, of course, it accepts it as if it were gold, because, despite the fact that there is a lot of goat meat, there is no greater honor than to be one with the T birds. <br /> <br /> 3. Since Michael is beautiful, intelligent, good, resourceful, and surviving in any case (yet his musical impotence), Stephanie may eventually embrace him when he finds out he is the man behind the mask. Stephanie, on the other hand, is a screaming, gouache, a dirty blouse, a sweet and rushed sweet. Aside from being pretty (I think), it does not have love-like features, so audiences have no justification for the depth of Michael's appeal to her. I could go on, but I did not want to mention inferior inferiority to his predecessor, because there are apparently so many cages that seem to feel that such a comparison is unfair. I will say, however, to those of you who think you want to visit this old misery: Grease 2 is a resemblance to resurrecting your first kiss. Only you are 32 now and kissing a 13 year old boy with acne and arms. Magic has disappeared and you feel dirty and disturbed. Trust me.
