Zombie Nation 2004 R <br /> <br /> Hey, I'm bored. I looked in my little box to find a movie to watch. Zombie Nation? Hey, I like zombie movies. Says the director has some kind of cult following in the description. Funny how not to warn me not to watch this movie. I could have used this advice. The Zombie nation is the same as Troll 2 in the sense that it is completely wrong. It has little (if anything, depending on your point of view) to deal with zombies and takes place in one city. This film revolves around a crooked policeman who acts as badly as possible (he has to try to suck so much) while arresting women for banal debts and then killing them. Yeah, he's a serial cop. Not only is this movie erroneous in thinking it is a zombie blow, but it also becomes completely wrong its serial acts. Serious criminals enjoy killing, live for him and get stuck and personal. This guy beat the women and injects them with a poison. He does not even have sex with his body or break it down. Talk about boring! Finally, one of the five women she kills has protection against Voodoo, and for no obvious reason, all five come back to life and go to kill this guy. They were all buried or thrown into the ocean, but you did not know how to buy the clean, clean clothes they all wear. Women behave very badly and take revenge. Oh yay. This movie was shit in every category. Carp acts, I write carp, crappier sets, and crappier make-up effects. Women do not look like zombies, unless you count dark makeup around your eyes to be the de facto definition of what a zombie does. Everyone can talk, act, think, and behave perfectly human. Gore is poor compared to many PG-13 movies, and nudity is shorter. You will see pieces of breasts in the opening sequence ... Then the breasts exactly the same later! Realize. I think only an actress was willing to go topless for this tribe. The police station is so heavy that you can see where they stopped from painting the walls of the warehouse where they are obviously registered. You can see the pipes, bad illumination and configuration too rare and even if you are not blind, you can see that the director fails. Be clear, it's a waste of time. <br /> <br /> 1/10
