German film Ulli Lommel has managed a task many horror fans thought was impossible: he was dismissed by his colleague Teuton Uwe Boll for the director's crown the worst horror movie ever produced. Lommel is really Ed Wood's new millennium. This film is as hideous and ridiculous as the worst of EW. I am both proud and embarrassed to say that I looked at this, fascinated morbid to see only that the bar could be put. The answer is: underground; Lommel dug a hole and buried it. The fun begins with the distribution of international nobodies. Only someone who lived in Los Angeles where every car mechanic, doctor, and postman is an actor or screenwriter waiting to be discovered can easily understand how Lommel has managed to find so many actors ready to wash his ridiculous dialogue with a straight face. <br /> <br /> The main character, a drunk drunk cop, is played by a German actor with a thick German accent. In addition to being a serial killer, he is also the oldest drunk police in LA. Despite the fact that it stops innocent drivers and takes them in custody, then pulls them in the house (which inexplicably is the last floor of a furniture store) and does all this regularly with its partners, the LAPD refuses to investigate, going so far as to physically attack one of his accusers in a ninja-style raid in his apartment. The sets are badly aggressive. The production designer's budget apparently included just enough money for a paint box; enough to paint "Precinct 707" on a cardboard wall. As the actors were obviously unprofitable, a non-professional, a sad assortment of European emigrants (possibly deported if they were acting in their home countries), bimbos, outsiders and desperate middle-aged women - and since little money was spent on sets, on special efux, locations or other production value, it is fair to mention that they made a spring for some authentic police uniforms. Unfortunately, they could not afford a police car; uniform policemen roam the streets in a new rental of Mercury. More than half of the story focuses on the dirty facts of the disturbed German LAPD officer and the unnecessary efforts of the two young beginners to stop him. One of these young actors is particularly pitiful because he is the only actor in all this misery with a vague blow to a true movie career. The other fits right inside, with a rockabilly and tortured Brando hairstyle showing that he has to be seen being appreciated. The last part of the movie is the place where the title becomes a zombie, as the victims of our killer is resurrected after killing a girl who has just visited some voodoo priestesses to have a protective witch that she puts. Do not ask why a Romanian girl will resort to voodooism waiting for killing, accept Lommel's logic and enjoy the absurd walk. After a long, long time, from the graves covered with straw, the zombie girls manage to make their appearance. They looked exactly as they did before dying, maybe even more beautiful, with a generous black glamor of aerodynamic makeup around their eyes. Looking just like the zombies, they look more like high fashion models ready for the track. At this moment in the film Lommel borrows a creative note from his sick sickboat man, Boll, and injects large doses of brown techno euro-gargoyle into the soundtrack. We are talking about the pre-historic noise of electronic bumps. Things could have been played in an Ibiza disco when Lommel was still young enough to shake his prey. Unlike other zombies, Lommel's girls speak and function as normal ... er as they did before they became zombie. This gives our writer ample opportunities to give us more of his golden dialogue. Yes, a golden shower is. I will not hurt anything revealing the end of the shock. All I can say is that it is perfect in agreement with the rest of this masterpiece. Ed Wood's spirit lives ... or I should say geist.
