I imagine that when the Hitchcock scientists and experts are together, they are not talking about the master's great films, such as "North By Northwest" or "Strangers On A Train," but a lesser known effort than the 1931 , obscure and gravely erroneous, which presents the great director in a new-born form. Emily and Fred Hill (Joan Barry and Harry Kendall) are a middle-class couple in London, writing to stay on top. He confesses to the crowd; she accepts it. The change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle, saying he will set them up in order to enjoy a luxurious life in the world. They make plans for a world cruise. But their problems have just begun. Ask Richard Hannay, Roger O. Thornhill, or Marion Crane. Well, Marion is currently miserable, but you have the idea. The journey and Hitchcock go together like moths and candle light, putting them at best on a dangerous journey. This is probably Hitchcock's earliest incursion on this issue, and not the most successful or memorable. Hitchcock tries to mix the comedy with another element, in this case internal drama, rather than suspense, but the two do not coexist, at least not here. Hills are a boring and smooth couple without chemistry or personality. When they find themselves in the Folies Bergère, transversally with pictures that look ten years older than the rest of the film, they are crushed in female costumes. - The curtain has gone too fast! Emily gasped. "They are not clothed." When Hills move away from each other on an ocean cruise, it seems that mercy kills more than a tragic thing, even if the people they are working on are drops too. Emily's man, Gordon (Percy Marmont), surrounds his photographs sitting beside the bare seats, which he suggests to be filled with Emily. Fred's "Princess" (Betty Amann) has Clara Bow's eyes and Wallace Beery's shadow of five. There is also a rude passenger, a dowdy spinster that Hitchcock always introduces to him with a cartoon horn. Subtlety was about to come. Everything is shot in a sudden manner, with confusing lock and tense dialogue. Hitchcock tries an early comedy with Fred and his umbrella that does not come off and Kendall seems to be laughing while Berry is playing for tears. When Fred and Emily broke up, they were seen as injured on a pair of rickshaws, one of the many attempts at symbolism. Emily is the only vague character of sympathy, partly because she cares about her husband and agonizes her business with Gordon, but especially because she is one of Hitchcock's first magnetic blonde, her platinum necklaces knocking around her face a Botticelli aboard a Chinese pack, close to the film's conclusion. > <br /> Problems end with a dangerous situation as a fixed piece for the protagonists to handle and probably repair their relationship. They are not only active participants in the resolution and, except for the fate of a friendly cat, nothing about the ultimate resonance is. At least you get some nice London views in the early 1930s and a chance to see Hitchcock when he was still working for food. "Rich and weird," Hitchcock pays his contributions and teaches his trade, one for researchers, but not occasional filming.
