... this would have been what you received. The words alone can not describe how bad this is. If you have difficulty sleeping in this situation and I guarantee that you will be in fifteen minutes. Robert Lowery was a pretty good actor in the 1940s, but he calls her here. In an interview, Johnny "Duncan" Robin said that in one scene he and Batman had to flee from the car to the house and that Lowery was doubled out of the room because his girdle was too tight! Duncan himself looks more like a motorcycle hood than a marvelous boy - in fact, he's more like a guy in the thirties waiting for Lowery to begin to wear his big head. it seems to have been released from the used car machine Honest Al at a lower price for the sticker - Dynamic Duo makes little effort to conceal that it is Bruce Wayne's car that I drive - in fact, the series is from wood - sets are cheap - the dialogue is terrible and if there was even a scenario they watched I'm sure she read along the lines "Batman says something here" because it certainly seems to be do, while going along. The Batman Utility strap is made of thin fabric, with no apparent bags to keep its gadgets in a single scene, when Batman needs a maximum size blow torch that manufacturers only introduce when the scene starts - no never seen again. His hood is so bad that he can not even see it, and his ears look more like the mop flopped by the Easter bunny than he does something like a beating. In a scene (do not do that), Batman replaces the counterfeit radioactive money that will burst into the flames, and the second is exposed to the air as a reward for some hoods. He is radioactive, so he can track him - the reason why he is very flammable is not explained. Well, unfortunately the criminals open the package in a cardboard deposit - we know it is a cardboard deposit because Batman sneaks and pushes these boxes that seem to weigh about six ounces on the hoods to remove them - and soon the whole place burn to the ground. Thanks to Batman! In another scene after the Batmobile is deactivated, Batman throws down a mid-night motorist and takes his car - letting the man handle himself and telling him not to worry because if Batman break the car, the police will definitely buy another! Yeah, you guessed it, the car said he was taking care of a rock in a few seconds. Not that it's important for the motorist who probably died from exposure trying to make his way back to Gotham City. There's a tired subplot with Lois Lane clone Vicki Vale who is convinced that Bruce Wayne is Batman - Probably he saw the Batmobile parked outside Bruce's house - or maybe he saw Batman and Robin walking in the very dense suburban neighborhood populated. Everything about this series is bad - and everyone, but the youngest in the audience will want to toast the screen. If you're looking for bad cinemas, you could not get a better note - if you want entertainment, try the Burton Batman movies, the Adam Batman TV series or the previous Lewis Wilson Batman series.
