BATMAN AND ROBIN, winning the budget and time constraints of series production, still win a place near the bottom of any cliffhanger list, completely depriving the style, imagination and atmosphere of his predecessor in 1943, BATMAN. The producer, Sam Katzman, was known as "King Quickies," and, like his director Spencer Bennett, seemed more concerned with speed and efficiency than with the generation of enthusiasm. (Unfortunately, this team also produced the two Superman series, with Kirk Alyn, with their tumultuous animation, music and preservation music.) Opening each chapter gives a taste of future things: Save Batman, "Batman vs. Wizard "), mechanical music that sparks and the two heroes who stumble to the room that looks around, be confused or have difficulty seeing through their cheap Halloween masks. Batman's cock, with the horns of the devil and the eagle's beak, fits so badly that stunts have to adjust it during the battle scene. "The Utility Belt" is a strapless strapless band, from which he still manages to pull a blowtorch and oxygen tube at critical moments! In any case, the main players are miscast. Robert Lowery presents a small charm or individual talent like Bruce Wayne and does not cut off a particularly dynamic figure like Batman. He creates the impression that he would rather be somewhere else, anywhere! John Duncan, like Robin, has considerable difficulty in managing his limited dialogue. He's too old for a party, with a bigger and bigger monk for him. Outside the costume, Lowery and Duncan are just as exciting as the tired businessmen for a drink, with no obvious ounce of chemistry between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 series. Although the series were not known for character development, BATMAN the previous one managed to show a more energetic distribution. It offers a group that goes through moves, not that movie makers provide much support. None of the sticks stands out and is led by one of the most boring villains ever, The Wizard. (Great names!) In fact, they are led by someone who has a curtain, a shawl, and a bag over his head, with a dubious voice that desperately tries to sound threatening. "The main suspects" - an eccentric professor, a broadcaster - are simply annoying. Even the "ordinary" comic book is superfluous. It's hard to distinguish a lot of romance between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne. Despite the dangers it faces, Vicki has no emotion. Commissioner Gordon is not too bright. Unlike the previous series, Alfred, the butler, is just a walk, whose most important line is "Mr. Wayne's Residence". They are props for a plot full of tricks, incomparable, still loaded with uninspired, repetitive and amateur music. Wayne Manor's exterior resembles a suburban middle-class house in any sitcom, inside a cheap motel on the side of the road. Batcave is an office that desperately needs restoration. (The costumes are kept wrapped in a storage closet!) It's a shame that movie makers could not invest more effort in creating a thrilling adventure. While the availability of the two DVD series is a plus for any "Batfan", you do not have to be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box. They capture the authenticity of the comic book more than all the 15 chapters of BATMAN and ROBIN combined. Now for the good news - this is not the 1997 version!
