The flight of rage begins when General Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial flight test of the X-77, a new stealth combat aircraft with the ability to become literally invisible. General Barnes gives his seat to the highest pilot, Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint), until the X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted, while Ratcher flies to northern Afghanistan and sends him to a known terrorist group under the name of Black Sunday led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who intends to use the X-77 model to fly into the US air space, undetected and threw bombs that will kill a lot of people. General Barnes is worried about the loss of the plane and sends in one man an army John Sands (co-writer and executive producer Steven Seagal) to recover it and kill all the sick in the process ... <br / > <br /> This American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch and was the third film in which he directed Seagal after Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007) as terrible. work and an unhappy audience were happy that any further collaboration was spared between the two. Apparently, Flight of Fury is an almost-scene remake with the scene for Black Thunder (1988) with Michael Dudikoff, with many characters with the same name, the exact same name, so the exact same dialogue could be used without the factors decision had to change things like names, although I must admit that I have never seen Black Thunder and that is why I can not compare the two. Flight of Fury is a terrible movie, the weak loss of time writing that Seagal specializes in these days. It is boring even if it is not so slow, the character is weak, it is full of cliches, things happen at random, the plot is weak, the reasoning behind the events does not exist and it is a very lazy production in general, because it never convinces the spectator that these are anywhere in Afghanistan or that appropriate military procedures are followed. The action scenes are blades and there is no real emotion in it, the villains are boring as the heroes and it's right there with the worst Seagal has done. The fury flight seems to be mostly formed of stock material that does not fit even well, the background can change, people's clothes change, the area changes, the sky and the quality of the movie changes very suddenly, because everything is obvious, we see clips from other (better) juxtaposed movies. Hell, Seagal never goes anywhere near a plane in that. The action scenes are so hard to edit that it's hard to tell who it is and which, of course, Seagal breaks people's arms. All production feels very cheap and undesirable. IMDb believes that this has had a budget of about $ 12,000,000, which I think is a total garbage, I mean if yes, where did all the money? Although it is seated in Afghanistan, which is a war deserted by war, Flight of Fury seems to have been filmed in my local forest, it was actually shot in Romania and the Romanian country does not make a convincing Afghanistan. The action is terrible as we would expect, and Seagal looks shaken again. Flight Fury is a terrific action movie that is boring, amateur and is a close-up remake for the scene of another movie anyway. Another Seagal action thriller, truly lazy and stupid, why bother me?
