Following the Force Attack, the chances were that Seagal could take a step forward with Flight Of Fury. To get out of force, Attack Force would do something. Flight Of Fury is a major improvement, but still in the big scheme of thinking, mediocre. Mediocrity is apparently an accomplishment for Seagal these days, a sad perspective in the decline of his film career. If Attacked Force was a mixture of plot lines drastically altered from conception, to filming, to post production, Flight Of Fury keeps the plot simpler plot. Someone steals a high-tech stealth fighter, intending to use it to fire chemical weapons (which we later discover, bizarre, we will destroy the whole world in 48 hours). Seagal has to give the plane back. It's so simple, not the annoying sub-plots and conspiracy-weighing the film as much of its recent work. That's not to say suddenly that the story is good, it's pretty poor. Entering secondary characters is wrong, for example. <br /> <br /> In filmed terms, FOF is bad. It's wrong with everyone involved, and Seagal seems bored with almost tears. He only has the appearance of a child who was forced to make the school's birth against his will, and thus has a constant grimace and a half-aunt's air. Can we blame Seagal, even though the material is so unspeakable and cruel? Not realy. This is the final film of Castel Studio's business, with several photos. Producers can not be bothered to do anything good, promising a budget of about $ 12 million and (after 5 million Seagal bonds) probably in pockets with a beautiful piece of it itself (If the movie was made for the rest 7 million, then I'm Elvis Pressley!). So in this sense, why Seagal should make the effort in a movie that has already been sorted before it's distributed. Fans can argue, but at least owe them the effort. It looks seriously, and the continued use of stand-bys and doubles is a further indication of this. Michael Keusch leads with some efficiency, while cinema is pretty good, but in all technical fields (and, as usual, with Castel, a standard stunt team), there is nothing more than mediocrity and nothing to help the film to rise above its bored man's driving material. Again, there are some action scenes that focus on characters other than Seagal, which, however, we do not want to see. Generally, the action is not too bad. It's cute and violent, and occasionally we're treated to a few side-by-side snacks from Seagal, but nothing special in general. Partial due to a crew of poor stunts and lack of time to film something too complex or interesting. For me, Shadow Man was a more enjoyable film because, ignoring the incoherent, mixed line, there were several seagal moments and more of it in the center of the scene. It never disappeared for long periods of time during the movie. Seagal disappears bizarre during a scene of action here and re-emerges with little explanation. There is too much material used. Using stock photos is not a frightening thing, but it's used as a cloth. We are treated to countless ship cadres, setting all the time, which become annoying. In addition, the continuity of the movie is everywhere (just check the background, cut and change). The film is just in the middle of the road. Say that the best movies are a futile and fearless girl on the face of the girl with two hot chicks. Seagal helps even for a short time! On the whole, this may be one of the best storage-based actions on that, but that does not say too much. This will please many fans, but should keep in mind, Seagal himself would probably want to forget his existence. **
