Steven Seagal, the personal personality, this time is the largest Stealth pilot in the United States who promised a pardon from the army (... who tried to move his memory at the beginning of the movie for which he escaped the base, interrupting a band of robbers in a shootout at a gas station) if he manages to infiltrate successfully on a terrorist base in northern Afghanistan, operated by a group called Black Sunday who led a stealth fighter of the Air Force thanks to an American traitor. Together with a colleague who admired the traitor, Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly to the enemy territory, receiving help from his Arabian lover, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and freedom fighter, Rojar they are on the ground. Jannick is abducted by Black Sunday leaders, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his female director, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must realize that not only to take back the stealth fighter's lead, but also to save. And maybe Sands can avenge the traitor he prepared, rather (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sands is 72 hours until the Navy pilot's drivers will bomb the entire area. On a stealth board, Black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb, hoping to detonate it in the United States. Seagal has a chance to shoot the Afghans when he does not cut his knife neck. The film is mostly burning firearms and dead bodies. The establishment of Afghanistan is not prudent (not even how easy Seagal and Co. are able to move to the undetected area so easily) and the plot itself has nothing to write about it. The movie is edited quickly, the camera is too shameful. Seagal is not as active as a hero he once was, and his action scenes are edited tightly if we find it hard to see him by eliminating his enemies, unlike the good times. One of Seagal's poorest efforts and is just as understated as ever (it's not a compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fights to fight with the biggest villains of the film, it's a shame. He does not even defeat his wrist or create a visible neck in any way (... surely we see a slight resemblance to an instrument that has been thrown around, but it is not such a clear picture as I like it because the filmmakers have so fast editing and stunning edits almost).
