It was said that "a hill city can not hide" and Virginia City, Nevada, perched on the Mt. Davidson at 6,200 meters west of Tahoe, is a prime example, or in the context of the movie, it should be. The city of Virginia exploded in the American dream as a golden and silver shower suspected in the same year that the Civil War began. It was the birthplace of the American Dean of Letters; where a young reporter named Samuel Clemens began to use the name "Mark Twain" and became America's most famous writer. It was also the birthplace of Hearst's wealth, and John Mackay's launch pad, which has become America's richest man, the third richest man in the world. Hey, he should have made the movie about him! In the 1860s, Virginia CIty was the boom of all the boomtowns, the great bonanza house, at one time the largest "metropolitan" western area of ​​St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City misses all of this, and it's more about a north / south duel between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a Union officer who is a shotgun in a concentration camp headed by a confederate commander named Capt. Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two are always in the way of the other. Bradford escapes and then tries to stop a shipment of gold bulls that have "shaken" VC by anyone else than. . . Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here?" Horrible. Bogart plays a Mexican bandit who can not decide who he is. Miriam Hopkins plays a dirty character called "Julia Hayne," a historic fall to the first lady of the city, Julia Bulette, who in real life celebrated a prostitute. He goes to Washington and speaks honest Abe to save BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging and blah blah blah. Realize. The writer would have to hang. In "real life," Twain reports that on the last day of the war, the sun that gave birth caused the American flag above Mt. Davidson to appear to the puzzled inhabitants to be weird on the fire, like the movie. Three days later, they discovered that on that day, the capital was southern. An interesting interest in the movie is how Alan Hale's sidekicks and Guin Williams flick their gun before when they shoot, like fishing, or trying to make the bullets go faster. It's not a bad idea for the movie. The same kind of goose is squeezed over holes and corn during the film. God, how could he lose his gold madness, lose his fortune, fight his weapons in the silver mines, Mark Twain out of the city and fight for a showdown, the railroad, Opera fire, Artemis Ward, Chinese chairs, black salons, auction. . ? All this high on a mountain surrounded by the desert? The truth was unreal. The fact that his fabulous fortune really provoked the great American Holocaust? If we count this movie, it would not be the first disaster to come out of Virginia City. It is a disappointment for fans in Virginia City because it lacks what the city has made a "city of illusions" where it is said that evil is falling from the ground. . . Okay, besides, that's a fun movie. Flynn and the band are always great, no matter what history I'm destroying. If Flynn just played his rotten self, I would double my rating.
