More-eyes with big eyes, hysterical 50s hyper-joy that gives a new meaning to anti-social, pathological behavior. Danza and Grayson will let you pray for mercy. It is a shame that all people involved in making this film are now dead (or in nursing homes). I was thinking of suing them for torture. As this film began to unleash its aggressive and aggressive assault on my giant, unmerited drums, I felt an instant and powerful pain that filled my whole being. That damn muscular vibrato can destroy Soviet tanks in small bits without the need for glass. "Why did not you change the channel if you did not like it?", You could ask angrily. Fair point, right point ... The answer is that I wanted it, but the pain was so sudden and painful that I fell on the floor, shuddering in agony. With my last energy, I tried to get to the remote, but I could not. A small, stupid fisherman with the dubious talent of singing with an annoying operatic voice is discovered by Niven, who then moves to "shrinks" him. Lanza is in love with Grayson asymmetric, but she definitely treats him with contempt until they eventually bind. This may seem like a rather thin plot, but this noisy movie is so full of songs and music that hardly any dialogue exists. This movie is RELENT. Forget the torture of Slayer's "Reign In Blood" (as in an episode of South Park) for hip-and-prisoners of war. No matter how small the conversation between stupid adults who infect this strange musical world in the 1950s, it's infantile - as if all the six-year-olds who were impersonating adults. I can invoke only people who find movies like this funny. It has to be wonderful to be nice: what a world of wonder would have opened me if I could enjoy any old gag, like a hilarious comedy, old man. <br /> <br /> But let's examine this phenomenon, the music of the 1950s. The best estimate is that musicians from the 1950s have given most of the daily idealists a view of Utopia or Heaven (depending on whether you go to the church or the tomb of Lenin) or at least a rough version of these fantasies - Inspired places. TTONO is closer to a representation of Hell, but that's just me. They do not seem to "get" musical. People talk, there is a story - but then all the good ones suddenly start playing for about 4 minutes, then calm down and then pretend as if nothing unusual happened! When you think about it, the musicals are more foreign than any science-fiction movie. However, worse, TTONO (my favorite pizza, btw) is not just a musical of the '50s, but one with opera theater. Opera is proof that there is something like over-training a voice - until it becomes a piercing ear-ear, rather than a means to bring the listener's pleasure. The clearest example of this transvestite is when Lanza and Grayson unite their vocal powers from the dark side for a really unbearable duet. I tried to go down in volume. I dropped her from 18 to 14. Then from 14 to 10. Then 8. I got to get him down to 1, which is usually so low that it's only heard by specially trained dogs and certain types of marsupials , and yet I STILL heard the two beating like donkeys! Take the scene in the small boat in the river. Danza starts with one of his devious melodies, killing the brain and then ... nothing. No animal that is not seen. Even crocodiles, who are mostly deaf, have remained outside. If you look carefully, you might even see the trees change color, from green to yellow, in a matter of minutes. No, it was not an error of continuity, it was old flora torture. And those trees were just matte paintings! Imagine how the real trees would react. The reason why glass breaks when a high C is pulled out of the overwhelming belly of an opera scream is not due to the laws of wave physics and frequency but because the glass is only human - so it can only take so much pain before suicides by spontaneous self-explosion. I can listen to the world's hottest and least friendly death metal band for hours, but give me just one minute of soprano and I have a headache that breaks apart.
