San Francisco is a great city with excellent credit. In this sense, the directors did not try to use the city. They did not even manage the most basic realistic details. So I would not recommend it to anyone based on a movie in San Francisco. You will not think "oh, I was there," you will think "how did a two-storey fire armor turn into a quiet hotel lobby?" Some of the rulers used speech styles in the East Coast and affections. It attracts, but the action has always been competent. The stories seemed to be shot in three distinct styles, at least at the beginning. The story in Chinatown was the most effective and interesting. The plot is weak, dropped from the scene for the classic action action scene in Hong Kong. The originals had a much higher tension and emotional resonance, they were framed and made better. But the action is fun and we get to see James Hong and other lighting fixtures. The intro of the white boy was useless. I think movie makers did not know what to do with him, so they left him freely structured and cut him off. The father is a weird attempt at a Berkeley liberal - indeed, good people, everyone knows it's not "groovy" to live in the ghetto - but its segments are the most humorous. They threw some good opportunities. Educated and scattered on the West Coast, a bastard here is a different yuppie bastard than in New York. They are equally intolerable, but they always differ. That would have been exciting; this was not. <br /> <br /> The entrance to Hunter's Point was the most disappointing. It was the most derivative of the three, and the farthest from a stylistic point of view in San Francisco. You've seen it before and you've seen it better. Even the video game was better! <br /> <br /> In spite of the non-local and non-generic generic scenario, these characters have the potential, the actors have the talent, and something interesting begins to force their way around the awkward direction ... ten minutes before the end. The good concept was placed in the wrong hands. PS, there is a missing minority here, you see if you can guess which of them.
