Major League: BACK TO MINORS (1998) Cast: Scott Bakula, Eric Bruskotter, Corbin Bernsen, Dennis Haysbert, Jensen Daggett, written and directed by John Warren 100 minutes nominally PG- 13 (for language and some violence) by Blake French: <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, in John Warren's new comedy "Major League: Back to the Mind" there is a funny scene. It consists of a sequence in which an angry coach throws a baseball pad in the wall behind him just to hit the cement and jump back and break it in front. It's not much, but except for a few unique lines, everything has to offer this movie ... he said enough. <br /> <br /> This film is not only structurally insufficient, characteristically undeveloped, predictable and poorly written but also simply bad. Even members of the non-critical audience will hate this movie with everything they have received. It's so familiar that it's not funny. <br /> <br /> How many times should the same movie be made about sports? Last year we saw the same material in "Air Bud: Golden Receiver" and, as bad as the movie, it was even worse. At least "Air Bud" was family-oriented. The "Major League Back to Minors" is too vulgar for a healthy family to see together one afternoon on Sunday. It's too childish for adults. So who is this movie? Teenagers? Elderly? ? People who are so desperate for entertainment that they would rent something like that The movie, like many others of its kind, has a base point trying to do: teamwork defeats everything . Yes, and what a great moral you have to try to prove. It's a shame we've already seen it and we've freed it as many times as we have and so little talent and intelligence that their cheerleaders are men in ballet costumes. If the stupid announcers form their own "routine comedy buddy" muttering one interlayer for themselves as "They suck", "This baby's fast ball is timed with a glass of hour," "This guy abandoned by the ball for a time to find something he lost - maybe it was his mind, "" Someone needs a nap ", and" to see a sunset just as beautiful as that piece. "If the characters have so little significance for each of us that we never know them by name. And if the only lecture scene from the heart about teamwork is so unknowledgeable that it's almost funny. "Major League Back to Minors "is so bad, it finally stops in the middle of a good closing sequence. The good baseball team is back, is about to win and - the power comes out. minute, that this piece of garbage has come to a conclusion, but in reality the final false scene exists just to add minutes to the running time. The film consists essentially of a series of non-binding sketches that throw jokes so much, but they are not funny. There is another funny dialogue line that has a coach and a player who talks to each other about why no longer need an outfielder in this position. Coach's answer: "You're too old, too slow and too fat." The player's reaction is to die for. But that scene certainly does not make this film worthwhile to you, and it certainly is not worth one centimeter of your money. <br /> <br /> So here is another horrible anteroom in this kind of movie, another one who is doomed with his own script, which is before seen failed, and another that is so familiar with seems like already vu all over again. <br /> <br />
