It's totally ridiculous. If you know something about poker, you will find it absolutely terrible, but also fun, because it is so overwhelmed. The impatient who made this film is obviously very religious and knows easily about the poker game, but I doubt he has ever played over 3-6. (I think he also knows nothing about golf). Where to start. I have seen better productions in the intro movie class I took the year of the school year of the film. The actors who look into this movie are Regina Momma, Scotty Nguyen and the loser who can never win to poker. All the others are as woody as they are, like bad porn actors. * Spoiler * The person with whom the movie starts in the opening sequence is the only reason the movie was made. He is a railman who does not play poker and never has a dialogue line, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the film. I can not think of a waste of money more useless than this man who is struggling for this unnecessary production. It is appropriate that he played such a futile role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on unnecessary characters whose plots are not solved in the smallest. Queen Momma has a scenario of theft of the show in which she throws her lost friend through a window and tries to shoot her brain. Also, unnamed Arabs in the convenience store also offer brilliant performance when they debate whether to beat or kill an older woman robbing them. Their subtle performances are easily among the most important moments of the movie. It makes you wonder why they bothered to make all these white men play the lead. In conclusion, nonsense. Plan 9 in outer space has a slightly greater consistency. If you play poker, you might want to laugh. Also, if you are Christians, you can enjoy a hard-to-handle religious conversation that burns like unnecessary peppers. I hate movies made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they know nothing about. It is sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen have been involved in this travesty because I can not think less of them. He must envy Johnny Chan for entering the Rounders.
