Allow yourself to enter the world of this movie for a second so that you can better understand the type of movie we are dealing with here. Edison is one of those really stupid movies where the villain and the monk left 50,000 bullets to pull the good guy behind the walls and the pillars, shout at them and then eventually get to the good guy in front and in place to kill him ... ... instead of wasting the guy who caused you SO MUCH pain .... instead of just going up and POP! ..... What are you doing? The bad guy ... ... he talks to him. He picks up the good guy and talks to him as he holds his arm. THERE IS NO NEED TO TAKE ABOUT! Shoot! SHOOT HIM NOW! But he talks to him anyway. Another thing. Finally, a newspaper says "PULITER WINNER STORY RIGHT HERE" or something above a front page of a work when it's the first time the story is printed. So, how has anyone managed to win a Pulitzer so fast? Yeah, do you know those kinds of stupid movies? Well, that's Edison in a nutshell. You caught Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey, who begged Lloyd J, who is bored every moment of the movie, while proposing to his girlfriend in a nightclub of all places and who the last line of "Duck" it was something like a lethal weapon movie that was never done ... and Justin Timberlake wept and nonsense every time he talks, bastard. The only bright spot was a crazy Dylan McDermott who made the best impressions "Denzel from the workout," which was quite fun. Oh yes, what about the movie? Eh, something about scandals involving Edison, the special fictitious police force, called "FRAT (I swear they do not do that), which should have been an obvious SWAT game Anyway, the little super-boy journalist Justin Timberflake smells something after a murder involving two undercover policemen from FRAT and goes to ask for a story, gaining his boss's (Freeman) trust along the way, while both reveal something bigger and more sinister than what the blah, like a bruise film, meets on a day of half-day training. The pace was slow and out, the script was horrible and the actor was extremely uninspired , he jumped everywhere without going anywhere. Because the movie left my brain in the second end ... No lie In essence do NOT waste your time!
