Soldier Blue is a pretentious film: claims to be a profound statement about man's inhumanity to man, the exploitation and brutality of the white man over indigenous peoples; a strange, unyielding and sardonic commentary about the horrors of Vietnam. I'm sorry, but it does not succeed at all. What Soldier Blue is really is a perpetual, dilapidated, evil-made, rogue career. Another commentator hit the nail on his head saying he seems to be a hybrid of two completely different movies. What is essentially a lame, a clichéd, a romantic "strange couple" - Strass and Bergen overcome their prejudices about the other's lifestyle and that they fall in love (ah, bless) - with two mischievous massacres that did not come out a place in Lucio Fulci's brilliance. There is no excuse for the repulsive, prudent, gore-watered climax in which cute little American children are shot, cut, cut, and close-up graphics, and large native American women are molestated, raped and tied up - without excuse , except for the box office. (The massacre itself, while repulsive in its wrong intention, is very well staged and shot, a bunch of actors stretched around them with red paint on them, interfering with a few sequences of special decapitation / This is what I call exploitation.) Forget all the papa you heard (including ridiculous comments that start and end the movie) about it being a "protest" an indictment of American brutality toward native peoples. This film does not provide information about the situation in Cheyenne, and if it did so it would have presented some involving native American characters, it would have made us know and care for innocent, unnamed, no-no, who are sacrificed at the climax. Instead, what we get is the stupid white bread story of Bergen and Strauss (both there are a few bad actors in this at least) with lots of blood, courage and cut heads to attract the curious. is a terrible shame because there is a movie about the Sand Creek massacre about all the real-life massacres that the US (and Britain and all the so-called "civilized" nations) have been participating throughout the centuries (Iraq? ). this is not the movie.
