They must draw up this sketch for all filmmakers arriving at the Hollywood bus station. Then they completed the signs and put their story in any town or urban ghetto they just arrived at. You know exactly what this movie is about from the opening shooters, four young boys in a slow rhythm, accompanied by a voice over the narrative. The next stop after the bus stop must be to buy pictures of four young boys playing at a slow pace. Once they grew up, it's easy to tell the writer / director among the four. He is the tranquil, contemplative, long-haired man who is not seen without his composition book hidden in his pants. This means that his excellent writing talent will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. Only there is no writing or the targeting talent shown here. And if you still can not figure out who he is, here's a clue: The car and his character have the same middle name. It took over an hour to find that these men of twenty men were still in high school. What seemed to be a prison was obviously a high school, the director turned out to be the principal. Once again, poor rebels, misunderstood, can all strike film in the pavement, murder, and robbery, but it is powerless to stand up for his alcoholic father. How about going back, kid, like you do all the others? Numerous battle scenes with a fist without apparent purpose. Bad bad dialogue. Many scenes do not focus too much. Cartoon characters continue to appear as extra players, gaining unintentional laughter from the premiere audience. Overacting in the extreme. And if you do not get enough self-important speeches or slow-down scenes, listen to the arrogant music. It will convince you and what you should feel. Poor Marisa Ryan has to deal with a lot of frequent miles during her country trip working in these regional amateur movies. The biggest pity is that the audience should feel compassion for children who throw weapons on old ladies, travel with puppies tied to a tree, rob and steal while complaining about their sad and mischievous life. But if we could get out of this town and go to college. Yeah, that's the ticket. Why does every director of twenty years believe that his life so far is so important, so exciting that the world can not wait to see it on the screen? If this movie is as autobiographical as it seems, then the author should look better over the shoulder for police officers with fugitive mandates.
