MORE FICTION I was so angry, I signed IMDb just to write this review. STRINGER THAN FICTION is a surprisingly complex, exciting and challenging film to the end. Once you have suspended several logical errors (why Will Ferrell did not hear Emma Thompson's voice 10 years ago when his fist started writing his book?) The phone rang again, the phone rang again "How could he does not know it sounds?), the movie causes your thoughts about mortality, fate and sacrifice. The short history of the literary themes offered by Dustin Hoffman should be especially enjoyed by former English majors. And Maggie Gyllenhaal is always a pleasure, even if Will Ferrell could be as easy as an ax killer as a frightening soul. Her quick trust in him is a great leap of great faith. Ah, but the end. By the end, I would have given 9 out of 10 stars to this movie. The film as a metaphor of the journey of life, as a tribute to the notion of "true writing," as a reminder that great literature is either comedy or tragedy, but not both, is remarkable. The whole movie causes the spectator to understand and accept the time of Will Ferrell's wife. And no matter how in love with a character can become, we know well why we will accept the end. The last act occurs, the screen turns white, the credits roll. A deep and powerful end of almost perfect film. A goal that would have been debated for weeks. <br /> <br /> NU !!!!!!!!!! Credits have not been allocated. Say it is not so. Tell him that Hollywood has not yet managed 10 minutes of nonsense that completely undermined the integrity and heart of the movie. Dustin Hoffman did well when he said, "It's no longer a masterpiece, it's okay." Appropriate examination of the film. Except for me, it was not even okay. I was so offended by the betrayal of "true writing," about the decision to penetrate the movie that I broke into angry tears, explaining this on the way home from the movie. I often do not cry. I may be interested in less about most movies, but still angry about it. My questions to Zack Helm, the writer, are the following: did the original movie finish when the screen became white? And you've been forced by the powers of the vapid movie, is that you are looking for an unbelieving end in the center of the movie? Or did you manage to get close to me? I read that you are brilliant. I hope your original script has finished the movie first. I know that Zack Helm will never see this review and I have not been able to find a contact so he can ask me. But, please, filming, are I the only ones who feel this way more than FICTION? One good thing came from me that I saw this movie: I admired twice lost in translation.
