Now I will be the first to recognize it when I say something that can be blasphemous or unfair, so I would like to apologize in advance for being bored about how much I liked this movie. he sums it up. I did not like this movie. Specifically, I did not like the concept of this movie. The cinema was good. The mood was nice. And the drive was satisfactory. However, the story is cumbersome, unclear and misleading. It's also offensive. I'm a quarter of Indian Cree, and for some reason I feel insulted, personally, by the nature of Whitaker's character. First of all, he's a black guy. And that's not a racist remark, I swear. The thought of a white, Hispanic or even native American, spinning in a cat on a roof, offends everything that represents the katana. Katana is the soul of a samurai, imbued with the souls of his ancestors who lead and protect the samurai. For Ghost Dog to use his weapons instead of Katana is also an insult to the blade and souls inside and where the hell received a Katana anyway? It must be one of those replies that insults the Samurai castra even more. Also, Ghost Dog did not show any honor. Near the end of the movie, he shoots a guard in the back through a window and then assassinates a man by shooting him through a drainage channel. Not only is it a cousin of killing an enemy, it is more like a ninja mode; silent assassins; a group that denies the samurai but does not hate the youngest. Then he tries to kill his boss when he finds out that his boss is a baddie. Do you know what a true Samurai is when he finds out that his master is bad or dishonorable? He suicides to prove he would rather die, then descend to his doggier master. Everything about the character was a gigantic contradiction with the true code that all the samurai adhere to: Bushido. <br /> <br /> We have such excellent cinema, a good atmosphere and so comprehensive action that includes a plot and a premise of satirical (which, unfortunately, is the most important aspect of it), making a movie generally unsatisfactory and insulting to everything an honorable bush (samurai) holds dear. <br /> <br /> 2.5 / 10 Bleach
