When the gorgeous Sam Peckinpah (1969) opened the door to scandalous ultra violent cinematic exhibitions, he did it with a talented hand (if whiskey-marinated) that guided the room and had a convincing story with characters that were deep in depth, but in the shortest time there have been dozens of imitators who have fallen away from the reference set established by Peckinpah's epic, and SOLDIER BLUE is categorically in that category. SOLDIER BLEW, er, BLUE, tells of the mistake New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen), a pro-hippie blonde who has been "saved" for two years by "captivity" among Cheyenne and is now sent to a fort where he will to be reunited with her fiance she wants to marry his money. He is also a government-run carrier, Cheyenne has to buy weapons, so soon the soldiers are wiped off and Cresta runs on the hills, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), Surviving Rider alone. Appealing to Gant by the nickname "Sniper Blue," Cresta demonstrates that her years among the "savages" have long been spent overcoming Gant in her survival skills, common sense and full balls, and during her journey to the fortress she has to persevere the elements, a hostile Kiowa band, a unscrupulous trader? played by Donald Pleasance, offering here one of his most ridiculous shows and that's what he says? and in the tradition of the many previous romantic comedies set in the west, one on the other. In the course of their misadventures, the two opposites are inevitable? and predictable? attracted to one another and finally get to get it on ?? While Gant has a freshly treated wound with a bullet that was clean by foot, no less? in what was certainly the only cave conveniently located for a radius of at least twelve miles that was not full of rats, mountain lions, or who knows what to say nothing about Cheyenne, who could have done something truly spirited with such a first apartment (there I go, thinking again in terms of real estate in New York). <br /> <br /> Realizing that their love can not bloom outside the cave, Cresta leaves Gant and makes it alone in the fortress just to find that the responsible fellow will not spare a couple of men so I can save Gant's; the regiment needs all the available personnel to launch an attack on the nearby Cheyenne village, and once Cresta becomes vague to her, she goes through her usually horrified past and makes a straight line at Cheyenne to warn her of what's next. <br /> <br /> What is happening next is what won his infamy movie; it turns out that all the miseries and miseries were just a challenge for a hideous rehabilitation of the Sand Creek Massacre in 1864, an orgy of rape, torture, and sadistic general evil committed in the name of "keeping the country clean"; and almost forty years after its release, this sequence continues to bother and cling to its cruelty. Are the children trampled under the hooves of the loading horses or pushed into the bayonet, the unarmed people are beheaded? a nice effect, must I admit? women are stripped and beaten by brutal gangs of abuse, then raped and mutilated? In a truly disgusting case, a native naked woman is doing too much fighting, so her violator decides instead to cut her breasts, which fortunately only see the beginning before the camera goes to chronic other hideous acts? and dozens of innocent people are shot and dismantled, their compound pieces scattering on their feet and spinning in victorious feast or preserved as the most sympathetic souvenir. No joke, this scene would immediately get a NC-17 rating if it is released today without saying that it is possible for US interest groups to take revenge on the streets in an incredibly exploitative manner in which atrocities are described. /> I am in favor of Westerners who do not move away from the honest portraits of the way in which their West has been stolen if the truth is told, but this film has no idea what kind of film it wants to be; one minute is a pseudo-hippy lecture on how the treatment of the natives has been completely enriched (well, DUH!), then it is a blood race from the sex race where Cresta proves itself five times Gant is and manages to look hot in a tricky poncho (without shirts), but everything comes out of the window when Donald Pleasance appears with a pair of hilarious dental prostheses (?) And our heroes have to figure out how to escapes his killer claws in a sub-plot that does not go anywhere, all culminating in the apocalyptic culmination mentioned above. Any of those films would have been good for a coherent film, but the ultimate result is a slapdash mess that has given the horrors of its last ten minutes for everything it deserves in film promotion and poster imaging. <br /> <br /> But, trying to be all things for all audiences, SOLDIER BLUE ends up as an incoherent steak, preachy Mulligan of well-intentioned political correctness, but if it were to tell the story of the Creek Massacre Sand, it would not have been good idea to have some Indian characters to be more than simply with Murphy Brown acting as a spokesman? We do not get to know absolutely nothing of the people who have been destroyed just for what seems to be a mole to attract gorehound moviegoers to see the "wildest film in history." If, like me, you were intrigued by the provocative announcements and reviews that gave him almost endless praise for "I dare say it the way it was", take my word and let SOLDIER BLUE slow down slowly in the cinematic obscurity .
