This is a well-killed story about a man who marries to get rid of the character of a hangman, then gets up to the "tame" of his reticent bridegroom. She manages to be sexist and racist at the same time. We never know, for example, why a woman who has earned the respect of an Indian warrior is totally unable to fight her previous husband. Or why the members of her team are so eager to get a "real man" in the saddle, when it seems to be dealing with things in their own right. This made sense only in the fifties in Hollywood. There is a really bad scene in which she walks on it and actually catches her whip - the second time - then she gives her off the horse. It does not matter that the first time he probably missed an eye, which would make it hard to grab the whip! He then predominates in a fight against his Indian bodyguard, where he spends the first two-thirds of it battling in a pulp. It's a second wind. Later, he negotiates with some bloodthirsty Indians (as all of them are in these films), after they have rejected it now, it is "an excuse". It does not matter that he has zero diplomatic skills and has been negotiating with them for years. And the way he continues to reject his attempts to seduce him just to keep his desire and prevent him from holding him back - yes, all right. Like women, they all go to the trail. Finally, none of the rulers is convincing in their roles. Madison is just a bastard who has unrealistic luck. Fleming overturns her hair and clenches a lot, but she is not convincing like a lit tomboy. The only reason you changed your mind is that you want to see Madison about a fugitive horse and drag on a rock before the end of the movie. The way Madison faces Fleming is so predictable and has so few obstacles that it will irritate you out of you if you see women as anything other than exploding dolls. Even if you see them as dolls, the total lack of suspension will bear you. Total time loss. Even the landscape is a bit boring. Give one a great desire.
