LL Cool J did a lot better in this movie I've been waiting for! He did a fabulous job, acting as a "renegade" policeman in a "renegade" department. From the very beginning, he does an excellent job of building the viewer's empathy for his character and for the situation he is in. It acts like a sort of "gentle giant" - a person whose tough outside can scare anyone, but whose heart is clearly the right place right from the start - and does an amazing job. He was clearly the best character in the movie. It was certainly a performance that will not win any prize from Morgan Freeman. After playing in power movies like Shawshank Redemption, this movie was certainly a step down. His role in Edison did not let him show his true talent as an actor - and, from the point of view of the conglomeration of characters, he saddened a burner from behind. There are so many ways in which his character (Moses Ashford) could have played a more important role. That he was not disappointing and a real let down. I was hoping to see more of him in this movie. Timberlake should have stayed in the music industry. The representation of a young journalist was inappropriate and careless. This film is a typical action movie that (at least initially) has a certain resemblance to the corrupt police business that LA has experienced in the past. As an action movie, he has his share of scenes-shoot-em-up, blood and courage. These scenes are usually unrealistic and painfully predictable. Watching the beginning of the film, there is very little suspense as to what will happen at the end - think of what you normally expect in a good political / bad police-and not very similar to a policeman REAL -out. <br /> <br /> What irritated me most was the way Timberlake's character behaved during the shooting scenes. He starts with weapons and does not use them. Then, when he finally comes to use one, he burns it, as if he's been shooting the gun all his life. Then he feels no bullets and no weapon - and 30 seconds later, without movement or anything else - suddenly has two fully loaded weapons and extra ammunition! Little plotting mistakes like this movie really destroyed the movie for me. If what you're looking for is a fictional fantasy plot in a fantastic world where everything is doing well, then you'll probably enjoy this movie. Personally, it does not matter to me what kind of film is as long as it's realistic. Make me think the story is true. This story was so fictitious in so many aspects that I came to feel uncomfortable.
