The documentary revolves around Eva Mozes Kor, the Holocaust survivor, part of Mengele's twin experiments, consisting of her version of what happened in Auschwitz and a comparison of the emotions of the other survivors of double experiments. The movie obviously had excellent reviews. It is one of those subjects that no one dares to say otherwise. Me too, for much of the film, I suffocated the excitement the filmmaker wanted so clearly for the spectator to focus on. One of the IMDb user reviews by Eric Monder (obviously having nothing to say about this topic on a public forum) could find only the sweetest nectar. "In one of the many dramatic sequences, while a group of Jews wonders with Kor in the Jewish center, the meaning of the word" forgiveness "is even debated, but Kor, isolated and outdated, retains its own" But at this time, sappy claim that the movie had on my emotional latent repertoire left long enough to see clearly once again. After Eva Kor forgives the "Nazi Captives," the film begins to enslave itself in terms of forgiveness, at least from Kor's point of view. The film aims to follow her following her public statement that forgave the Nazis and a new territory. For me, it was the flesh of the film, surrounded by the inestimable fat of the "forgiveness". Obviously, it was a very sick cow. On a mission to test the theory of forgiveness, to heal the wounds of the past, she is heading for the promised land to meet some Arabs to discuss with them the problems they are facing and to see if the dialogue can lead to a better understanding of the situation and has been strongly intertwined with debates and discussions with the Jews in the US on the act of forgiving the Nazis, center in Chicago. From that moment on, anyone who is not so tearful that she can not see the screen will find it hard to lose the obvious contradiction in her statements. First of all, immediately notice the language of her body, defensive, and do not want to listen to a room full of Arab teachers and teachers. Her comments about how she feared he could kidnap her showed how much she lost time, effort and money the whole act. A Dr. Sami Advan (professor of education at the University of Bethlehem) is pretty upset and does exactly when he tells Kor a statement he does about how he would rather fall asleep in her apartment. the debate at the Jewish center in Chicago, where it is "grilled" about the meaning of forgiveness and its right to do so, following those who continue to suffer through the trauma of acts. will cut the track. By the end of the movie, I hoped I did not choose to watch the movie. The film was bad, it failed to sink deeper into anything about Auschwitz besides purely banal enough to ensure that the Holocaust is revived in the memory of the audience and to instigate a barrage of tears. It was shown that Kor, the subject of the documentary, was unable to engage in a proper discussion. His discussion skills were limited to the parody of his position regarding the forgiveness (at best) of a total rejection of listening or participating. Finally, everyone is so late today that he can not see the difference between making peace and forgiving? Quoting another IMDb user: "I do not see his forgiveness as poor, but on the contrary, he just wanted to get rid of his soul, he wanted the pain to end, so he let her go." That would be the definition of the perfect lay person to make PEACE. I believe that in a world of propaganda, blind faith and political correctness, there is no room to question those who "have gone through more than men can understand the mind." PS The dictionary should go into all the books that everyone continues to do.
