I like all kinds of movies, especially horror. That being said, survival never comes up from the hype that surrounds it. I can not give him a point about originality. There is nothing wrong with exploring the same topics or playing back what others have done. He has just become a policeman for indie films that have led us into a lively journey through the woods, a crazy murderer, and, recently, throwing himself into a crazy family. On those lines, we have to compare it with those in Texas Chainsaw, Turn Wrong (although overturning in that is obvious) and others. Survival is much closer to comparable films. The plot was not original in any way. Some movies may end up with a weak (and outdated) plot with superb action, special fx or a lot of other factors. Survivally, none of them has to bank. If you want, keep in mind the following: The movie act never took off. We do not beat or blame the actors for this, nor the director. The dialogue was at best mediocre, and the actors involved never showed (saying they did not) the talent to take it out. Mentionez 2 standouts. The man in this movie certainly has a look, but I think he needs to consider more training before he's ready to broadcast a movie. The actor who played Greg also had potential, but we never managed to see anything from him (watch the movie to see why you will not believe ...). The granular film looks. Yes, that small little film that makes magic designed to take us to the glory days of "Grindhouse" movies. In the production of today's film, it became a gimmick. It works or not. In this case, it just does not work. There are too many other mistakes, so the distraction from the movie ends without adding to it. Having said that, I think they did a good job of adding that grain. That's a good bunch of quality. I think that with another scenario, better direction and possibly actors, should try another "Grindhouse" try. They'll probably remove it. As far as the technology aspects are concerned, in my opinion, they have never made me gels. Better care could have been taken with the sound (it sounds like it was fed directly into the room, but there is nothing wrong with that) and to be shot on DV, it was too soft for my taste. <br /> <br /> That's all I have to say about this .....
