Spoilers <br /> <br /> Wow, END OF WORLD is a particularly overwhelming cinematic experience. <br /> <br /> This is the complete story: a scientist gets messages from space (YES YES INDEPENDENCE). Messages say things like a massive disaster are about to happen and then the scientist later listens to the radio that a huge earthquake happened in China. He begins to think that messages are related to disasters around the world, so he tries to figure out who receives messages (and who also sends messages in space). He and his wife eventually realize that the messages come from a monastery. They visit her. Everything looks normal, including the priest played by a bored Christopher Lee. But the scientist is adamant and even thinks the messages come from that monastery. So he and his wife return secretly to the monastery where they are caught around the strangers, disguised as priests and nuns. They are held against their will, and the stranger played by Lee forces the scientist to get something they need to get back to their planet. Once the stranger receives the special element, the aliens move one by one on their home planet, in a sort of carrier platform looking for a gesture. Lee, being the last alien left, tells the young man that the earth will be destroyed because of a hokey decision of the aliens. Lee entered the carrier and left. The couple, looking at monitors showing images of natural disasters occurring around the world, decide to follow aliens. Because the earth is doomed, the couple does not see any point behind them, so they can go into the conveyor and disappear. The last shot of the film is a planet of exploding paper. End. <br /> <br /> That's it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen such a boring movie in my life. It's the most overwhelming movie I've ever experienced. The scientist and his wife are two of the most protagonist heroes or protagonists ever on the screen. They do not care about anything. They see the earthly disasters on the monitors and decide "what the hell, who does anybody need the earth anyway?" They do not even try to stop them or do something to make things better. This kind of story could have worked if the film had an overwhelming sense of contempt for anything but action and atmosphere did not exist. The actors and the people behind this tedious move go through their steps so much that you can almost feel when they hit their books when they went down and came back to work. I did not expect much of this movie because it's a Charles Band production, but I did not expect it to be so bad. Christopher Lee was asked who was the worst movie he ever did and he mentioned STARSHIP INVASIONS. I'm sorry Chris, but INVASIILE STARSHIP was actually fun. STARSHIP INVASIONS is terrible, but terribly fun. THE END OF THE WORLD IS MORE, MORE LIVER: it is beyond the dull and inert, with no entertainment value.
