I do not remember the last time I reacted to an equally emotional show just like Justin Timberlake in Edison. I was so excited that I wanted to cry out in pain, destroy the screen, accept the screams of hopeless nihilism easily. Timberlake is terribly bad; in fact, his chasing is to drive Andy Dick to play the lead role in "Patton," or Nathan Lane to play Jesus. But this is close to the point. Timberlake is simply an evil actor and he would be as awful in any role. I had problems with Ben Affleck's talent, but Timberlake makes Affleck look like Sir Ian McKellen or Dame Judi Dench. With a metrosexual lysis (read-lith), his boyish gaze and the emotional expression that derives from something like "25's Actors Expressions," he poisones the screen that is ruthlessly provoked, and no matter how you cut him, do not and will not buy the role of amateur and crusade journalist for justice. It just will not fly. However, Timberlake alone is not to blame for his failure. Director David J. Burke puts it not only in the lead role, but also leaves Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, John Heard, Dylan McDermott, Cary Elwes and (I'm surprised to be just as good) LL Cool J I can imagine almost physical suffering, looking at some of this cast that interacts with Timberlake. There is an edge over this: when any of these actors interact without Justin there feels like a double relief. A pleasure, if you do. Freeman and Spacey may not have more than 10 minutes of screen only together, but that ten minutes is happy in contrast to their scenes with the so-called hero. Dylan McDermott is also a breath of fresh air. But rather tangled by Timberlake - the words are not enough in this particular case to do the trick. "Edison" is a very corrupt story of corruption. The plan varies from cliché to simply absurd. However, I admire the reasons behind the performance, which I interpret as a tribute to films such as "Serpico" or "Donnie Brasco" or perhaps "Chinatown". Do not get me wrong - "Edison" is not even in the same park as these movies, but I can stretch my suspense of distrust to admire my reason for existence, probably to justify my sitting through it. /> The script, in itself, presents some surprisingly evil writings. Yes, he has decent intersections, but any conversation between Piper Perabo (which is scattered here) and Timberlake seems to have been picked up directly from an episode of Dawson's Creek. It's about your typical dialogue, too glib-for-reality, to impress our audience-well-we-articulate (and fail). This dialogue, your mind, is marked by excellent music in the wrong moments - sometimes it feels like "Edison" wants to turn into a musical video, where the emotion of the scene is not communicated through acting but just by bad music and variants movie speeds (read slow-motion). Thinking of it, "Edison" is a curiosity. She's sure she's going to kill her, but the performance is destroyed by Timberlake, which just does not work. In the film, like in most arts, if something is stopped, everything is stopped. Directors have to make difficult choices. David J. Burke missed the sign here. Some of the scenes play well in itself, but overall they do not seem to fit like jigsaw puzzles from different puzzles forced into a single incoherent image. And it's not a very interesting puzzle for the beginning.
