Although I did not have an earthly idea of ​​what to expect from this film, it certainly would not have been what I had in mind if something came to mind. Once I heard about its existence, all I knew was that I had to have a movie called Please, do not eat babies. unfortunately we could only find a copy under its alternative title, Island Fury. Looking back, I think I could call a lose-lose situation. On the one hand, I still can not be known as the guy who owns a movie called "Please do not eat the babies," and on the other hand, Fury Island would eventually be revealed to be a dreadful, useless, boring person , unwanted garbage. Yeah, I'm definitely losing the pier. I'm not sure the guy I'm going over here. Just early 80 badness with a flashback that could actually be more than non-flashback. First of all, two teenage girls are followed by two bad guys, once trapped, the bad guys let us know that one of the girls has a coin around her neck and somehow these bad guys know a lot more coins hidden on an island somewhere. And here things start to be weird, somehow these guys know a trip that girls have on an island, years before when they were only 10. I think this would mean that the girls should know exactly where this treasure is supposed to be It is. So now we are in the past, while the girls are trying to repeat their steps, so these bad boys do not kill them, though I would not have realized if they had. In retrospect, 10-year old counterparts are on a boat trip with their sisters and their sisters' friends, eventually stopping on an island for air, mingling with a kid and his killer grandparents. Any potential suspense or reason to continue watching never occurs, but the flashback was undoubtedly better than the present one, which, however, does not say too much. <br /> <br /> For a while, I forgot at one time, I think maybe the director also had, and when the retrospective ended, that would be the end, which I should have worked for myself, considering that this disappointment would have been shorter by half an hour. This unnecessary movie in a useless movie will eventually end up and real things will happen, but it's bad. I think I did not expect a baby full of babies to be devoured, or something like that, but I was expecting some form of B entertainment, just a confused, insecure, insecure story like her. My advice would be to look for something valid as the attack on the creatures of the beast. If anyone were to, I would recommend it only for the serious B film servers that must have it all, whoever would probably be interested in a brain injury. What really makes me is that I still have no idea why they called her "Please do not eat babies." 3/10
