I hate to say "an old person," but I honestly did not see too many movies that I like after 1960 ... in general, the movies seem to get worse even worse (though I enjoyed the Scott Baio vehicle very much " The Bread, My Sweet ", except the" rigeur "sex scene that NEVER adds to the THAT movie). This film makes the mother, a former choir from Las Vegas, seem incapable of surviving on her own, although she is clearly 50 years old (though she suggested she was 40 years old). I did not buy it. I am 57 and that all the women I know in my 50s and 40s are more than able to survive on my own (as I have done since I graduated from high school at the age of 13, I legally emancipated and started my life The daughter is not credible in her role of work ... she receives a promotion she does not deserve (a great opportunity) and a drop, but when another woman is ready to give it to her, the writers she shoots her as an "opportunist" when she does just what a career-oriented person would do - taking advantage of a wide open opportunity created by her colleague's lack of self-discipline, a girl who apparently does not understand the concept of honoring of her promises (in her case, her boss). The daughter, with grudgingly "allows" her mother to sit with her temporarily but then treats her mother (the woman who gave her Life and raises her to "maturity") as a bet. It seems that the "writers" of this tribute do not understand that it is not "ordinary" for the PARENTS to behave like children and then to be treated as children by their children. It's just a societal "baloney" that Hollywood continues to try to force him down as if we, our audience, were stupid because we wanted to have fun with their creative offerings. movie with a stupid ending. If the young male restaurant was real and not a two-dimensional "TV character", he would have stayed with MAMA, who was not much older than he and quite attractive. But, ultimately, he "falls" for the daughter, a superficial girl, quite uninteresting, who has that lie of youth, but in a usual, gentle way. (The young "opportunist" who worked with this girl was not much more attractive, physically.) There was no credible reason to the audience about why the restaurant prefers the daughter (who was selfish, selfish, who treated her Her mother with a lack of respect for her mother - a woman who was infatuated, sweet, humorous and had a vivid life, her daughter could not even start to understand. Of course the mother had its own flaws. ... she reacted to her husband's death, consuming himself in a stupor for a year or two afterwards, who thought she had created a rupture between her and her creepy daughter. No matter how the characters were or not have been developed, this is a baloney movie and a waste of your valuable viewing time, unless you really like it. (Where is the mustard?)
