This is available on a "Drive In Double" option in Dark Sky Films, and since I've just finished "Barracuda," I looked at this too. This is a movie that turns out to be incredibly ambitious and inept at the same time. We start with two young ladies wandering the streets of a foreign town, but where exactly are they? They stop looking at necklaces from a Chinese salesman and try Chinese-style clothes at a store, but then see some Aztecs dancers? And all these time, these girls are followed by two guys who eventually give up any stealth did not have to chase the girls in a wild run through the city and eventually catch them. <br /> <br /> It seems that one of the girls has a coin around a neck around her neck, and these guys want to find prey, and where did she get it? So in retrospect, we come back to find out. And how did they know he had this coin? It's hard to say, really. Now, on the day these two women were 10, they went out with their sister sisters and friends on a boat and after they stopped to get air in their tanks, I drag this boy back to his home dock , just to get his grandfather and invite the "young man" anointed "for the herbal tea with his grandfather. But not everyone has the tea, Todd returned to the boat to check the young girls, and when I'm away from her, the boat and when they return home, their friends have mysteriously disappeared. Well, it seems these "good folklore" raises their vegetables, but they wait for the meat to fall for a spell and serve her herbal tea. girls and Todd left the island, but now they come back, escorted by their captors and are there to find the treasure, despite the fact that nobody ever showed the girl where it was before. There is also another person on the island , and the thugs they die to die one by one, and since there are only three, it does not last long. And there is even a kind of happy ending that will leave the viewer as tangled as in the rest of the movie. The two bullies seem to be speeding madmen with anger and combined problems without the ability to act, they are limited to hilarious. The hillbilly family is also devoid of the ability to act, despite the fact that grandfather is Hank Worden, who appeared in many movies and TV shows. The action is confusing, the premises are even more confusing, and the island looks like Southern California. So what the hell is this? I'm not sure, but it's definitely worth seeing once, so you can think (or say), right? 4 out of 10, very bizarre.
