When a movie of a book seems useless and incomprehensible, the cause can be invariably found in the book: whether it was not useless to start, or the point is one that is not easily transmitted to the film, or the movie missed the point, which is the most frequent of these results and the easiest to achieve, especially when the point is not an easy to define. The book "Morvern Callar" has one point; every reader of the book must have felt this and felt as if he had obtained it; but I suspect that most of them could not say in words. I'm not sure I can, myself, but maybe it's about it, or something like: Things come, things go, so is life, but we will continue; or, in any case, some of us - people like Morvern - do. Undoubtedly, a more erudite critic could build a more appropriate definition. But the important thing is that there is a point - possibly, the sum of the whole story is the point - and that it was the main thing you have to keep in mind and give it up in adapting the story to the movie. The producer of this film obviously missed the point and did not substitute one; and so the movie has nothing to say. It is not a usual complaint by a book lover that the favorite text has been violated. The merit of the book is something I have patiently admired: I read it, I realized a bloody boredom and an opportunity to hit the author in his pants and make them do the job right. The narrative was to be the work of the semi-educated Morver, but this illusion is constantly eliminated by a dozen different types of literary effect, as if the author wanted to grab it with the pen; there are inconsistencies of style and tone, as if different sections were composed at different times; and the conclusions I could have reached about Morvern had to remain an attempt because she was not sure what the author intended and what she did not do: for example, despite Morvern's self-characterization as a raver, I wrong that finally, a Scottish working class girl and under her music downloads not so different from those of past generations? In any case, despite my irritation to the author, I could not deny the fact that my book stuck to me; and what I could not get out of my head was the attitude of her character, her angle in the world, which was almost as alive as a Goya portrait. Morvern is the kind of person who always faces occasions, sometimes rather comic and rather horrible; occasionally invites them, but more often lands on it like flies, so much of her life consists of a kind of gauche, but gracefully slogging-through, unconsciously practically and unconsciously philosophical - and which does not begin to describe it idiosyncratic enough. Morvern's incidents complex and answers are the substance of the book, and its realization, exposing a cross-section of existence, would be difficult to illuminate otherwise; for all my anxiety about the book, I can see this. The Morvern just described is not Morvern's film; or if it is, most of it is held offscreen. An actress who could have matched the character, if it were the right age at the right time, is Angharad Rees, from the old TV series "Poldark". Samantha Morton would seem like a good cast: she is rather the same actress, and in one of her earlier films, "The Son of Jesus," she interpreted a girl who, with some adjustments, could have been transformed into it. Unfortunately, as the film has proven, she does not have the character in the book to play. For one thing, the book is one that, in order to be dramatized, practically calls for monologues by the main character of the audience; without her comments, her perspective, her voice, the story loses most of its meaning. She lost most of this by the fact that the adapter removed it from its comic and horrible elements: the most memorable incidents in the book are reduced before returning, so Morvern's answers (no matter how fun or fun, depending on her state of mind) are missing and incidents have no reason to be in the story. In short, the director chose for some reason to turn a serio-comic novel into a gentleman's art film and chose one of Mrs. Morton's pictures as a typical image that disappeared into a shadowy artistic melancholy; as if Morvern excursion signs for it was a tour of Cross Stations. It is not at all what was the book or Morvern of the book. In fact, Morvern's film is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she did not have time to study the focus) and should be: it is important that she and her family and colleagues are all in one place. And finally the movie does not end the story: Morvern spends everything he has and comes home in a frozen darkness: it's winter, the dam was frozen, the power went out, and the pub was dark. Minus this and minus the rest, what is left is a failed art film, a dead film, about a subject whose strength lies precisely in its refusal, or in native incapacity, ever to give up being dead.
