After watching a dozen episodes, I decided to give up this show because it describes in an unrealistic way what mathematical modeling is. In the episodes that Charlie would anticipate the future behavior of individuals using mathematical models, I thought my profession was joking. I'm not a mathematician, but a chemist engineer, but I work a lot with mathematical models. So I will try to explain to the laic what is shown almost to "do" the fairy tales. First, choosing the right model to anticipate a situation is a difficult task. Charlie Eppes is shown as a genius, but even he should spend a lot of time researching for a suitable model, especially to try to guess what someone will do or where he will be in the near future. Individuals are irregular and haphazard, there is no modeling for them. Isaac Asimov even wrote about this in the 1950s. Even if there was a model for a certain type of individual, it would be probiotic (stochastic), which means he has good chances to make a wrong prediction. Second, assuming that the model is suitable for someone or a situation is found, the model parameters must be known. These parameters are equation constants such as gravitational acceleration (9.8 m / s2) and are often not readily determinable. Again, Charlie Eppes should be someone beyond the genius to know the right parameters for the model he chooses. And after the model and parameters are chosen, they should be tested. Strangely, they are not, and by the miracle they fit exactly to the situation that is predicted. Thirdly, a very important aspect of modeling is almost always neglected, not only by Numbers, but also by Sci-Fi movies: the computational effort needed to solve these models. Try to get Excel to solve a complex model with many equations and variables and find a eruic job. Even though Charlie Eppes has the right software to solve his models, he could be stuck with the hardware that will be terribly slow. And even with the right software / hardware combination, the solution could take several days to reach. Resolve them immediately! I could use my computer in my research work, I would be very glad. As a drama, it is far from being the best show. Characters are somewhat stereotyped, but not really funny like those in the Big Bang Theory. The murders are dull and the way Charlie Eppes solves them sometimes makes the FBI look pretty incompetent. For a layman, the show might work. For others, the way things are treated makes it difficult to swallow!
