This show is a perfect example of how CBC should stay on news, sports, or satirical sketch comedy. As a situation comedy developer, CBC has shown that he can combine the "Kensington King" pizzaz with the belly laugh of "Beachcombers". It is an embarrassment for wonderful shows such as "Children in the Hall" and "Second City," which their comedic roots have to share with this blade production. I have to admit that I did not give this show a great chance right from the first hearing of its concept. To begin, half of the concept is a direct attempt to destroy one of the few sitcoms in English-Canadian history, Corner Gas. The rest of the concept - the cultural clash - is far from original and is too often used as a crutch to write laziness. The selection of Muslim religion as the basis of the "fish in the water" appears to be a desperate attempt to be "edgy" and "current," but is forcibly removed. Some of the jokes that rely on the local reaction to the newcomers worsened, incited and insulted the intelligence of all those involved, especially the public. This show is a perfect example of how CBC simply does not "get" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when presenting Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada must not be presented in such a cumbersome and forced manner. It would be a refreshing change to see CBC introduce diversity into a television show without making the show about that diversity. I doubt that CBC has enough talent for the sitcom to get something so subtle. A comparison could be made about how diversity is presented in Corner Gas - that is. aboriginal characters are not offset by their ethnicity, nor are their inheritances used to generate story lines. More realistically, their lives and other characters live intertwined in a way that does not make the ethnicity more significant than any of their other personal characteristics. That is how it was said, even as formal fish fish, water comedy, this show fails. The actress is weak, the comic rhythm on the map, and the premise of the stories I've seen was far beyond the suspension of the faith, even for a comedy. The only salvific grace is the talented Derek McGrath, who is terribly forgotten here. I doubt that even the addition of stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as Anglican Archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the show a chance once the CBC "hype" died; but two episodes were all I could do - I almost felt my arms shut off with every missed blow. Time-slot would be better served by broadcasting more Coronation Street, Air Farce re-runs, or Dr. Who. Even an infomercial would be an improvement.
