Once again, Canadian television stands out and creates another show that will no longer be known after its premiere episode. <br /> <br /> Last time I remember that the sitcoms had to provoke a reaction that we call in business laughter. How funny is to defeat the stereotype of all white men who think that all Muslims are terrorists? OK, maybe a joke just to stick to the masses. But not 30 minutes. It's called a beating a dead horse. Even SNL would know to give up after a commercial break. We also have a small conflict in these scriptures. Will or will not you be able to serve cucumber sandwiches to break the Ramadan fast? When will Ramadan begin? Ohhhhh is Emmy winning here. <br /> <br /> And the characters! What characters ?! All are cardboard cuts without anything interesting that makes us want to follow them from one situation to another. This is the point of the comedy of the situation. We need strong, interesting and dynamic characters so we can always be attracted to television every week. We have to care for these characters to worry about the issues they will face next week. If I never see these characters, it will be too soon. Fortunately I do not remember any of their names (CBC note - that's not a good sign). And the action is so gentle. It's more a casting problem than actors. None of these people embody the characters they play. They seem to act as if they were working on a movie of the week. Sitcoms need actors who live and breathe that character - make us fall in love with them - where they become inseparable from the character portrayed. Watch any American sitcom and see how easy the characters are. Part of the problem is that actors seem to treat this project as if they could be a platform for bigger and better things instead of being their only great life character for which they will spend the next eight years portraying themselves. The level of disinterest in characters and in the project looks. But to be honest, given the concept of blades and horrible writing, it is not much for the actors to do but to tell their lines and try not to collide in the furniture. As another commentator says, this seems to be a TV movie and not a sitcom. And directing or missing from there! What can I say, Canada has so much talent, look at what the comedy channel does with Puppets Who Kill and Punched Up. Look at the Trailer Park Boys (not the movie because it hit the big helium dog). Look at any American show to see our talent potential, because if many of our stars go to find decent work. Grant CBC credit, really know how to build advertising for a non-event. Remember "One"? No - do not even try to learn character names in this show, because it's safe to go Dodo. Let's all hope for a full shot ACTRA, so nothing like it comes out of Ceeb for a good time.
