You would think that along with Ingrid Bergman and Warner Baxter this movie would have been much better. Unfortunately, the movie suffers from hard-to-believe characters, as well as a major plot issue that makes some of the characters look brave. The film begins with Ingrid Bergman coming to work for the Stoddard family. Everything is so peachy and swell - the family adores Bergman and things can not be more perfect. Well, until the mother (Fay Wray) dies, the stock market collapses in 1907 (wiping out family wealth) and Bergman is forced to return home to France. This part of the film is a little bit sticky, but not bad. Later, after family wealth improved, Bergman returned. The four boys are now raised and there is no reason why they will once again engage as a governor. But, in short, everything swells again. But when the First World War takes place, the four go to war - boys! In the middle of it, one of the sons (David) brings home his new wife (Susan Hayward). Mr. Hayward's character is as white and black as the others, though while they are well and swollen, she is obviously a horny devil. To make things worse, she comes to live in the family home while David is at war. Now, here's where the movie really gets really bad - brain-painfully stupid. Hayward starts a business with one of David's brothers, but when his father sees a loving silhouette, Bergman enters the room from another entrance and claims she was not Hayward with Jack! WHY?! Why would a healthy person do this to save the back of an obviously evil and persuasive woman? That was exactly the excuse Bergman had to escape once and for all! This is just a bad case of writing and it made me mad ... and most likely did the same thing back to the audience back in 1941. The rest of the movie is a failed occasion after the chance for Hayward's wickedness has failed. This only flies against common sense and made the film a silly melodramatic disorder. As expected, however, the truth finally comes out and everyone swells again - happy that it is a wonderful, wonderful family, minus the bitch, Hayward. The film suffers from poor writing. Hayward's statement made little sense - at least in the way he was treated. And, having characters that are so bad or bad (nothing between them) sinks this film to second-rate soap. The only thing that saves him is the action - they tried as best as possible with a turgid scenario. Suffice it to say that the Columbia Pictures writers who made this film should have been slapped with a dead chicken!
