We all know that some of the greatest movies of all time were based on books. While these were not particularly precise adaptations, these films were, however, excellent films. Some examples are the Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings trilogy and, to a lesser extent, almost any Disney movie ever made. However, I must say with regret that A Wrinkle in Time is not one of those movies. Not only fails to meet some of the most basic expectations of the Madeleine L'Engle fan base, it manages to defy scriptwriting, acting, special effects, and ultimately, respect for the public. Remember, I'm not trying to be bad; on the contrary, I entered this business with an open mind. I thought a product made for T.V. the film will compensate for the lack of clarity in his screenplay. After all, Star Wars Ewoks were decent, if it were a little stupid. Come to think about it, the original Star Wars were made on a "lunch for money", and look where George Lucas got! However, starting with the first scene, disappointment began to surround me as if I had approached too much of Black Thing as I straightened. <br /> <br /> In the same way that Greedo's filming became for the first time the symbol of the special Star Wars Special edition of 1997 (a monumental disaster involving an unhappy director, making some hidden changes in a classic lover ) Mrs. Whatsit has officially become my personal symbol for confusion and stupidity that is a lifting in time. The reason for this is that it has been moved beyond faith. Aside from the slightly controversial decision to chase Alfred Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio), our favorite role in love, the filmmakers decided to portray it as a crow. That's right, a crow. In addition, the heavenly centaurian form of this beloved character has been hacked by what appears to be an 8-year dementia; the largest half man, half a horse with wings has become a huge human head with a creepy smile, strangely mounted on the bow with a horse that happens to sport a pair of wings in the middle. If I was five, that would have traumatized my psyche for life. The worst part is that when she spoke, she was pointed out from the back to avoid responsibility for the synchronization of the lips, resulting in a scene that was spent looking at the back of her head and seeing a unique, uncluttered cheek, the piece of special effects less credible than ET <br /> <br /> Once I get the most painful part of the road, I have to go to the tear induction: the characters, the act and the story. Personally, I've always imagined Meg to look something like Myrtle Moaning in Harry Potter movies: simple hair, glasses and a figure that most supermodels would find ridiculous. He was always a genius of mathematicians, slightly impatient, pessimistic, who simply could not care less about Nicaragua's imports and exports. In the film, it is an unpleasant knowledge for which I have no sympathy. In fact, it makes me feel sorry for the poor Jenkins, the school principal who is dealing with her. Calvin, the good, intelligent child, whom everybody thinks a jock, has become a jock! Irony is horrible. As for the memorable Happy Environment, they took an old woman who liked to look at happy things and replaced her with a being "above the genre" and likes to look at "funny" things like girls falling from the swings. The only three people who can think of who have made a decent job are Charles Wallace, Mrs. Whatsit and Red-Eye Man (nicknamed "The Dude With Red Eyes") due to his complete reinventing as a character. <br /> The story is a mess. A good comparison to this aspect of the film is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, who did not do a good job of resuming the story found in the book, but kept the uniqueness of the original work. Here, the foot of the book has a pleasant conversation with Hades in the underworld, apparently without knowing that his body is destroyed. As the Dark Lord completes the only as well as he has shown that the truth must be felt and unseen, the words full of clouds of Ixchel (replacing the wonderful beings who hold the Aunt Beast among their ranks) break the backbone. While the God of the Dead noticed how sublime the Earth-like terror of the Camazot, the broken pages are scattered in a storm of sand and lost in the darkness of the earth of evil. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry this movie exists. I do not think the actors were really bad. It's the way the characters are written that ruin it. A Wrinkle in Time deserves to be adapted by Lawrence Kasdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, upgraded to Industrial Light and Magic by John Williams, given his sound from Skywalker Sound, edited by THX and marketed by Twentieth Century Fox. In its current state, the film is not worthy of being shown to people who respect themselves. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was good, the movie was bad, and Mrs. Whatsit was ugly. Score: 0.1 / 10 (If I could) <br /> <br /> They got the correct name. <br /> <br /> Proverbs: <br /> <br /> He had horrible problems with Cliffs Adaptation Notes, scenario, acting and special effects, not to mention the lack of evidence that you have ever read the book . The cover / master poster has a picture of the three main characters who are riding a flying horse over a castle. Some might say that this symbolizes the high adventure. They say it symbolizes the irresponsibility of the cover artist who did not even bother properly on the Photoshop Meg arm.
