(this may be a bit on the spoilerish side) I would like to start by saying that I did not watch the whole movie or because it was obvious from the first hour that I would be incredibly disappointed. This is, of course, the issue with taking, which many think is an amazing book and turning it into a Disney Made-for-TV movie. A Wrinkle in Time should have been done in a stunning movie a long time ago. It has a great story that could create children and adults. Plus it was built further. But Disney's speech was not the way to go. The problem with the movie is that all the things they have changed, turning it into a visual story, have made it fall to what was so wonderful about the book. It's a complicated and emotional story for kids. There was no reason to make Charles Wallace purely "psychic," because it was the easiest way to explain it. There was no reason to write a fight between the three ladies W as an added tension, there is plenty of tension in the story without it. There was no reason to remove Meg's glasses ... which deprived us of what could have been a very sweet scene between Calvin and Meg that happens in the book. , but I also think that bigger things like the art direction was an off. Take, for example, the way they did Camazotz with his strangely dark sky. The perfection that appears in the book is that Camazotz could be Earth. It resembles the earth. He has people that look like people. The sky is blue, the grass is green and the children are playing. But something is a bit off. The directors chose to make Camazotz another complete, instead of taking the lesson from the book and applying it to the general direction of the film. The lesson, of course, is that Camazotz could be very good Earth, that is, if we forget how to love. It would have been more creepy to have a nice afternoon as I walk up the street, with the kids jumping the balls at the same pace. Unfortunately, I did not look at the end. Maybe somebody can tell me how Disney has gone all the way, too. <br /> <br /> In general, an artistic disappointment. <br /> <br />
