At the beginning of the movie, you can double-check the DVD cover and read the synopsis a few times, but do not worry. It's not "The Memoirs of a Geisha" that you've bought; just a movie with an intro that is more elegant and elegant than it has the right to be. However, opening is by far the best thing about the entire film, because it shows that in 1840 a samurai sword master catches his wife by adultery. Decapitalize the two lovers before making hara-kiri (ritual suicide by dismemberment). Sacked at the moment when the US Ambassador to Japan greets a friendly family and leads them to the same house where the abbey mentioned above took place almost a century and a half ago. From that moment on, it becomes a seemingly ordinary movie of a haunted house, but the totally delayed and implausible scenario still makes it somewhat exceptional. Let's start with the good aspects, namely the original Japanese setting and the presence of delicious Susan George, which is preferred by all British horror times (well, along with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). Bad issues simply include the fact that the screenplay is incoherent, imbecile beyond repairs, and full of overturns that are supposed to be disturbing that only evoke laughter. The unsettled spirits of the house soon begin to entertain themselves by perpetuating the bodies of the new tenants and making them do and say all sorts of crazy things. The spirit of the massacred adult woman is especially pleased with Susan's prey and transformation into a delicate seduction! In this "possessed" state, it even attracts the American ambassador out to have sex in the garden of a high society party full of prominent guests. So strictly speaking, it is not really "bad" living in the house; just a trio of slow ghosts, dirty minds and too much free time on their long dead hands! Obviously, these scenes are more comical than frightening, especially since the blue and transparent forms remind you of the ghostly effects of ghosts that were later popularized in "Ghostbusters." "The House of Evil" is probably the least scary ghost film ever. Over the course of most of the time, you'll be wondering if director Kevin Connor (who still made the horror films "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") deliberately wanted to make his movie fun too such as the "Hell Motel". But again, everyone in the distribution continues to speak their lines with a straight and sincere face, so I think we still need to take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The House of Evil" is never suspenseful or even exciting from a distance and does not even contain fat images outside the massacre from the beginning. I am fully aware of how superficial it sounds, but the two scenes in which Susan George goes topless are the only true highlights. Well, and can also invasion of large and ridiculous large spiders (or are crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. How totally random and irrelevant was that? If you want to give this film a chance, despite its bad reputation, make sure you leave your sense and reason at the door of the house. Thriller Thriller Things: Keep an open eye for the demon-mask that was also a pivotal piece of scenery in the brilliant Japanese horror classic Onibaba.
