I do not think anyone sitting to see this movie would expect something to appear like a classic ghost story, but you have to ask when it's over if you've ever been scared. This does not really work at that level, but the cast is trying hard and the movie does not move on one of these happy endings. The story relates to an American couple traveling to Kyoto, Japan, so that Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) can write a book and bring his wife Laura (Susan George) and their daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their friend, Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works at the American Consulate, helps them find a place to live in, and he finds a haunted man. Approximately 140 years earlier in the same house, a samurai found his wife deceiving him and killing both of them and then committing suicide. Their ghosts still live in the house, and when Fletcher arrives, it does not take long before strange things start happening. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Sometimes ghosts live in Fletcher's bodies and begin to behave as the Japanese people have been before and Laura begins to flirt with Alex, which leads to an adventure. Meanwhile, Ted begins to behave more strictly, and after pouring soup into Amy's neck, he goes to ask a monk for help. Unfortunately, the ghosts make Ted, Laura, and Alex sing the scene of death as it happened 140 years ago. This film was directed by Kevin Connor, known as a good television director, but did horror and science fiction before and collaborated with McClure on some of them. While this never comes to be scary or to develop the atmosphere, it has two things that I liked. First, it does not have one of those sappy terms that couples embrace after defeating the demons. Instead, it ends in a very bloody battle, in which everyone gives up the evil of ghosts. Second, she has Susan George in the cast! I have always been a fan of her, even though she has mostly appeared schlock, but her performances are always top notch. She also usually appears nude she does here in two separate scenes and, while she does not have classical features, she has a unique tomboy look for her and is one of the reasons why she was so popular. But after appearing in foolish movies, I think it has led to her getting out of business or sporadic work. This is not a bad movie, but it is never convincing and watching scurry ghosts around when Monk offers an exorcism is basically worthy of a chicot or two. The conclusion is that this is bad and I hope George decides to take up his career.
