The film opens with a peaceful shooting of a traditional Japanese house, completely covered with strawberries, which is on the shore of a small hill and a legend appears on the screen that reads "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840". A young Samurai Japanese participant named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) headed for the house, Otami (Mako Hattori), with whom he has an affair with his husband, Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki), is Masanori's teacher . Shugoro arrives unexpectedly at home to find his wife and student with very intimate relationships between them. His honor destroyed the fiery Samurai, the brutal murder of Otami and Masanori before he committed suicide. Around a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan in a working celebration with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their father Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend, Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), working for the American consulate, helps them find a place to stay, you do not need me for you! He says in jest that he is so cheap because he is haunted, to which both Ted and Laura laugh because obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for the moment. Almost immediately the movie enters the cliché mode. The lights turn on and stop alone, and Laura has an uneasy feeling about this place, and a local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa) gives him a terrible warning that they leave before they are too late to ignore, of course . The spirits of Otami, Masanori, and Shugoro were eternally doomed to remain inside the walls of the house due to the curse of Majyo Witches (Tsuyako Olajima) put on them. But there might be a way they can break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family, it could cost their marriage, daughter and eventually their life. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor I thought it was a fairly average film, OK to look once if you have nothing better to do but after a day or two you probably forgot completely. Nothing is remembered as particularly bad, but on the other hand there is nothing particularly good about the film. Robert Suhosky's script from James Hardiman's novel is a little boring and strictly by numbers, a lot of ghostly discoveries that happen throughout the movie, but none is very interesting or interesting, the direction does not help things. There are some stupid sequences like giant plastic crabs trying to get Amy and her babiographer, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there is a scene where the monk Zen exorcises the house and the ghosts are being pushed out, unable to return yet, until Ted simply opens the door and goes back, some exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure who was 47 when he did that, try his hand at Kung Fu and fight the Oriental Sword! George has been making his breasts countless times, including a very neuronal sexual scene with McClure, although a lot of pain and a few bed sheets stick to them as a super glue to make sure there is no more nudity under his waist. Apart from a few screams on the screen, there is no blood, gore, or violence to talk about. The "transparent" phantom effects are OK, but they will not impress many people these days. It's quite professionally done and looks pretty nice, but the potential in Japanese setting and myths is scattered that this movie could have been set in America, England or any Western country without having to change anything. A trick of time.
