Director Kevin Connor and Wannabe action-hero / romantic lead Doug McClure, re-teaming in this ghost story set in Japan. They had a moderate success together in the '70s with "The Land That Time Forgot" (1975), "At the Earth's Core" (1976), etc. Without plastic monsters that bear narrative results are weak and derived in the hornest way. The film begins with a prologue set in the nineteenth century, with a samurai husband killing his wife and her lover before committing suicide. A move forward to the present introduces the young married Ted & Laura, who visits Japan and moves to the house where the tragedy took place. There are no surprises as to what is happening next, the spirits of the dead starting to take over the new inhabitant family friend Alex (McClure), who assumes the role of wife's lover. Everything rumbles unbounded, along with the elegance and grace of a loading elephant, to an inevitable conclusion. The main points of interest are two poor decapitations ("Omen has a lot to respond to promoting this as a standard horror piece), and love scenes with Susan George." The first is a long inspired play "Do not Look At Now" with her music full of music, the second, much shorter (probably at her insistence) tangle with McClure, both looking quite uncomfortable. However, each cloud has a silver lining and both scenes show her fantastic performances, so In general, I can not decide if the "House where Evil Dwells" is garbage, garbage observable, or fun in a masochistic way.If you are not that kind, there is nothing here, but for fans of horror, it's probably enough to provoke the strange rye smile and appreciation of the effort. <br /> <br /> BEST SCENE - In any other movie, big black, black mechanics, climbing, Japanese, would have stolen the show. they are eclipsed by the legendary family table scene, where a ghostly head appears in the daughter soup. When I see this occurrence, she asks what kind of soup is (!!!!) to be called beef and veg, before saying the immortal line "Ugh - is a terrible face in my soup". If this was not enough, the answer is "Bring your soup food to your dad." Laurel & Hardy rest in pieces.
