Well, you have: Penelope Keith as Miss Herringbone-Tweed, B.B.E. (The Spines of England.) She was killed in the first scene - so, folks; this show has no backbone! Peter O'Toole as Ol 'Colonel Cricket from the First War and now the master of Manor. <br /> <br /> Joanna Lumley as cute lady of the Manor, 20 years younger than Colonel and 20 years later but still glamorous (British spelling, not mine), enough to have a playful on the side. It's okay, they have the full knowledge and consent of Col. Cricket (they even come for "Christmas!") However, she is sufficient for the colonel to tell the child of his age (what is gal!) David McCallum said the toy, as useless of glamor as his squeeze. Pilcher was unable to give any cover in the story, so he gave him a job at Circus. Ultimately: Susan Hampshire Miss Poland Teacups, the venerable priest of the Venerable Girls' Aging School, who serves tea in her office with deep and lively advice in the outer world, before graduation. The best advice: "I was just at Nancherrow (the National House of England) once. I thought it was very beautiful, but in a way, it's not part of the real world." Well, we can not say they did not warn us. Susan was the time, your character would have led the entire show. I do not write them anymore. Our loss, not yours. <br /> <br /> So with a cast and such a script, you have Brideshead Revisited re-education, right? Wrong! They took these 1-dimensional support roles because they paid so well. After all, the action is one of the oldest temp-jobs you have (YOU are called another!) The first warning sign: a lot of background lights. It's spinning outdoors - "hey, it's just sunlight!" The second warning signal: Lady Leading is crying a lot. When she does not cry, her eyes are easy. This is Romantic Roman Law: Leading Lady is "red-eye". <br /> <br /> From now on, Lady Leading will be known as LL <br /> <br /> The third warning sign: LL actually has stars in her eyes when she is in love. Still, I will give Emily Mortimer a prize because she has to look in the eye (I wonder, did they use contacts?) And finally, the fourth warning signal: not on the screen the female character is "the lady" She is "Miss" or "Lady." When everything has been said and done, I still can not tell who is following who and why. I could not even tell you what was said and done. To summarize, everyone lives during the Second World War without anything happening to them at all. OK, at the end, LL will find that he has lost his parents in prison camps in Japan, and the child is back home catatonically. Meanwhile (there is always a "meanwhile"), a young guy he had a passion (when, I do not know) comes home from a tough spot of war and finds himself lived on the street by the street Lady of the Manor if SHE will find it there). Both war victims are removed to recover at Nancherrow (URMAT must be "removed" in some love stories!) Great drama.
