I have seen the Gator Bait movies and this is almost the same thing as those. A woman is sexually assaulted by a group of degenerate men and systematically exaggerates the vicious revenge on each of them. The thing that puts this film apart from those (though not very far) is that sexual content is not glorified. There is complete front nudity several times throughout the movie, but not for a second is ever sexy. Some of the scenes of rape might seem a bit widespread, but that's just because the movie is trying to reinforce the public's need to see this woman look for revenge. <br /> <br /> This is a poor film, it has no other way to maintain another interest than manipulating our natural desire to see this woman take revenge on her attackers. Spit on your grave is not the kind of movie you expect to offer a serious moral, but I was pleased to see that, since it contained a significant amount of violence against female lead, it was not meant to pass T & a movie. <br /> <br /> B-movies are known to be driven by nudity and under the control of adolescent sexuality, and while I spit on the grave You are unmistakable a B movie and contain more than its nudity share , nudity does not lead the plot. On the other hand, the only thing leading the plot is a naked need for revenge against a group of rapists. These people are evolutionary drop-out just like they were in Gator Bait, and the greatest challenge for writers seems to have been to come up with new and exciting ways to kill them, but the reason why the movie can not be anything more than a meaningless B-movie is due to the fact that it does not give a message of any kind, but simply satisfies the public's desire to see a bunch of rapists get exactly what they deserve. <br /> <br /> The only problem we have is that we have to be through sexual attacks. Strangely, the first half of the movie is the part that contains the most nudity (though not long), but it is by far the most painful to watch. We can even escape a little as we look at the woman for revenge, because some of the deaths were so elaborate that they were obviously impossible (it seems lucky that the guy at the end felt such an overwhelming desire to embrace the engine on the boat and the pressing of the genitals against the propeller, thus remaining while the woman yells a few final words to him and pulls the cable), but again, this film satisfies only the desire for vengeance that the first half of the year filled us up. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) Do you know that this is all about the movie, since it literally ends when the last guy is killed. The woman does not live happily ever after, she does not write her book, she does not go away and never returns to that nightmare place, she gets only in the boat and the engines around the lake, while the film just stops in his footsteps . But what are you waiting for? Oh, and you read the slogan? If you decide to waste your time by following this, try to find a man that is destroyed or burned. I was really looking forward to these ??
