Only what the producers of this appalling adaptation are trying to do is impossible to understand. A group of top-quality actors in the main films (with some notable exceptions), who perform quite well. Penelope Keith is perfect as Aunt Louise and as good is Joanna Lumley as Diana. Everything does well with the scripts that have been given to them. <br /> <br /> So much for good. Media would include sets. Nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book, although the bizarre house I use for Casa Dower looks remarkable. It is clear that the House Dower is too big. In later parts, the writers decided to bring the whole story back to the UK, probably to save money, although with little imagination I have no doubt that it could have created Ceylon again. . Scenario. This is such a terrible adaptation evil is hard to find words to condemn it. Edward does not die in the battle of Britain, but survives, blindly. He makes a brief appearance, then suicides - why? Loveday has changed from a young woman totally in love with Gus to a wife of a sensitive farmer who can give up her love with a bare tear (less emotional than a brief encounter). Gus, a man who is stubborn and passionate about love, is ready to give up his love without complaint. Walter (Mudge in the book) turns from a loyal husband to a devoted family man. Jess is transformed into a psychological troubled woman who will not speak. Aunt Biddy still has a drink problem, but now without any justification. House Dower is occupied by the army for no apparent reason, other than a very short scene with Jess, who has the fear of armed soldiers. While Miss Mortimer's breasts are absolutely delightful, I could not see how the screen is displayed on several occasions. Unlimited called Nettlebed becomes worldly Dobson. The deadline limits me from continuing the list. There is a continuation (which I have lost all interest in pursuing after this nonsense) and I wonder if the changes were made to create the next story. It is hard to imagine that Rosamund Pilcher would have approved this grotesque perversion of his book; he probably lost control when the rights were bought.
