I will not bother with a synopsis, since you know what the film is about and there is almost no plot anyway. I have seen some reviewers call ISOYG an "anti-rape" film or even a feminist statement, and I just have to worry about the gossip hypocrisy of these statements. First, what do we see on the cover of this movie? That's right, a beautiful woman behind her. Whether it was Zarchi's attempt to make an anti-rape statement - and I do not think he was - is entirely out of the box. The film promotes sex and sexual assault, and the material is so graphic (everything, but real penetration is shown) that NO, but the mass of exploitation of the hard core will enjoy it. ) in the movie is awkward, brutal and hard to follow. There is something to say because he presented horrible crime in such a brutal light, but there was no reason for this scene to continue for a seemingly 30-minute period, none. There has also been a development of the victim's small character and only one of the rapists is easily developed (just moments before being killed) so the scene is not at all attractive at an emotional level. Indeed, it is only shown to show extreme sexual violence and you can say through movies that ISOYG is associated with IMDb (Caligula, Cannibal Ferox, etc.) that it only attracts the crowd of exploitation. Finally, several commentators have appreciated Zarchi's documentary style and lack of a soundtrack. But considering how inept everything else is in the movie (action, script, etc.), I think these are financial decisions, and the film looks like a documentary because it literally stays a room and lets its pornography actors do their job . /> <br /> I will not take everything on my high horse talking about ISOYG content. I'm all for exploitation / horror and love video nasties. Actually, I give this movie three stars just because it really pushes the envelope much more than other movies. However, it is also poorly executed after rape, it only appears boring for the rest of the movie, as we look at a bunch of ho-hum, generally murder, and waiting for the credits to roll. It's probably worth looking once if you're a fan of exploitation in the 1970's, but I'm telling you that the movie is generally pretty bad and it's not really worth the notorious reputation.
