Dear dear sweetheart ... dear! I had the power to see it through ... But why? The first two movies in which fun and actually somehow good. But it's so bad we had trouble seeing everything. It was kind of a baby's tremor. I can not believe that this movie was made at all, resembles the props if they were taken from some evil living series of a kind (for children) and they did everything they could with it. for the public is this movie? I can only think about ages 12-14. If you are over 14, you will have serious issues with this movie. Not only is it slow but it is so boring. The characters are overexposed (not just a little) and stereotypes are fun for a while ... but not long enough to make you want to throw red on the screen. You know everything that's going to happen, yes ... you saw it a thousand times earlier in the series of children's TV heroes. We chose all the survivors and all the shaking feed, the second character introduced. It's so bad ... so bad ... so ... carp. But OK, I laughed again and again. Not just the stupid plot holes, but also some scenes worth a replica or two ... or a scene that is, if two baby shakes are thrown at one of the types of obvious feed tremors. It's really a great scene that made us repeat it again and again and laugh with all our heart. It still makes me stutter when I think about it. But that happened once again unfortunately ... and when the "badass" armband appears and surpasses its role in a wonderful way ... and a single comment "They spring from the ground like DEMONTIES!" At this point, we almost cry from laughter. But then ... nothing could be as important as .. (?) .. so it's pretty much down there. <br /> <br /> So the charts here are demonic and overcrowded trout. If someone ever tells you it's a good movie ... it's either a plant, a vegetable or someone very bad. This movie must be the worst of the tremors far. Looking forward to seeing Tremors 3, he's bound to be hit by the box office compared to this ... this ... * goosebumps * no .. I'll let it go.
