OK, I know a lot of people will probably upset about this review, because Watership Down is a "classic" and a standard part of the childhood of most people, but seeing this film for the first time at the age of 18, I must admit: I have forgotten them very much. I watched this movie because my sister read the book and really enjoyed it, and many people who even cried the words "Watership Down" - their memories of seeing the film as children and having their emotions broken to seams - recommended -a. To be honest, I wish I did not bother. I gave her the benefit of doubt; Generally, I do not like to stop watching a movie by half. It was an exception. It was indeed, really, boring, boring. This movie was probably the slowest thing I've ever watched (imagine a snail doped-up in space) and really did not. Art was fine; the backgrounds were made nice, if not slightly gentle and twee, yet the rabbits themselves were not very in love, and the animation was quite salty and was badly produced. I will not go into huge details about the story; in principle, is the story of a group of rabbits who leave their war because of the infiltration of people in the area. Generally, a moralist story about the dangers of human interactions over the environment, uses anthropomorphic rabbits to put the message over. For me, I wanted them to be found, not because I am a horizontal sadist, but because the characters were uninspiring, annoying, boring, and generally quite rude (oh, I'm so great about English) . I found that I was constantly watching my watch while watching the movie, and it lasted about 20 minutes before anything happened and even a terrible anticlimax. If I want to praise in any way, I have to admit that the concept of showing children the dangers of building the countryside and, hopefully, of revealing people's arrogance etc is quite well understood. Perhaps it is generally holiness and sermon, but the message it is trying to do is good in its nature. The musical score was not bad, too. So to finish, this movie is pretty poor. I could not look at everything, or I probably would have to eat my feet in boredom. However, it is not "Torque" bad, but it's still not very rare in my eyes, so I gave it 2/10. I hope this will be helpful.
