Did I get into something or is the bad smell coming from Daybreak 1 + 2? Was God behind everyone? What does God have with Sci-Fi? God is just the answer when you can not think of a sensible explanation for something. In fact, this is precisely the problem with the end of the series - they obviously could not think sensible explanations for the multitude of big questions that were raised throughout the series, such as how Kara Thrace returns from the dead to a new viper, in which her old viper and the body of coal have ended on Earth 2, why Baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head, why 6 has an imaginary Baltar in his head, etc., so he explains it with "angels" or just no- explaining it to all. The land of the last two episodes had holes big enough to fly through Basestar. For example, why Galactica and crew members are on a suicide mission to save a girl (Hera), especially after Adama said he would not have tried a rescue? Because they found the location of the Cylon base? There's no good reason to sacrifice crew lives. And how did Anders know the location? And what was the point of reviewing the lives of major characters before the war? It's as if they forgot to do it earlier, so they threw something at the last minute. The people who wrote the last two episodes could not have been the same writers who created what had been a sensational series so far. It feels that the writing of the script was taken over by evangelical Christians on a mission to spread the "Word". Forget about the attempt to link the loose ends of the plot, the important message the writers wished to overcome is: do not put your faith in technology as it will lead to your destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (hard luck if you have a medical condition that requires medical treatment). Imagine in the final movie of the Star Wars series telling you there is no "force" ... a Jedi takes its power from Jesus. Then the ships fly in the nearest star and live in the woods with the Ewoki. Would that be a good end? It's not frakken "it would not be.
