There are many good things about the new BSG: there are multiple Cylon roles for models 8 and 6, for example, which the two actresses played superbly. There is the old school of industrial design onboard Galactica ("My ship will not be in the net, over my dead body!") Also, all space battles, special effects (even if the sci-fi supervisor will recognize the cartoon everything) Darkness characters, their essentially flawed nature. That makes the more sad that the end was so childish. Yes, the first part, the scenes from space, the Cylon raid, and all that was good. But is the mush? I always watch movies and shows nowadays with the hidden timer, so I do not know how long I've stayed until the end. So, for me, it was a kind of special torture to see that the end is always happening. Every time I think, that's the final scene, the final shot, I still have one. Each frakking character has finished! That was not really necessary. What really highlighted the school amateur of everyone: the scenes of the young Roslin. Why is it important for us to know that {a} lost his sisters and father in a terrible accident and {b} he has a one-night visit with a former student / student? What's the story? Where was the connection? Now, I'm all for a more European-style approach, and random acts of indifference in movies and shows, and all of this, but this was just ridiculous. This has not brought anything to the story. I also saw "Last Frakkin Special", and in it Ron revealed his own impatience with the plot: he could not come up with a good end for the story, so ... he did not do it ! It's never so much about the characters the last episode has made. The whole idea of ​​"thousands of years in the past," the Eve mitochondrial work, was also used in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, and believe me there are a lot of BSG observers who know this H2G2 story. And talking about Hera, there is now a story that did not work well, AT ALL. Instead, we take Roslin his former student, 20 years younger. Do not get me wrong, I'm for older women with younger men. More power for them. But this ... does not make any sense. On the whole, this series is as erroneous as the characters intended to be. This is even the case for the last episode. I hope Lost and 24 better with their final series.
