The 1930s saw a vogue for documentary films about the distant corners of the world, focusing on wild animals, exotic lands, and primitive people with unusual cultures. Despite the logistics of transporting a film crew in a distant and dangerous place, and then bringing them back to life (with the movie), such films were often much cheaper than traditional Hollywood ... because they were not expensive suits or high cost costumes. The most successful filmmakers (from an artistic and financial point of view) were Martin E. Johnson's team and his wife Osa, who made several documentaries (sometimes with events obviously organized) in Africa and Asia. Johnsons' safari movies were extremely popular, inspiring more parodies ... especially "This is Africa," in which very cute Esther Muir plays a character named Mrs. Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E Johnson, geddit?). Although some other filmmakers produced safari documentaries at this time, Johnsons' films were the most popular in this genre because they relied heavily on humor. Viewed from our brighter point of view (hopefully), this is a serious flaw in Johnsons' documentaries: there are too many scenes where funny, brown or yellow people are made to look like complete idiots, slightly disregarded by intelligent white bwana Johnson and His wife. A clear advantage of these films is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she seems to be young enough to be his daughter. Although she is not as appealing as Esther Muir, the blonde Esther Muir, Oss Johnson was a pert brunette who played performances in front of the camera in all the films she co-produced with her husband. Congorilla is probably the best of Johnsons' movies. Congolese photographs are interesting and have historical value as a proof that this medium was similar in 1930. Pygmies and other locals are also interesting, though they suffer from Johnsons' inclination to hold events in a way that makes natives look "savage" and strangers. The best (and funniest) scene in "Congorilla" is an improvised sequence in which Johnson tries to teach a jazz dance to some female women. (Dancing is Black Bottom, no less ... the same dance that famous Bob Hope learned Daisy and Violet Hilton, the Siamese Twins.) Wearing jodhpurs, riding boots, and a melding helmet, Johnson's Oss begins to sing singing in while she makes tall steps and hits her knees in an attempt to teach this dance to African women. Meanwhile, they sit there looking at them, apparently wondering what this crazy woman is trying to do. It's a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant subtleties. Johnson's ax is to make a dance that was invented by black Americans: the implication seems to be that African blacks should be instinctively able to perform this dance after a short demonstration (using natural rhythm, I guess) because it's in their blood, or something. <br /> <br /> I will evaluate "Congorilla" 4 out of 10. This film tells a bit about African life in the 1930s and more about American cultural perceptions in the same decade.
