"Victor Vargas's Lift" is one of those bright, family-friendly movies you can watch and simultaneously make the crossword in the New York Times. And if you want to go to the kitchen for a taco and a Corona, you do not have to "pause" the DVD. Let her roll, because you will not lose anything really important. No twists, turns or tensions. It's not an ethnic film, it's a film about a poor immigrant family who is meeting Latino. It could have been any ethnic group. It made very little difference. I have seen it quite a few times before. Just connect a family of Jews, an Italian family, a Black family, or an Irish family. Only accents and names were different. If the Vargas family was called Bush or Clinton and it was Presbyterian, the movie would have been a total snooze. <br /> <br /> It's funny that the critics here could not get the direct location. Some said it was Spanish Harlem. Some Bronx and another Brooklyn. As a New Yorker throughout my life, I vote for the East East Side. And it seemed that the family had never met anyone except the other Latins. They lived in a small isolated / enclave enclave. Some interactions with non-Latines would have created some emotions, interests or tensions. Remember the West Side story? And now for critically acclaimed cinema. I do not know if it was my TV or what, but all the photos from the inside looked very nice to me. Apt, the furniture and the faces were all ORANGE. What should this mean? And apt. She looked pretty horrified for me. Someone mentioned here that the old apartments had very large rooms. Maybe 50 years ago. What the owners have done is to destroy a large one in two or three very small and to gather as many immigrants as possible into them. <br /> <br /> And another annoying thing .... This is the second family movie I've seen and criticized this week, which included a teenage boy jerking off. Is this private sex act necessary to follow us? Please, spare me! What about these directors? <br /> <br /> So "Victor Vargas" is a nice little movie. It was nice for a change to see young Latino actors gave a break and a chance to show their talents what they did. But the writers have left them down, giving them a flat and unspectacular script to work with. Enjoy the show, but keep your fingers near the "forward" button.
