This is not a movie that you can really analyze separately from its production. The audience has become an unprecedented film in the history of the American cinema industry; we felt so involved that watching it becomes like watching a friend's work. How can you be objective? This is our movie, is not it? Or is it? There can be nothing more dissimilar than a filmmaker who promotes himself as a friend of the audience, giving them all the treatments that nannyish critics would deny. Look at that first self-publisher Eli Roth, promising the gore-hounds all the viscera missing from the horror films literally, just creating a wet and technically incompetent work like "Hostel". /> David R. Ellis may not have given birth to a monster who was the answer to his movie on the internet, but he was, quite understandably, to engage with him. He took the carnival-huckster shooting school to a new level, bringing fans to build what they would eventually buy. So many have excited about this interactive and democratic approach to the film that they seem to have missed the point - that this is the most cynical form of cinema. Nothing is included in the fact that film producers know that fans will not buy, and any old suggestion that will get sticks on the seats is embedded. The fact that the land has become the title tells you everything you need to know. Is not this just the evolution of the focus group approach? Individual creativity, talent, craft, ideas are all sacrificed to the madness of marshlands. It is common for focus groups and test projections not to make good movies - why should preemptive Internet enthusiasts be different? Because we're fans of the movie? Well, thank God for us, because otherwise we might not have seen an elderly woman take her nipple bitten by a snake. So, yes, I had fun at the movie - one midnight in the pub and one ice bucket - but it really had little to do with the movie and pretty much to do with the atmosphere. Like Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun, no matter what. It was laughing, but I do not know if it was with his movie or the movie. With a movie like this, is it even a significant distinction? There are some really good aspects of the movie. Samuel L. Jackson offers a well-judged performance, a pure self-parody, but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited roles and there are one or two inspired moments - the dog's fate is a really funny black comedy that the rest of the film fails to imitate. Stocks of characters are expected, but the total lack of suspense is not. What is the purpose of a movie that combines two great phobias, if there is no leakage threat? There are several moments of snake-jumps, but they are incredibly badly organized. Only the annoying British man has a decent death-pulp scene - the other crimes are weird. The death of the honeymoon couple, for example, is ashamed of shame. Most actors fail to make an impression; it's a shame that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies should look so tired (when she tells the two kids to close their eyes and claim that the turbulent flight is a roller coaster, they could talk to the audience - the movie is too short). <br /> <br /> There are worse movies, but there are many, many better; another reviewer on this site compared this movie to "Lake Placid," and is as much appreciated as anything I think. The movie worked so magnificently, because the performances were excellent, the jokes were funny, the suspense sequences were scary and were not elaborated by the committee. That the characters had a small depth, and shading was an unexpected bonus. I do not need a midnight midnight to show you good time with this movie. This movie will disappear over time to become a simple footnote in the history of the film. If a precedent is established, however, I am very worried about what our screens could pass in a few years. Probably not much will come from it. Popular Popcorn winners - "Raiders of the Ark Lost", "Alien", "Halloween" and, of course, "Star Wars" - are not produced by the group. I'll tell you what ... I did not have a half-wish for an Ingmar Bergman.
