Oh Dear Sir, how has any part of this movie ever been approved on anyone? Mix the cheese from start to finish, but it's not even a good cheese. It is the most expensive, smelt, and devoid of cheese, and I can not believe there is anyone who really enjoyed it. Yes, if you saw it with a load of friendly friends, then some bits might be fun in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience, the only fun parts are when the group of friends say throws popcorn and abusive insults to one another and the screen. I watched her with a laughing boy, having some beers ready to change his mind for the anticipated stupidity of the movie. We have crapness (a lot of it), but not chicoteli. He does not even qualify as a good movie. It's simply bad. Very bad. That's why (watch if you're spoilerofob): The movie starts with a guy who beats another guy to death. Okay, I was a few minutes late, so I do not know why it was, but I think I understand that "this guy is a little bad you do not want to do with the message" behind the ingenious scene. Oh, and a guy. So, we already have the evil and bad guy, but nice (apparently) good. Cue Hero. Big Sam comes out on the stage, saving a normally inappropriate guy that only poor action movies can do, that is, Hero is immune to bullets, everybody falls over badly. Cue the first hole in the plot. How damn the blood Sammy knew where this guy was, or he tracked the crime. Maybe this, and the answers to all the questions about the plot-hole, were explained in the 2 minutes before going to the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I will stop seeing the holes in the plot right here, not to make the film something like champagne cheese (which we all know is a good cheese). So "plot" (a very generous word to use). The boy must get to LA, the bad guy would prefer not to, Hero Sam is between the two. Landscape Cue for the next hour of inducement - the passenger plane. As I said, I'm not going to plot holes, I'll leave it there. The passenger plane. Then, the vital ingredient that's so far missing from this film's jewel and what makes it all - Snakes. Hurray! Pause. First we introduce all the mandatory characters that a blade movie must have. Hot, excited couple (see if you can guess how they will die), dead-before-any-snakes-even-appears British guy (those Britons, eh?), Cute Kids, and Jo Brand. For all Americans, she is an English comic renowned for its size and unattractiveness. Now, when I met the play, we watch everybody die (except, of course, cute kids). You do not expect anything original, but just snake bites on different and increasingly hilarious (not really) parts of the body. Use your imagination, since movie producers have not used it obviously. <br /> <br /> So that's the biggest part of the movie wrapped, so now for the best pic, the end. As expected, everything is just as happy as the plane landing on all those who look forward and begin to suck. Yes, Ice-cool Sammy included. But wait, we are not off the plane yet! The last guy to come down is a good guy, but just like him, he's bitten by a snake (of all things) (you guessed it). Clearly, he was hiding all the time in Mr. Jackson's hair because he had managed to resist the air pressure trick the hero had hired a few minutes earlier despite the 200-foot concealer (the one who ate that boring British) being unable to. Sam shot the snake in a single shot. At this point I prayed that the film was going to make a very necessary return and reveal that everything along the hero was in fact a traitor of a sort. But no. In a kind of frosting on the cake (but with old cheese, remember), it reveals that the climax of the film involved an anti-bullet vest. How can someone believe that an audience 10 years ago, not to mention in 2006, would be impressed by their ingenuity, is beyond me, but managed to summarize the film. In fact, we are not quite done yet. After everyone has sucked his face (Uncle Sam with the top actress, a good guy with Tiffany, a black guy with a white figure and a hot couple in a heart that heats the heart of necrophilia), it's time for a good guy and a guy hero to do it. ... In Bali !!! No, it was not at all interesting, the exclamation marks were just there to represent my total joy to see the role of credit. Yes, the film's final film is a holiday trip to convey the message that a male-related event has taken place and a chance for any of the monsters who really enjoyed the movie to escape a few times. That's it. This is the first time I ever posted a review of the movie, but I felt so strong that someone had to speak against this cinematic scourge. If you like planes, snakes, Samuel L.Jackson, hosts, bad boys, surfing, dogs in bags or English, then please do not see this movie. It will pollute your opinion of all of the above so far that you will no longer want to come into contact with any of them ever. Go in instead of 93 instead. Was well.
