when we talk about a movie called "snakes on an airplane," we should point out early that the snakes are quite daring for the plot. <br /> <br /> What we have here are very bad cgi snakes that neither look nor move like real snakes. snakes are scary because they seem thin, crawl and crawl. these snakes do not do anything like that. is aligned like in a video game. are cartoon snakes. would go so far as to say that even someone who had a major phobia against true snakes would not find those scary things on earth, then would you like to include extreme close-ups of these cgi failures? why not rely on suspense ... the whole "less ethical". or better, why not just make them look good first? and then you can even use them easily. Look at John's carpenters "the stuff". here we have real storms and gore of strange proportions. 20 years pass, and we get this bunch of shit snakes with a plane. "When these people wake up and smell the coffee, special effects go back, sure you could say .. but the movie is a joke, you understand I'm sure I'm with this idea but do it well! In addition to the above, this movie has a stupid dialogue, and the music and sound effects are not creepy or memorable in any way. it's every actor who's part of this movie, except Jackson, what did he do? The man who played in pulp fiction 10 years ago is this evolution of his career? give people value for money? No. I'd like to know what Tarantino thought when he was halfway through this movie, the current generation seems to have very low expectations, and Hollywood seems to offer them just what they want, when I left the cinema, I saw a series of ads for a few editions and the really terrible future, including ... DOA: Dead or Alive, a cgi-animated movie called "shuffled," and another comedy that looks like "click." In addition to that, I saw terrible trailers, including one for (another) British horror / comedy shit. I have not really seen the movie industry in a mess like this for a long time <br /> <br /> I expect to see this movie selling in the DVD business section for £ 1 in 6 months time. and if you expect to see a black comedy with tons of great snake and a bad cooler dialogue that comes from the lips of samuel l jacksons. forget.
