The more I analyze this movie, the worse it gets. First, why a motivational speaker? That part was just bad. I mean, why is a megaloman trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really disorganized? First, he can not decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he's looking at the Bible for ideas. Many of these ideas, I might add, have no reliability (For example, there may already have been some of the "Houses of Ishmael and Isaac will cry in terror," could have been the synagogues burned during Krystalnacht and the mosques could have been very well with the mosques blown up in Baghdad or something.) And Gillen Lane's family! They had nothing but to offer a platfrom family value and to straighten their eyes with water! I could add that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is only 20 years old (or that's the impression I had) and has a ten-year-old child, he had his child during high school. Yes, they are values ​​of the TBN family. Also, why did this movie be so propaganda? I will repeat what a previous commentator said. Indiana Jones filming uses Christian mythology as a plot and manipulates it well, so we are intoxicated. This movie does not do that. The beginning begins well, and Michael Ironsides plays a priest who kills a kind of scholar and steals the Omega Code dead code. Then, when confronted by two men, of whom they fear, obviously, the two prophets say, "Tell your lord that we are here!" Dominic (Ironsides) responds "He already knows" and points to a small surveillance room. That part sent me chills on the spine. It should just have been a scene that this movie loved. I give Michael York credit: he does a good job of acting his character, just like Michael Ironsides. But good boys are horrible. I've already been working on Lane's family Now that I'm over acting, I'll behave. This is obviously a Baptist movie because our beloved Pope of the Vatican is portrayed as an oaf. The domain of world domination that I liked and found plausible and subtle, and the sequences of action were also thrilling and well done. Also, another diatribe against the Vatican, their leaders are seen as dogmatic, because Gillen explains to the Pope that it is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new Vatican (or Israelis) also says it will separate from the World Union , because they used the Omega Code to control the world. Whoever it was would not have separated, send commandos and kill them. This is equivalent to the fact that America knows that the KGB will kill the president and simply say, "We will not talk to you again!" Come on! I enjoyed the scenes where we see the bombers headed for Israel and see them again on the monitor. Mediocre in short.
