Pretty honest, Omega Code is the worst movie I've seen for a long time. In the first 30 minutes I stood amazed in the chair, trying to decide if I should ask for a refund. But since I did not pay to see it in the first place (passages), I thought I could stay. And I did not think there could be anything worse. I will quickly pass through the weaknesses (including some spoilers): Casper Van Dien's horrible misery as Gillen Lane, a motivating speaker with two doctoral students. The characterization was inconsistent; for example, Lane, despite his credentials, is a complete nitwit. Then there appears a blade description of the fulfillment of biblical prophecy; we see a bunch of sensational news sounds, accompanied by computerized ridicule of the translated Bible code. Also terrible "action" sequences: Lane escapes from difficult situations without explanation, and this time Lane appears to be in danger, it seems to be a dream sequence! It's cute for grammar schools, but it's an inexplicable plotting device in a cinematic picture. Pacing was bad: after a long opening, the first third of the movie changes scenes every 90 seconds. Later, the pace of stimulation improves, but there is still much too much useless jumping around. And as somebody else mentioned, nobody (even Lane's little daughter) passes for years. That was disturbing. But there are some good things. Film quality (for example, lack of granularity) is high and very attractive. Outdoor photography has been well done, and shot shooting has brought realism. Also, there are some moments in the last part of the movie when Lane calls on God (in the end) to help him - this has proved to be quite funny - even to me, someone who does not accept Jesus as on a personal savior. But I liked it because it seemed to me to be the only authentic scene in the movie. Unfortunately, it was followed by major incomprehensibility. Characters, dialogue, direction, and action were ALL badly done. Michael Ironside had nothing to do, and Michael York was just strange. I think the producers wanted to do too much; if the plot were closer and more focused, and the characterization would have been more detailed, the film would have been much better. <br /> <br /> In short, the Omega Code disappoints. You certainly do not pay to see this. I give it ** out of ten stars
