I was very disappointed with this film for a few reasons. In the first half hour it's pretty decent. Although the act is not better than the one you'll find in a rap video, it's funny and the production value does not seem to be half bad. In fact, I almost thought this would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (a recent Dominican movie), which turned out to be MORE better than I expected. The movie film revolves around not only the husbands' deception, but the way women are seen and treated in the Dominican society as a whole, making it a good premise, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I do not think the producers of this film rely on the fact that a good movie is about how you treat your subject and stole the calf bosom they had before them. About 30 minutes in the film, the roles of men and women are reversed after the wife of the main characters makes a spell as a result of his deception habits. Not only is this transition going through what appears to be the top edge, the age of space, the effects of CGI dating to what the 70s are supposed to be, but the whole plot just goes down. The rest of the film is nothing but predictable, cheesy, and intelligent. To put everything on top (and I think I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **), it all turns out to be a dream. Oh, who did not see this coming? Man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie. Well, after about an hour in it I started to think "... hmmmm something just does not seem right about the sound track, but what can it be?" and then hit me half of the music in the movie was taken from a video game learned to King FIGHTER 95. When oh when when DR you give us a movie we can name an artwork! Maybe a comedy that fits with Amelie from France or a action movie to fit Ong-Bak from Thailand, an animation like Akira was in Japan, a crime thriller like Layer Cake in England or a social awakening trip Of the state. <br /> <br /> ... I would give him a 1, but I've seen a lot worse out of DR, look for Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
