Victor Vargas Raising: A Review You know, Victor Vargas's lifting is like sticking your hands in a large bowl of oatmeal. It's hot and gooey, but you're not sure if it's okay. Try how I can, no matter how hot and gooey. Victor Vargas lifting has always become aware that something was not good. Victor Vargas suffers from some supremacy from the director. Apparently, the director believed that the ethnic background of a Latino family in the east of the East and an idyllic story would prove the film critic. He was right, but he did not deceive me. Victor Vargas's lifting is the story of a seventeen-year-old boy you've guessed, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk), who lives in teen years, looking for more skirt than Rolling Stones could do in all his years of traveling. The film starts in Donna's "Ugly Fat" bedroom, where Victor is sure to seduce her, but an outside cry stops her plans when his friend Harold's best friend (Kevin Rivera) looks for him. Caught in Harold's and his sister's attempt, Victor Vargas moves away to control the damage. Still, even with the embarrassing involvement of beating the most homely girl in the neighborhood, nothing discourages young Victor from hunting for more fresh meat. On a hot day, in New York, he heads to the local public swimming pool, where Victor's eyes capture a wonderful young nud Judy (Judy Marte), who is not only beautiful but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the center of the film. The story also focuses on Victor's family, which is made up of grandmother or abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (Victor's brother, Silvestre Rasuk) and Vicky's sister (Krystal Rodriguez). Action follows Victor between scenes with Judy and scenes with his family. Victor tries to cope with the fact that he was a pimp-oversex father, his feelings for Judy, and his grandmother's conservative Catholic education. The problems that arise from Victor Vargas's Growth are a few mistakes. Throughout the movie you know certain characters such as Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy, and even Judy's best friend, Melonie. The problem is we do not know anything about Victor Vargas, except he's the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how to lick his lips, steal his chest and go for the sake of riding girls in the bag, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano and that you feel good that you could see it from the family piano awards. We know Nicki's sister, she's a loving gossip girl with an interest in watching TV. We know that Grandpa is a traditional Latina woman who is trying to raise her children into a world of excessive corruption. But where is the titular character, Victor Vargas? It's in this movie somewhere, but we know just what the film tells us. This is by far the biggest flaw in the movie. Victor Vargas is not so much a character, but a ping-pong ball that falls between scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas is. This is important because, as I mentioned, the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is an active sexually active adolescent with a Manhattan-sized libido. She's a total alpha man. Victor Vargas is not the kind of character I feel at all. Why should anyone? So by the end of the movie, after we have reached the climax, are we really convinced that Victor Vargas has reached a depth and learned the mistakes of his ways? How could such a two-dimensional character have depth? If only the director has worried a little more about fleshing his main character, instead of worrying about getting that perfect hand held shots. Victor Vargas's lifting brings to life the world in the Latino neighborhood to the big screen. Something that a few movies made in the past. The film was complimented because you feel so real, and I will not resist it. I have not seen this level of reality since CBS broadcast Survivor. Seriously, although the movie has some beautiful pictures of the city, writer / director Peter Sollett was too dependent on photos and handheld shots. This problem is especially noted in interior scenes that are so claustrophobic that I have been forced to perform deep breathing exercises to prevent passage. As the film continues, the shots become tighter and tighter, with faces cut from the forehead to the chin on the screen; you can virtually smell Victor Vargas's cheap colonies. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. The interior stairs of the apartments inside the city make them look small and cramps, which is not true. I was in those type suites; I lived in one time. They are not splendid, but have high ceilings and decent living spaces. By the standards of the film, you thought these apartments were 5x5 cells of brick and mortar, seized paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, Sollett's constant use of close and a particularly bad shot, with zoom-in on a scene, is entirely amateur. But Raising Victor Vargas is just Sollett's second film, and his most famous film, a solid film effort that we hope will be better as he continues to make movies. A review that I read summed up the film as "Ethnicity for Love of Ethnicity," and I can not agree more. If Victor Vargas really was a great movie and a great story then the applicability of the characters was not important if they were Latino, Chinese, etc. However, if you were to take this story and paste it into the middle class suburb with a bunch of teeny - The White Children of the bomb, the results would not be such shining revisions, and we'll see the film flaws more clearly. Indeed, some other aspects of Latin American use in this film bother me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are others accurate, I have to ask. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky share the same room to sleep. This gave me an alarm because it seemed to be contrary to what I believe. Any family of personality-friendly Latin would not have two older brothers to share the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother, I knew my problem was justified. Considering how old she is conservative, you'd think Vicky would be sleeping in her room. Like a Latino who grew up in a conservative Cuban household raised by my grandmother, while my mother working full time, I could refer to the film in many ways, which is why my critical points are bitter, because I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film. Perhaps because Victor Vargas reminds me of those boys who were getting out while playing with Sega Genesis when I was 17 years old. Perhaps because, without another introspection of the film, Victor Vargas is just a stereotype-blooded Latino who ends up crying to the girls in the car, "Hey bay-bee, wants to go in luv Mah-Cheen?" I do not like it anyway, so finally, how can I like a movie about him? So, if you excuse me, I'm going to get my hand in a bowl of grits. <br /> < br />
