I have never been an avid spectator of the "crocodile Hunter," but I have sometimes seen an episode or episode, and when the news of Steve Irwin's death from a stingray attack in 2006 caught my attention. This movie, with Steve and his wife, Terri playing, but in a fictional story, was released in 2002, but I did not hear of it until a few years later, and even after that, it took me something time to get around to see this. Well, now I have seen it, and after looking first here (more than once) and seeing the rating, I was not surprised at how unimpressive it turned out to be, although it could have been better. Apparently it should be a comedy, so a major problem is that it's not funny at all. An American satellite beacon falls out of space and is in Australia where it is swallowed up by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where they terrorize cattle on a farm owned by crazy Brozzie Drewitt and are unaware of what's inside, two agents CIAs are sent to Australia to recover the beacon! Agents are assisted by Jo Buckley, and the owner of the farm and her dogs can make the mission more difficult for them! On Steve's and Terri's mission, they are confronted with other dangerous wild animals, not just the crocodile, and since they have no idea that the crocorder has something unusual inside him when Steve sees the CIA agents after them , he mistakes them as poachers! <br /> <br /> Not only do I not laugh while watching this movie, the only part that made me smile was Steve Irwin using a big snake to frighten one of the CIA agents. Besides, I do not think I found anything even funny. It's also a bit of incoherent misery, going back and forth from the Australian Outback at the CIA headquarters, and it looks like clips from "Crocodile Hunter" and clips from an action thriller (or something like that ) put together for some reason. To this mix were added the ranch scenes, which also seem to be elsewhere, and as fun as Brozzie Drewitt played by Magda Szubanski, it should be, it is not. At one point, we see it furting, so we have a fart joke, a bigger cliché in the modern comedy! Is it so hard to resist? I also discovered the typical Crocodile Hunter scenes with crocodiles struggling with Steve and taking other dangerous creatures and talking about them to viewers, to be boring, but I think I've never been a devoted fan of the show did not help. <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin has been admired by many as a conservative, and unfortunately, I miss them, while there are those who say he went with nature and came to him. No matter what part you are, "Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-done film. I'm sure it helps if you're a big fan of Steve Irwin, but even if you are, there's no guarantee you want this movie because some fans have not been impressed. In fact, it seems that some of them have found that this movie is worse than me, so maybe it will not help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say whatever you might think of Steve Irwin and his show, this movie was useless. Trying to combine what is usually seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictitious story has failed, unfortunately, and a spectator can find that this movie seems longer than ninety minutes!
