When adolescents go on a truck trip, there are many cliques that you can guarantee that they will follow. 1) Adolescents will be warned not to go where they go to a mad local. Dan Van Husen deals with this with a ridiculous exposure to the deadly Sirens. What, who, how, and why they are being manipulated in an almost unintelligible explosion. 2) The wagon will break. 3) While seeking help, the group will be divided and will be removed one by one from any monster they have been warned about. 4) They will find a house inhabited by a madman, he will catch them. 5) The house will have a phone, but it will not work, it will be worryingly decorated, there will be neon lights, spiders and worms. 6) The fool will catch them while trying to run into a vehicle that will not start (here a high-speed escape has to be done on a tractor). 7) The fool will be apparently killed only to return from death for a cheap, feeble fear, and will then be killed appropriately. 8) Only a girl will be left alive in the group. 9) Finally, there will be unnecessary twist. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements the empty sirens (to which characters seem to react by amazement in different ways, despite the fact that everyone who sees them should fall in love with them immediately) who seduces and kills adolescents, the necks are broken, and the bodies are drawn in half, and you have something that looks like a twelve-year-old dream movie. I think it's fair to say that my opinion about the director and his previous work is as low as I may be, but I'm happy to point out that there are a few elements I like to enjoy and are a great improvement on the film his previous Darkhunters, which is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Sometimes the cinema is very good, music and editing are a reduction over previous movies and other low-budget horror films. I was impressed that I heard it was accomplished with one-third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst things about this movie are not found in the body of the movie, it is ultimately a slightly deviant film, if done occasionally, but among DVDs. <br /> <br /> If you rent this movie, I beg you to listen to the director's comment, it is beyond belief. There is much to say about it than the movie itself. An astonishing part of the comment is the director's claim that the film is cliché leaden because it was a preconceived idea. He says it is a deliberate attempt to use all the clichés and, openly, wonders if "people will receive it." <br /> <br /> I'm afraid to say that if this should be a smart devotee and a look at past films and gender clichés in them, then it's not enough enough scripted, it acted in a tone and no style-oriented enough to work. If this movie was made to order, it leads me to ask a question; "What was the point?" This is an affiliate that just slides directly into the canon of bad horror movies, any attempt to do something smart or different did not work. The next glitter nugget is a conversation about snobbery towards digital movies. They rightly emphasize that digital is often synonymous with the cheapness and ease of use. However, the best moment of the conversation comes when they complain that when Michael Mann makes a movie in his format is marked as a visionary. There is a simple distinction to be made here; Mann is a talented director who will use the format to fit his story and style, Roberts is a horror hack that uses it to produce inferior pictures. I think the differences are obvious, and the comparison is not only arrogant but also redundant. The best moment is reserved for Robert's comments on those who have time to review their previous movie. Those who do not like are generalized as "geeks" and go so far as to identify specific people because they have nerves to express their opinion in forums that encourage them to do that. I have to admit I was a little disappointed that the review of my last film was not made for ridicule. Tirada goes on as the group jokes about Norwegian reviewers, complete with "hilarious" accents to suggest that people in Norway would not know a good movie because of where they were born. As always, such comments say more about those who tell them than those they are targeting, they simply make the director and his friends look ignorant. The package is rounded with a good taste of how the sirens have been thrown. Robert swears blindly in his voice: "I did not want to make a movie that's like Baywatch," as we see the top and bottom girls' audition boxes that were fighting on the ground. There is also a simplistic, indulgent documentary about Darkhunters, in which Robert says a reviewer has claimed that Forest is "Best British Film for Years." I do not know who's trying to convince. At one point in the comment, Robert says in jest: "I can see the people who are at home saying" it's not amazing, it's not wrong. "
