From the start this movie was terrible! Why was it so bad? If the naked women do not only need a decent plastic surgeon, but also the dentist's expertise followed by a free Colgate whitening hand! Then he is the old guy at the gas station, who is not that crazy but more "I'm not sure how to act a lot, so I'll look straight ahead and look as stupid as I can while I pretend to cry in robotic tones about something in the forest "!! Then go back to these empty nymphs that need a remedy for gingivitis .... apparently without touching you ... and this is according to the opening scene ... they can cause an ugly rash on my neck, I assumed I'm a piece of missing meat, but it looks like it could do with some TCP to clear it up right. Then you have Sophie Holland who plays Ally, I've never seen such a baaaaaad action, she's more "me me, if I do not have fun anybody else is, and I do not want to do that so i will not be me I'm the slightest cow on the planet, I'm sarcastic, and if I do not do my things in my way, I'll suck! ", a kind of person .... I remember more than a 6 old girl's attitude. I do not think it worth mentioning the slow camera angles that remind me of Blair Witch or how low the movie budget was when Judd hacked on the "closed" door, actually it was open before it could unlock it on the other side! This movie is completely ridiculous! If it were a doll, then it would have been successful ... just yet, but, like a horror movie is simply wrong! I can not even describe everything that went into this movie I would break it from the room! Although it was fun to see Andrew raspberry juice dripping in his ear every time he opened his mouth, while Tom Savini's character was completely blind to the two of them hiding under the table directly in his line of view !! It was even more fun when those two thought they could escape a God's tractor, which, as we all know, is the one who hates a vehicle called one to stay stuck, since it is so slow ! So, is it somewhat surprising that they do not get away with it? And how many people do they know they can open their wrists and then run for hours as if nothing happened? No pain, no weakness in the loss of blood, nothing! But the worst part is when suddenly (and I am referring to it literally) is a YEAR later, and Molly continues to wander the forest after escaping the nymphs and then here and Shaun Hutson takes it ... of course not without a line to promote their books! (otherwise, he is one of my favors) but suddenly and without any suggestion of xplantare about how and why ... she is evil herself and lures Hutson until his death, then I cut to the madman of at first, suddenly wandering around the forest with a gasoline box, even after its "dazzling" performance why nobody should ever venture for any reason ... with nymph prostitutes nonsense each other around to Fun while Crazy pours gas everywhere. ... and this is the end of the movie ... in the end! My conclusion ... if you have not guessed so far ... absolutely rubbish! There was no right thinking to get into it, anyone who wanted to shoot the room ... and come to think about it, so did 99% of the distribution! If the right director, the actors and the budget got behind, they could have been decent. But once again, the English-language horror movies with low budget, but the rest of the genre, country and English shame-making industry! (And I'm English, so I can say this)! In fact, the only decent and interesting part of the movie is in the first 15-20 minutes when we look to return from night to day on a field type. All that I thought along was "Jesus Christ in Heaven, why did you let someone do it, his absolute cow testicles!" But I can not disable a movie after I started seeing it unfortunately. I had to look at Dusk Til Dawn afterwards just to remind me that Tom Savini needs him to act well! If there was an option for 0/10, then think me I would have chosen this, because this movie does not deserve even a point I gave! <br /> <br /> But that's just my opinion, you look and you decide on your own.
