Forest of the Damned begins with five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland) with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood) a long vacation "in the middle of nowhere "their words are not mine. Anyway, before they know that I am deep in a forest, Emilio is busy running a woman (Frances Da Costa), along with a wounded person to add to their problems, the trip they travel will not start can not receive signals on mobile phones. They must find help quickly so that Molly & Judd wanders in the hope of finding a house as time passes and darkness begins to fall, it becomes clear that they are not alone and there is something ugly hidden in woodland ... This English production was written and directed by Johannes Roberts and looked at some other comments and reviews both here on IMDb and on the Internet The Damned Forest seems to share the view with some who like it and others do not, personally did not do much for that. The script is credited to the screen for Roberts, but here, on IMDb, he portrays Joseph London with "extra scriptwriter", no matter what it means, the film is a basic thing, such as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) adolescent victims are hit, but uses the interesting concept of fallen angels who laugh the forest and kill people for a reason that never explains with much satisfaction. Then is Stephen, played by Tom Savini, ever fantastic, who never has a justification for what he does. Is he there to get victims for angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew's head? The story is very weak, never felt like a suitable movie. Characters are weak, dialogue is not much better, and the lack of any significant story makes it difficult to enter or care for whatever happens. He said he is moving along a reasonable pace and there are some decent scenes here. Director Johannes does nothing special, it's not a particularly elegant or flash movie to watch. There are some decent horror scenes, and the character Tom Savini is great every time he's on the screen (though they have not heard that Judd broke the door with an ax as he escaped with Molly?) And it's a shame when he's killed. There are some decent gore scenarios here, someone has their head swallowed, there is a beheaded, someone gets a rifle shot, someone's throat is bitten, some lips are bitten and somebody is broken in two. There is also a fair amount of complete front feminine nudity, not that it helps a lot. <br /> <br /> Damned's technical forest is fine, it's pretty well made, but it's not too special and it does not attract eyes. He was shot in England and Wales and it's strange to see an English backdrop for American backward horror. The actor is generally pretty poor except Savini, who deserves to be better than that. Horror writer Shaun Hutson has an embarrassing cloak at the end and proves that he should stay on writing rather than act. Forest of the Damned was a rather poor film of horror, it seems to have fans there, I miss something, but it's not a movie for which I have a lot of love. Apart from one or two decent moments, it is not much to recommend.
