This movie actually works from a pretty original idea - I have never seen nymphs that have been cast out of heaven in a horror movie first of all. However, the way this idea is executed is not original in the smallest; we are following a bunch of children who, for some reason, decide to go on a trip in the woods. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than another forest full of reddish / nuts / zombies etc .; but, indeed, monsters are just a variation of common horrors in the theme of forests. Many movies on this subject have no single good idea - and it seems that he carried his brain cells just with that one. The only real thing that monsters bring to the table is that they are beautiful women that the characters want, rather than being hidden grotesques they want to flee. This is good up to a point; but soon it becomes boring, and the almost total lack of any story around central monsters guarantees that the film never goes out of the category of "horror garbage". Years gone by, The Evil Dead has made the forests a prime location for horror, and despite films like The Blair Witch Project; everything makes for an excellent horror decoration. This is one of the major activities of the film because the forest has a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned does not seem to have too much of a sleeve. Death sequences show an obvious lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are cliché in the extremity does not help because you are more likely to look forward to seeing that they are killed rather than hoping they can escape. The distribution is mainly made of children, but here is a role for Tom Savini; who, unfortunately, does not have fun in the special effects department. The only real highlight of the film is where the staff comes from the nymphs themselves. The naked ladies tend to look great, and if it were not for them, this movie would become very boring very quickly. There is nothing to recommend this movie for the real; but if you want a little horror movie to return to the style of afforestation around the eighties, you can find joy here.
