***** This review could have spills - but this determination would be negligible in such a classic and well-known story. ***** The story of CINDERELLA is like my favorite story. The world will never have enough of this wonderful story. The problem is that everyone wants to say their own version of the story. This can not work if the story deviates or tries to throw some interesting ideas along with some magical shots and scary production and editing designs. This Cinderella story is more like a Duck Ugly, or rather, never turns into a swan. All production value that money can buy can not create good cinematic time and dramatic development - or good action. <br /> <br /> Cinderella's entrance to the so badly made ball, there was no anticipation drama or enthusiasm for discovery. The writing made me very nervous as well. The Charming Prince was the most unpleasant of memory. Why would a little girl want to marry an arrogant, self-absorbing prince who did not like women? Towerer Turner's role as Stepmother was an embarrassing demonstration that demonstrated that only one line acted less than the nuances work. Even the Cinderella side had little interest or sympathy. > <br /> Perhaps a single sentence will describe this attempt: So cheap '90, to be mentioned and mentioned in shameless excess is glorious photography, matte work and production design. It was a pleasure to watch landscapes, sets and settings like the story unfolded. For some Cinderella stories, go for two stones: 1) Rodgers and Hammerstein Cinderella Musical with Lesley Ann Warren. Even with the TV viewer - 60 of the obvious scene, this is the best celluloid version - no bar. An all-star cast makes every effort to provide the greatest entertainment. Recruiting, rerouting and memorable writing and music. This is the classic one. 2) After all, this jewel Drew Barrymore maintains the historical perspective, changes the story line, but is not enough to derail the effective development of the essential points of this classic story. The characters of the executives and all support roles were intelligently written and acted well.
