Madison is not too bad - if you like the simplistic, non-offensive, "family-friendly" fare, and, more importantly, if you know absolutely nothing about unrestricted hydroplanes. If, like me, you grew up with your sport and your heroes had names like Musson, Muncey, Cantrell, Slovakia, etc., prepare to be disappointed. Professional film critics have widely commented on the film's characteristic nature and inclination to use every sporting cliché in the book. I do not have to repeat what they said. What seemed to me to be treacherous was a sense of real enthusiasm of the unlimited hydro-air race in the "years of glory" (which many claim to have already passed in 1971). Yes, it was wonderful to see the old classical boats that were struggling with the six-step course, although it was clear that the restored versions (Hydroplane and Race Boat volunteer hats) were fed with low-speed scenes. But where was the sound? Much of the enthusiasm of the old hydra was the noise of six Allison or Rolls-Merlin jet engines, twisted up to the speed of motion, never imagined by their designers, hitting the starting line right in front of you. You did not hear it, you gave it. Those who know exactly what I'm talking about. There's nothing in Madison. Instead, each racing scene is buried under what is supposed to be a "heroic" musical score. And then there are photos close to drivers who travel lightly and comfortably in the cockpit as if they had relaxed in the latest luxury limousines, in some cases taking time to smile bad while contemplating how well the hero could counter poor in the hometown. Or, in a particularly ridiculous coup, taking time to show Jake Lloyd giving him a "rocky" greeting from a bridge deck. In fact, some unrestricted drivers wore hunting vests to minimize the beatings they had taken, as boats cracked over rocky water at speeds above 150 mph. Just as a commentator appreciated so well: "Sport deserves more than that." Finally, since another user has brought anachronisms, I will add one: the Seattle shooting shows the Kingdome and Safeco fields. It did not even exist in 1971
