This is a kind of genre, which means you like the music of the '50s or not. If you do, you'll like that. Personally, I prefer the music of the 1930s and most of the 40s music with the talents of Astaire and Rogers and Eleanor Powell, Bill Robinson, Ruby Keeler, James Cagney, Shirley Temple and so on, but the songs of the 1950s, dance numbers and the soap melodies of the decade turn me off. This movie is a case-by-point. The first song was fine, but the next three did not do anything to me. Until then, the story had no appeal. The presence of Deborah Kerr is another minus. I do not think I saw a movie he played in what I liked, including the one in which the English teacher of two shoes, which portraits spend half of the movie threatening to leave Siam. (Which he had!). <br /> <br /> However, divorcing me from liking-and-likes, there is no denying this production Rogers and Hammerstein has a lot of appeal to many people, especially those who they liked "The Sound Of Music". There are similarities in R & H music. So if you liked Julie Andrews, you'd love that too. <br /> <br /> This is an old production with, yes, a capital "L." This is the kind of great music you've seen rarely after that generation. You also win singers called, unlike today, where the actress fails to really sing, so Marnie Nixon comes to rescue Kerr, as she did with Natalie Wood in "West Side Story" and Audrey Hepburn in "My Fair Lady." Yul Brynner is "King Mongkut" and is a stereotypical traditionalist, the producers always portrayed in a negative way. He is not "progressive," as the left masters say, but the educational teacher (Kerr, as "Anna Leonowens") will set him right. Today's secular progressions always put teachers more than people trying to cure cancer! However, Yul is good in this role and even uses a comedy along with his character more of a shell than a bite. Justifiably, he is the great star of this film. Brynner had magnetism. Even in The Magnificent Seven, Yul was a cowboy that mesmerized the audience. In conclusion, it's a great movie for her day and millions of people enjoyed it. I'm gonna let it go.
