People tried to make me think that the premise of this horrible horror / thriller was inspired by the last real words spoken by an authentic serial killer (whose name I am missing at this moment). While waiting for his execution in the electric chair, he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue to go into an endless murder syndrome. It's not an extremely original idea to rotate a horror film by the way. Other low-budget turkeys have implemented the same basic premise, such as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the car". However, "The First Power" (a.k.a "Pentagram") is not a totally terrible effort, but the script goes too much to clichés and does not have genuine emotions. The film starts out as a serial killer shot, in which the obsessive fighter Lou Diamond Philips follows a maniac who carries the bloody pentagrams in the victims' chest. He receives unexpected help from a spiritual environment, played by the wonderful and underestimated Tracy Griffith. It leads to the killer, but he does not ask him not to execute him, because it would result in even greater catastrophe! Due to Tess's useful indications, Detective Logan quickly catches the killer and celebrates his death penalty, but Patrick Channing made a pact with Satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of California to make more murders. The "First Power" becomes bad enough once the killer reincarnates as a vengeful spirit. Instead of using Satanic powers recently won to destroy the whole world (I would do so), Channing simply prefers to play cat and mouse games with copper nemesis. He calls it annoyingly "Buddy-Boy" all the time and possesses the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to deceive him. Even if it's never boring or poorly done, it's a very thin film to endure, especially because you are constantly giving the feeling of déjà-vu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff uses shamelessly every terrible cliché (the killer was sexually abused as a child) and even the players' lines can easily be predicted. As soon as Griffith explains that he is able to predict the future, you just know that somewhere at a time in the movie, he will say the ridiculously excessive line "I tell people to live their lives, but my own life is a mess." Caught. The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is quite adequate, but it is quite difficult to take the young rebellious La Bamba and Stand And Deliver seriously as a tough copper. There are also favorable roles for Mykelti Williamson (" Forrest Gump "), Carmen Argenziano (" When a Stranger Calls ") and the legend of B-movie David Gale (" Re-Animator ") appear in a tiny movie.
