I wrote some notes here on the first power, Lou Lambada Diamond Phillips of 1990, Satanic serial killer yuppie hell-fest ... 1) Lou Diamond Phillips was recently charged with beating his wife and may serve time in jail. I just hope he can find Armani's jail in jail to go in style with: One of the guilty pleasures of this film sees his detective policeman, dressed in 4500 designer clothes, a 7,300-dollar designer silk suit and seeing $ 3500 / Mies Van Der Roeh's interior design architecture. <br /> <br /> 2) Principal Mrs. Tracey Phillips has a gorgeous porcelain skin, red hair always flowing in style, even when biting and amazing breasts that are highlighted in the second half of the movie, by a designer silk sweater, who sadly lives on her torso even when she was ready to be sacrificed to Satan. At least in the 1970s, our demonic killers stripped their victims before removing them, although there is something to say to leave a bit of imagination. In the last 10 minutes of the movie, all I can think about is what her breasts might look like. 3) Professional psychologists living in Los Angeles can afford to spend $ 4 million on Mullholland Drive overlooking Los Angeles with a view that would make Brad Pitt decide to treat him. Actually, the condominium used in this movie looks exactly like the one observed in David Lynch's film, MULLHOLLAND DR., Which had at least the common sense to make Condo's resident a successful film director. The only psychic professionals I've met outside of this movie are all who are in prison for cable fraud. 4) I forget my name, but the bad guy in this movie is great and "How's it go, Buddy Boy?" Line could be the best movie last past since "LOVE THANK YOU LADY!" From CREEPSHOW 2 5) Under the major metropolitan cities there is a huge box of hot acid that will explode in huge fire balls if someone throws a lit cigarette lighter in them, which is why all major public water power stations have all the signs of smoking, but even if the idea of ​​smoking around the water is dangerous, of course it is absurd, and since Zippo briquettes have to be manually filled with an easier fluid that can often drain and be absorbed by the clothes , the idea of ​​wearing one in the $ 7300 Gucci silk pocket makes me a lot more dangerous. <br /> 6) The waterfall in this movie is impressive to say at least, and one of the fun things about her watching remains alone that you are not watching special computer-aided effects, but real life stuntpeople and limbs contributing to a movie that has earned almost universal BOMB ratings from critics when it was released. 7) Movie Satanists Always Amaze Me: Here is a guy who was part of a luciferian power attempt and yet, instead of using it, it does something useful to get rich or to cause fashion models to engage in free form with him, he possesses the ladies with a bag and connects them outside the apartments of the people. Speaking of who is a guy who is indestructible, he can fly and put his body inside the bodies of others - and yet he forces Lou Diamond Phillips with an ordinary fight in the film, and yet he does not have a good sense to live Arnold Schwartzeneggar or Apollo Creed to make sure he wins. And farther ... Being pursued in the company of wise friends while drinking beer. You will be entertaining as long as you refuse to take it seriously. 4/10
