Awful! Awful! Awful! No, I did not like it. It was obvious what the intention of the film was: to watch the spin and to handle the "moves and stir" that produced a movie. In some cases, these are people who are different than what they are. I did not need a movie telling me how superficial there are people in the film industry. I suppose I was guilty because I expected something like "Holiday Roman". I am not a filmmaker and I do not even have films, but it seemed to me that the film consisted of a series of "two photos" (in principle) in which the actors (!) Had been fed with a free line of plot and were to improvise dialogue. Henry Jaglon says that along with Victoria Foyt he wrote the script, but the impression was that the actors, knowing the general direction of the film, had extemporized the dialogue - and it was not always successful. Such a case was when Ron Silver made a remark that did not really flow along the line of conversation (and I will not return to look for it!) And Greta Scacchi broke into laughter even if she had to have a serious conversation, because Silver's remark was such a failure. You also have the impression that an actor deliberately tries to "misbehave" the other actor and break his focus. Another example is when a producer tells Silver to "bring documents & *% # @ # ^" (3 times). Silver seemed literally lost to words. I saw another movie that looked like a series of theater workshops on improvisation and that was awful! The fact that Jaglon has managed to attract Greta Scacchi (no stranger to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell suggest that it was a "slow week of news" for them. Peter Bogdanovich had a face-to-face look at his face at any time and I expected to hear him say, "Look, I'm a director and screenwriter - not an actor" what it would have been useless to say! Faye Dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son, Liam. In addition to the delicate broadcasting of the dialogue, the portable camera became irritating, even if it was verisimilitude - as I suspect the "natural" dialogue - and the interest in the directors became more emphasized to the interest of the various young people walking the body trying to insinuate in the fire. At least he approached Verite Cinema. So, along with the irritating French song during which I used the silent button, I made a generally disappointing minute of 90 minutes. I think we should avoid apotheosizing movies, such as this. Trying to see value in the movie in which he has a low credit to substantiate a perceived transcendental level is wrong. There was nothing avant-garde about it. It did not meet as a work of art, and yet there was no documentary. I know, it was a powerful test, but the real test is if it's fun. I was bored from my skull! He had one redeeming feature: He correctly pronounced "Cannes", so I gave him 3/10.
