According to IMDb, Master of Horror-Takashi Miike, Imprint, was banned in the US. So I thought I was going to translate the Swedish review that I just wrote about for that ... It was hard not to have any expectations from Ichi Killer's Episode - Takashi Miike's director in the "Masters of Horror" series . And the DVD cover of Imprint made it very promising. The story unfolds largely in a distant Japanese bordello some time in the nineteenth century, and tells the story of a journalist looking for Komomo, the woman she left behind and promised to return. Tired and disheveled, he gets to the bordello, hoping it will be the end of his very long journey. It seems that one of the prostitutes, a distorted and quiet girl, knows about Komomo and the desperate man makes her tell her where she is and what happened to her since she left. The story she says is equally regrettable and difficult to swallow ... The first thing that struck me about this episode was how unnatural it seemed that the Japanese distribution mostly spoke fluent American-English . But I'm gonna let it go, it's not such a big deal. What is a big business is how miserable the rest. Miike's story was moving so slow that I could not watch my watch several times during the 63 minutes. The extended torus scene, which takes place somewhere in the middle of the movie, felt so unmotivated - and intrusive pornography - that even this scene did not become interesting. I felt violent just for the sake of violence - no sense of style or purpose. The only scenes that caused me all sorts of excitement were the images of the bloody girls rolling down the bottom of the running water ... and with all honesty, the only emotions they had caused were feelings of disgust. <br /> <br /> The journalist who seeks the love he left behind is played by Billy Drago, the most memorable for me, as the assassin of Frank Nitti - Al Capones, in Brian De Palmas' The Untouchables (1987) ). I have always found Dragos's portrait of Nitti to be very frozen (and I mean that in a good way), and that's why I was almost upset when I found it so terrible -a good way) one. His acting seems to flow between no sense or empathy in any way to show some very bad things. When his character should react to the terrible things the Komomo has been subjected to, I was sitting on the couch, twisting and turning around in an attempt to escape Drago's horrible adventure. I am grateful that most of the story is told by Yuoki Kudoh (Memoirs of a geisha, 2005), who plays a distorted prostitute. The end probably should be tangled, maybe even revolting, but I realized it was kind of ... you know ... "blah" (and I looked at my watch again forever just wanting my shit episode ends). Perhaps the end made me smile a little, but only because I could not think of an episode of Red Dwarfs and Craig Charles and Danny John-Jules' down-poled boats with their eyes fixed on them looks like the aliens ... Lucky, if you saw that episode and now you decide to see Imprint, I will forever destroy the end images for you. My first thought, when Print finally ended, was that the only thing that made the pain of watching it worthwhile, they heard the main theme of the title Edward Shearmur (the same music I think is used in each episode of this series) and that - is a big friggin warning, do not you think? One might indicate the costume design by Michiko Kitamura and says there is at least something that is not lacking in style and refinement. But there are many other movies and TV shows that are much better to show "geisha -mode "mode. This is nothing but inferior and disappointed. Takashi Miike is the Master of Horror-episode is boring, uninspiring and useless. In other words; It's really, really stupid!
