Horror fans (talk to those over 12, though, if you are not under 12, I apologize for what you might consider an insult): In short, if you appreciate your imagination being disturbed by well-written original stories and original, punctuated by unpredictable well-threatened plans and delivered through compelling performances, then I can gladly recommend you - AVOID THESE WARNINGS - made by directors who seem to have gone a long way since the date of sale. It is no accident that almost every episode feels like it was done in the 1980s. Let's not blame directly on the shoulders of some of these old boys (or indeed in the '80s) because where we are without some movies from Argento, Carpenter, Landis, Dante and Barker (In fact, Clive, WTF do you there ?!) I'm glad to see Romero had the good sense to give him a miss because I'm sure he was asked to take part ...). Moreover, we should show the finger to the creator of Mick Garris, whose credentials include the logic that defies and remodels the TV revenge of Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece "The Shining." Maybe it's an indication of television status today. Are we so frightened by the horror of good television, that we applaud any old trick that the networks are eliminating on our sets? Unfortunately, maybe so. Normally, I would not see the point of adding a comment that would not argue the mistakes and merits of a production, I would have evaluated it accordingly. However, since this series is devoid of any merit (with the sole exception of the theme tone), I write this as a warning more than a review: Do not waste your time and money. If you disagree with me, it is more than likely that you have not seen enough decent horror. Perhaps the previous films of some of these directors would be a much better place to start, but if these "horror masters" were evaluated solely on the basis of these works, they were never allowed to graduate with even the bachelor's degree. Unless, of course, they were studying for a university degree in S ** t.
