Frankly, the concept behind the "Masters of Horror" had something to do. Time horror directors, who are now left aside by the industry that has the chance to regain the horror, have been from the beginning for everything. That's until I've been watching some episodes ... Oh, boy, it's very bad TV. Not only does it seem that directors receive very few budgets to straighten their troops, but there are also guidelines for example, such as HD photography, for example. To make a short story, it is bad for both financial and financial reasons. I can only compare with "Tales From The Crypt" and M.O.H. episodes do not support comparison. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; in my opinion here are a few keys to explain: The TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes per episode) than the MOH (50 minutes per episode), I think it allowed a more dense scenario, good ideas reappearing more often, episode, less chance of letting the plot be confused or boring. The duration would have been the reason why the budget was better spent on TFTC: the directors had REAL composers (MOH composers are nonexistent, very bad), REAL actors (while the MOH is nothing but an unknown actor after a actor unknown!), REAL photo directors and sometimes can help REAL cameras (while MOH is shot on HD cameras with very heavily chosen lenses), the result being that TFTC episodes showed and felt " cinema "in the sense that real actors were broadcast from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth and Kyle McLachlan at Kirk Douglas, but behind them were film composers from Alan Silvestri, photo directors like Dean Cundey, high quality scriptures, and in this sense each "Tale" was a small film of its kind. Compared to TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is a pretty excruciating approach to TV horror. It's really hard to stay looking at it if your standards on cinema are just a little over the average, because it looks like any nasty television series, if not worse. It gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast in the first 10 minutes usually. The actors are never heard before wannabes (except those from Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few, but even there, they are the only known actors in their episodes). The director's base for MS was good at first, but it is the worst and worst with each episode: if even directors are unknown to the world, what's left? Nothing! And it's funny how they start to have strange directors, while they did not even have Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy. If not even "Horror Masters" can bring back the dead directors alive, who will do it? Maybe it will resume stories in the crypt.
