There seems to be an overwhelming response to this film, but no one with the vision to criticize his methodology, which is extremely wrong. It simply continues to promote an analysis of journalistic style, namely that it creates a lack of public knowledge and prejudice to evoke an emotional decay and the outbreak of a negative diatribe. Journalism 101: Tell the viewer a fact only to predispose them to draw conclusions that are predictable. for example, the idea of ​​civil war, chaos, robbery, etc. unexpected responses to the collapse of government infrastructure as a result of Hussein's death have been assumed: have they not all been symptomatic of an already disadvantaged culture? doctrinal struggle as a symptomatic of these veins of Islam itself, rather than a failure of the police force to restrain and secure themselves? would they rather the United States have declared the marshall law? I'm sure the newspapers here would have exploded with charges of a police state and a fascist force. Apart from the analytical idiot of the film, it takes a few injured people and leaves the rest to claim "so-so-he refused to be interviewed ..." however, the questions he would have asked were undoubtedly already answered of the one hundred investigations they have already received. you should as a vice president be interviewed by a first-time writer / producer who has certainly been urged to turn your words. they could not run a Condi tape to show their true opinion and answer a logistics of questions, probably never seen it. This is far from being a neutral look of the situation there. this is another biased, assertive approach to journalists - who are generally unstoppable by the herdsmen. Anyone wishing to comment on the war should have at least based their ideas on things that are less reliable than NBC coverage and CNN's commentary. these interpretations lead to the same vitriol that simply creates an extra bipartisanism for those who want to think and those who want to be told by the media what to think.
