The infamous "Classic" Plan 9 of Ed Wood's cosmic space presents an indignant stranger who calls the human race "... stupid ... stupid, stupid stupid!" I should say the A exhibition in that process would probably be this movie, a ridiculously silly sci-fi movie. Jean Claude Van Damme returns to a successful role in the original film, Luca, a former universal soldier, who is now working, making very good soldiers. While Van Damme was too big to retake the role of the first two sequences, it was too small to do more than anything else until the fourth Universal Soldier series appeared. So probably cursed under the breath all the way, he throws a shot and throws his hand and pierces in ninety minutes of explosions and karate blows. You will find a lot of mindless violence, but I advise you to check your brain at the door when you start watching this. Otherwise, you are forced to forget the place you left it to the end of it. Luke is called into action against several universal soldiers, after a very bad computer called Seth (makes HAL look like Ghandi) turns all other universal soldiers into wicked, cruel killers. Of course this is scheduled to do, but in this case it kills the creators, not the "enemy," so it is a problem. I like the little logic of this movie. Logic who thinks that a supercomputer would create a body for himself that seems as shame as Michael Jai White, who must be in this movie. The logic that dictates that Seth's creator is a blue-haired geek with cyber stereotypes that scrolls clichs more regularly than the Old Faithful Steam. The logic that has a karate climate battle has two characters that hit each other, though ten separate glazing glass crushing within three minutes of the screen. The film also has a daughter in jeopardy, fighter Bill Goldberg as a disguised warrior as a universal soldier and with a love story that you have to think, I think writers think that they approached the Romanians were actually a good thing. And when this movie ends, it ends. Not a minute after a gigantic explosion in the final style are the running credits. No epilogue, not where I am now, no final kiss, just explosion, hugging, over. Even creators want to get out of this as quickly as possible. While there is no Plan 9, USA: TR is a little bit silly of an action movie that would be fun at crazy parties Van Damme fans who enjoy seeing that their hero reaches new depths. Do not be seen on a serious stomach.
