I first heard about Unisol 2 when I passed a movie when I was on holiday in America. I really did not notice too much until I bought the original on DVD, which made me find out about the three sequels. Then I started reading about the IMDB Return and asked my friends what they thought about it. In spite of their terrible criticism, I still got out of my way to see it and started to buy it until I saw it on DVD. I did not expect too much, but I thought it must have been half decent to get a theatrical release in the US, after all, how often does Van Damme see on the big screen? Well, nothing would have prepared me for that. It's so bad that I almost cried. What a total loss of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It's hard to explain how bad this movement is. Sincere. This is the idiotic movie. No, it's more than idiot. I can not believe what has been done. I can not believe anybody out there killed Mic Rogers. How Poor People Can Be - First of all, Van Damme is actually thinking about the script and the finished film was good. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkley, from the status of Terminator 2 and Air Force One, has engaged in this film. I simply can not believe in the stupidity of this movie. She feels so serious, but she gets to the audience like a spoof. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is now a man again) - "I wish my father," SETH - "Me too." Yes, and a guy tries to close SETH by pulling three huge levers with - wait - ON and OFF written on them. Action throughout the game is like school action. I'm sure the director has modeled the friend of Luc's reporter in April O'Neil from Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - she refuses to leave because she "needs her story." I mean, come - how many rattles can use a movie? Please listen to other IMDB users - do not touch this with a bar pole. In conclusion, the Universal Soldier: The Return has nothing to do with the first film. In fact, if you do not call UniSols, then you will never know it was a sequel. Luc is again a man again - what the hell! The only place he can access the internet is in a stripclub. All new Uni Sols look as if they were drawn from the street, they are unconvincing. This is pure torture to follow, do yourself a favor - do not torture yourself. P.S - the best part of the movie: Romeo jumps off a building and shouts "Oh sh * t".
