We are opening with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original universal soldier and his frightened Asian friend being pursued by a river of what appears to be universal soldiers. Almost killing the two, then waiting, it was just a field test. Deveraux, which we come to find, is now part of a government-funded company that designs the new level of universal soldiers. Why would he want to get involved in this (if you know something about the original) is never explained beyond me. After this thin piece, the story begins to work. The United States government has reduced the budget to the Universal Soldier project and in this process has fueled SETH (the large computer, the artificial mainframe that controls the universal soldiers). Of course, he will not be closed without a fight. So that means Van Damme has to go and pull out the whole new breed of universal soldiers. What seems to be a fun idea for an action movie and a sequel, but that does not stop him from becoming stupid as hell. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new soldiers is played by Bill Goldberg. It seems you can not fail to throw a fighter into an action movie. It's big, it's rough, right? Wrong. Van Damme does not seem to have trouble wiping the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here has lost me. Then it's breaking the glass. A rudimentary part of any action film, but someone involved must have a glass fetish. You have to see battle scenes in particular. Let's not talk about how nobody cuts or at least slides. Then, to put the cherry on the top of this train, they have the SETH (computer) securing a human body for itself and how appropriate it is when they make it black negative (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a good guy fighting with a bad black guy. Potentially offensive and simply blades. He is no substitute for Dolph, either. Universal Soldier 2 is a bad sequel. He's loud, he's stupid and does not care. The original was not a poetic thing, but it made a simple sense of science fiction and had fun at a basic level. Continuation does not happen. However, they keep operating time under ninety minutes and find some way to squeeze into a strip club sequence. So give credit if the credit is due.
