After seeing the low-cost, low-budget versions of the Universal Soldier franchise, I hoped and prayed that Van Damme resumed the role of Luc Devoreaux in a second Unisol movie. It seemed to have been answered to this prayer, but not as we had hoped. Universal Soldier 2 is just as intense as reading poetry at the local library. No, that would be more interesting. The battle sequences are of superior quality, of the quality of Bruce Lee, who is the only redeeming factor in this pathetic excuse for a cinematic picture. This and having the legendary WCW dur-guy "Goldberg" plays the bastard. However, placing Goldberg as Seth's lieutenant would have been better. We most offended was the setting of the movie itself. It's like some film students have reconciled it together. The plot holes are bigger than the ego of Kanye West, which really made this movie. For example: Luc's daughter, Hillary seems to be at least 11-13 years old, and the first movie was shot seven years ago. How is it possible? Tell me this! The part where Luc's partner was killed and turned into an Unisol is just fuck! You want to tell me that there was an experimental Unisol exposed naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the movie. Come on. The director could have spent more time with this film as the first and sewn all the closed hole holes. But it's OK! <br /> <br /> Talking about the plot, SUCKS! Compared to the first film, the Universal Soldier 2 plot was worthless. Where are the cries where a Unisol goes berserk and resumes her latest memories in a ravages in the supermarket thinking of the desert storm or something? This was the beginning of the millennium, you would attract more audiences if this had occurred in a type of dystopia / orwellian flood. Corny is the correct adjective to describe this sad, sad and sad sequel. <br /> <br /> From what I've seen: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3 and Hell, even the class-class Terminator class "Class of 1999" is more fun than that!
