OK, I've seen this movie to get a bad point of reference, but with this movie is Unisol's best movie. Luc Devereux is now a technical expert working with the government with his partner, Maggie, who has gone through countless hours of training and struggling with him to refine and perfect the UniSol program in an effort to make a new race, powerful, more sophisticated, intelligent, and agile soldier. All new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected through a smart computer system called SETH, a self-developed Helix of Thinking. When SETH discovers that the Universal Soldiers Program is scheduled to be stopped due to budget cuts, he takes things into his own "hands" to protect himself. Killing those trying to close his power and unleashing the super-soldier, headed by Romeo, SETH Deveraux spare parts, just because Deveraux has the secret code needed to disable an embedded program that will close the SETH in a few hours . With the help of a hacker called Squid, SETH takes the human form. Not only does Luc have to deal with ambitious Erin reporter who will not leave, but Luc also has to fight General Radford, who wants to take extreme action to stop SETH. SETH also kidnapped Lucky's hurt daughter, Hillary, for 13 years, and is now holding hostage. Luc is the only person who can save Hillary because Luc knows from the very beginning how he thinks, feels and fights a UniSol. now there are problems as in any movie as if someone was weird as a reporter just happened to be there and soldiers can get flattened with a truck though when Vanne Damme shoots them with a bullet pistol and they die and the final battle scenario was unbelievable when Luc is now a man and Seth is 5 times stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luc can take a shot from him. with the final fight when Luc shot him in pieces, I was really surprised that the songs did not melt and did not reformate it (Terminator 2). another thing that bothers me is how damn it makes Vanne Damme bring good actors to play relatives. I mean, in the case of Vanne Damme it's completely out of the grid of the way science fiction is. The musical score that must have a mention, you have ever listened to a song where you would prefer to cut a blackboard with a Universal Soldier 2 knife is like that. Good points are that there is no Dolph (HOORAY) and unlike the first, there is only one empty scene, while the first one is many (I'm still haunted by the scenes in # 1), too, actors in this field have a talent while in the first casting were sadistic (if you do not think I look up)
