The mind moves exactly to what the Universal Soldier deserves a continuation. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, could not have resumed its original role, there is already a weak reason to indulge in this obvious tax evocation. Bold attempts are made to fill the gap with professional fighter Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. For their beliefs, they give their sequences of action a good sense of emotion. Bill Goldberg seems to have the time of his life on this movie and makes a good shot completing the role of the comic villain. For one time, its role is that it involves repeating the same line a few times and does not become irritating. The problem with the audience is that none of these gentlemen really have the sense of comic time or minor humor that makes Lundgren so happy to see in almost all of his films. And that's where the problem is. You're not going to see a Van Damme movie because you want serious action. Come on because you want comedy, however unintentional. <br /> <br /> Without knowing many people, Universal Soldier was followed by two direct-to-video sequels. I only saw the first one, which had so bad a production value, that one can only wonder if it should have been a elaborate joke. Matt Battaglia was so horrible in the role of Luc Deveraux, who for once in his career, Jean-Claude Van Damme's vision comes as a lightweight welcome. The film ignores, more or less, the stories of the direct-to-video sequels mentioned above, and begins instead a whole new story, established after an undetermined time after the original events. After years of investigations and explanations, the Unisol project continues, with some minor changes. For one, the new Unisols are stronger and more resistant to damage than their previous cousins. For another, all unisoles are now under the guidance of a supercomputer called SETH. In the early parts of the film, SETH exists primarily as a series of abstract graphics in a glass dome. As the film barely takes more than eighty minutes, we are quickly told that funding for the army is cut. The Unisol project is on the chopping block, which essentially means that SETH will be stopped. SETH, listening somehow to this conversation by means that are never explained, decides to mobilize Unisols as an army against those who try to close it. Its only problem is that it's always necessary to enter a code in your system to prevent auto-stop. Two people have the code in question. SETH kills first in a short order, and those who are familiar with the scene set in which Van Damme's films are built will guess within five seconds, which is the second. The rest of the film revolves around Unisols' attempts to remove the Van Damme code without harming it too badly. A subplot with a daughter and a reporter is weaved in the movie, but adds as much to the story Van Damme does to the profession to act. The movie is loaded to the queue with lacy lines and cliché. When SETH transposes the command module into Michael Jai White's body, we have a speech about how people's time has passed. He continues to tell the foot soldiers how fear and mortality will be the weaknesses of humanity. Gee, SETH, do you mean that they will not be our strengths? All the jokes aside, the short length of the film is both the weakness and the strength of the film. Exits the action without proper configuration. In the original, we are given a very detailed explanation of Unisols, how they work and how they are brought to the state that is seen in most of the film. Here, the writer seems to accept that the viewer knows what Unisol is and how it works. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and wonder was created, leaving the explanation later in the movie, when the hero is in an ice tub. Here, one of the villains is shot with a gun that leaves massive holes in his uniform (and probably his body), rises every time without stopping for breath. I tend to book a score for movies that are so bad that they become fun in a completely unintended way. If you can see it at low prices, beware. This is the kind of movie that makes me cry the loss of the Mystery Science Theater.
