In his picture of miserable Milan subclass, this film was probably quite revealing in his days. However, I have the feeling that neorealism was never the director of the De Sica bag, because here he decided to try to create a kind of modern fabulum that would focus around a boy found in a cabbage patch by an old dear from the country. After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto gets to live in a home in Milan. He organizes the inhabitants in community action and keeps his spirits, spinning with an annoying smile constantly on his face and trying on their tables of time. That nobody tells her where to keep her time tables is beyond me, because these people have more important things to think about, like where the next Pot Noodle comes from. Anyway, De Sica then uses a subtly subtle dramatic device to highlight exactly why I am where these poor people are. Everything is heading for capitalism, of course, and to illustrate this, he has the miserable who discovers a fountain of oil on their land. Brilliant! However, so far, he has renounced a serious film, and capitalists appear as severe cartoons, all fur and cigars. They want this earth, but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense. Through a bizarre blow of luck, the old ward guard who died in the days of cabbage patches appears in the sky and gives him a magic dove. He uses it to give gifts to his friends, who turn out to be as greedy as cigar people. I think this movie was a missed opportunity. To tackle the theme of poverty, as they have not done so many filming factors so far and then caught in a fairy tale, it seems to me a bit dizzy for me. How can we destroy the "wonderful" directors with a baby-like plot that turn like the ones we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would have probably opposed the idea of ​​having the poor flying over the Duomo of Milan and a higher place on brooms. Sica, however, is proclaimed a genius for this. Of course, the fact that these people are so poor, that their faith is unswerving, and that miracles never happen to them, it is enough for any storyteller to work on. <br /> <br />
