When I was 16, I saw the documentary: "A funny thing happened on the way to the moon." I liked it a lot and I believed in it for a few years. But then I grew up and started thinking about when I looked for more information. This is: More information from rolling sources and non-biased sources. When I started at university, not long ago, I asked an astronomy assistant professor about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: He said all the theories he was in. That bothered me, I did not believe it first, but then presented evidence of his claims. He quickly replicated most theories about the subject: "people did not go to the moon." The worst allegation was that Apollo craft could not travel through the Van-Allen radiation belt, without the crew losing radiation. The truth is that Americans use a secret anti-radiation alloy alloy. He is not so well known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it a secret: Well, why should she reveal it then? If they are in a space flight with the Russians, then it would be very bad to reveal that they have a new technology that could protect the crew from radiation. And then there is the greatest proof of all: The stones of the moon. When Apollo DID missions go to the moon, they brought back many stones from the Moon to give geologists and scientists who document all the moon things. These stones and stones are actually from the Moon. Because: the internal bases, of which all matter consists, are also made of specific isotopes, which differ from quarry to quarry, earth in the earth, and especially the planet on the planet. The isotopes of these stones and stones have proven not to come from the earth. Astronauts have brought home one kilogram of these stones, all coming from the earth and the same planet. Ergo: Landings of the month where they are not false. NASA has gone to another planet: the moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite to a planet, a moon (duh). These rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities around the world. It turned out: people went to the moon - it's a fact, pronto. But I do not worry: most of the conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and unworthy, especially why you do not know or lie about these facts. The fact remains: people went to the moon.
