Johnny Weissmuller's final film, entitled "The King of the Jungle," after 16 years in the role, TARZAN AND MERMAIDS, is about to disappoint everyone but the fiercest of the fans. At the age of 44, the ex-Olympian, one of Hollywood's most active "party animals", spent much of the youthful athletics of his youth and looked tired (although he was in a much better situation than at the entrance his previous, TARZAN AND THE HUNTRESS). <br /> <br /> Not only did Weissmuller become too old for his role; Johnny Sheffield, the Chinese boy, grew up in a man (he was a 17-year-old), so he was removed from the screenplay under the guise of being "far from school." Brenda Joyce, at the age of 35, appeared in the fourth of five films like "Jane" (she will offer the transition when Lex Barker became the new Tarzan in 1949, TARZAN'S MAGIC FOUNTAIN) and was still as sexy as ever. > <br /> Produced by Sol Lesser, at RKO, at a low budget, distribution and crew took advantage of cheaper work by filming in Mexico. While the location gave a decisive Hispanic air in what was supposed to be Africa's darkest, veteran director Robert Florey used the extensive country, incorporating diving in the rock and an Aztec temple in the story. When a young girl (Tyrone's future bride of Power, Linda Christian) is saved in a jungle river by Tarzan, he teaches that a great local priest (George Zucco, one of the most durable villains of the film) the local population, threatening the retribution of a "God", do not do their job. The girl was chosen to become the bride of God, so she fled. Faster than you can say, "Is it a bad plot or what?" The girl is kidnapped by the priest's nuns and returns to the island, and Tarzan followed by Jane, the colorful Spanish character "Benjy" (charming by John Laurenz , who plays several songs), and a government commissioner are gone to take over the divinity and his priest (poor cheetah is left behind). After a series of discoveries ("God" is simply a cone in the Aztec mask, he works with the priest in the multitude of the rich beds of the island), a bit of scandal accusation, Benjy comic strip, everything gets to the expected happy conclusion. Remarkably, TARZAN AND MERMAIDS present a musical score by the brilliant filmmaker, Dimitri Tiomkin, and is much better than what you would expect from this "B" movie! <br /> <br /> While the film will offer a lesser auspicious end to Weissmuller's time in Tarzan's film (he will immediately go to play Jungle Jim, a more eloquent version of the Waterman in khakis ) the talent involved raised the product as a whole at least slightly over the total misery it could have. <br /> <br /> Tarzan was about to make a transformation, becoming more sexy ...
