This is possibly the most late 80 slash ever made, but how can you be tough on a movie that offers nonstop pictures of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exhilarating organs doing aerobic exercises, taking showers and wandering in tight dressing room of sports? Before being a horror movie, "Aerobicide" is a 90-minute promotional video to encourage the use of steroids, silicones and other fitness products to stimulate the body. If you left all the regular boys 'records to pick up hardships and the yummy girls wandering their pockets and shelves down to the unbearable songs of the' 80s, they probably only had about 15 minutes of story. A lot of time to improvise a plot about a sadistic killer who sacrificed healthy young people with a great safety pin (yes?). The film opens with an unintentionally hilarious scene of a girl frying between an electric sunbathing device. A few years later, people return to the same spa. You do not really have to be an experienced horror scientist or a rocket scientist to find out that there is a link between the crimes and the burned incident, is not it? Investigating the case is a seemingly credible police officer (and Charles Napier looked!) And a private beef detective who is lucky with the beauty of the most beautiful 80s I've ever seen! Looking through credits, it seems he's called Dianne Copeland and he did nothing but this turkey and a troma imbecile named "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a missed opportunity! Perhaps she was not a great actress, but she certainly had two other BIG advantages that would have helped her go up in the show business. The amount of gore and the quality of makeup effects are nothing special, none. We are treated to some bizarre clashes with a needle and a grilled human flesh. The story is almost over, it's ridiculous and predictable, but until then no one takes the movie seriously. "Aerobic" (aka "Killer Workout") is recommended if you want to disable all your brain functions for a night, but still feel like watching a movie! In fact, it would make a wonderful double feature with "Death Spa". Both movies have lots of sexy sexes and little babes dressed up? and both movies are pretty bad.
