I saw "Paris Je T'Aime" because a friend really wanted to see her, so I went with him. Coming in, I was indifferent to the movie, but leaving it to the theater, I really regretted losing 2 hours of my life, sitting in this narrow production. "Stories" are almost completely forgotten, except that most were terrible. What do Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara do with Paris? The endless parade of American actors surely gave this French film a remarkably non-French sense. The clichés of Paris were endless. Yes, most played with the clichés of Paris, but having spent so much time enjoying the French clichés, promoted them directly and, unfortunately, once again. Yes, Paris is the city of love. I got it. The most serious segments were: the one directed by Wes Craven (Oscar Wilde); the one with Nick Nolte; mime 1 (worst?); hair products one; the one with Juliette Binoche (Willem Dafoe as a cowboy amidst Paris); the vampire (When I think of Paris I'm thinking of Elijah). The one with Natalie Portman, which really looked like a commercial Mentos and was bad (the blind man should know that Portman just played a role when he called him). He and he went. He felt endless. I also did not like Coen Bros. It's really playing with those Parisian clichés, but it did not seem funny to me. Just annoying. Gus Van Sant was interesting, but it was so easy (and it was obvious punchline) that they were barely registered. There were only two "successful" segments, and those about the immigrant grandfather who leave the child in a kindergarten just to care for a rich woman. Great irony over there. And the segment about the african who's stabbed. It's the best segment in the whole movie, but this segment has nothing to do with Paris. The story could have taken place in any city around the world. The last segment, the one with the middle-aged woman, was also interesting, but the underlying tone was bad. They wanted to celebrate the limited understanding of French, but the segment came out as condescending. The whole project felt forced and uninspired. Almost the French government sponsored this film to promote tourism. In total, with only 10-15 minutes of exciting things, "Paris Je T'Aime" was a terrible cinematic experience.
