My wife and I just finished this movie and I came to IMDb to commemorate with the reviewers who found this film less satisfactory. However, of the 10 pages of reviews, only one hand is negative. I feel like this movie is a wonderful concept gone horribly and I want to warn those who are looking to see the movie in the future. I admit, I'm more inspired to write reviews when I do not like a movie than I do, so my great review is negative. However, that does not mean they are biased to not enjoy a movie, but they often find more eloquent reviews of the movies they enjoy. Paris's t'aime is the most pretentious movie ever seen. Using a "smart" concept and attracting some great talents into some stories, some movies, the film ends with the worst of all the worlds. It's an art for art, but something that a 2-year-old can dream and realize. Giving the director 5 minutes free time on the screen demonstrates why there is a division of labor even in entertainment. Directors can not write, writers can not direct. (I would also like to cast the fact that Clint Eastwood is overestimated, but that's because he's an actor director (who rarely works)). What ends up on the screen is a mess of short story stories that make no sense, they are not completed in five minutes and totally, to ruin my Paris. Why is Paris's t'aime called when a more in-depth title is a f * ck cluster? There are only a few stories that can be traced, especially Alfonso Cuarón's play, but everything else will fall into obscurity. Coen's short brothers are acceptable, but can you name a movie of theirs that does not contain a guitar scene? It's as if all the directors have decided to do everything they want to do and chose Paris as the place to do it. As we all love Paris, including the present company, we are blinded by the fact that this film SUCKS. In fact, I think they have put the names of the directors on each of their shorts because the directors have seen how poor a movie is and decided to make sure they were charged for just five minutes. Seriously. Seriously. People, Natalie Portman is NOT a good actress. She is not a pixie dream girl waiting to be yours. And Maggie Gyllenhaal, why? Are you people who act or regurgitate only shows from other movies? I'm looking at you Natalie Portman (Garden State, Closer), Elijah Wood (Sin City) and Catalina Sandino Moreno (Mary full of grace). A final commentary on action: I give Nick Nolte double kudos to act and look more humane than you ever did or maybe ever again. Find his short on youtube because his 5 minutes are pretty nice. Writing short stories is very difficult and only a handful of authors have gotten well. I'm thinking of Ernst Hemingway, Raymond Carver, F. Scott Fitzgerald and John Cheever, just to name a few. It's a lot harder than writing a complete novel, and only those really talented can do it. The same can be said about short films. It seems that a single director will live in the annals of history. If you support Paris as a precious stone to be discovered and reflected through your own objectives with your own story, then do not expect to enjoy this movie at all. Directors did not care or were lazy. In any scenario, until you read this it means you rented it. Praise that you have not paid $ 10 in the theaters for that.
