On the surface, this film seems to deal with the psychological process called individualization, namely, becoming a true self by embracing the so-called "dark" part of human nature. Thus, we have Darkling, a classy, ​​shadowy devianist creature that desperately seeks men's (ie recognition) men, and the story revolves around the various ways in which this need is treated more or less successfully. <br /> <br /> However, if we dig a little deeper, we will find that what this movie is about is how you should refer to your car as you would be for any other person: - In the opening scene, the main (male mechanic fallen from the grace) collects with his daughter pieces and pieces of car wrecks when a car destroys almost a little girl. Lesson # 1: Cars are embedded with immortal souls, and theft from car wrecks is the same as serious robberies. The wicked have troubled the dead and must be punished. - Right after that, another character (Rubin) buys a wreck of a car that intends to repair it and sell it as a renowned racing car, lost now, and is warned by the seller. Lesson # 2: Like any other person, a machine has a unique identity that can not be changed or replaced. In addition, there are doubts that Rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people would think only as junk, but ultimately this quality turns out to be a projection of Rubin's personal greed for more profit. Lesson # 3: Never treat your car as a means, but always as an end in itself. - then we have the scene where Rubin and, more importantly, Rubin have introduced the main character: The appreciation of the car's qualities is not based only on the exterior appearance, but also on a fine look inside the room. Lesson # 4: A machine is not just to be judged by its appearance, it is what is inside that really matters. There is a punishment for those who do not remember this lesson, as we see in the scene where another man is trying to sell to Rubin a fake collection car. This scene also highlights the importance of Lesson 3. There are many other examples in the theme movie "car = person", and I'm too tired now to bother quoting all but the point remains ( and I think that's really I'm trying to say that this movie is fun to watch if you have absolutely nothing to do - or if you're a devoted car.
