Near the closure stages of the Baby Mama, one of the central characters goes on to describe the baseline sketch of everything that came before, and summarizes that "everything was just a mess"; I really could not say better than that. And while this feature has a strange hope of hope, from time to time, the vast majority of what is present is too shy to be considered relevant and too inappropriate to deserve everyone's time. An unclear casting, mundane scenario and vague, caricature characters ensure that Baby Mama certainly does not tax ol 'noggin, but never does it by the sense of humor she proposes. Containing mostly common jokes, based on a strange (rich and poor) couple who attempts to live with each other while preparing to bring a child into the world, the film is far too esoteric to laugh in the face of the very demographic subtle. <br /> <br /> As a story about finding love, it's not that bad, but playing this plot of plot as a side story about how to work alongside the strange comedy couple's tangency, the characterization is significantly weak, resulting in a warm, never bubble story. As the characters themselves, both central figures are slightly fun when brought into small spaces, but when left alone, they are quick to unleash and reveal their nakedness; so that, while we could finally get to find the character's interactions with other fun sometimes, the comedy does not branch over beyond the far-away; we do not feel for the characters and we find them inherently interesting, but rather their dynamics. Unfortunately, although this dynamics works best or at least better than individual characters, as mentioned above, it rarely falls outside the typical boundaries of the weird couple formula. Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who hired the working blonde Angie (Amy Poehler) to be her surrogate and, after Angie decides to leave hopeless husband Carl (Dax Shepard), both must to learn to live together, differences. Yes, it's the usual premise for couples and one that we've already seen in what's happening in Vegas this year, but what does Baby Mama have that the movie mentioned above is both chemistry between performers and half-cast characters. Kate and Angie never manage to show a personality beyond their two-dimensional outline, and therefore both artists are neglected to play roles that require chemistry to produce from thin air. In fact, the only true performance and character of the film comes from the unused talents of Romany Malco, who becomes lumbered, playing a door man. Sometimes I laughed during Baby Mama, most of these moments were due to this man, and the rest usually fell to Shepard. It's a rare thing, of course, to find a movie that incorporates scripts into the way the world shot and was presented to us through the room, and yet director Michael McCullers is going pretty efficiently from page to screen. However, for a movie about children, millions of dollars of business and cultural stereotypes, this is not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is Grade A, Hammy, plastic plastic tinsel with the head covered with sugar. So, not only did I feel emotionally distant from the characters because of their two-dimensional nature, but I simply did not care about the world they lived in. The dialogue, along with the sets, costumes and general themes of the script, are painted in pastel and pink blues so much that all the nuances of mankind are lost in the director's incessant need to make his film feel like a distant fantasy; these are not characters and this is not our world in any way ?? So why should I care? At the end of the day, however, the final scatter of a romantic, successful or failed comedy is reduced only to its chemistry between its love interests and the frequency of its laughter; Baby Mother has little experience in any of these departments. Of course, to say that the movie is of no value, it would be unfair. I'm sure female audiences in a boat similar to the main character, Kate might get a slight blow from the procedure, but anyone else probably will just feel numb and probably bored. In this sense, the Baby Mama avoids being unbearable, but never convinces it to be remarkable or worthy to look at anyone outside of her immediate public; a comedic dude and a romantic mood, Baby Mama is too easy to be interesting and too shallow to be fun. - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
