** SPOILERS *** The mummies of the mummy, which is a mosque that involves this exodus in the Kings Valley of Egypt, which must be canceled to keep the native population rebellious against the British government, find out about it. Given the task of getting to this archaeological excavation by its British superiors Capt. Storm, Mark Dana, along with a few British soldiers and Mrs. Sylvia Quentin, Diane Brewster, wife of the head, Robert Quentin, George W. Neise, is heading for the mummified tomb of the mummy. On the way, Capt. Storm Sylvia and his men enter this princess Simira, Ziva Rodann, similar to the desert. Simira seems to be overwhelming in her ability to withstand the rigors of life in the desert, to drink water or to get tired, but also knows exactly what Capt is looking for. Storm & Co. and warns him and his group to stay as far away as the Pharaoh's tomb Ra Ha Tet. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> In the funeral room of Ra Ha Tet, Robert Quentin and his crew of archeologists, together with his guide in Egypt, Number Alvaro Guillot, are already opening their grave before Captain Storm arrives there to stop them . Quentin violated Ra Ha Tet's body by Dr. Farrady, Guy Prescott, stripping his bandages. This action on Robert and Dr. Farrady left Dead dead dead in his footsteps. Later, it seems that Number was possessed by the spirit or soul of Ra Ha Tet, who took over his body and caused them to grow up to 500 years old to become a mummy of 3,000 years. <br /> <br /> The film is dressed in what looks like a pair of pajamas that move around the tomb of Ra Ha Tet and its surroundings attack and suck the blood to survive as a vampire to any man or animal which the contact with. That Number's blood adventure, with the subsequent loss of his right arm, continued for some time until Quentin, who tried to find the entrance, thought he had already found it, at the tomb of Ra Ha Tet was killed a indoor slide. We learn at the end of the film that Number, to no one is no surprise, in fact, Ra Ha Tet is reincarnated in another, about 3000 years later, person or life. The sister of Mysterious and Sexy Simira is not only Ra Ha Tet's sister, since he and Number are really one and the same person, but also the Egyptian Cat Babesti! It's also not so hard to figure out. With Number / Ra Ha Tet back to his grave and all deaths, due to the Pharaoh's Curse, now Capt. Storm Sylvia and all that remains of his men and Robert Quentin's archaeological expedition return to Cairo and the modern civilization of 1902. The survivors of Pharaoh Ra Ha Tet the curse keep what they found and found only for themselves because nobody he would not believe them anyway.
