I saw the Belgrade Film Festival last week and still work on traumas. In essence, my opinion seems to fit with a number of others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, fun and promising. And I did well. Natural. My problem is not the fact that the hour and half of the final film have nothing to do with the beginning of the good, nor the fact that I spent most of this time agonizing with sharp industrial sounds, screaming about chewing hagi without teeth, chewing. It's more like the fact that NEVER has warned me !!! The synopsis of the festival brochure described only the first half an hour - a slut, a piano tuner and a meat salesman in a bar, claiming to be an ad agent, genetic engineer and a small government official, respectively - making mention of everything it happens with the incessant hunting of gums. I'm serving just because I do not read the reviews, it could be said - but for my defense, a series of reviews that I looked at post factum did not point out the immense and unbearable nature of most of the movie. /> <br /> The first hint should have been the introductory words of the director (a young Russian young Russian basketball player) who came in front of the crowd room (the movie seems to be incredibly well critically and the tickets have been sold long before the screening, although most of the public did not seem to be as conscious of the pain to come, judging by the multitude of moans and groans that glittered the theater for the last half hour, and many exasperated comments at the exit) to says: "Well, I ... Thank you very much for coming here to watch this movie and I just wanted to say ... well, it's a very long movie ... it took me four years for do it, and it's ... I suggest you see it and try to forget it right away It's very long Thank you for coming. That's what he said, the alarm bells should have sounded, what was he talking about? I thought in a happy confusion. "" This will be fun! Of course, until his strange apologetic comments start to make sense to me , it was too late to go out All I could do was eat more agony until the light came on again And finally I can not say that I feel anyhow improved by this experience Yes, I loved the first half-hour was absolutely intelligent, new, and he had a lot to say, and yes, Russia is probably in a bad state, yes, every society has many hidden faces, yes, the teeth-free life in the empty wilderness is probably , but I do not see any earthly reason for which the art and the meaning should be so agonizingly drawn and so painful to wear. movie somewhere between fantastic Hollywood plastic extremes and muddy vodka classes, try Chinese Korean binoculars (3-iron). It is artistic and surprising, but also point and fun.
