I begin to think there is a conspiracy, well: one involving a tremendous shot of money paid to those who have access to columns published in newspapers and film and art magazines to ensure that this or that film, despite its obscurity, will get to a higher status through a rating point he will label with "universal appreciation" or something in this range, making sure popular beliefs (like me) will wander in theaters or rent a bloody thing, waiting for her surprise, just to find me racing to the bathroom to upchuck. This movie is one of them. Make sure to bypass me and every article I posted came over because it is quite clear that two things would have happened: either I did not receive the message that is so hidden under the inner realms of the film to be impossible access, or they and me have watched two totally different films that happen to have the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the audience. No wonder he appeared and disappeared faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that despite the rating he received at Metacritic, no one has heard of it. It's terrible with sugar on top. First, there is the number four more and more present, from the beginning to the end. Although he has little symbolism here and there is good, and has been done with varying degrees of success in many well-known films, this film is panting with him. Four dogs at the beginning of the movie, looking at the camera in an empty street so far, when suddenly the cars appear in the foreground and the asphalt opens. Four people in a bar, although one of them is a non-entity entity. Three of them take separate paths, but they are still bound not only to each other but to their own lives. While this concept can work, the movie so much - especially with the story of the model would have been played by Marina Vovchenko entering into the extremely bizarre territory, and not in a good way - that the original theme becomes lost in translation. Or maybe, as I said earlier, I just "failed". The problem also lies in the fact that so much time is spent on the story of Marina (which revolves in the death of her sister, from bread-chewed no less, and the subsequent, pervasive mourning that follows) that any interest in Surrealism inherently dissipates without a trace. So, if the same frightening stories that the three foreigners change in a bar seem to have their truth? The director does not invest too long in them really binds together, or weaves a stricter story that could, in a way David Lynchian, intersect with either past-present or within alternative dimensions, or even as a simple scientific, worldly fiction story. This is an age-old struggle against an insurmountable wall that only a saint (or someone strange for his weird sake) can endure.
