MABEL AT WHEEL is one of those films with a story behind the scene, which is more interesting than the movie itself. This was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his apprenticeship year and his first reeler. Here he played one of his latest roles of villains (although the long length of TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE was yet to blame) and marked one of the last moments in which he would work for a director other than himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost kicked him out of the studio. Chaplin did not get along with his previous directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to the autobiography that was supposed to take the direction from a simple "girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during this film. Chaplin was still a newcomer to Keystone, and his colleagues did not know what to do, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was on the point of pulling Chaplin when he learned that the new player's films were caught and the exhibitors wanted more of them as soon as possible, so Chaplin was promised the chance to take the lead in return for finalizing this film so as Mabel wanted it. Unfortunately, none of these dramas are visible on the screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which looks like the typical Keystone chaos. The story is about a race in which Mabel's Beau (Harry McCoy) is scheduled to compete, but Charlie and his sinners kidnap the boy, and Mabel must take the wheel in his place. For all the around races, falling brick and biting with the finger on the film is sincere on the laugh, but there are some points of interest. There is good cinema and editing in the racing sequence, although there are really gags, just a lot of frenetic activity. Chaplin himself looks strange, dressing his goat's beard on his chin and wearing the hat from above and dressing the coat he wore in his first film, THE LIFE, but the outfit fits with the old fashioned crackle he presents all over. At least it's the novel to look at him playing such a non-characteristic role. Visible in the stands on the track are those Keystone masters, including Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a strangely dandy look, and a more characteristic Mack Sennett, spitting tobacco and routine. As an interpreter, Sennett was as subtle as the movies he produced, but you have to give him credit: he knew what people liked. These films were extremely popular these days. Mack's show does not add much to MABEL AT THE WHEEL, but he probably should have been at hand for filming to make sure his stars were not killed.
