After analyzing the large number of comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of science-fiction movies. They are those who are well read, highly literate and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, they know at what heights can go into the hands of a talented author. Throughout many years, fictional science has yielded to the basement of literature. I consider my critic to be more than just stories about al-rays and alien weapons for pre-puberty adolescents. Today's well-read fans know this story well and know the great authors Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction out of that basement. In this sense, they created challenging, intelligent ideas that stretched the boundaries and redefined the human condition. These well-informed fans are critical of what Hollywood throws. They are not critical to her sake, but they look at each offer with a skeptical eye. (Just as the Hollywood record should have been less than a star.) For these fans, the story must be of the utmost importance. They can not be fooled by computer flicker graphics and non-stop action sequences. When the Emperor has no clothes, they cry out the best. The second type of science fiction film does not have much knowledge about the genre's written look. (Look at many of the above comments that say "Well, I have not read the book or something of this author ...) Their total exposure to science fiction is from Scifi movies or films, they are extremely uncritical, willing to overlook huge plot holes, weak spaces and thin lines if given a healthy dose of wiz bang action and wonderful special effects. They are in fact willing to stop their critical thinking skills (or maybe not they had never!), while it is supposed to be based on Asimov's short stories and his name after one of his novels, contains little of what Asimov wrote, and even less of what he was trying to tell us about humanity and us (those of you who will be exhausted and will buy me, the robot will be very surprised - this film does not even rely on that story!) The film has enormous holes of plot, that in some points are stretched to the limits credulity, I will not Besides your spoon. You must practice your thinking skills and discover them for yourself. The characters, named after many of Asimov's characters, lack the critical intelligence that was a distinctive sign of his stories. The plot itself, with all the sequences of action, goes against all that the author stood. The belief that mankind has the ability to solve problems using the mind, not the fists, is vital to understanding its vision of the future. In short, other than the name, Isaac is very little about this film. There will always be the uncritical ones that say, "The film does not have to be like the book. Because of the environment, movies sometimes require changes." But a case where the movie never tried to stay close to the book (or books) from the very beginning? If what they got from the written work was the title? This raises the question: Why delete a large number of work by shooting the title on your empty piece? You save money and do not buy the rights to work. Title it something else. Do not use character names. Believe me no one will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact, it does not matter what you call the one who reads us, who accepts everything you throw away. But it is upsetting for those who are reading, thinking, who do not want to give you a fairly simple show. <br /> <br /> I, Robot, as much of Hollywood takes the genre, pushes Science Fiction back into that basement that lived years ago. Hollywood could not do this alone. It requires a mindless audience that will accept the love of love like this.
