After surfing the Internet, I found the "Homefront" DVD series at ioffer.com. Before someone was excited, the DVD I received was burned by an amateur of the home video tapes recorded by their television 15 years ago. Resolution and quality are weak. Images look like you would expect to see your old rechargeable video. Although the ads have been edited, the final credits of each episode still have voiced segway announcements in the ABC Nightline news program, complete with top titles since the early 1990s. Even due to the poor image quality, the shows have been watched, and the sound quality was good. At the credit of this show, casting was almost perfect. Everyone was credible and really looked at the side. Their actor was also above average. Jeff Metcalf's role is played very well by Kyle Chandler (most recently seen in King Kong's remake of 2005). The vintage costumes were very authentic, as were the sets, especially the 1940s, with vintage and decorative appliances. Direction was also creative and different for a TV show at that time. For example, character conversations have sometimes been interwoven with conversations about the same subject between other characters in different scenes. Dialogue of the various conversations has been kept fluid despite the back and forth cutting between different characters and locations. This has a good direction and editing and made it work in this case. As I began to watch this series again, I suddenly remembered why I lost my interest 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a beautiful show, plots and story lines are disappointing and confusing right from the start. First, the name of the show itself is completely deceptive. When the Second World War ended in 1945, it was no longer so obvious that there was no "house" anymore. Curiously, the first episode of the Homefront show begins in 1945 after the war is over. It's like photographing the first episode in "Gilligan Island," showing that the crucifixes are saved. The whole premise of the name of the show is completely lost. I kept hoping for the rest of the series to be a retrospective, but not the whole show takes place between 1946 and 1948. In addition, this series does not succeed in any attempt to accurately describe any events historical features of the late 1940s. By the third episode, it becomes obvious that this series was only a weakly closed vehicle for an ultra-left-wing political agenda. The show is located in the Run Ohio River near Toledo. However, the current theme of racism shows that it looks more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Part of the cast is Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr., portraying the Davis family. Much of the series shows that the Davis family is discriminated against by bad whites until it is ridiculous and totally absurd, if not laughable. The racism card was played and played by Hollywood over 40 years ago. I took. We are also tired of having our nose rubbed into it on a daily basis. The subject of racism is also unpopular with viewers and is the kiss of death for any show, as it was for the "Homefront". Williams, Winston and Macer's talents of action have been squandered in their roles as the "angry / angry" black family. The exaggerated war of this series makes it seem like everyone in Ohio was KKK members or something like that. The problem of racism could have been addressed in this show in one episode, with a simple punch in the nose or the fight with a fist where a bigot gets a well-deserved shot and leaves it to it. Devoting a large part of the series to the work of racism becomes really old very fast and simply stupid. In another ridiculous plot of plot, the big boss of a local factory (Ken Jenkins) is portrayed as a character like Ebenezer Scrooge, who is against pensions and raises and has no doubt about the drop of acid over his employees . Workers rebel and take the factory into a pro-communist propaganda message visible to the spectator. Personally, I think this series has had great potential. Writers could easily post chronology in 1941? 1945, as the title suggests, and has shown the hardship of rationing food and gas and 14 hours of work in war factories. Of course, the loss of brothers, sons and spouses fighting abroad would have added drama. The situation was also perfect for guest special guest writing as a military or USO person walking through their city during training or on a route to Europe or the Pacific. Opportunities for good story lines and plots are endless. But no, Homefront writers (David Assael and James Grissom) have completely ignored any relevant or interesting plots. Instead, they completely missed the point and strived in a bizarre and irrelevant obsession with racism and left-wing politics. It would be unjust for the actors to condemn the entire series, but the parcels and the situations in which they were placed are total garbage.
