A splendid example of how Hollywood could (and still can) take a masterpiece of literary fiction and do it stupidly. In the case of Big Sky, writer Dudley Nichols and the company arrogantly assumed they could improve a classic pioneering novel by Pulitzer award-winning author AB Guthrie. In this way, they removed the story's soul and any edge and impact that they might have had as adaptation to the film. The epic character of Guthrie's book and the evolution of his main character, Boone Caudill, from a naïve boy, Kentucky, into a tough and competent survivor / worker, was replaced by a cross with a small cross that does not look much like the intention of the author. In the cinematic version, Boone's presence is nothing but an overwhelming. The intriguing and even shocking elements of Guthrie's impact and enthusiasm have been removed for no apparent reason. The most puzzled of all is the emphasis on the character Zeb Calloway, who was an incidental minor character in the book, occupying only a handful of pages. On the other hand, a very important and fascinating character, Dick Summers, the pioneer of the veteran, is missing altogether! It is also obvious that director Hawks decided that Zeb's character in the movie, played by actor Hunnicutt, was not irritating enough. So Zeb / Hunnicutt has received much of the time to do that unpleasant, voice-over story, which is a short Hollywood cut for writing, editing, and incompetent screen direction. Some movies have actually improved the books they were based on (William Wyler's excellent "Ben-Hur" example). But this is awful and depressing not only as an adaptation of a novel, but as a film for himself. The story is boring and cliché, and the characters - at least those that have not been edited - are just superficial and boring shadows of Guthrie's literary vision. And, unfortunately, Kirk Douglas's appeal, which could have helped raise this film, has been hampered by the world-wide role he has received. If you can believe it, the movie version of the Guthrie Pulitzer sequel, "The Way West," also with Kirk, is even worse. In my opinion, "The Big Sky" further solidifies Howard Hawks's place as one of the most senior, cinema history.
