Yes, Kazaam is one of those terrible movies of bad things that almost recall everything that is wrong not only with children's films but also with humanity. Here we have Shaq as a cuddly - yes, a bad luck RAPPING - where he does everything, from doing bad guesses to dressing in ridiculous clothes, all ends in him in a poem like Christ, with a lot of light that surrounds him. So, yes, really, wait for cheese, including the first wish being a lot of unhealthy food falling from the sky (and unfortunately, do not get hit by the two main characters, especially the baby). What would not be expected is that a movie with a child and Shaquille O'Neill would be so incredibly schmaltzy! The main screenplay of the film involves this child who played in that fashion too typical and annoying of Frank Capra's child's ancestor (if the child calls out his dialogue affirmatively), who comes on a cute guy who was caught in a big- about boom-box. Then, "the abomination comes about" as the child makes Shaq-genie his quasi-slave while he waits for the last two desires as he tries to fine him with his missing gang father. Indeed, a sentiment of a father and father, truly sappy, controversial, would be quite bad, because there are certain lines that have been spoken in a million other films (that is, "the two chances of life" from father to son). But it is Shaquille O'Neill, which is both the reason to watch the film (ironically) and the obvious cruelty of the sinking. His line of plot implies, when he does not receive the overworked treatment at Capra, to rap in the dialogue and also to start his flourishing recording career. On top of that, he also kicks his ass and takes his name with the bad guys who want him back in the boom box. So there is a film camp factor? Up to a point, but this is even crushed by all strange scenes and "heart-felt" moments that have nothing to do with the rest of the material. One might wonder if those who did the movie, who made this obvious at the demand of the popularity of a BASKETBALL player who wanted to go Michael Jordan as a bandwagon if he was close to decent or convincing entertainment. We also hoped they knew they had just been paid. But we were even more hopeful that they felt at least a few guilty words for feeding the Shaq car. So if you want to have a fun night of Shaq as a genius-transformer-rapper-turn-wisecracker, the more fun for you. Hell, it might be really interesting to have a Shaq movie night with this and the other critically acclaimed effort, Steel. But if you're hoping to keep some brain cells, stay away from what's probably the worst film in 1996, and one of the many other candidates for the worst of the 1990s.
