Reviewing KAZAMAM and saying it is a bad movie is not at all difficult - after all, the critics from the moment they came out fell on their own, exciting this film - saying it was one of the most serious movies of the decade! So the fact that I say it's bad or someone else says it's bad is certainly not a surprise. It's like someone talks about World War II - basically no one says it was a good thing, right? The question I have and no place on IMDb can answer is "why did they do this first?". After all, it is obvious to anyone who is not seriously hurt that the movie would be horrible. But movies like ED (a baseball chimpanzee), COOL AS ICE (with the popular star of Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (who do not even have truffles in it), GENIUS BABY (children of superhero like Einstain) PINOCCHIO IN THE EXTERNAL SPACE (huh!!!) Demonstrates that any idea, no matter how bad, can do it on the big screen! So the idea of ​​the best basketball player of the time he played a genius of an inappropriate madman seems even "normal"! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a child who is quite tyrannical typing the closets in the hall of the school. Like the FREE WILLY punk, this kid is somewhat "misunderstood" (in other words, a total arm) and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible he is, by the end of the movie he will be taught something and grown . Just once, I want to see a punk kid like this end in jail or dead until the end of the movie! Finally, while neighbors are in the middle of his strike, Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) is freed accidentally and insists on giving him three wishes. But the kid does not believe him, and the magic of the cute seems to be a rust. Finally, the arm realizes that Kazaam is real. However, unlike most children, he refuses to make his wishes, so that in the meantime, Kazaam is forced to follow him everywhere - like his personal servant. And, according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the movie, Max and Kazaam will become friends over the course of their lives and a bunch of tears will be poured. Max and Max would have understood his absent father and mother's engagement. It looks like this cute is a bit of a social worker, in addition to being a giver of desires. As for Kazaam, Shaquille talks in rhymes through much of the film and even takes a break ... really stupid. I'm a middle-aged white guy and I think maybe I could rap at least! He's an amazing basketball player and I hear he's a nice guy - but a rapper ... in no case! As for his role, he was not great, but he had such a cute personality in the film that it's hard to hate him - even if it made him do a lot of very bad things. So the movie is as horrible as you've probably heard? through the first two thirds of the movie, I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to try all the best with an unwanted child and a bad scenario. However, later in the movie, evil becomes horrible - as Kazaam seems too preoccupied with helping the child when he really needs it. And, from nowhere, the plot becomes really strange - that the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (?!?!) Turns out to be a bad mafiot! And, strangely, this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a cute, without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the movie consists of people who try to kill Max and his father. I know the baby was annoying, but this should be a movie for kids! What part of the "attempt to kill the child" did not understand the writers? Then, in the end, making Kazaam the worst film of children ending in history, Kazaam becomes a god or something, and it's all like a drug-induced hallucination! This end was even stranger and stranger than the one in BLACK HOLE ... and boy, my brain was bad! Uggghh - horrible dialogue was just too much to wear !!! In general, it is a terrible film that is mainly due to writers who were definitely insufficient. Yes folks, with a confused message, material non-kid friendly bizarre and horrible characters, this is a fucking movie. Unfortunately, given the idea and the actors, it's hard to imagine that the final product turns worse! By the way, if you want to see a Genie in a modern movie that's good, try the British made for TV movie "Bernard and Genie" - a charming and exceptionally well-written movie from start to finish.
