This 1996 film was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre that I've ever watched and when I did, I was amazed by it. So much of the novel had been left out and I considered William Hurt as a terrible mischief like Rochester. Since then, I have watched all the other remarkable adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of the '44s,' 70s and '97s and the three mini-series of '73s, '83s and 2006s, and we noticed that there are worse and worse adaptations Rochester. This is undoubtedly the most refined adaptation of Jane Eyre in terms of cinema. Director Franco Zerifferelli is having fun in beautiful long snow pictures falling from a winter sky, Rochester lonely sitting on a rock, and Jane looking out the window - but it's less good to tell a story and bring characters to life. In addition, his script just scribbles the surface of the novel, leaving many important scenes highlighted. Consequently, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester and unfortunately does not include the humorous part of their sexual act. There is a series of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each of them nicely organized, but the pair of sentences they are changing is not enough to show the public they are attracted to each other. We know he should fall in love, but we never see it happen. The scene in which Rochester wants to find out Jane's reaction to his dilemma, putting his cases in the face before her, after the wounded mason has left the house, is totally lacking in the farewell scene, the most important scene - the climax of the novel is reduced to four phrases. Zerifferelli does not make the mistakes that other scriptwriters have made by replacing his own bad writing for Brontë's gorgeous lines, nor are they completely changed and rewritten scenes, but he does less offensive, but ultimately a big mistake just leave many important scenes. What remains is just a glimpse of the novel, which has no justification for Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. The distribution is a mixed bag: While Fiona Shaw is an excellent Ms Reed, Anna Paquin's younger Jane is more ill, Lolita, than a single girl, fond of love. Joan Plowright, who has a trusted everyday life, makes a Fairfaix lady very cute but very cute, and she can not feel that Billie Whitelaw should play the village witch instead of Grace Poole. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as an adult heroine, however, is physically a perfect choice to play Jane Eyre. Looking at just as much as 18, thin and fragile, with irregular and powerful features, she approaches most of my inner vision of Jane than any other actress in that role. And in the first 15 minutes of her screen I was enchanted by her performance. Gainsbourgh manages to let the audience guess the inner fire and the strong will that are hidden behind the stoic masks. But unfortunately, the script never allows him to further expand the more passionate and lively part of Jane's character. As a result of the exclusion of so many scenes and the leak of so many dialogues, Jane Gainsbourgh's portrait must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore unsatisfactory. This is a sin, as with a better script Charlotte Gainsbourgh could have been as good as Jane as Zela Clarke in the 83rd version. But although it is still obvious that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there is no followed by Rochester in the character William Hurt portrays. Hurt, who turned out to be a good actor in many good movies, must have been aware of the fact that he was so physically and miserable that he did not even try to interpret Rochester's novel. Rochester, besides being blond and blue-eyed, is noble, mannered and well-mannered, shy and quiet, slightly weird and eccentric but essentially good and angry. He is so far from being irritable, full of anger and slim, that the lines that refer to these features of his character are absolutely ridiculous. In addition, in many moments of the film, Hurt's facial expression leaves him wondering if he is fighting acute attacks of sleeping illness. Especially in the proposed scene, he grimaced like a patient rising from a general anesthetic and could hardly keep his eyes open. If you compare Rochester with the protagonist of the novel, happy and charming, simply full of energy and temperament, it's no surprise that many viewers are disappointed with Hurt's performance. However, he offends me less than Rochesters in the 1970s, '97s and 2006s and I would generally classify this Jane Eyre larger than the other three. Hurt obviously had the wisdom that he could not be Rochester's novel and therefore did not try to do so, while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could but failed , you are watching a character other than Rochester than a Rochester that is played badly. And I'd rather watch a Jane Eyre movie that leaves many lines of the novel, but it does not invent anything other than a version that uses upgraded dialogues that might seem to be said by a couple today in a Starbucks cafe. Of course, this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it is a harmless one, which is more than I can say about the adaptations of '97 and 2006. Therefore, I will not prevent anyone from pursuing this adaptation: you will not find Jane Eyre , but at least you will find a beautiful movie made.
