I do not like to use the word "terrible" to describe any cinematic work that spends much time, effort, talent and money in its creation, but Zefferelli's attempt to adapt Charlotte Brontë's novel "Jane Eyre" is the total loss of time. The script is lacking in finesse and power, all that is explained to the spectator in uncertain terms, leaving little to imagination. The main actors are miserable, clearly engaged for their star names, and the musical score is dropped and boring. Charlotte Gainsbourg and William Hurt have no chemistry at all. She is like a wet noodle, worse than Joan Fontaine, who at least was capable of a little emotional influence in what should be a story of frustrated passion. And William Hurt acts the entire movie in a tone and the tone is flat and energy-free. Of course, the limp and vapid scenario does not help any of these actors, otherwise, in their efforts to bring a smell of life to this movement. Joan Plowright's Fairfax is like a Disney creature that continues to appear to soften scenes where it would have been best left out. <br /> <br /> There is no mystery around the story of Rochester's first wife. The role of the second wife, played as a Barbie doll by Elle MacPhearson, is an empty figure. Fiona Shaw, a very big actress, is completely wasted as Jane's aunt, Mrs. Reed. She would have been better expressed as Mrs. Fairfax. Only Amanda Root, as Jane's beloved schoolteacher, evokes any genuine sympathy or credibility. <br /> <br /> I saw this version of Jane Eyre after seeing Robert Young for British television in 1997 with Ciaran Hinds, Samantha Morgan and Gemma Jones. There is no comparison. The young man is vital, romantic and deep in motion, is like a nova explosive compared to Zefferelli's wetness. I will now be interested in seeing the 1970 version of Timothy Dalton, about which I read some very good things on this website. I am amazed at how many people liked Zefferelli's book of Yorkshire. <br /> <br /> Everything I can say good about this movie is that the house is beautiful and the colorful cinema, beyond being a complete dock.
