Watching the cast, I recently watched this movie on TCM, hoping for an undervalued gem because I see many movies from the 1930s. This is not a jewel - not even semi-precious. Anachronic clothing and Rolls Royce limousine in the 1930s hit you right away. Pouring is also strange. But, above all, there are too many unusual and useless plot devices. This film has a lot of good ingredients and a basic plot that holds promise, but the ingredients are not mixed according to the right recipe. It simply does not happen the way it should. And that's a shame. With some pretty obvious but minor changes, this movie could be a very good movie. The film is about an American showgirl (Jean Harlow) looking for a wealthy British husband - preferably from nobility. He meets Franchot Tone and his buddy, who is in a bullet in a Rolls Royce owned by his patron. Harlow erroneously assumes that Tone is the Lord who plays the role of Rolls and that she is watching him. This early part of the film is a light comedy with no real distinction. However, Tone unknowingly discovers that his employer is actually a 5th Germanist on the eve of World War I, and when the film changes the tone altogether and begins to fall apart. Tone and Harlow are married, but as the honeymoon begins, she is shot by a guy Mata Hari (Benita Hume), and Harlow escapes from the scene with a spectator accusing her of killing Tone. (In fact, Tone recovers from wounds.) Harlow runs to France, where he falls in love again - this time with a rich French dial (Cary Grant). Tones, now in the army, and Harlow are unexpectedly brought back to Grant's hospital room, where they are detoxed from a plane crash. In the next scene, Tone accuses Harlow of abandoning her, because she is, in essence, a gold digger. Harlow never explains the witness "who accuses her of murder and her panic! This is one of those unreal, film-plot-break-downs in the story." Then Tone is also brought back into contact with the woman (Hume), who shot him in. She is on hand to track down the Paramor, Grant, to test the new plane he sent from England to his Tone, incredibly, both Hume and Tone are remarkably recognizable. Tone was shot and almost died, maybe his memory is a bit crazy, but how many men did Hume shoot to forget one of her marks? he does not seem to commit suicide to the loss of memory.) This is inexplicable and useless.Hume should have absolutely recognized him, but he played it when he realized that Tone had failed to put it in. That would have been a much better treatment for this problem. The finish is also for The film, as has been done, has Tone and Harlow conspiring to preserve the good reputation of the frame, Grant, leading to his fraudulent funeral hero. Then Harlow and Tone leave. It is noble to keep the French public's perception of their national war hero, but very unsatisfying as a love story! What the film implies is this: Harlow explains that he has run into panic in the face of murder charges; Tone forgives her and quietly regains her love for her; he then bears a torch for her, even while helping her install the collapse to preserve Grant's reputation. Meanwhile, Harlow finally recognizes Grant for his gift. Then, after seeing Tone for the courageous and noble man, Harlow regains his feelings for him as well. At the end of the film, the two become reconciled even when they work together to establish Grant's death. After the funeral of Grant's hero, we'll see them embrace them and kiss them at the fade-out. That would make a nice little movie. For Cary Grant's fans, it would have been even better if Tone had played the French gift that was killed and Grant the first long husband, reunited with Harlow. It is incomprehensible that Franchot Tone is expressed as the Irish living in England, while Cary Grant is distributed as a Frenchman. This movie would have been much better if it had reversed the roles. This would have been more favorable to the movie that should have ...
