Did anyone do this movie, especially the director, a thought for the logic of the story line? These are not mere plot holes, but they make graves, which are becoming deeper as we lose any sympathy for the main character and his situation. That is, if you are good enough a spectator to validly ignore the fact that most of the film is that the characters are either servants to the graves-hole hole, or boring and inappropriate. Or, in the case of Downey & Hannah's characters, seemingly superfluous. Indeed, considering that the reason for Downey's character during the film was significant, we decided that either the director liked his character and, unnecessarily, he magnified his screen (unlikly because the director did not change anything something else about the scenario he actually needed) or that his character would be sacrificed on the evil plot altar. I'll let you guess which of them should have been. I had to constantly check the DVD's cover to confirm that this was really done by credible talents. I can not understand why Robert Altman was going to take up this job. He certainly has a power to choose and choose. In fact, I can not understand why anyone would do this scenario, except for a first-time director looking for the experience. I think Robert Downey Jr. needed money for his habit. I suppose Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I think Robert Duvall has only received a few pages of the script and thought the isolated role seemed interesting. These are the only motivations they see, which will force good actors to take part in this film. As far as Robert Altman is concerned, many efforts have been made by him to make the film look fantastic. I woke up observing how she had framed such a scene, or used the bright orange floating vests in another scene to attract eye movements or imposed a beautiful filter to create a special mood. I usually do not see this in the movies, because most of the movies I bother to follow up to the end engage me for reasons of good stories and interesting characters with understandable reasons. I looked at this all by the end just because a ridiculous element of optimism in me looked at that DVD cover and I was convinced that due to the talent involved there must be a redeeming factor in this film. > Good direction. But that's not why I'm watching movies.
