... and you can look at this statement in different ways, by the way. First of all, it is a mess because of all terrible and extremely violent scenes. The wildest imagination is not even approaching some of the scenes explicitly presented here. The whole part of this film is simply sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal, and approaching jail. Now I love horror movies and I'm very "pro-violence", but I think it has to lead somewhere! Is it too much to ask? Cradle of Fear is just a series of completely sick and twisted thoughts. "The Movie" contains four separate chapters, linked to an encompassing story. This results in the endless presentation of torture, crime and illness only to find out that victims have something in common. Not too informative if you ask me. And yet - it must be said - the idea of ​​a basic plot has certainly a potential. This is a cannibalistic hypnotist who made an agreement with the devil himself to revenge himself and cause misery and death to all involved in his trial. Personally, I think it's an exciting subject, so she should have focused on it more than wanting to create the most disgusting film ever. Secondly, the entire production of this film was a mess. They did not have too much of a budget and they spent everything on fake blood and courage ... Tons of it !! The acting shows are a joke and some of the worst I've ever seen. Any other special effects outside the makeup look very amateur (for example, trying to produce a realistic accident). There is no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere ... not even an attempt to build one. Cradle of Fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say at least. With the presence of the death metal icon, Danni Filth (from the Cradle of Murth band, do you have to listen to the link?), This film is obviously only for the eyes of the teenage scholars who are trying to be controversial. The frightened women and boys who enjoy the concern of their parents, looking at these crap. And then people continue to complain that the number of suicides and juvenile delinquency increases ... Bah. I imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you are easily influenced or have an unstable mind. For every fan of horror, this film is an insult.
