This movie was made for Dani's fans (and Cradle of Filth). I'm not one of them. I think he's just an imitator going on black metal bands (I'm not a fan of black metal in general). But as we carry this DVD case to pay for it, I'm convinced that something less authentic is all the more trying to be convincing. So, I assumed I was on a roller coaster trip with rubber gorons, and do it with a sinister background. Now, that's what I like. I got home and got it in. My patience lasted for 15 minutes. The AWFUL camera works and DISGUSES the quality. And then it was (2002) that it seems he was shot using a Hi8 video camera. I left him on the shelf. Perhaps a pleasant evening with beer and candy would create a beautiful setting for this ... image. <br /> <br /> After several months I returned to her (in the surroundings mentioned) and I saw half. Then, not only did the issues in question annoy me. My conversation has evolved. I noticed how funny, Dani (height of 1.65m, 5'5 ") showed in his shoes a platform that breaks a head of a mugger outside (Yeah, strangely, his head apparently did not have a skull.) I noticed I also have this movie, but I have not finished yet, so I was not positive. After a few more tries, I finally finished this movie - a few months ago ... (Yes, it took me 5 , 5 years.) So Dani was actually funny like HELPER by Satan / Manson / super bad, and the movie did NOT make sense. Actually, I think it's just very, very bad, actually, both are and that's it pretty much. <br /> <br /> We have some short stories next to Dani's character. It was about a guy who STEALS someone LEG, because he wants to use it as his own. ROCK BOTTOM actor CGI is the worst ever I mean Stinger beats her (and, boy, it's Sting's CGI baaaaad.) The story does not make sense. The quality is ... Let's say that it is not satisfactory. The only thing that might keep you from seeing is unmotivated violence and gore. Blood and courage are done quite well. In fact, you can see that the movie came in and then moved. (Example - Dani 'The Man' Filth takes a stuffed cat - fake as he can - and thinks ... and then eating what has fallen ... Why? We never know, but we know this cat must be he was on illegal substances because his heart is almost half its size.) You might think, after my comment that this movie is so bad, it's good, but it's just bad. Cradle of Filth fans can add 3 points. I added one for gore.
