I read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so my expectations were invariably crushed. But they were crushed more than expected. The film would have been a decent film if I had not read the novel beforehand, which probably destroyed it. In any case, for some reason they changed the Toulon camp to a ship full of kitchen slaves. The scene at the bishop of Myriel was fine. In fact, apart from the kitchens, things survived until Fantine's dismissal. Because we do not want evil things to happen with a good woman, she does not cut her hair, sell her teeth or become a prostitute. What makes the worst is to run into the mayor's office and sneak up. Bamatabois is totally eliminated. Because the children who are not married should not speak, Tholomyes is Fantine's dead husband, rather than an irresponsible dandy. Valjean is able to bring Cosette to Fantine before the Champmathieu adventure, so they are meeting happily, another change. Then comes the monastery, which is a rather difficult scene to wipe out. Fortunately, it was saved. After these three minutes of precision, the film begins to feed on Classic Novel Butchering. As Cosette and Valjean travel through the park, they meet Marius giving a speech at a meeting. About the Penitentiary Reform. When it comes to distributing flyers to Valjean and Cosette, he says a single line in the movie that made me scream on TV. "We are not revolutionaries". I heard Victor Hugo tremble in the grave. THE COURSE IS REVOLUTIONARY! They want to revolt against the pseudo-monarchy that exists in favor of another republic, stupid scenarios! It is a historical fact that there was an insurrection against the government in 1832. At one point, Cosette gives Marius a donation from her father for the reform movement and meets Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not the eponymous of the book. This Eponine seems to be a secretary who works for penitentiary reformers (who work from Cafe Universal, unlike Cafe Musain). Not to mention the fact that the public is already willing to love them because of their exhausted, reduced, tight and mannered dress. The penitentiary reformers (the most miserable leaders of Enjolras that I have ever seen) decide that handing over the brochures is no longer enough. So they'll build barricades. I do not know about you, but I have never heard of the reform movements that were pushing through the streets, building barricades, and attacking government troops. Approximately three hundred people (not to be so many) began attacking the National Guard and building a bunch of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, fortunately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is a kind of exactitude, except that Javert's suicide seems again difficult to understand because of the tiny time of the screen and the strange character's interpretation. The film ends with Valjean following Javert to jump into the river. This is again inaccurate because Valjean would never have let Javert drown. He saved the life of man earlier, why let him die now? Then, the whole confession of Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration and his redemption on the deathbed with Marius and Cosette on his side. Generally, I can blame the scenario for problems in particular. While I'm glad Enjolras and Eponine were at least present in the movie, they were terribly misinterpreted, like the whole barricade scene. Eliminating the suffering of Fantine prevents us from feeling too much pity for her. Cosette knows Valjean's past from the beginning with a very good plot. I did not even see Thatardier, and Mrs. Thenardier had only a few seconds of time. Same with Gavroche. I really liked Frederich March's interpretation of Valjean, which was one of the redeeming features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, for all his good acting in other films, seems to have lost the brand to Javert. His trembling buzzing, unnecessary cries and acting in general, he just felt very wrong. He, as well as many of the Javerts I have seen, did not seem at all threatening, something that was supposed to be the character. Again, this movie will probably feel a lot better if I did not read the book. But I would not recommend keeping the purists. I would also say that the film would have been a good fit for the period when the French version did not appear accurate in the previous year.
