When I tell people I analyze movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is "What do you think about such a movie?" There are some problems here. First of all, there is the probability that I have not seen it and, therefore, destroy my reputation. Secondly, I could destroy the film without realizing that it is their favorite. Finally, I could be offered DVDs to be able to judge my opinion. So, I find myself sitting in front of the "Monastery," which is a kind of film that I would completely ignore given the choice, but who can not avoid here. More is sinful because this terribly terrible "horror" is as scary as a box of kittens. Following well-worn clichés, "The Convent" focuses on a bunch of American high school students on a trip to an abandoned monastery on a mission to be killed, put up and scared slightly. But will you never guess what will happen next? A group of demonic cannibal nuns came out of the spiders who continue to choose children one by one in a classic horror film tradition. Any of them will survive even more importantly, do not you have better things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves the "Convent" of being a total waste of time is that no one really takes it seriously, except Coolio's bizarre casino, like a hyperactive, fingertip policeman. It's too fun to be scary enough - the zombie cheerleader that makes chipmunk noises for no reason, the daily paint thing that appears when you become a zombie - but what really kills it like a horror is that you can say instantly when someone jumps and gets killed. But even if they tried, I still doubt it would work - the demonic nuns who wear the kind of makeup you see on TV show Buffy The Vampire Slayer are not really that scary. The most frightening thing about this movie is that over 10% of voters gave this maximum. I mean, I know it's funny, but I've hardly split my parts. To be honest, I had more fun in a dentist. "The Monastery" is not really a horror movie as such. It's more of a comedy horror, like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead," but you laugh at him instead. Frankly, I can not recommend this to anyone except the family of distribution and crew, but even then, I doubt very much that they would enjoy it. I do not like the genre "so bad it is good" - I personally feel that if the filmmakers can not be disturbed to save a turkey, then I should not be busting trying to look at her. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, she should have gone home and done something more constructive. Rubik's Cube, for example. The DVD box has two priced stickers - one for £ 4.99 and a low £ 3. But it was sold for £ 1 and that should tell you everything you need to know about this pox, a cheap movie, that's great. Sorry if you like, but "The Convent" is really a bunch of foolish nonsense.
