I've seen an interview with Rob Schneider (starring Marvin Mange in this movie). He said he wants to emphasize here the physical comedy so much that even if you had the volume off, you'd be laughing at this movie. Obviously it must be the secret. We had the high volume. In fact, we listened to this and thought it was a total disaster and disappointment - a great disappointment for Schneider's hilarious performance in "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo." The story is bad: Mange is a big loser who dreams of being a cop who fills up with a bunch of animal transplants after a car accident by a crazy scientist called Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton) and as a result begins to lose control of his "animal instincts". "This makes him a" supercop. "He can snatch up hidden drugs in the cavities of the body and the horses that go beyond it, of course, he also has a feeding nourishment to eat the cows and seduce the goats, but it is certainly a price you just have to do it, it just did not do anything to me. <br /> <br /> The cast has left much to be desired. Is there a more irritated actor in Hollywood than John McGinley? Sgt Sisk, Mange's commander on the police forces, as a repulsive character of the caricature (just like his doctor's character on the unexplained TV series "Scrubs"). I was anxious to take a look at the first "serious" job of Colleen Haskell may well be called "serious"?) She has, of course, won her fame as a competitor to the first "Survivor" and she proves here what we know from her: it's cute like a button What does not prove here is that it has u And what about Ed Asner as Chief of Police Wilson. I mean, how old is this guy now? It's the size of one of the cattle that Mange tried to eat and he did not seem to breathe all the way. I'm surprised she managed to shoot. There is a short cameo at the end of Adam Sandler (who also served as executive producer of this.) Anyway, I chuckled twice: Mange playing with his toys creaked in the police car, and the Schneider scene with Haskell and orangutan - the orangutan has more talent! So for two whistles - 2/10.
