Gloomy. Schlocky. Very terrible and terrible. Let's be honest, when you sit down to watch something called The Avenger Double-D, do not expect a great arts or even the usual entertainment. You probably expect a type of film worship and you can take a good look at some impressive busts. Under no circumstances, none of this is in the video. The story, as is consistent with most of these types, is inadequate: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, learns to have breast cancer, flies to South America for a fruit that claims to be a panacea for any illness and a super-human abilities, return and fights, dressed like a Double-D Avenger, a group from a local strip club wishing to overtake the competition. As the stories go, I have seen much worse, but, as another commentator mentioned the execution is terrible. Sequences of action do not have zip, drive, motivation and are thin. The actor is not even ordinary, and dialogue is holes. Nothing, and I WANT to say NEVER is funny from the hills to the harsh references of the sting. Everyone could be forgiven if the girls could do it, but they still fall very little. Kitten, Haji, and Raven from Croix are quite old (still delightful in their own ways), but they do not expose anything and become the antithesis of what they are trying to be: cartoons older and more full of cartoons of their former self. Instead, they look so desperate and desperate - more because of the vehicle they "play" rather than in their own abilities. There are other wonderful ladies, but you really do not see anything. PG-13 could be an appropriate assessment for this. The material, the actress and the director are tired, tired and dated - and again - DO NOT FUN! It was a brutal hour, in addition, putting it through this, and that's a shame, as I was expecting something of camouflage and fun. The guy who played Bubba was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was good at all your minds, but every time he opened his mouth, I was still thinking how terrible he was. The only bright spot here is Sci-Fi Chief Forrest J. Ackerman, playing the curator of a wax museum and talking Frankenstein's affectionate Frankie Wax. Besides, this is a complete bust - now how is this for another tired, terrible, tribute paper!
