Watching the first 30 minutes of Oblivion Sands gave me great hopes. It seemed like I was for a cheaper version of the mummy. Configuration was promising in the 1920s, Cecil B. Demille is opposed to the Ten Commandments. It seems that the use of real Egyptian artifacts for the movie set unleashed an old and terrible evil (not always?). Conscious of what had been unleashed, DeMille ordered the whole set buried instead of the usual practice of breaking it. Hopefully the evil will be buried with him forever. Then we go to the day a team tries to dig the site (the first mistake of the movie, but hey those costumes are expensive and this is a movie with the Sci-Fi channel). The first observations we receive about the Anubis monster are well made and it is a costume that they made an effort and not the usual effect of CG cheese. Then the number of corpses begins. This is the movie that went south for me. Reactions to the fact that people die strangely and strangely get a strange reaction to obedience. Once they realize that the ancient evil has been unleashed again and is in a situation of killing, what does the capital issue lead to man and lady? They make the usual stop for "the guy who knows the truth, but he did not tell anyone." After having obtained that vital information, do I share them with the comrades at the pier? No, I stop at a hotel for a refreshing shower and some nice talk. I am not the most motivated person indeed, but if I knew that an ancient Egyptian demon was at liberty and killed everyone in front of his eyes and who would come after me, I would have put a little movement in my step fix the problem. After this middle and superfluous section, they are destroyed until the Anubis monster is destroyed by racing around dune bugs and shooting it with a rocket launcher while sitting beside a bunch of phosphorus grenades. For a Sci-Fi movie, it was over the usual shit that they brought out, which does not say much. What disappoints me is that this could have been a lot more if someone wrote a decent script for him.
