I have never been a great fan of Mormon's films. Being a Mormon, I always felt that humor was too exclusive to the LDS community and made us look like a bunch of obsessive wackos. We hoped that this would be the breath of fresh air, the film Halestorm that I could finally discuss with my non-Mormon friends. Well, I was wrong. I thought, because he had the B-list talent, such as Clint Howard, Gary Coleman, Andrew Wilson and Fred Willard (one of my favorites), this should be at least a little funny. And, in addition, the basketball of the church is ripe, with the potential for a lot of hilarious gags and the like. But I have to say that throughout the movie, it seemed that no one knew what they were doing. Every joke fell, and every opportunity for a really funny gag was ignored. The dialogue was unclear and the movie had some of the worst character developments I've ever seen. Each character, but Wilson was less than dimensional. It's hard to believe that, after nine re-writing, the movie was still as old as a job of the train I witnessed. I can not put the anger I felt through that. My friends and I were extra in the final stage of the game, so I went to the premiere in Washington City, UT. Kurt Hale, the director, was there, and I have to say I avoided any contact with him after the show. Waiting for the door, seemingly ready for feedback. I could not help saying that his film not only broke a good hour and half of my life, but left a nasty and painful scar that I will never forget. some specific problems I had: there was a subplot of minor love story between the architect and the pianist, but these two characters came out of nowhere and were impossible to care for, so my friends and I were constantly letting us we wonder why he should have cared about these two lame, uninteresting characters. There were many highlights that appeared from time to time, each promising the audience the chance to laugh, but each came and went into a smoke smoke, ending before you can even begin to care. This was pretty much how the whole movie felt. This movie was a major defeat, and I feel stupid to all those waiting for the first real Mormon funny movie. True, the jokes of this are not too exclusive to Mormons. Then again, it's hard to say what a joke was and what was a loud noise in my ears. Please DO NOT see this movie. Keep in mind the imagination that this movie is hilarious. Have fun with the disappointment I've been through
