After watching this after receiving the DVD for Christmas 2005, I came here to hide it - but after reading the other comments, I have no heart. Clearly, this is a movie that worked well for children of a certain age. Well, not to be a complete Grinch; they may still work for some children - if they are not too saturated in the media and have not become visually sophisticated, from watching all LOTR and Harry Potter. But if you are an adult, stay at mercy away; you will not enjoy it. Good Men: Barbara Kellerman as a Witch, especially in his early scenes with Edmund, creates only the right mix of the charismatic evil and the maddened madness. Michael Aldridge as Teacher's minor role and Jeffrey S. Perry as Mr. Tumnus also has a kind of polished and skillful action that we would expect from the best BBC drama. And Aslan costume works very well, amazingly well. They just had the right eyes. Bad bad: almost anything but two areas in particular. One, pouring. England is full of good actors and contains tens of thousands of attractive British Scottish children. How could it have ended with these four sticks? They move like wood soldiers and they talk well. Peter has no gravitas or charisma (and is noticeably shorter than his assumed lower brothers); Edmund is just whiny; and Lucy ... Sophie Wilcox as Lucy is so dramatic, visible, drastically wrong for this part that I can not imagine how he got the job. Two, animal costumes. Again, they seem to have worked for some children. If the children are still at a level where Big Bird and Elmo are exciting, credible characters, they might be excited about this film. But a viewer with the sophistication, say, of a 12-year-old child who saw Prisoner Of Azkaban? When Mr. Mister Beaver comes out of this tree, there will be cruel and ridiculous thieves. The costumes simply do not work - I could not, and I think any modern adolescent or adolescent could not, suspend the unbelief when he looks at Mr. Beaver. The animation pulled later (gryphon, etc.) works better, is easier to take. So: ten stars for the very young and delicate of the soul; everyone else reads or re-reads the book and watches the much better movie that unfolds in your imagination.
