I'm a film student and I've been for many years. And the concept of a cyber-chimp chimney, kung-fu, asked me: "Is this movie that will break the mold?" Let's face it, America has never been disappointed by any cinema with a simian costar. After such big classics like "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In", I thought the best ideas were already taken. But then comes "Monkey Funky". I laughed, I cried, I thought of suicide. Now I read about demon possession in the Bible, but that still does not explain why anyone would create such a bad product. First of all, having at least some kind of intelligence, I realized that a chimpanzee was actually a monkey, not a monkey. However, I was sure that the filmmakers would clarify this issue further in the film. They did not. Let me summarize this work of art: A company named Z.I.T. decided to prepare the chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think he mentions something about soldiers working for bananas, but when it costs about $ 13 million of government money to prepare a chimp, that does not seem cost effective. Well anyway, Z.I.T. brings a CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to train Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is all Z.I.T. She hoped. He can take a whole bunch of guards who seem to have acquired training skills at the local mall, and yet they manage to remind us that we are watching a child's movie. As you probably guessed, Modine notes that ZI's intentions. may be bad (Gasp!) And decides to interrupt Clemens. Being a CIA agent and everything, Modine knows that the best way to get away is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, make regular appearances on TV, fight the crime, and use checks to pay everything. <br /> ZIT finds where Modine is located and sends two of the best to recover it. Are these guards probably the greatest comedy crew from Martin and Lewis or Turner and Hooch? It does not matter anyway, because eventually, for a heck of twist that ends, good boys win! Hurray! Follow for predictability! Throw yourself into a nerdy child that learns to be herself, a lonely mother who needs a meeting, and music assemblies with songs that would even be neglected by Radio Disney and you will have Funky Monkey. The climax of the film? A football game! Played by thieves, bumblers, a chimpanzee and the terrible boy. No one seems to take care of such replacements to a high school football game. Funky Monkey never leaves! It's the edge of the fun of the place. Some might even call it the "American beauty" of monkey-like features. After completing this epic, I remembered hearing a story about a railroad worker who lost much of his brain function when a metal rod pierced his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal bar among movies.
