I watched this a few days ago, so the details become cloudy. The film is shot in handhelds, and many were made when they were originally released because we did not have many studio photographs made in this way. I can not help thinking that it was more than a gimmick than anything else designed to make the public believe that what we see on the screen did not have all the compromises that come with a big budget and so it was more "real". However, what we have here is only an incessant rupture of the first half of the Full Metal Jockey, so anyone who saw this or any of the other rips there will know what to expect. The main problem I had was the stereotype character , with the soft children of childhood, of their height, singing harmony, Ebonics, which brought out the blacks, the tired sergeants in the world, the bitter and distressed psychics, etc. all being put in the kind of situations that would give the greatest friction and tension at some point. Perhaps this was intended to highlight the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was lazy, or perhaps it was just a committee that tried to appeal to the greatest audience, everything I know it was annoying. A novel thing was the mix of volunteers and drafters (where normally all the characters would have been forced into the situation), although only scenes between the two main characters really make a long break. This seems to be the main pivot of the plot, the volunteers reaching their senses, and the drafters gaining a feeling of self-worth and self-worth, but everything done in a rather forceful and unclear manner. The other bug I had was how all the characters (except psycho and real software) would react to every inevitable conflict, to the first aggression and to the threats of violence, confronted with Farrell's omnipresent stoicism, reasonable and diplomatic. I think if I had to find a plus, it would be the action of the two leaders, who were strong and very convincing, given the formal nature of the characters, not too loud. In my imagination, Bozz grew to be Zeke off the Tour of Duty, and for my money, 4 episodes that would be more fun to watch.
