A friend once told me that in a cinema it had been an independent movie, which, at the closing of the movie, the audiences were so angry that they preceded the destruction of the cinema. Of course, my imagination fled amok, trying to conjure up the content of such a work. Well, now my imagination can be made available. I'm a fan of Andrei Tarkovky throughout my life and a burning admirer of his work. I met many people who thought Tarkovski's films were moving slowly and inert. Considering how these are, I have found that this is not true of the late director's wonderful works, which are made with meaning, beautiful compositions and complex philosophical questions. At the hearing, Aleksandr Sokurov named Tarkovski's heir, I was delighted to know his films. Except for an outdoor walk through the fields (Stalker), this film has no relatives that Tarkovsky has finished. It does not seem to have the slightest meaning, not even a mindless level. The "superb" cinema is supposed to be devoid of any compositional craft. There is no balance, no proportion, and the exposure meter seems to have fallen with the batteries in the frozen snow. The main character is so reckless and indecisive, it makes you wonder if his father might have been alive if he realized it sooner. Also, I am not inappropriate for non-plot or story lines that progress in several nonlinear modes. But there is not even a story here. You must surely enter this movie with a shaven head if someone would come out without anything gained and nothing will be lost because hair pulling would be the only possible answer at a pace that could make a Tarkosky time sculpture as if Jerry Bruckheimer briefly filmed a Charlie Chaplin. I will not rule out the fact that this could be one of Sarkuro's (Sarkozy's) Solaris, but conclude that he is one of Tarkovsky's heirs based on this film - we would call Paris Hilton the successor of Aristotle . Boys, do not be afraid to say that. No amount of impressive words will magically bring this celluloid corpse. I do not confess that I fully understand the Russian cult and I probably do not have Russian values, but I immediately took over Tarkovsky's work as something magic, a treasure and a gift for the viewers. did not have Sokurov's name on it and was broadcast by saying Saturday Night Live, I'm sure no one will "read" all these magnificent analyzes in this wet noodle of a movement.
