Although the film could have been "true" for Lewis' book (where the script was essentially word-for-word, in itself), he did not even capture the grandeur that would otherwise be associated with an epic story like this. Mythical creatures (unicorns, centaurs, griffins, ghouls, ghost) are drawn and, as in the previous review, the green flight sequence was very difficult to swallow. I almost laughed at death when I saw the humanoid shepherds with their rigorous rigorous costumes and teeth lips; I almost cried when I heard that the wolf "roared ..." a man in a gray gray suit that screamed as loudly and cuddly as he could. All the action is forced, in particular, by the little Lucy Penvensie ... I could take so much indignation, despair and give my teeth to a watchmaker (for fourteen hours). The actress who plays the White Witch, in all her histories, seems to be at home on stage, where an expanding voice, scattered weapons, and a healthy effort on something Shakespearian would be more than welcome. <br /> <br /> The sets feel claustrophobic, whether scenes take place indoors or outdoors. Inside, it's like the BBC could only afford $ 100 to build a set, so it's very small and all the characters are constantly crowded together. Witch's White Castle is a ruined English castle, swallowed, full of Styrofoam statues and bad illumination. When Penvens kids wander through forests - in fact, any scene in the forest feels like they're just wandering in circles. <br /> <br /> The only thing that looks decent in the movie is Aslan, but you can bet that the BBC probably blew the entire budget of the film into building the mechanical feline. He looks great when he is quiet and before he starts talking, but once he starts to move, you can not please the poor who must be in the back of the lion suit. <br /> <br /> Yes, if you are a Narnia hardcore fan, you may want to see this version simply because it keeps every word that Lewis ever wrote - but Lewis certainly was not a screenwriter and many of the dialogue feels weird and weird when it's on the screen. During the scene where the children are at Beavers and are preparing to flee wolves, Mrs. Beaver continues, "Oh, more, more things, dear, and then we will be ready to go," the children point out simultaneously, sighing Sighs, "No, Mrs. Beaver, I AM PRAY!" - a comic relief scene, so incongruent (they should be FLEEING from imminent danger, not wondering whether to pack the sewing machine or not), get rid of the drama the scene might otherwise have. In fact, the whole movie is adorned with the right pitch, such as these. <br /> <br /> I would recommend seeing the new Narnia (Disney 2005). The new, up-to-date movie, a spectacular computer animation, a wonderful moment around all, and a wonderful and angry White Witch (playing her role with the subtle evil of a politician driven, unlike a striking banshee) surprises all of the grandeur and magnificence of the world of Narnia without destroying the least of Lewis' original vision (I believe). Lucy is more cute (no teeth in your pocket, YAY!), Just like buds (and realistic of sizes), and bratty BBC Edmund has nothing divine, desperate-hungry-for-acceptance-unsafe-and-angsting -in-Inferiority-Edmund Complex, which new versions of the Disney version. <br /> <br /> If you are not the guy who enjoys losing the fun time of campy movies, I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
