*** THIS MAIN CONTAINS, SPOILS, IT IS NOT MATERIALS, WHAT IS THE BEST PATENT EXCLUSIVE *** Oh, God, where does it start? Well here - this is the first time I ever came home from a movie and I said, "I have to go to IMDb and write a review of this NOW. It's my civic duty." This is the evil of this movement. <br /> <br /> * Start digression * But let me just say one thing before I start. I'm not a bit of Harvard-art-major-film-noir-weenie (actually, I was at college at the other end of the Mass Ave in Cambridge, the place where intelligent people without wealthy dads and trust funds, to put me directly in the nerd censorship group-who would be-obsessive-love-comic-book-film, and yet I hated this movie ...). My preference for viewing is for the cinematic opera, which includes the filming of Die Hards, Bond, Graffiti and Grail. I wish the Titanic had never been sank, not so much for the lost lives, but we would not have been subjected to that dung of a movie. And the only reason I'm going to watch a French art film would be if he's a young and often dishonest, Emmanuelle Beart. I even gave Overdrive the maximum one of his 10 precious ones here on IMDb, for God's sake. So I'm just as superficial as they come, so I'm not criticizing this movie because I'm looking for a standard of cinematic excellence - it's because Elektra ruins like a dead three-week-old goat. * Deviation from the end * OK, it is so bad here that I have to try to categorize it. Here goes: <br /> <br /> MS. GARNER: One of the compelling reasons a man would like to see is to see a bunch of hot JGar (I have no idea why my wife wanted). I think between this and "Finding Nemo", the latter was the most sexy movie. Do you know the red suit he promotes wearing in every angry ad that you see? You see it in it TWO - once in the beginning, once in the end. Sin. In the other cases, she actually shows what Morrissey would look like if she were a woman - a lot of strange and black clothes. Which brings me to an incredible range of expression that JGar displays in acting - from "robbery" to "pulling and crying". God, you thought she was forced to meet Ben Affleck or something so horrible that way. Wait ... BAD GUYS: They show the same range of expressions and acting skills you would expect from a slightly overlapping grapefruit. At least near JGar's performance, it does not differ much. One of them has the role of sitting there and being huge, others sitting there and getting out of it, and the woman's role is to sit there and breathe and / or kiss people. They manage to get these incredible facts. The main evil man has the most difficult role of all - he must SIMULTANEY a) appear angry and b) appear Asian. He does a good job of doing this. I think there was a fifth bad guy, but my brain starts blocking parts of this movie in self defense. <br /> <br /> TWISTS PLOT! This film has as many surprises as a speech to the National Democratic Convention. Let's just say that - my wife, who has been in the US for only half a year and speaks only a small English language - whispered this to me when the girl first appeared in JG's gutter and swear to God that I am not doing this: "Go home to kill the girl, and the dad." And this is before the father appears on the screen. Now, my wife is not bad, but she is not clean of Mensa and her gifts, and she has a zero exposure to Daredevil or to the comic book genre. And she imagined that in 1,00015 seconds, without any prior information. This is the obvious obviousness of this film. <br /> <br /> COOLING BEFORE YOU ARE STUPIDITY! Okay, so this is the big guy in the movie. He can shoot a rifle shot and shoot his shot as though it were glittering, and maybe take a Electra hunt on his chest and bend the metal (or melt it - or something - more defense, thanks to God). But JG jumps and explodes? A noggin of Achilles? O.K! That's the stupid madness of this film. I started to feel a cerebral hemorrhage, so I have to stop. But you were warned. If you have to intentionally cut your own tires to prevent you from visiting this movie, do it. And if Armageddon will come, please let it be> before it appears on DVD.
