* Warning - no plot spoiler, just the spoilers of the movie ... * My other significant rented this for me, thinking it would be a great story with an all-star cast. Wow - very, very wrong. This movie is an exaggerated, over-exaggerated and too sentimental excuse to theatrical release of a student movie 15 years after it was shot! The date of copyright registration on the tape said that in 2005, as early as the first retrospective, I looked at the clothes and hairstyles that had to be in the early 1960s and I noticed that the girls wore especially the gowns and coins in the late years '80 / early 1990s. It looked like he'd been shot 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to feel comfortable that it was a retrospective and should therefore seem old but it seems WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY for more than 80 years or even XXI century trying to become 60 years ... then a team the adult character of the main character appears and he looks like the boy presented in retrospective sequences (yet he is a different, much older character, whose young man is presented in flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw the special features included in the short film - all the retrospective sequences, shot in 1990 as a full-fledged student film with the same title as this movie! It's also a commentary that includes the ever-growing baby boy (and indeed, acting colleague in the 2005 scenes). Thus, this film is just a storytelling story wrapped around an old, re-cut student film, put together as an obvious excuse to arrive up to the time of running in the theater. The shell story, shot in 2005, refers in large part to a man who has lost his wife and finds healing and redemption in the dance class, promising a dying man to participate in it (something about a man's promise dying in the early 60s to his girlfriend, will meet on "the fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to shoot the segments surrounding the old film in 2005 "These new scenes and plot could have been OK, except for the horrific, overly sentimental score that repeats the ad-museum over almost every new scene and the climbing action that penetrates the new film." Well-known cast - it's terrible.
