When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel turned into film, I was intrigued. Being a fan of the book, I assumed he would play Tony, Roz or Charis, but I was intrigued to see how this novel would be very romantic, almost psychological (but not a psychological thriller) to a film that would be accessible to those who have not read the novel and which would be at least satisfactory to those who have. The book is a complex reflection of society, women, and modern life, and I was interested in seeing how they used the three different narratives that lead to the story's unfolding in a movie. What they actually did was a crime. The biggest mistake and the confusing problem is: Why Oxygen, a network that promotes as being for women, takes an amazing book about how complex, wonderful and terrible women are and can be, and to change the protagonist from 3 women to a former mad policeman without any real reason to be involved in the story? Apparently anyone who adapted it had an easy way to use this guy to ask Pink, Tony and Charis about how they met Zenia and doing that, they rushed to go over the book. By doing so, they have gone crazy about the story and cut off everything that's great about the characters in it, except to make the audience have no credible credibility to associate. In the film, these women are not people, they are characters. In Zenia's book he falsifies his death, but the book mentions that it will reach that point, while the film will lose 30-45 minutes focusing on this former policeman running around and doing nothing to use. They have tried to make this complex book an episode of law and order or CIS. It seems Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was so wrong. Zenia is a Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or perhaps even a Scarlett Johnasson guy. She is a woman whom men can not adore, and a woman women are intrigued and threatened, but in a "keep your enemies closer" kind of way. And once it approaches, it seems totally authentic and trustworthy, despite your better judgment. She is the kind of woman who, even when she loses, wins: she is always beautiful, yet rich, and there are always people out there who do not know her play. , Zenia did not take Charis's husband (American Blonde, who used Charis first ...), but he took her August and tried to become her legal father (and it seems has come back as a lesbian lover, kissing at the cafe assumes). And Zenia killed the chickens before leaving with August, but it made no sense, since all the construction was eliminated. It was as if someone who wrote the script was grabbed by sparkles to satisfy those who read the book, but I think if I did not read the book, I would have mistaken the whole movie if I had bothered to stay with it all. Pink's husband died before Zenia came to the film (which has been odd since Zenia took Pink's business and family life in his book, which is why Pink hated her so much much) and she and Zenia conspired to kill her husband Pink years ago. And according to the film, Tony and West had met forever ... even at the party where Zenia and the West (in the book) painted the whole black spot and made Tony look totally with him (and bad, angry) a person who has always been respected by everyone for her intelligence and popular for her. Tony's character was so wrong in this movie ... he looked like a little psychopath and the brain behind the conspiracy that went down, unlike the kind of astonishing, light reflexive lesson he found in the book. The film implicated, in principle, that intelligent women are evil, beautiful women are evil, strong women are wicked, and women who teach yoga are out of their rockers. In principle, they tried to do it so that Zenia was not necessarily terrible as she was in her book, and then finally, the three women convince the former policeman (who, of course, in the process of investigating this encounters Zenia and has an affair with her, which is supposed to end with them in Barbados or something ridiculous, which, of course, Zenia stops) to hide the body of Zenia (whom they have found, but the movie implies that one of the three women pushed her over the balcony or conspired together to do it ...) and Zenia also managed to take all Pink's money into this process. By the end of the movie I was only half-hearted between b / c commercials that spiraled so far into space from what it could and should have been. If you are not confused about the breakdown of the movie, maybe you would like it, because I read the book and I saw the movie, and only in the movie are ridiculously confused. It was terrible. I understand that making a movie from that book is a pretty big task, but if you have a task, you should start by determining what is useless in the book instead of creating a useless character to be Alice in the wonderland. <br /> <br /> There really are fluorescent books that Oxygen could make at least half of decent TV movies?
