If I had never read the book, I'd say it was a good movie. But I read the book. Who wrote the script ruined the story. There are so many changes that he was not really worthy of the title. Characters changes, plot changes, time line changes ... First time who was Henry and the investigator? They were not in the story. Henry had Mitch's character somewhat, but Mitch was not a cop. You did not do that Pink, you helped sink your body and used it as Zenia's blackmail against Pink. The so-called real blackmail was Pink, believing that Zenia was sleeping with her son and that she wanted her to get rid of him. Her son was also blackmailed because she was hiding being Gay from his mother. Her son was not even mentioned in the story. I do not think he was his lover, Pink's secretary. Tony and West were not together at first. He was actually with Zenia while in college. The black painting apartment was their idea, Tony just went to visit. Here meet Zenia and Tony, they become fast friends. Tony hides his love for the West. Then Zenia went west with money from Tony, then West and Tony got together. Eventually he marries, at one point the West leaves Tony again for Zenia for a short period of time. Just to have my heart broken again. Then go back to Tony. Zenia's blackmail for Tony was that Tony wrote a test paper for Zenia. Now being a college teacher, he did not want to let her out. I'll say that the character who played Tony did a great job. Charis was blond, not that it matters. Zenia did not cheat her to have cancer while Augusta was alive. She was not there when Charis had a boyfriend named Billy. Augusta's father, he was a watchdog in the Vietnam War. Finally, after Charis took care of Zenia for months what was actually the withdrawal of the drug. Zenia and Billy have a business right under Charis' nose, while they deal with both of them. Then Zenia turns into Billy in government and leaves on the ferry with him. Not with Augusta, Charis was pregnant with her. Charis also had a split personality, Karen was her real name. Zenia did not die from being cut into pieces ... she fell or was possibly pushed (I did not really know) from the balcony and landed in a fountain. She had heroin near purity in her blood, and she was likely she got some ignorant and fell while she did. He also really died of Cancer this time. He did not show any childhood memory or something that loved the character reader. The book was stripped to the bare bones. Then it is done in someone else's vision. Why could not you write your own story after you made the movie? It was quite different and I think more could have been done.
