I came to watch this movie (very long) because I was fascinated by its stupidity and naivety. It is hard to believe that so many famous people (Anthony Quinn, Lawrence Olivier, John Gielguld, Vittorio de Sica, etc.) voluntarily participated in this farce. But maybe in 1968 people were * so naïve? The plot appears to be written by a confused Latin-American Marxist priest with an agenda. There is a superpower conflict and the Russians are actually good boys, the Secretary General of the Communist Party being a beautiful and spiritual man who suddenly sees 20 years of light and feels forced to relieve his bad conscience by releasing a prisoner priest from a Siberian gulag. Then the priest promptly becomes the pope through a series of coincidences. We are allowed to see the Papal Vatican secret voting process, which is presented in the most hilariously pious form you can imagine. Meanwhile, Communists in China have achieved the usual socialist economic miracle, country to death. To solve this minor hallucinate on the brilliant path of communism, they want to start a nuclear war (to distribute the Western capitalist wealth to the poor workers in China in good faith). The secretary is worried and calls the Pope just before his crown to ask him to make peace. They meet with Chinese comrade Peng, who looks and acts as a 15 year old boy. You'll run on the floor laughing about what the Chinese thought in 1968. Comrade Peng asks Western capitals to pay (which is quite logical, after all, capitalists do not always have to pay for socialism's madness) and that the Pope must also sacrifice something for the common cause of equality and social justice. When the pope is crowned in Rome, he promises the entire wealth of the Catholic church all over the world to feed our Chinese brethren in Christ. And so it saves the world from the nuclear holocaust. Besides, there are some minor sub-plots, which unfortunately do not offer too much to redeem this incredibly stupid movie. I'd give him three Oscars for silly. By the way, Anthony Quinn seems quite unlikely as the Pope. He is more plausible than Zorba, the Greek.
