And I repeat, please do not see this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record of the most serious comedy ever made. At least with the latest recent comedies, the bands are raw and flat, but writers and directors have made at least some effort to make them funny. I have never tired of repeating one of my favorite motto: Everyone thinks they can make comedy and only 10% of them are right. Comedy is hard! This is not a kind that any fool can play with him. I think it's terrible that filmmakers are comparing this piece of garbage with "Kentucky Fried Movie". Basically, these bosoms compare the so-called comic talents to those of brilliant Jim Abrahams and the Zucker brothers. Come on, I saw movies from Pauly Shore, which are 10 times more fun than the "Underground Comedy Movie". Here's a sample of comedy for those curious to see this movie: A sketch involves a superhero dressed like a penis called D ** stray. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by spraying with sperm. That's it. That's all the joke. Wow. This is enough to get Carrot Top to throw his eyes. Another sketch involves a man who has sex with a dead person in a porn movie. And in another sketch, there is a beauty contest for ladies, in which we are exposed to the middle-aged middle-aged, bikini-dressed oranges, with beer and stretch marks. In addition, fun of the homeless is sadder than fun. It's a step away from the mockery of those with mental disabilities. The whole movie should be a satire. I think the directors have forgotten that a key element of satire ... is Truth! For someone who enjoyed this shit, explain to me what is true about any of these gags! Some of the sketches sounded funny on paper, but anyone who took any screenwriting lessons knows that if a visible gang looks too funny on paper, it's probably not funny on the screen. If I tell someone about a big, black, muscular gay virgin who saves himself for the right man, he probably laughs. But watching the premise on the screen for about 10 minutes is a complete shot. I do not like how every time people criticize a comedy of this kind because they are not funny, they are considered blocked squares. I just saw White Chicks recently. It's another unclear comedy from a political point of view, but I laughed at my head. The most offensive thing about Underground Comedy Movie is that it's not funny! What writers and directors do not understand is that just being dirty and tasteless does not work. There must be more! Just think of the famous scene from "There's Something About Mary" (ironically, quite a lot of boza makers put Farrellys on their special list of thanks). The jerk joke was not just fun because it involved body fluids. It was an accumulation. Ben Stiller masturbated in the bathroom to make sure he did not come to a meeting with a "loaded gun". Then he looks around to see where all the sperm left after being released. A beating is on the door and must respond. His date, Mary, is at the door, and then it's revealed that semen is suspended by Ben's ear. In this movie, there are more gangs involving characters that spill semen loads into humans without any accumulation. As Jay Leno always says, "This comedy thing is not so easy, is not it? Remember this, Vince Offer, because you were not cut for that kind of thing! The only reason people could laugh at these gaguri is that they want to feel the hip Let's face it, it's hay to laugh at something politically incorrect today I know the comedy is subjective ... but this movie should not be funny to anyone except, the film had to be made before the fame of Michael Clarke Duncan in films such as "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile." There can be no other reason why an actor of the caliber to be volunteered to be part of this amateur show. All others in the cast are either non-actors or actors or movie stars B. Karen Black made a good impression on "Five Easy Pieces," but I do not think that he did something of value since then. Slash was probably drugged to be in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch". Angelyne is the biggest star of the movie (given that Duncan was not famous at the time) and there is still a chance of people who have not heard of it - for a good reason. They usually support extremely low budget footage, but this deserves to slip into obscurity. I hope the Lord does not become a classic cult! Should not there be a law against the distribution of nonsense like that?
