First of all ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, as well as distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" on the video box, you know what you're doing. B mania film! If you actually expect to see a thriller "based on Edgar Allan Poe," then you look at it and head straight to the great Roger Corman 60s Poe series. This is a pure and unadulterated booty (with a pedestrian attempt at a plot similar to "The Burial Premature"), complete with many sexes and nudity ranked on the R-rating. However, it is definitely fun and entertaining in a kind of skips ... Brinke (who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays the rich, traumatized, Insomniac housewife Victoria Monroe, whose fear of being prematurely rooted, comes from the belief that the same fate has affected her father (Hoke Howell). Her unparalleled husband, Terry (Jay Richardson), gave rise to a serious gambling debt (due to a gangster played by Robert Quarry) and, with the help of his sexpot secretary, blonde, colorful, Lisa (Delia Sheppard) Brinke for her money. Name-value actress Karen Black briefly bears a blonde wig as a hypnotist (he is too talented to play an insignificant role like this one), 50-year-old sci-fi / horror stars Robert Clarke plays a doctor and a friend family and Michael Berryman's show for a decent nightmare sequence by conducting an autopsy on a still alive Vicki. Jan-Michael Vincent is most often outside a car house, making his eyes goo-goo as Brinke walks in and out of the house. The murdered father-in-law spouse was made millions of times before, the ending is an unintentional rage (ending with a direct rupture of the Dolly Zuni Fetish segment in TRILOGY OF TERROR), and whoever created the awful awful face the FX beheaded head for this launch must sharpen on the skills a bit. Brinke does a decent job, making a character somewhat sympathetic, but the biggest surprise of all is the well-being of former Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard in her role. She stole every scene in which she was and easily gave her outstanding performance here.
