David Mackenzie's pursuit of brilliant Young Adam wants to be a common sense story of a lonely voyer who is trying to confront psycho-sexual problems with his dead mother. He wants to be penetrating, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be fun and nonjudgment of his troubled lead as he sets himself up as an adult. To achieve this goal, the film tries hard to be young. His poster has manually drawn letters that look like those of Juno. The original soundtrack is composed of fast rock indie that tries to convince the audience that Hallam is OK; just a little unlucky. But, strangely, the film is nothing more than youth. Like Adam Young, the central mystery of this film refers to a drowned woman - in this case, Hallam's mother. The young Adam keeps his quiet, contemplative mystery and penetrated well enough to hit you with the truths as they come. Hallam Foe does the opposite. It puts the psycho to his character so clear and so early that he never does anything outside the expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam in his tree house, staring at his sister mad with her boyfriend. Hallam interrupted quickly, affirming his presence in the household. Here we see what Hallam will do for the rest of the movie. The mystery surrounding his mother's swimming is whether it was a suicide or a murder of his father's girlfriend. The audience can not trust Hallam because, in addition to being creepy, we believe his obsession has led him to madness. This has prevented the mystery element for me, because Hallam is too sporadic to be relative. Even when he found some clues to support his claim, he fled from home, from the beginning appearing to look for the police. Then he becomes extremely retired by a girl who resembles his mother, who rushes the story frustratily away from the mystery element. While Jamie Bell highlights some very appealing features in his lost character, he was limited by the evidences of his psychological needs. This film is by no means mysterious, but it is not too blunt. He tries to be realistic in addressing such issues, but adds a very conscious person, who registers himself as the opposite. It's a trainspotting hard-to-reach attitude to help the public's roots for a protagonist who saves the buildings, binds locks and travels for the sake of voyeurism. These urban adventures that Hallam implies are too difficult for a country boy drawn indoors to engage and are not sexy, giddy or enjoyable. They are more neutral than anything; does not propel the character or story. Mackenzie makes you understand Hallam, but he fails to build a common ground. You are expected to enjoy the trials and tribulations of Hallam without a very ideological justification. The film is based on the audience's perspective on voyeurism / the type of person engaging in it. Obviously, most people would be disgusted with this. And Hallam Foe understands this, but he does not allow us to see Hallam weighing the morality of his decisions. He goes from one person to another, trying to fill his deep voids. There is a particularly worrying line in the interest of Hallam Kate's love, in which she says drunk "I love ghastly boys," may ask the public to do the same. The line attempts to clarify the understanding about it (its motivation remains vague throughout) and tries to let us judge. It's not hard to like Hallam, but it's really hard to attend his adventure - if it's an adventure. All the while, the movie tries to use its flamboyant soundtrack to mask indecisive mood. Great performances are weighted by a film with a third weak act, a muddy development and an unnecessary direction of ambiguity from Mackenzie. Recently, this movie has been re-named for release in the US, and why? Not only is it less appealing, but the hard truth is that Hallam never wins the title "Sir."
