Hallam Foe tells us the story of a boy who lost his mother and experimented with a kind of Oedepus complex afterwards. It's something like 95 minutes, but it would be better in ten. There is an hour in the middle of which roaming and roaming practice is done in a church tower, such as Quasimodo (he is much less sympathetic). There is a strange love story involved, it has nothing to do with anything. Looks like he looks like his mother, yes, and what? We know he misses his mother, about which were the first ten minutes. It would have just had to start and end and it would have been an O.K. short film. Now it's a portrait of a character that does not change. He's a guy with whom things happen. The only active choice he has in the middle of the film is to apply for a job. There is all this Oedipus, which should make us analyze our character. He dries his face, dresses in women's clothes and bears a Badger Badger on his head. A Badger! You have to see the end! He returns home with the badger on his head (and shot as a terrible horror movie) to kill his new wife's wife (with whom he had sex at first). And somehow they thought it would not be fun enough to put some indie punk music in the background. I have to admit I'm kind of allergic to movies that want to write a psychological complex on my nose. It feels like that director MacKenzie / any guy trying to show us he also studied psychology in school. You're so smart! Thank you for bringing all these forgotten theories into our memories! You really dug! What Wallraff! Okay, now I realize that this movie is based on a random book, but anyway .. Fotowise is boring. Many speakers. Plus the editor changed the colors from scene to scene, you know cool and warm, etc. Why? maybe "Hallam Foe" is both a feature and a test movie for color blind people. Or maybe they thought the drama would not be enough to tell us that she felt alone, so they grew blue so we really understood it. I will not even comment on the indie-oh-cum-how-cute drawings they made in the presentation. And all the "cute" sexual things happen. The entire film is an independent cliché. But I recommend it. I laughed several times. Although it's really annoying to be a movie student and see how bad it happens in the car.
