Anyone who visited drive-ins in the 1950s, 60s and 70s must have seen a movie or two of American International Pictures, a distributor resembling Cannon Films in 1980. Wherever the film would fall in love, the AIP would be there to provide the latest en vogue titles - Horror films such as "Voodoo Woman" and "The Undead" appeared in the 1950s; In the 1960s Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello's beach comedy and shooting of the biker "The Glory Stompers"; and in the 1970s, the AIP resumed grindhouse rubbish such as Cannibal Girls and Sugar Hill. Dillinger, released in 1973, is one of the "strongest" surprises the true spirit of filming; is one of those unequal levels along the top that satisfied the thirst of the masses for entertainment, crafts and common sense. Overall, "Dillinger" is typical for its era: fun and it's worth a couple of hours, but it's certainly not memorable. Thinking of action and short on both action and historical, "Dillinger" was a fair effort made by screenwriter John Milius ("Magnum Force"), but certainly left room for improvement in his extended career . Dillinger 109 minutes - epic for the AIP domain - follows FBI Midwest chief Melvin Purvis, played by Oscar winner Ben Johnson. Purvis was the investigator who sought revenge for four FBI agents killed in a 1938 ambush in Kansas City that helped gangster Frank Nash escape justice. In turn, there were men who allegedly plotted this breakout, including bankrobber expert John Dillinger (Warren Oates), Pretty Boy Floyd (Steve Kanaly) and psychopath Baby Face Nelson (Richard Dreyfuss). Dillinger joined forces with Floyd and Nelson, taking together Homer Van Meter (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). He also joined Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), a French and Indian prostitute. While running over several months in 1933-4, "Dillinger" is essentially a hunting movie, with Purvis entourage seeking to descend and kill the people desired by J. Edgar Hoover. Dillinger has a documentary sense that lists dates and places while Johnson supplies a lost narrative like Purvis. Milius maintains an honest look of depression, using authentic fashion, cars, weapons and buildings; he also splashes around the black and white photograph and records stocks of gangster blows. The film is never boring, it moves at a rapid pace, if by chance. Action scenarios are Dillinger's strong point, edited competent by Fred Feitshans Jr in his last professional effort. Thousands of rounds of ammunition must have been used to make this film, not to mention pounds of explosives. This movie is certainly not for squeamish, with people shot and drop dead everywhere. Violence, while it's free, brings an understanding of the chaos that organized crime has done in American life. This movie never exceeds its exploitation status, because the necessary writing is not there. John Milius, somewhat overestimated as a director, puts too much emphasis on action. The action scenes (mostly blood-filled gunshots) are impressive and comparable to any major crime film of his time, including Bonnie and Clyde in 1967. But we just do not know much about Dillinger and his band members people; the vital relationship that develops between Dillinger and Frechette is hardly reached, the couple meeting in a bar during a scene and descending as lovers just ten minutes after. Melvin Purvis seems to be wandering and going on stage, becoming a prominent figure only when Milius has to keep the film to do it. Too often, the film takes a personalized personality when his characters could be explored in detail. Besides, the main crime of the image is ignoring the historical fact. While many say "Dillinger" is just a movie, there are movies like this that create fables and make them permanent. Those who know the history of gangsters will point out that John Dillinger was not the last of his death ring because Milius's script and the documentary style of the film encourages us to believe. In fact, Dillinger died before Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; he was also told that he did not wear a gun on the night of his death, nor had Billie Frechette in the trailer. While these inaccuracies could lead to high drama, there is no reason why Milius could not have stayed with the facts and wrote a wonderful story around them. Warren Oates' performance as Dillinger is pretty good, though he sometimes does not seem convincing. Oates is humorous and presents nicely how Dillinger has become consumed by his bigger image than life in the American press; nevertheless, we never really feel the threat he invoked during his life. Ben Johnson gives life to Purvis, suave, but pretty flat. Michelle Phillips brings excitement to character Billie Frechette, and it is really bad that Milius's script has not strengthened his relationship with Dillinger. We never find out what attracted her to a cold-blooded murderer other than the stereotype of an easy-to-understand girl who is attracted to men of danger. Support roles with Kanaly, Dreyfuss, Stanton, Lewis and a short-lived Cloris Leachman are acceptable for this talent. As a part of the exploitation of the 1970s, "Dillinger" appears doomed to retail banks, which is exactly where we got the MGM DVD version for $ 4.99. The movie is beautifully presented on a wide screen (a necessity for filming) with subtitles in French and Spanish. The Dillinger theatrical trailer is provided as one extra. Quite forgotten, besides fans of gangster film and motor enthusiasts, the film no longer requires much extra material. For fans of the genre, it is definitely worth checking out. <br /> <br /> ** from 4 <br /> <br /> Reviewer Roving - www.geocities.com/paul_johnr
