Proof that the Hollywood Conventions are in place. The old dialogue, underdeveloped and flat characters and a disjointed story are just some of the problems with this classic wangabe gangster. An attempt to be daring and different, but this seems to be an attempt to resume the magic of Bonnie and Clyde (1967) by George Roy Hill and Sundance Kid (1969) by Arthur Penn and Butch Cassidy which falls far below the bar. Problems with stories that have a self-explanatory result result in a need for a voice to explain the sections of the problems. Editing appears again as an attempt to duplicate the previous classic, but sometimes it is dislocated and causes more technical problems for me. Unnecessary photos are discarded to justify their filming, but would have served the viewer better by sitting on the floor of the cutting room. Styles, black-and-white and antique music are thrown from time to time in attempts either to be different, or to cover scenes that can not be overcome or to replace scenes that have not worked at all and again remind us of Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). Extremely dramatic breaks between sentences, random shots of surrounding landscapes that were not required for stories and plus-top-acting bit players and supporting actors were a reminder of the directors of the camcorders at the end of the 1980s - I left wondering who was responsible for this film during production and during post-production. Playing music in most two photos and photos, then suddenly stopping in large photos, highlighted a poor music score. No sound editing was obvious, because most of the film was fireworks, doors, steps and dialogue (a style used in the late 60s to mid 70's), but no noise background, shake on dirty roads. In my sincere opinion, the biggest problem of all is that there are no "pleasant" characters that the public can treat and not see as protagonists of the story. Neither gangsters nor law were characters I wanted to see by winning or focusing on the "hero" - a necessity for any story to go for me. We know from Penn and Hill movies that are "heroes." Even if they are criminals, we like them and we want them to escape. I would rather care who was on the screen in this movie. I have the impression that John Milius is trying to reveal a documentary documentary about the historical renewal of the events surrounding John Dillenger from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). To be fair, there are some moments of solid storytelling, which are shining moments in the dark and subtle box of this film. John Milius enjoys better in future films that he does not seem to try to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a total loss because many famous stars and faces that have been at the top of the exit are involved in this directorial debut of "Big Budget", but wait for him on a classic movie channel rather than spend money to rent or buy. <br /> <br />
