Once again I saw a movie made by people who know nothing. Recently I've seen Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger and I had it. This movie is garbage. I do not know how anyone in their right mind could compare this with a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is far from classical. Someone called it brilliant. It's a crazy thing to say. This film can not get any facts right and has the slightest casting ever seen. I do not know in what direction I thought I'd put Warren Oates named John Dillinger. First of all it does not show anything like him. Second, until John Dillinger died, he was 31. When Oates did this, he was 45 years old! You might even say it's older than the true Dillinger, looking at it. Not only he was too old, but Ben Johnson was Melvin Purvis. They show that Baby Face Nelson die, then Homer Van Meter and, eventually, John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed in front of the two. The last one to die of the three was Baby Face Nelson. Not only writers do not know when they died, but they do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after escaping Little Bohemia in a cloak. Homer Van Meter was not killed by farmers with shotguns. Homer Van Meter was surrounded by the police in St. Paul and was shot with machine guns. Another member of Dillinger's band, Harry Pierpont, is shown shot by the police in this film. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to die in the electric chair. I'm going to what happened to Baby Face Nelson on Baby Face Nelson, so I will not come back here again. Let me also add that Richard Dreyfuss's portrait of Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene in which he attacks Dillinger and then has a bad beat. As Dillinger beat him, he cried like a child and screamed, "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger have never fought. Perhaps Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's robbery methods, but they never fought. Nelson never cried as a little girl while she was beaten. I call Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never known in his life by that name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis, and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black guy who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he's known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where the fuck is John Milius information? I could make a movie better than him. Finally, the way they showed John Dillinger death is scandalous and inexplicable. The film shows that Dillinger comes out of Biograf with Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette was not there that night. But there was a girl named Polly Hamilton. Melvin Purvis yells, "Johnny!" Dillinger removes his gun and is thrown into hell. It is a proven fact that Dillinger had no weapon that night. The FBI did not give him any chance to surrender, and as soon as he was in sight, they threw him out. They did not even shoot him. They were so close that dust was found on his face. It was a crime. I also say that the man who killed that night was not John Dillinger. After you have killed tons of civilians in the incident in Bohemia Little, can you imagine the FBI reported that they killed another innocent man? The weapon that Dillinger had available was also proven to have been produced only after Dillinger's death. I can go on and how the man they killed was not John Dillinger, but I'm stopping here. If you want to know more check it here <br /> <br /> See the version of Dillinger with Lawrence Tierney if you want, but do not waste time with this inaccurate garbage film.
