It seems to me that the warming of the heart and the inspiration that the team of writers behind such Hollywood music movies, such as INDIANA JONES AND TEMPLE DOOM, American Graffiti and HOWARD THE DUCK, will start their career with a horror movie with low explosivity. Perhaps, as a proof of the talent that would win Willard Hyuck and Gloria Katz an Oscar nomination later in their careers, Messiah of Evil has potential, but unfortunately it becomes frustrating precisely because he can not keep his projection to do the movie . The premise involves a young woman who moves into a small coastal town looking for his father, a painter, who has disappeared for a while. It does not take long for the fragmented narrative to give up any hope and dive into dissociated absurdity - and for a while it behaves admirably well until you start thinking that Messiah of Evil must be recovered from 70 exploitation chute as an example of horror artful mystery. <br /> <br /> Surrealist non-sequels keep the pile on as the daughter hinders a young couple in a seedy hotel room who is in the city to perform a research on the local legend "The Bloody Months," an Alcoholic scary and half crazy (played by great Elisha Cook Jr., probably in the best scene of the movie), warning her father to find her only dead in an alley "eaten the dog later, the blind old man holding the local art and who inexplicably removed all of her father's paintings from the store and, last but not least, a late, killer, squirrel in a squirrel. Part of the film's charm is precisely this land of the basic artezian surrealism that defies logical and gender conventions at every step of the way.While Lynch is obviously the mark of a talented creator, with Messiah of Evil, the boundaries between "intention," "inconvenience," and "they did not really expect to come out like this, but it's good enough - WRAP SCENE" blurred hopelessly. Take, for example, the double narrative flowing in and out of the image in a drug-dependent, feverish, flow of consciousness, one coming from the daughter while she wanders from place to place herself in search her father, and the other telling her father's voice as she reads her diary. <br /> <br /> While we're still talking about a dead life, Messiah of Evil is different and just a free one - at least with the current preconceptions about what should be a zombie movie. The origin of the living dead here is a 100-year-old curse given by the city through a mysterious "Dark Stranger" that came from the forest one day. Meanwhile, Hyuck finds time for criticism of mass consumption in a meat-eating supermarket scene that precedes DAWN OF DEAD for a good number of years (you can already hear the MST3K line: "man is dead, just the capitalist food the words remain ") and a beautiful thought, but the similar scene in a poorly performed cinema. Generally, I think the surrealist work in carefully and well-metered doses - how absurd to work if it is not hidden within the perfectly normal framework? Hyuck seems to snatch him all over the picture, making it dangerous to overlap his hand. When the beggar, for example, raises a girl who heads to the city and eats a squirrel in front of her, you can almost imagine that the director lied to the audience, amused and pleased with his own offensive. The overall shooting level is also quite low - after the halfway signal, the rhythm becomes muddled and the tiring story and obviously it does not go anywhere or is particularly fast. Add to this edition on the move, the media acting as well as Hyuck's general inability to capture the true atmosphere - the empty streets of the coastal city are misused - and I would have put Messiah under "missed opportunity," but affectionate grindhouse will find enough to appreciate - even though it is not particularly bad, trashy or sleazy.
