But Dahmer's childhood? - The double hernia operation, which is believed to have exacerbated its obsession with the inner functioning of the human body? What about the "infinite earth"? - The game he invented as a child involving boys who were annihilated when they approached each other, suggesting that intimacy was the ultimate danger. But the relationship between parents and her mother's emotional problems was more relevant than her relationship with her father? His feelings of neglect when his brother was born? But the fascination with insects and animals? How could he dissect the road and lock him in the forest behind his house? How about focusing more on his cannibalism? And the divorce of his parents? These are all things that should have been included in the movie. Instead, the filmmaker chose to give us a snapshot of a night or two in his life and combine it with a series of confused and sometimes useless flashbacks with events that were not even relevant to the deal about Dahmer. Why did the filmmaker not show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects rather than people? It could have done so many times, especially in the scenes where victims are being drugged while having sex with them (which actually took place in a health club, not in a nightclub). Instead, he shows you he is shooting them from behind. While I appreciate that there is just so much information, you can get caught up in 90 minutes (or how long), but why do you spend so much of a movie exploring the relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this film). My only guess is that the director tried to build Pinet's character, try to make us fear or empathize, but this movie should be about Jeffrey Dahmer, why he could not spend the forty-five minutes on something else? If the scene and their relationship were sufficiently important to justify such a time, then quite fair, but it was not. The scene in which he murders Steven Hicks, his first victim, is a vital part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story because it was the first killing and the effect the killing had on the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that it was his first killing or that he did not kill again for nine years. Suppose, because his hair style is different, and he wears glasses that this is a flashback, but when? And why? <br /> <br /> How about the sanctuary he made in the living room towards the end of his career? <br /> <br /> Some people find the need for accuracy, in fact, and in detail a bit anal, but if I studied Jeffrey Dahmer in depth, it is clear that this film has very little in common with the person he was and about the crimes he committed. Why bother you spending your time doing a freelance movie based on Jeffrey Dahmer instead of addressing the real issues underlying the madness and the massacre that followed? Finally, a movie with a repulsive topic like this should have a certificate of 18, not a 15th. We had to see his perversion in depth, to understand how detached he was from us. That does not mean to show that the exercise actually comes into the head of Konerak Sinthasomphone, but at least an indication of the number of people he killed and the way Modus Operandi's operation was when we were killing. Anyone looking at this film, who does not know Dahmer's story, might come, thinking he killed just a few people. He actually killed seventeen men. Besides the facts and the lack of depth, the film is not really bad. There is a beautiful cinema and good performances from the two main characters. I would like to see this again by a filmmaker who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make the film in the first place.
