Skullduggery is a weird, weird film based on Vercors' novel "Ye Shall Know Them". To unleash criticism of the film she really feels great, because it is a film that deals with serious themes like humanity and reasons for observing moral standards and tolerance. But despite his honorable intentions and his well-thought tune, Skullduggery is simply not a very good movie. For me, the main problem is the extremely dissociated narrative that can not remember how to convey its message. The first half of the movie is like watching a standard expedition of Tarzan ilk's jungle; Later, teeters in fantasy science fiction; until the end of it they sneak into the melodrama in the courtroom. The differences in tone between each section of the movie are too big, too disturbing, to overlook. They resemble a big finger and I constantly remind you that you are watching a disorderly and disorganized movie. An archaeological expedition to the New Guinea Jungle is headed by adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the main archeologists involved in this trip is dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a cumbersome journey, a tribe of strange creatures of monkeys hinders. These people, who have been lost and lost for a long time, are locked in their hair and have survived centuries without being touched or influenced by modern human evolution. Is there any evidence that the ancestors of the early man might? the "missing link" in the evolution of monkeys in humans. Or maybe a race of people who simply look and behave differently than usual? Or even a race of animals that began to develop human characteristics? Archaeologists call the Tropi tribe and are initially pleased with the implications of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when an ugly opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares his intention to exploit their tribe and idiom on behalf of developers. He wonders if Tropi is really "human" and takes his case before the courts, where he hopes to be given legal assistance, so that his greedy ambitions can be continued. It was a very early film in Reynolds's career and, in fact, unbalanced this film, acting as if it were in a comedy, while the rest of the cast takes it seriously. Is not Reynolds guilty? he has an impossible role, asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs to a Tarzan movie. The character and the movie are not relevant to each other. Clark is much better placed than the serious archeologist and there are beautiful supporting roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. A major drawback in Skullduggery is the blemish and ineffective makeup used to give Tropi their strange hair look. Rather than making actors appear credible hominids, stiff hair just makes them seem unintentional comedians? and that's not the right idea. We have to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but it's terrible when it looks so unconvincing. Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that could have been penetrating, philosophical and stimulating. Honorable intentions are there for all, but the end result is not right. Wrong failure can be a failure, however.
