While the general idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was interesting, we found the film much smaller than what we had hoped for in reading the summer plot. Perhaps I am too much of a child in the technological age: the film was made, as it is in 2002, an official five years ago - after watching fantastic episodes such as Lord of the Rings and science fiction such as Star Wars , as a whole can not compare to other similar line films, such as Dinotopia or Homer's The Odyssey. My beef in essence is that I could not relate - I am about the same age of the children (a young adult) and I have no trouble putting myself in place of a middle-aged man if it is available. But the image did not take me to another mental field of existence. I did not wake up saying "ACK! I would have done the same!" He did not open my doors to my imagination. Even without being compared to high-budget movies or other TV films, standing alone, certain aspects of the feature seemed to me to be a cliché: Developing the character in the children took place too fast to love, seeing too much of stereotypical selfish adolescence after divorce turns into a family - to enjoy - never to be separated - to once again feel that it can make or break a long-term image. Even the characters themselves could have undergone improvements: a typical set of one or other stereotypes. There was the selfish beauty in continual presentation that wanted to take revenge, accompanied by a perfect image of the combination of athletics, good looks and intelligence, a terrible attitude, and finally, the smart little brother, considered to be so common in these days. While I know that personalities have pushed the story, I think adding more individuality in terms of shades and unique differences would have made a movie more enjoyable and more credible (in terms of character). <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> <i> I need to lift my glass to my suit and design - which made it worthwhile to finish for me. Do not misunderstand me: all the movies are worth seeing for yourself, and the opinion of a person can never respond to the opinion of many, but I think with a little more depth in the script and a little more (I can not believe I say this) which I dare to say that the Escape from Atlantis could have been magical.
