The main problem with the documentary "The Czech Dream" is that he does not really say what he thinks he is saying. In a bold, hesitant use of the word "inspired" - street theater act, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two Czech film students, withdrew an important company farce to serve as the basis for their film: deliberately a fake hypermarket (the East European equivalent of the Costco store or the Wal Mart Super Store), built an entire ad campaign around it - full of billboards, radio and TV spots, an official logo, a song captivating themes and fake photos - and then waited to see how many "plugs" on the opening day. They even built an improvised façade to convince people that the shop itself existed. I could well ask, "Why do we do that?" Well, this is a very good question, but the answer that filmmakers provide is not everything that satisfies one. In essence, we are told that the purpose of the stunt was to show how easy it is to manipulate people to believe something - even something that is not true - simply by the power of advertising. Film makers are running for moral coverage, arguing that the "real" (and, above all, superior) goal of the charade is to convince the Czech people not to fall for all the ads that encourage them to join the European Union. Quite right - especially when advertisers who agree to deal with cascades against the unethical nature of lying to clients, while justifying their long-term collaboration, claim to be a form of " research "what it does and does not work in advertising. In a way, allowing themselves to be trapped in the room by making these observations, these men and women of ads are just as frightened by those who create movies as poor, non-young people who are the main target of Russia. <br /> But in many ways the satirical arrow not only fails to reach its desired target, but ironically goes around those who have released the movie. Because it is THEMSELVES and NOT the people in good faith and the natural confidence, which ultimately turns out that those unethical and uneducated here, as they start to make crazy people of perfectly decent, some of old and handicapped and forced to travel long distances to reach the scene. And what should that prove? That people are "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new supermarket looking for bargains? Or are they stupid and vague because I do not suspect that there might not be a real market, even if someone was announced? Such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that makes it practically impossible to function in the real world. No, I'm afraid this "stunt" of the film makers' cries are to make some very nice people feel like idiots. And indeed, many of them, when they eventually discover the trick that has been played on them, react with kindness and goodwill. I'm not sure that I will be able to gather myself if I find myself in their position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that the movie does not collapse - something like we're witnessing a massive traffic accident in action - but when the dust is over and all disappointed customers come back with their red and empty-handed houses we can say with certainty that they are not the ones who should be ashamed.
