Like most people, I was intrigued when I heard the concept of this film, especially the "film makers were then attacked", which seems to highlight the case, which with the image on the cover of filmmakers is being watched by a crowd angry. <br /> <br /> Then, to watch the movie and discover, oh, what they mean by "the filmmakers were attacked," some children threw stones at a sign and a number of people laughed hard and said: "Someone should beat the two kids, the picture on the cover," chase "as it was? Total fabrication What I think is related to the film theme, lie and manipulation to satisfy the futile children, I have no idea what a great truth the viewer had to take away from this movie, it's like Michael Moore's "Roger & Me," but if Roger & Me was Moore mocking the people of Flint, it is totally wrong and completely inadequate.Wow, can you think that people who have suffered under the yoke of communism would be very pleased to have food-filled markets? What jerks! And not so much "Look at the effects of capitalism and the Western media blah blah blah "because not only that their false market had prices comparable to competitors, as many people say in the movie, prices were absurdly low, someone mentions that they should have known it was fake of how much they were charging for the duck. This shows nothing but the fact that people who are poor will go to a low-priced shop, bravo fellas, a way to stick them to the people on the bottom. The way to play a bad practice joke on the elderly. You should be very proud. How about the next movie you make a documentary about Iraq and how people will really enjoy a house without bullet holes in the walls and then say, "HAHA, NONE ARE LOED TO THE MEDIA ! ". Morgan "Please Like Me" Spurlock has unleashed this wet hose of a movie and it's no surprise because Spurlock as the One Hit Wonder of the documentary world seems to throw its weight behind any healthy concept to keep relevance in a world that he really does not need him. Avoid the plague.
