When I saw this movie, I heard all kinds of hype and I heard how people said Denzel deserved the Oscar next to the Golden Globe, and I thought he must have done a remarkable job given that Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I realize that people say they do not upset the American African community (if they are not themselves African Americans). I always hear complaints about how African Americans are never nominated and how they should have won. Sometimes it's true (not so much today) because Whoppi Goldberg should have won the best actress for The Purple Color and the movie should have won the best picture. The only reason why this movie was so hurt in the way it was is because people see a movie about the difficulties (* SEMI-SPOILER *) of an African American in a very racist time and tag automatically as a masterpiece. Denzel Washington is a remarkable actor, but his role in this film has not affected me at all. I was bored with him in the movie, and his role here was quite similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not as good. The audience should believe that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the movies that worshiped this man, this hero, and they went out and bought his book, making this hero of a rich man. most of his life in prison, mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course, the crimes he committed (stealing more) were just to survive, nothing more. People have been bad for him, even if drug dealers and thieves have probably come to the same cause, but they are looked down in society. Everything in this film attempts to describe this man as a saint (except for the obvious infidelity he had with his wife and the aggression that the other man showed when he met his wife), but why not - point of view. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood performances) that are based on "true" stories, because they usually distort "real" parts to something else, which is not so true. This was his point of view and a Hollywood construction, though everyone thought the truth was no doubt. Well, I searched my past a bit before making any assumptions and was a very violent man. Not only is there a possibility that he killed those people. If you do not believe me, look for it on the internet and read the articles some have about it. The boxing game he claimed to have won so easily was won by his opponent Joey Giardello and there are cassettes to prove it. In addition, there are many twisted and intentional facts in this movie. Supportive distribution was the most beautiful person I've ever seen on the face of the Earth, and their "beautiful and perfect" character seemed difficult to keep up. This movie was a Hollywood version of yet another truly unfortunate story that is still left to be honestly told. Denzel's act is out of date, and Mickey Mouse's attitude is unpleasant. Also, the movie starts very slowly and is boring.
