I have this movie in the library right now and I have not finished seeing it. It's so bad I'm in unbelief. Audrey Hepburn has totally lost her talents until then, though she's done pretty much with her in Robin and Marian. This is the worst thing about this awful bad movie. It is of interest only because it was her last feature film and the appearance of Dorothy Stratten, just before her homicide. There is nothing but an idiot between Gazzara and his friends. Small signals and small arches and knots to a truly screwed comedy, whose shadow is the weakest and weakest. Who can think there are even some of the same neighborhoods of Manhattan, which Hepburn lived so magically and even miraculously in "Breakfast at Tiffany's" twenty years ago? The soundtrack of Sinatra's old songs and the title song Gershwin is too loud and obvious - surely you do not have to wait for credits to find out that something was thin weighed in who-musique of the picture to know when you sing they broke up. <br /> <br /> "Coming back to the guy" means going back and going back, I guess. In this case, Audrey Hepburn's European lady chic is everything you see from someone who was occasionally an actress and always a star. Here he lost his talent as a star. If someone whose talent continued to grow in this period, like Ann-Margret, would have played the role, there would have been a life in it, even if incredible material and mongoloid situations had happened. <br /> <br /> Hepburn was a great person, of course, bigger than most film stars ever dreamed of being, and she was once one of the most charming and beautiful film actors. After this terrible interpretation, she continued to make an atrocious film with Robert Wagner called "Love Among Thieves." In "Everybody Were Laughing" it's like he's been playing another idea in her years. Even a lot of less sensitive and obviously less intelligent actresses who insisted on doing so like Lana Turner were infinitely more effective than Hepburn. Turner played seriously even when it was bad. Hepburn does not take it seriously, can not be disturbed by it; even her hair and her clothes look sticky. Her very good last thing was in "Two for the Road", probably the most perfect, if not the best in many ways. And that girl who plays the country singer is just bad. John Ritter is horrible, there is nothing to recommend this movie, except for Dorothy Stratten, who was really beautiful. Otherwise, David Thomson's critical brother, "lost talent," did not make any sense. Ben Gazarra has lost all sexual appearances ever since, so we have two films with Gazarra and Hepburn - who could ask for something less? Sandra Dee, the latest bad movie, "Lost," 2 years later, a budget with little budget, had more than that. At least Mrs. Dee spoke in her own voice; until 1981, Audrey Hepburn's accent sounded stupid; she would continue to make PBS World Gardens with Audrey Hepburn and there her accent something irritating works as she goes through English gardens with aristocrats or effusive wax about "what I like most is when flowers come back to nature!" as in natural daffodils, but in a real fiction film, it just sounds ridiculous. To think that "Breakfast at Tiffany's" was a sort of profound poetic work with Audrey Hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world - she was certainly one of the most beautiful screen shots in "My Fair Lady," fitting Garbo into several things and Delphine Seyrig in "Last Year in Marienbad." And then, and her last final role as the "angel" Hap in The Spielberg movie "Always" was just more of the lady-corny thing, no mind and suffocation. I went to her memorial service at the 5th Avenue Presbyterian Church, a wonderful service that included a choir boys singing Shaker Hymn "Simple Gifts". The only thing that was not mentioned in the program was Hepburn's sudden play, singing "Moon River," on the staircase of "Breakfast at Tiffany's," and that brought a lot of excitement and real tears to the congregation. /> A great lady who once was a beautiful actress (as in The Story of the Nun's) and one of the biggest and most beautiful film stars in many 50s and 60s that have become a real evil - that commune. And maybe she's just a human being who, though doing things like trivial cinematic shows, still has the wits of wanting to have the ruthlessly highlighted flaws-all of which her late film work contained abundantly. Most of the talk about Hepburn's mischief is "My Fair Lady." But the one who should have had her original actress was "Wait Until Dark", who played Lee Remick on Broadway. Never, as she was celebrated as Hepburn, she was a better actress in many ways (Hepburn was totally incapable of playing something really sordid), although Hepburn was at least adequately fit on that side. Then all her action went down.
