I have heard and read many things about the "Midnight Meat Train" that is based on a short story written by Clive Barker and is supposed to be the best adaptation of his work from "Hellraiser "I can only express very mixed feelings about my viewing experience. The best term to summarize the entire movie in the word is: nausea! Violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts the fanatical enthusiasm of young horror, but it is also indiscribable free and exploiting. Normally, I'm very pro-violence, but it has to serve at least some kind of purpose. Slaughter? literally ?? described in the "Midnight Meat Train" is intended exclusively for the shock and rejection of viewers with weak nerve systems and slightly disturbed stomachs, and is not even fully effective due to the use of the digital effects of the computer. There are a number of shortcomings, some even bigger than unnecessary gorillas, but maybe I should concentrate first on the good elements. The basic concept is certainly promising and multiple sequences (such as chilling in the refrigerator, for example) are literally oozing with suspense nail bites and macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately, the pace of stimulation is very uneven, and the elaboration of the fantastic potential plot is unnecessarily complicated. Perhaps the processing of a short story in a long feature film script is responsible for the irregularity of the rhythm, but I honestly believe that he could do more with both the names and the character played by Vinnie Jones. Talent introduces Leon, an aspiring photographer from New York, whose agent advises them to look for the truly threatening face of the city through sinister images. Leon then becomes obsessed with pursuing an introvert butcher who behaves with suspicion, who always waits for midnight train. Leon is right, as the butcher proves to be an unusual serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but the motivation and behavior of the killer suggests that there is something more substantial on the rails at night. The "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in unfortunate natural locations such as night stations and animal slaughterhouses, plus the film enjoying good performances and a truck of disturbing images (such as carcasses on meat hooks and the train wagons scattered in blood), but director Ryûhei Kitamura ("versus", "the Godzilla final wars") does not take full advantage of it. The end leaves a lot of unanswered questions, and even if Clive Barker intended to have it, I think we still deserved a slightly clearer conclusion. The "Midnight Meat Train" is a somewhat interesting and truly haunting film, but not without implication. It is not intended for offenders easily offended, but perhaps people who are looking for the consistency and clarity of the plot should leave it alone.
