I've heard a lot about this movie, with people who told me to tell me I should see it, because I'm a fan of extremely bloody and bullet-packed movies. I took my hands almost immediately, but one thing or another prevented me from following him - until now. It would have been better not to remind me that I even had it. This movie was atrocious. The worst thing though is that it could have been much better than it actually was. I know it was a story to Clive Barker and everyone, and I did not read that story - but it seems to me that if you did not, then you would be, like me, completely clueless and completely disappointed. > <br /> The film starts pretty well - the actors are convincing, the interesting story. The first scene is bloody - a great way to get your attention. I thought the blood seemed bad, but seeing it was the first scene I hoped for later improvement. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and the effects are so horrible it was almost an insult to my intelligence to be expected to believe that for example someone might be knocking a person right off their shoulders using only a hammer fleshy. WTF? CGI blood (they even used some "real" blood, my home stuff looked better than any of those used in this movie!), Incredible dismembering actions (eyeballs that hit the head behind, cut Nobody remembers BONES in our whole body!), too dark scenes (each scene is either a strange yellow color or hidden in the shadows) ... it gets worse even worse. I'm too much to add to the fact that what could and should have been a great serial-killer movie turns into a demonic / supernatural / monster movie at the end of the year ... not your thank you! "She should have been kept as a creepy guy who had slaughtered people in the subway - OK, with a theory of conspiracy thrown inside - and an exaggerated photographer. It's plausible, achievable ... and much better than the "real" story. That could and should have worked. Instead, he became a "creature living at the end of the old tunnel, and everyone knows about it, but you, and if you do not read the book, well ... you will never understand it" fiasco. Tragically, what a terrible thing to do to a movie with such a potential. If you like fake blood and mindless mind, you will love this. But if you have half the brain in your head, then you will hate it completely. Stay away - far, far.
