I do not know why, but I thought I saw this movie before. Maybe it was the name, maybe it was the way the poster looked, I do not know. Anyway, it was quite promising at first. And even in the whole feature there were some brilliant moments. Maybe because I am not a big fan of horrors and I do not see them very much, but in fact, this sometimes seemed fresh. But the rest is not that good. Sometimes laughing. The film is a slow rhythm, sometimes you will get bored so much that you have forgotten what the story was about. Characters are not wonderful. All. But the butcher is OK, looks pretty creepy and pretty crazy. Though I did not give what the strange things were on my chest (the whole scene looked fake and some kind of blue) and why did they collect the jars at home? The main advantage is simple. Its character is hard to believe and very undeveloped. But I think that's the guilt of the screenwriters. Why did she cry when she photographed his girlfriend? The lateral distribution is also bad. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when women in horror movies have brains? It's ridiculous. The girl finds out that a maniac has taken the apparatus of her friends, tries to go to the police, fails and then thinks about the best idea ever. Why do not we just go take it? I know where the maniac lives! Yes! It swells! And then look for the room in the bathroom! Why not? And then walk into the room, see a bag that was not there anymore, and take a look inside. Can the camera be there? Not there. But many interesting things. Glossy. Mmmm. Realizing that the pouch means that the butcher is back too hard for the tiny, tiny brain. Then, of course, the one who never ends "falling down while running away" did indeed seem bad. Then, in order to put the ultimate character angle at the end of the movie, she enters the FULL wagon with dead bodies, hanging up her legs, shouting "Noooo" as if she just broke her Gucci bag and walked into the wagon. .. Jeez. Come on. Nobody else thinks right, stupid, stupid? Just terrible. If her character was not that bad, maybe the movie would have another star or two from me. And I would even forgive MMT characters that can make a hit in the head with a steel hammer (that guy in the train that killed the driver), butler bullets that can protect against bullets, weird and cheap monsters in the end I did not read Clive Barkers novel , so I have no idea where these monsters are coming from), the fact that nobody cared that those hundreds (judging skeletons in prison) disappeared into the city and the main character who did not bleed death when he took his tongue out (barely noticed that I think). And the predictable end. Hell, I knew at the end half in, just disappointing. The only reason I still give credit to producers is that the movie generally looks better than most of the horrors we've been watching over the past few months. The visual style is beautiful, some photos were really beautiful and good CGI that made crimes look really brutal. (although the blood does not seem real) I think some people will enjoy it, some, like me, will follow it if there is nothing else to be seen, some will hate it absolutely.
