Is it the same with Kim Ki Duk who led the testimony of spring, summer, fall, winter, and spring life? The same Kim Ki Duk who directed the refined, almost silent, unimaginable desire of "Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk, who dazzled us with the amazing tragedy of the Coast Guard, made us embarrassed about the abomination of non-chilling teenage prostitution before turning to the almost patented nature to allow us all (characters and spectators also to experience redemption in the "Samaritan"? I can not find him in this movie. Oh, of course, the motive of Kim's nature is still present. The film unfolds entirely on a lake surrounded by mountains and fishing boats, resting sharply on the surface of calm water. Yeah, it's Kim Ki Duk, okay. Kim even describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview included in the special features of the DVD. But I'm not sure what this means after seeing this underground presentation. What is beautiful with angry prostitutes, nonsense, fishermen full of cravings, violent and killed, animal torture, self-mutilation sequences, and a rhythm that moves wrongly between beastly carnalness and mindless brutality? These are the only elements of humankind that present themselves in this absolutely confusing and ultimately useless film. If it is based on a fable or is conceived as a parable or is meant to be symbolic for something larger, this reviewer is not familiar with the source material. He was favorably compared to "Audition" by Japanese director Takashi Miike (much for Kim's satisfaction), but in addition to amazingly good performances, especially due to the fact that they had to work by mainstream actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk little reason to recommend this movie. I have not seen the "audition," but I doubt it will change my view of the "island" in any way. Its violence is pornographic and meaningless. Sex is not pornographic, but passionate and masochistic. Characters behave on irritating impulse, because there is no plot. Its point is either non-existent or, admit, lost in the midst of Korean cultural corrections that I do not understand. The only beauty is in cinema, which is the classic Kim: crawls wrapped in fog slowly over a clear lake, a mountainous terrain that dominates the background and an imaginative use of colorful players. Sometimes it seems that viewers are stuck in a big room by Kim Ki Duk. Some touches, such as Jung's mysterious and seductive mute trader and the enjoyable use of motorcycles, are exciting. But as a movie, this effort is even confusing and, finally, offensive to senses, not necessarily to sensibilities. We hope that Kim will leave this type of film in the trash of his past, because we know he is capable of much more.
