A good republicanist ad you see, "Mayerling" is a everyday story of the folkloric king at the end of the nineteenth century. During a seemingly unremitting internal disturbance, he refers to Emperor Franz Joseph James Mason), his rebellious son Prince Captain Rudolf (Mr. Omar Sharif), Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret police, spies, extravagant popinjay, Gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, web bizarre crossed by European royalty during the Austro-Hungarian Empire of Franz Joseph. Filmed in what the old film posters used to call "A Riot of Color" resemble nothing more than a pleasantly intellectual but costly production of the "Student Princess". James Mason, wearing a very small number, his universal, mittel-European accent, whenever he remembers. I'm a great admirer of him and I sincerely hope that the remuneration was edible with the disgust that he felt clearly about the character he was playing. Mr. Omar Sharif, who has built a career largely based on the direct look of the room, with his eyes full of eyes and full of soul, offers great performance like his son, the crown prince. It is absolutely unconvincing that a man who - in the film from the least cut a piece on the disaggregated side of the Austrian aristocracy. With his blessed blessings, he pretends and presents himself in less and less likely uniforms. As a rebel speaks of speech, but fails to walk, leaving the button down on a tunic is just as far as his defiance. Unmarried married, he falls in love with an ordinary man. "Forbidden Love" is one of the movies. Because she is interpreted by Miss Catherine Deneuve does not push her envelope there. Miss Deneuve has a dead profile and we see pretty much, especially in the order of the ballet. Now I like ballet as much as the next man, but this sequence seems to continue for an excessive amount of time, a more cynical critic might be considered "padding". Rudolf's mother, Empress, is played by Miss Ava Gardner. She gives her somewhat old oooomf, making him a bit like Aunt Mame, but it's done with the incontestable style. Rudolf is certainly very fond of his mother - I will not do more than that. The only performance that is worth watching is that of James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt - I'm sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. It's so great he has no doubt about everything that's going on around him, it's a joy to look at. I waited in vain for him to ask Rudolf the immortal question "What is the time of bleeding?" I'm not qualified to dispute the historical accuracy of "Mayerling," but in my opinion, anything else about it is scarce. It's a Ruritan buffet opera without the songs sending you home from the theater whistle.
