Let me start by saying that I read a series of reviews before renting this movie and knew what to expect. However, I was surprised at how bad it was. <br /> <br /> I'm a big werewolf fan, and they used to forgive me a lot when they look at one. Most of them have sub-hair effects, poor action and poor stories (at least well reshaped from previous films). Until now, with the possible exception of the Howling series, later, this is the most serious of the batch. <br /> <br /> First, the story. Has been quoted several times in reviews on this site, so I will not go into specific. However, it is very obvious that the writer (writers) had absolutely no affinity for lycanthropic monsters. As is often the case when a horror movie is given to a writer who thinks "above" such a ticket, they have tried to come up with a new spin on the myths of the werewolves. It's good, but a fan who does not want to do this generally does not consider the intelligence and sophistication of the horror audience and ends up writing them. The plan feels like a parody of werewolf movies, and the events described just the ring are so fake that I felt my intelligence was severely insulted. News TVs, for example, never cut the reporter to shut off someone in the crowd behind them. Give her characters and viewers the credit so you can see the bad guy on stage without using a blinking neon sign. And this is just the tip of the iceberg. As for the effects, I have never seen a little crewwort. I would have been happier with Lon Chaney Jr. in my creamy hair. The beast they used to look a lot like ... well, like a guy with a cheap rubber outfit, with a loose hair and really horrified animatronics. I know many people have already criticized CG, but my God was terrible. A scene shows a woman's change and begins with a complete version of the CG actress, nude, but for some nonsense reasons. My first thought was: "Hey, why is one of the characters in" ReBoot "turning into a stupid werewolf?" Anyway, I like to look for positions in any movie and there are few. Cinematography was acceptable (the movie was shot digitally, which is interesting), and some of the shows were not terrible. It was also interesting to see Tippi Hedron as the world's best homeless woman and Kane Hodder as a bad guy. The Yellow Power Ranger has also grown and ... well, damn it. And if you look for skin, there are some pretty tasty examples. This ends with the male segment of the magazine. Generally, if you want a werewolf movie, try "An American Werewolf in London", the original "The Howling", "Soldiers Dog" or even "The Wolfen" (though somebody has more wolf than they were). If you are a complete lycanthrope, then take a beetle. Otherwise, give it a miss.
