Recap: Full moon. A creature, a huge werewolf, is in the hunt. Not for meat, not for blood (not that it seems to lie to take a bite on the road, though), but for a partner. He is looking for a girl. No girl. Girl. The girl who is pure (and also a werewolf, although she does not know her yet). Three, check that two cops (after the first scene) and an old lady bag are all that can stop or even know that things that kill and eat a lot of people around the full moon are werewolf. This mighty Werewolf, Darkwolf, is approaching the face. If he receives it, mankind is doomed. Now the cops have to find the girl, convince her not only that there is someone, a werewolf who wants to rape her and kill her, but she is herself a werewolf. And then they stopped it ... Comments: This is one for boys, adolescent boys. Many scenes with semi-nude girls more or less important for the plot. More than that. Well, I think you need something to fill some time, because the intrigue is (expected) thin. And, unfortunately, there are not many things besides the girls to help the parcel break. Usually, one goes to two main themes. Nudity. Check it out. And then special effects. Hmm ... Well, there are a few things that you might call effects. But they are not very special. In fact, to be blunt, they are very bad. The film seems to suffer from a lack of funds. They could not afford clothes for some girls; and the effects are cheap. Some of the transformations between werewolf and human form, made obvious by the computer, are very bad. You might ignore such things. But the Darkwolf itself is very brutal and you will never see any kind of murder. Just a few mutilated bodies. And there is a surprisingly small blood in a movie that, frankly, should be watered in blood. I'm not sure what to say about actors and characters. They often do well, but unfortunately there are losses if the characters (or actors) just lose it. Some of these errors could be related to the issues mentioned above. Such as bad effects or poor budget (?). This may explain why there are few photos, even if the characters are armed as a small army and the target is visible (not on the move). But, hey, when you're in real danger, there's nothing to save your life as a good pantry ... Unfortunately, that can not explain when Cop, Steve, the only one who knows how to deal with the problem , the werewolf who runs, when the only things he can be sure of is that the werewolf comes for the girl who is right next to him and can not have it. But, of course, it left the producers to stretch at the end a little more ... But I would not mind seeing any of the actors / lead actress make another attempt in another movie. <br /> Well, well. To give a small conclusion: It's not a movie I recommend. 3/10
