DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong), who was leading a fairly ordinary life until her boyfriend Mary (Tippi Hedren) was killed by a werewolf, you see warriors actually exist in modern America and there is even an organization a special police force to fight the threat of a werewolf led by detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio), who has the difficult task of telling Josie that she is actually a pure bloodwort and that the so-called "dark prince" (Kane Hodder) wants to mate with her and create a new breed of wandering wolves that will take over the world or something like that. Clearly, Josie finds it hard to believe until she sees the evidence with her eyes. It's up to the henchman Steve to save Josie, the day and the world ... Co-executive produced and directed Richard Friedman I thought DarkWolf was a poor budget low budget on a movie digital horror that has done nothing for me. Geoffrey Alan Holliday's screenplay starts pretty promising, being set up in a strip club with naked blood, at a show and then there's a werewolf attack that leaves someone washed out everywhere but after this decent opening sequence is pretty much on the hill, I'm afraid. For starters it is slow, it's boring, it's predictable and it's populated with extremely annoying characters who go out with a stupid dialogue and do silly things like when they have the chance to shoot the Werewolf they do not have, I have no idea why, but they prefer to stay there instead. The script is stupid and does not explain why Josie has never turned into a Werewolf before? Is she really the only one? Why can not find this "prince closed" another werewolf woman? There are also a lot of other things that make little or no sense as an ancient book, which seems pretty important, but it's completely forgotten half way, but anyway, you get the idea, in general, the film is developing very linear fashion to a very predictable climate showdown which is overwhelming to say the least. Director Friedman shines the film pretty well with bright neon, but this is remarked new or original & does not really enhance the movie as a show. Now let's talk about special effects or rather their lack, because the effects in DarkWolf are far from special, the Werewolf transformation is done using CGI and is among the most seen CGIs we've ever seen, seriously Playstation would be embarrassed by these graphics computers. It is slightly the worst transformation of the werewolf I have ever seen, an American witch in London (1981) was made 25 years ago, but the special effects are really light before those seen in DarkWolf, improved along years? The animatronic puppet effects are not much better, or at least there is something psychic on the screen. Gore is not up to much after a red killing opening there are some splashes of blood and a lot of corpses but not anything else. Thre is a fair amount of female nudity if this is your job, but do not be too excited because you still have to sit in a horrible movie to see it, is it really worth it? Technical Darkwolf is fine except for the worst CGI effect of all time, it's pretty well done and at least seems to have production values. The actor is what you would really expect. DarkWolf is still a low-budget horror movie that hides video store shelves and mess up the programs of obscure cable TV stations, I did not think it was as bad as some, but it's like saying that you're going to the dentist is a little more fun than going to a funeral, though when everything said and done, I'm so horrible yet ...
