Hip. Erotic. Sexy bad ... whatever it is. It's "The Terminator" with werewolves. Not really. The cops save the girl (waitress) from the big monster and refer to himself as a "protector". Actor Ryan Alosio is doing a good job to emulate Kyle Reese ... there is a massacre in a police room ... the bad guy is a muscular red-eyed ... and even contains a dialogue in the sense "You just said you will never stop. "The terrible scenario comes from a screenwriter for the first time, who, thanks to God, has not sold anything out of it, and everything is thrown together by the famous bad director Richard Friedman. a strip strip (always a good sign), and a type of biker who normally looks for no apparent reason, followed by three policemen. One of them is black and (shock shock!) He is the one who is killed in The film goes down in the next hour or so, then rises a little, with some decent action sequences, before rounding it all up with an abyssing end. a bad scenario and a director who is willing to establish less. If nothing else seems to learn how to act in this movie, and Alosio, along with some of the supporting pieces, show signs of talent. DarkWolf, in its human form, is played by Kane Hodder - known for his many portraits by Jason Vorhees in the films "Friday 13". He's pretty decent, especially since he's not used to talking about roles. He became known among the teenage boys' groups horny for the lesbian rooftop scene between Andrea Bogart and Sasha Williams, who took the kit a few times in the great tradition of the actresses of the former Power Rangers. And it is unusually clear that the publisher has spent too much time on that scene ... anyway, the main function of redemption is that the effects of the wanderer are pretty good and the design of the wolf is not bad at all. But CGI is bad. Pretty bad. I mean seriously if you can not reach a certain level of realism - why bother you? Just throw some extra money into makeup! Apart from the terrible scenario, this movie has moments, many of which are unintentionally funny. It's good for a laugh if you have nothing better to do, but you simply do not spend money on it. Please.
