"Nacho Libre" (2006) Directed by: Jared Hess <br /> <br /> Cast: Jack Black, Ana de la Reguera, Héctor Jiménez & Darius Rose <br /> <br /> MPAA Rating: "PG-13" (for some brutal actions, raw humor and dialogue) <br /> <br /> Tell what you will do about it (I know some who despise endlessly) I thought "Napoleon Dynamite" was a funny movie - not the brightest brick on the wall, but a funny movie, though. Jack Black is also a very funny man - sometimes irritating, yes, and massively overwhelmed by the teenage audience who worship him practically but funny. Rarely it was a comedy Jack Black that I have not enjoyed to some extent. So I was very glad to hear that Jared Hess, the writer and director of Napoleon Dynamite, and Jack Black will join a movie about a Spanish monk who becomes a fighter to save an orphanage. My only reservation was that the plot looked too thin. Unfortunately, my only reservation was the collapse of the whole movie. This plot, if drawn as a sketch on such a show as "Saturday Night Live" or even "Mad TV", would have worked smoothly. Unfortunately, the plot is too thin over the execution time of about an hour and a half hour and this comedy with a joke collapses. Nacho was raised in a Mexican monastery and became a devoted man of the Lord. Feeling it avoided by the entire monastery, Nacho (Black), now the monastery chef, decides to follow his dreams to become a professional fighter. As the monastery's finances reached a low level of time, Nacho decides to join a wrestling tournament so he can win prizes and provide good food for the orphanage of the monastery. This plot sounds so sweet and caregiver. It looks like the perfect movie for Jack Black. Look what he did with "Rock School", after all. Well, to my dissatisfaction, this plot is almost completely ruined by offensive and gross humor that just takes away the heart of the movie. Is it again Hollywood's way of showing that they feel that teenage audiences will only understand fart jokes and stupid humor? Of course, for all I know, maybe this is the general thought of adolescents, as many seemed to enjoy this film. Seeing an ordinary woman grumble like a mouse over the floor will certainly make people laugh, but do not expect to get a prize to put it in the movie. A seven-year-old could do the same joke. The performance of "Nacho Libre" is actually good. Jack Black proves once again that he is absolutely hilarious and can even make the most idiotic and worthless lines of the story ever written. Unfortunately, this film was not enough for him. He did not give him anything to continue, and the only reason his jokes were working on him. I have never seen or heard of Ana de la Reguera, but now I can say that she is not only talented enough, but she is one of the most beautiful women ever to have seen me. It just clicked on the role and it worked great. Héctor Jiménez, who plays Nacho's partner, Esqueleto, has made me laugh all the time. He did a very nice job and was very effective when he collaborated with Jack Black. Darius Rose, who plays an orphan called Chancho, did not have many lines, but, what can I say, I enjoyed him. She was adorable. The rest of the cast did its job. It is regrettable that they were wasted on such a sub-par film. Nacho Libre does not work. Its plot is stretched too thin. The heart is everything dirty of moronic humor and bad jokes that do not work. I rarely laughed, and if I did, it was because of Jack Black or another member of the distribution. And that leads me to the bright side of "Nacho Libre": yes, the distribution. This distribution was just fine, for lack of a better word, they were on. They all clicked, they had excellent chemistry together and pumped as much life into the flat screen. After Jared Hess's "Napoleon Dynamite" kept me awesome for the whole movie, I was surprised to find myself so often bored with Nacho Libre. Something was lost here and I still understood what it was. All I know is that "Nacho Libre" is not a good movie and yet, due to its distribution, it is totally worthless. There is a small reason to watch if you do not just watch Jack Black's work. But if you are not a fan of Jack Black, avoid this movie like plague. I like Black, but I'm done with this movie and this review. Ultimate Thought: Yikes! This is surprisingly disappointing about the pursuit of Jared Hess for the hysterical "Napoleon Dynamite." <br /> <br /> Overall rating: 4/10 (C +)
