The Order starts in Rome where there is a chief of a special order of priests dealing with ghosts and demons called Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti), cut in New York, where one of Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger) orders (Catholic ) - Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), asking him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Dominic's death. Together with his girlfriend, Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and his colleague Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy), Alex travels to Italy to bury himself in the death of his mentor, as the truth begins to appear; it seems that Dominic was a " and they lived with their burden so that they die in peace, and that the Church was not content with its activities. Alex must do what he is right, even if it contradicts what he believes ... He also knows under the title The Eater Eater This German American co-production was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & I wish you a great deal if I am sincere and usually I am honest that it is.However, it allows you to start with the misery of a scenario that has some OK ideas, but it is extremely predictable, boring and boring, sometimes stupid, and takes too much seriously. The whole concept is scary and while he thinks he is intelligent, with so pure, so pure that everything that connects and brings the whole story, I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to finish things. Here are the usual religious themes here, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah you know these things. Then there are mischiefs that are not hard to see, abuse of power by high-ranking clerics, corruption, greed, evil, etc. you know those Hollywood-style ideas and themes that are re-used every time they deal with the Church. The Order has nothing new to say and as a serious piece of film, making her fucked up. I'm not too sure who to turn to the Order as a fan of deadly horror, I have not seen much horror in this sense, like a thriller less than thrilling, like a mystery too predictable and there is nothing here to join and for keep your interest, and for some reason I do not realize that the IMDb also contains the Order as an action film that is absurd, being as exciting and action-packed as the Sesame Street episode (1969 - present ), maybe it's hard, but it's what I think ... Director Helgeland does a good job, the movie seems to have a very soft lighting scheme and everything seems a little crazy, gray and boring. For a supposedly horrified film The Order is highly enlightened by scarecrows or horror elements, in fact there is not one of the two bad kids that can turn into a herd of birds, for no apparent reason, you ask. Forget about any gore or violence, because there is nothing to be good, but it would have helped at least make the Order somehow pursued. According to the "Trivia" section of IMDb, the release date of the order was put back, so some of the special effects could be improved because they looked unintentionally funny, all I can say is that judging by the finished film the effects must be it was very bad to start because they are not really bright as they are now. I was amazed to see that the Order has a budget of about $ 28,000,000, which is a hell of money, and I can not really see where everything has gotten off the sets and the production design that are good. The whole movie looks and feels very medium and completely forgotten. The action is OK, although the type of annoying fat, which seems to be a kind of comic glitter, has irritated a good actor, such as Peter Weller, deserves better than that. Order, I prefer the title Bird sin, in fact, it does not matter too much, it misses all your intentions of proverbial mercy in my eyes and it's a pretty dull way to lose 100 strange moments in your life, so it's not you do! Not recommended.
