This unpleasant apology for a movie reminded me a lot of what I heard about "Gigli," the Ben and Jen flop earlier this summer. The "Order" has been clearly drafted to such an extent that scenes, rather than creating a cohesive and challenging film, seemed to be a collection of disconnected sequences that did not do much to convey any appearance of a plot unified. Now I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 Things I Hate About You," "The Story of a Knight," and especially his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my man has to find a better agent. Continue to accept scripts such as "The Order" and "Four Feathers," and he will be following the film's quick forgotten. Here are the problems I had with the movie. First, the director tried to cope with the inadequacy of his essential plot, introducing two other lines of plot that seemed to have nothing to do with anything. The jurisprudence plan, which implies that the American tries to take over the Vatican and the Pope, while little interesting, did nothing to reveal anything to the viewer about the main characters. Attempts to bind together these threads were pathetic at best. Secondly, please do not insult the spectator's intelligence by introducing it into movie scenes that are mandatory. I produced fury, love produced and the most idiot made sex, which looked like a page of even "Matrix Reloaded" with techno numbing skull music. Instead of developing their character, these items seemed like cheap devices that they were clearly a half-hearted attempt to put popcorn teenagers on the chairs. Third, and most importantly, this film seemed to have an intriguing concept. We have a scandal, we have religion and we have supernatural forces at play. Why do we learn almost nothing about someone's past? He learns little about Alex, but even he gives up the priest's passion for sleeping with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past. And Alex is the most developed, if you can name it, the character in the whole movie. As is happening today, if you're going to see a movie this year, make sure it's not This. It's ten minutes of an intriguing 101-minute deal. The only thing that saved me was to go with a girl I like the most. 1 out of 10. I'm disappointed. Send it to this under-potential, but you've suffocated it over editing and inappropriate targeting. Warm up my man, go back to Monster's tapes. I really fit you.
