In the old days of the Catholic Church, a sinner was an individual who, through ritual, would take the sins of a dead person upon them. Often, these people were excommunicated or similar individuals that the church would not have graduated from, thus denying entry into the heavens. Sinful sinners were seen as blasphemy, eluding the monopoly of the kruch upon redemption. Do a sexual event with a certain supernatural mojo, let the concept wander wherever possible and have the Order, a movie that combines the stigmata religious anti-authoritarianism, the X-Files Paranormal Investigation and Thorn's Sexual Spirituality Birds "in a weird melanchilla that sometimes works. Alex (Heath Ledger) is a dishonest priest, one of the last members of the Carolingian Order, an ethnic semi-order of priests seeking knowledge, demon-fighters. When Alex's mentor is found dead under bizarre circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Labeling over the years is colleague Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman), who was subjected to one of Alex's exorcisms one year before. The three go to Rome to investigate and are drawn into a dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresy, threatening prophecies, demonic intrusions, and a man who claims to be the last Survivor of Sin (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same executives on the scattershot and half-hearted "A Knight's Tale"), the movie is a strange and difficult to classify. He wants to have more things at the same time - supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilot - and only sometimes succeed at any of them. This is not helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepwalkers through their spectacles on the occasion of a blast of brilliance. Ledger, in particular, has a particularly amazing scene of despair in a different monochromatic performance. Sossman, however, presented the same offline performance she gave in all her films (especially in the "Rules of Attraction"). The plot itself moves back and forth between several different story arches, which would like to ask you which is the main with each bow that contains its side of red herring. The wide gaps of narration seem to be lost between scenes, sometimes that can be confusing for many, but it is also one of the rescue graces of the film. The structure of the movie - coupled with the fact that there is never a truly clear antagonist until the end of the film - forces the viewer to analyze and explain at a time when most films are obviously obvious about everything (the exception to this is the historical context of the Carolingians and the practice of sinners, both being explained in dry exposure). Even at the beginning of the film, character relationships and history are deducted instead of explanations. Combine them with spot shooting and the judicious use of special effects and you have a very old supernatural thriller, even with the opening credits that remind you of something from the late 70's / early 80's. <br /> < > A short mention here also for David Torn's subtle and organic score, a combination of minimalist orchestration and exotic voice in the style of Lisa Gerrard. A very beautiful score that is evocative without being bombastic and is in a very deceptive simplicity. A wrong plot, a lack of purpose, and sometimes sleepy performance would often be a movie, but for some reason the "Order" remains visible. Many people will be very offended by movies for their strange sensibilities, and some may even become angry that they are forced to engage in the superior functions of the brain to understand it. However, the immense intangibility of the movie will prevent it from being critical or commercial success to the DVD, which is sure to be stored with abundant amounts of deleted scenes. A film recommended only for those who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10.
