The good guys at Webster's Dictionary define Logophobia as "fear of words." I may be a logophobe. Because no combination of words frightens me more than at the beginning of a movie, the credits contain the words "Produced, Written and Directed by:" and are followed by the name of a single individual. Think about this. There are carpenters, electricians and plumbers, but so few things like jack-of-all-trade. Even the most seasoned directors like Speilberg and Scorsese rarely take control of their films. But there I was, all naked in my theater seat, popcorn in my hand, and on the point of following the Order, when I hit a shot like a fastball Nolan Ryan, were the words "Produced, Written and Directed by Brian Helgeland" . Wow! <br /> <br /> Being a gentle film, I knew about Brian Helgeland. As a writer, his filmography over the last 10 years will be composed as a price of the dotcom company's actions in 1998. There have been as many austerity as Assassins, The Postman, Conspiracy Theory, because there have been critical and award-winning successes (LA Confidential, Mystic Rau). Did they seem alter? a good one, an evil one, knowing that his latest film, "BloodWork," was one of Clint Eastwood's most scattered efforts, I breathed and hoped for the best. In retrospect, I should not have been out. The Order calls Heath Ledger, while Alex Bernier, a priest in an order known as the Carolingians, who is called to Rome when a priest colleague is killed in circumstances that the Arch of the Bishop considers "curious." Meeting with Father Thomas (also of the Order and marvelously played by Mark Addy), they tried to put together the guess left behind by the premature death of the priest. <br /> <br /> This is a plot involving Mara Sinclair (played by Shannyn Sossamon) who escaped from an institution that was the result of her attempts to kill Alex during an exorcism. Alex has feelings for Mara, and for some reason unknown to the public, they travel together to Rome. A good night's sleep passes, and Alex faces William Eden (Benno Fürmann) who claims to be an old neighbor of sin. A sinner Eater, as we are told, is the one who eats the sins of an individual dying when the church does not, thus allowing entry into Heaven. William, like luck, would be tired of a healing life and look for Alex to take over his role and release him from his worldly duties. Alex is reluctant, but after the death of her new love, Mara, Alex is committed to the Sin of Sin's ritual to save her and the transformation is complete. Alex then searches for answers to his many questions, while Father Thomas reveals the Vatican's plot following the passing of authority to his investigating colleague. <br /> <br /> The order is not a terrible movie, but it is very boring. There were special ridiculous effects and no connection with any of the characters. Even in the most dramatic scene - that of Alex going to the dead Mara - it is pale and smooth and leaves no emotional response to the couple's situation. Everyone seems to speak so quietly and unmotivated that film-coated lines and odorous salts could have been taken to prevent me from trying to take a nap in the middle of the movie. So, Mr. Helgeland, please do not try this again. Share your vision with others and let the most experienced people help you direct you in directions that are not so narrow and self-serving. Until then, there is nothing to show that you are capable of anything more than a defective degree. Two stars. <br /> <br />
