... and even then, even they can live without seeing it. To be honest, this movie (if anyone wants to call it that) is of real interest only for the weirdness of slavery. Bettie Page fans will learn nothing new (and I do not want to say anything), nor will they enjoy hot fuzz to experience something familiar, beloved or cherished. Do not forget the abisal scenario, a theater act less than the community, the total absence of direction, the crappy illumination or any of the rest of the production base of the underground business. This is definitely "Hey, kids, make a movie!" making films of the smallest order. I suppose someone might be grateful that at least he knew how to run the camera. No, I'm sorry to say that nothing of this is unparalleled why this is so clear * wrong *. It's wrong because the young lady playing Betty Page, a girl somewhat interested in a single resemblance to Queen's curves, is the dark hair and the trademark's bang, fails to bring anything out of the role beyond the desire to be tied and gagged. This seems to be a good thing for his film career before and from this miserable excess, but not for the miserable excess itself, consisting primarily of a number of B & D sets set with rewarded love, between terrible and fatal, biographical scenes, The fall of the page from grace (so to speak). There is probably more information in itself about the life of the page in opening and closing credits than in the rest of the movie. Do not be fooled. This is not a worthy movie accompaniment to "The Notorious Bettie Page". This is not a worthy movie at all. This is a fetish piece that deals with the attraction of one of the greatest hideouts of all time and makes it without a class, no style and no real sense of understanding the character of Betty Page. No true fan of Betty Page will find anything but disappointment, I guarantee you this. <br /> <br /> Avoid at any price. If it is free, remember that time is also money. It may not be worth yours, but I bet it's worthwhile that you're sorry you missed time with that. That's it, we're done, you've been warned.
