One of the potential serious environmental costs of most mining operations is polluting downstream, rivers and lakes with excess sediment and toxins. One of the worst examples in the 19th century in the United States of sedimentation of excessive rivers was caused by the hydraulic exploitation of wild hills on Sacramento areas between 1850 and early 1880. This process involved the directing of a jet high water pressure on the hill, causing the material to wash down, where gold could be separated from gravel and sediment. The sediment was then collected in a ditch or in the water and most of all found its way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediment that remained on the river bank has increased the likelihood of flooding in downstream agricultural fields and towns and has created permanent marshes in some areas. Some of the sediments were shed on agricultural fields, where they could cover crops or could cover their soil better or would be difficult to look at. Thus, the conflicting interests of companies using hydraulic mining and downstream farmers affected by these operations are the subject of this almost forgotten film 1938 by Warner. First of all, we might ask why Warner decided to film this film in a fairly poor technology, a very rare treatment in 1938. A story about wheat farmers and gold miners does not seem to justify the costs and difficulties of filming of colors at this time. The answer seems to be the extraordinary time of the movie spent inside, with colored clothes and ornaments. Then we might ask why George Brent was chosen as the leading man and final hero to be associated with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this film needed a charismatic leading man to wear it. Even usually colorful, Gabby Hayes, in his small role, seemed unusually obedient. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before the last seemingly more dramatic part of the film. The part I have seen has spent too long establishing a complicated set of relationships between too many people, to the detriment of the graphical representation of the baron's choice of wheat and perhaps of the nearby population and their attempts to deal with flood and sedimentation. It was supposed to be more like "Good Earth," launched just one year before. Perhaps it would have been right for a charismatic man such as Errol Flynn. Finally, this is the untitled title. Certainly, Warner could have come up with an appealing or more appropriate title. "Gold or grains" is short and straight. In fact, I understand that there is still a lot of gold in their "hills", waiting to be extracted by other means than hydraulic mining.
