Zeppelins exploding under the "Sky Captain" Jude Law show a good metaphor to describe how terrible this movie is. First of all, let me immediately say the bat that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will ever recover money from this movie. A cult hit could become, but only because it is so remarkable for what it failed to achieve. Now I can see the studio ground. "Combine German Expressionism in the 1920s and a globotrotting adventure from the 1940s with a modern action movement and use computer animation to dominate every scene!" "It will not be a success!" Skycaptain bludgeons the spectator with his absolute excess. There are too many false explosions, too many unconvincing dogfight scenes and too few real moments in which the characters are only painful in two dimensions. After all, why shock and astonishment with a floating aircraft when you can have three, five or one hundred ?! Moreover, what could have been a revolutionary film, perfectly combining computer-generated images with human actors in a stylized and intriguing frame, will in no case become a flop because it fails to meet the most important requirement of any film that uses CGI. Simply, the graphics are amazingly poor. From the movement of the machines to the aircraft physics in knife fighting, everything seems to be a bit smaller. I'm not here in any way. A child may notice that a car does not align along the way like a maglev train (unless it is a Mercedes S500). And for those who raise your voice in protest, shouting, "This is a stylized movie, it should not be like reality," let me say that. Lord of the Rings has set the standard for integrating real-life actors with CGI, Troopers Starship has set the standard for ironic science fiction, Rocketeer has made a solid job reintroducing the 1920s back into Hollywood film portrayal, and Tim Burman's Batman created a unique image of New York / Gotham, which has not yet been repeated. Captain Sky is so short of all these movies, it's hard to mention them in the same sentence. Besides, the act is so poor that it makes me sick. So you have it. I spent $ 9 to see this movie and you have my review. I hope it could deter everyone from making the same mistake that I did.
