When the robot hordes start attacking big cities, who will stop the mad behind the attacks? Captain Sky! Jude Law plays the role of Joe Sullivan, the ace on the road that deals with insurmountable chances, along with his former beloved reporter, Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former flight partner, Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). Captain Sky and Tomorrow's World can feel and feel like an exciting movie, but it's really boring and overwhelming. The film's running time is 106 minutes, but it feels so much because there is no substance in this movie. The visuals were great and the movie did a nice job. However, there is nothing to support these wonderful pictures. The film does not have an interesting story and characters, making things pretty boring and useless. I blame director and writer Kerry Conran. He concentrates too much on the visuals and spends little time on the real story. The film is like a girl without personality, after a kind becomes gentle and tiring. Captain Sky is a beautiful girl without personality. It's just another case of style on the substance. The actor is surprising by the media and it is not their fault, because they had very few things to work with. The main reason I watched this movie is because of Angelina Jolie. However, advertising is quite misleading and it's just in the movie for about 30 minutes. Its performance is surprisingly gentle. Jude Law offers good performance, although you would expect much more from it. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. Ling Bai's performance was the only one I liked. She offers quite good performance as the mysterious woman and she was the only interesting character in the whole movie. The film is not a complete bust. There were some wow and exciting scenes. They simply were not enough. The film does not have that hook to make it memorable. In fact, it was pretty gentle and it was not at all appealing. It's too bad that the movie was not very good because it had such a promising premise. Eventually, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and is not worth watching. Rating 4/10
