I entered the theater for Sky Captain in 2004 waiting for a good movie. Almost every review of this movie was positive, the effects seemed thrilling, compelling preview. Needless to say, disappointment does not actually describe the feeling that I have received from this film. It was anger. Beyond being boring and inadequately written, the reason why the movie gets two stars out of ten is that everything in the movie has been stolen from another source. I understand the difference between homage and theft: it steals. More importantly, it seems that film producers did not steal to progress a point or move the plot along. They just stole to show that I can. There is literally no point in showing a movie by The Wizard of Oz in a theater at the beginning of the movie, except for the arrangement of another scene (which I will not elaborate) that steals from the same movie. Needless to say, every concept in the movie was neither original nor even a spin on an old concept: it was literally just a renewal of what I have already seen, from robots of the pulp era recalling the old drawings animated Superman and the recent Iron Giant movie to the silent minion of the evil character's marital artist who has been used in countless films, most acclaimed in recent years as Darth Maul in Star Wars: The Phantom Menace. the subject of the real movie, most of the shows were completely wooden. Perhaps this is due to the fact that the entire movie was made on a blue screen, the images on the computer completing everything, saving the actors. Frankly, this is not an excuse for a faint action. If a person has ever been a child, they understand that lack of visual reference is no excuse for not trying. Finally, there is no humanity in this movie. Protagonists are the only real human beings here. Almost all antagonists are robots, and the number of friendly characters that are presented during the movie can be counted on the one hand. If the robots attack the entire planet, should we not expect to see the masses of mankind running away from them? The sub-paramount performance of our main characters prevents us from actually connecting something here. The film was not the worst movie out there, which is why I did not give it 1. Rather, the film was an example of everything that is wrong with modern action movies: directors tried to justify the film with special effects, but without an artistic vision or originality of any kind, it collapses.
