In short, this movie is completely useless. The idea is to make the film in terms of what someone from the early 1900's might think of the future. An interesting idea, but the lack of story or convincing characters prevents us from ever suspending our mistrust, so the idea of ​​a flop. Apparently, the entire movie was done with actors in front of the green screens and we should be impressed. But as a person with graphics, soaking was an obvious crutch to conceal the difficult edge of the sharp edge with the green screen. Color is largely washed without relevant effects, except for reduced visual quality. And I do not understand why anyone would think anything in this movie to be a breaking stone anyway. If not, ridiculous retrographic graphics have lowered the bar for very bad graphics - it is not measured until the ancient graphics of Jurassic Park. The robot models were so simple, simple and very unpredictable. There were a bunch of prehistoric strange animals on that island, but they are not explained in any way. The story is horrible beyond faith. Actually, I can not believe I did not get out of this movie. The relationship between Polly and Joe is unmotivated, and the film is based on mistrust and deception. Why is the character of Morris Paley? We are in no way convinced that Joe is heroic-that is, he is flying on a plane and saved a person (Polly) for personal reasons. Yeah, he's a great hero for you. Dex has a very low screen time, so why should we care about the fact that Joe wants to save him? Who were the Nepalese who blocked Joe and Polly in the mine vault and why would they do it (remembering that the entire Totenkopf operation was robotic)? Engravings: (1) Why does Bai Ling's character (an important fall from her excellent character in "The Crow") stop the robots who have captured Joe? They were looking for the vials and had not found them. (2) Why did not want Dex captured, but not killed (does not know or know about bottles, and bad guys did not know that Polly had ampoules and was linked to Joe and therefore Dex)? (3) Polly indicates that "they" do not know anything about Totenkopf, yet he has a secret source about him that contains what seems to be a complete FBI-style file. (4) The empty point on the map described by the Nepalese - if they know everything about this mysterious area, why the hell is their empty map in that place? (5) At one point, Polly and Joe have to give up their clothes (are burned) - Joe gets new clothes identical to his old clothes, but Polly is forced to wear a strange voluminous dress, then in the same line of continuity suddenly , Polly has original clothes back. * sigh *. How far should I have to change my brain to follow these nonsense? We have to enjoy the music, even if nothing interesting or fun is happening on the screen. > <br /> And acting? Should we be impressed by a bunch of bad British accents? Which character is not annoying? I think Ling Bai's dialogue was probably the best of the whole movie (it does not have a single line). The dialogue was not camp, nor did it rise to the level of cheese. It's stupid and annoying. These people are not heroes or convincing; they are the kind of people you will try to ignore or disillusion if you've ever had the misfortune to meet them in real life. I can not believe this movie gets an over-the-average rating here. IMDb. IMHO should compete with "Batman Forever" at the bottom 100 of all time.
