Sky Captain is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. Rife, with special effects and special effects, accompanied by a list of A-list (Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie and Giovanni Ribisi infinitely sympathetic) and racing along with a story used by Indiana Jones-esquire. movie to watch. "It should be" being the key term here, of course. Jude Law plays Joe Captain Sky with a dashing accent and lots of over-the-burns, hearts melt, but you can not do anything out of anything, and even his flippante deliveries and boys' appearance can not save the stone's dialogue of the movie . (If he slammed Giovanni Ribisi back and said, "Good guy, Dex," just once more, could have barfed across the face in front of me.) Gwyneth Paltrow, like Polly Perkins, is not nothing less stopping the nerve. In the first ten minutes of the film, her obsessive and not sarcastic observations become old. Perhaps he has made too much effort to play the heroine of the 30 comic book stereotype - who knows? I was expecting more from her. An example of how a similar character was played (and played well) is in the late 90's The Phantom with Kristy Swanson and Billy Zane. Rent the movie and you'll know what I mean. Giovanni Ribisi and Angelina Jolie were the rescues of the film. (Angelina Jolie was incredibly hot in that sunglasses, I admit it). In just a few short scenes, both actors managed to rise above the tired material and give more riveting performance than their two-dimensional dry castmats. The progress and storyline of the stories were old, boring and practically a monotonous combination of every good scene in an action movie over the last thirty years. The rhythm is a rapid fire in the first half of the film and the rhythm of a snail in the second, giving the audience enough time not only to guess the film's finale, but also to find out who is the worst villain. The pair is rather cliché, too - Polly Perkins and Sky Captain are apparently reunited after a few years of separation from a bitter story, and their story is not so charming and eclectic that it is annoying and inappropriate. When they eventually arrive with their mutual feelings toward the end of the movie, nobody is surprised, and nobody even cares. Supports the director for the appreciation of Bai Ling enough to dress the whole film in the vinyl, but also for the interesting sepia tones that served as coloring throughout the year. But Captain Sky, despite having all the essential elements of being a great movie, collapses. It's not even worth the 2.75 USD that I paid to get into the theater.
