"Captain Sky" can be considered a tribute to comic books, pulp adventures and film series but contains little of the magic of some of the best of these genres. A taxpayer says the joy of the film depends on whether someone recognizes the influences of the movie. I do not think it's true at all. Expected expectations of films, fiction and series that the "captain" brings tribute to have been completely different. Especially for those who have experienced these fun when they were children. This film is almost completely devoid of their charm and magnetic attraction. Of course we know that leaders will come in and out of scratches, but there must be some tension and drama. Towards the climax of the Captain, the Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent the catastrophe, and until they get up to five minutes, they walk on foot without getting close to their purpose. They take time for a long look and useless conversation, and the contemplation of a fallen enemy with 30 seconds remaining tragedy. Of course, some conventions are expected to be included, but a good director would have kept a sense of urgency. It does not expect movies of this kind to necessarily have "sense". We can expect them to be fun, thrilling and have a sense of inner logic. The captain has almost nothing. Do you remember when the Law and Paltrow are being watched by the winged creatures, and they get into a huge abyss going through a log bridge? Well, why are they sure about those creatures when they get on the other side? They can fly! Prominence itself does not mean anything to them. The bridge is not necessary for them, so where is the escape? If the endless land is "forbidden" to flying creatures, the film did not make any effort to tell us how and why or not. I know that Paltrow and the Law (both have done fine performances in the past) have played "types," but both have been pretty flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who seemed able to have a great nuance here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to offer "oomph" to their roles, although Omid Djalili seemed to have been able to handle a little more if he had only the chance. He did a pretty good job, anyway, considering how he was basically lost. The movie had a great "look", but there are so many ways CGI distracts. CGI works best when used for fantastic, when used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for spectacular scientific or magical. When used to replace natural sites, it disappoints. There is no real sense of wonder. A CGI mountain has no stability or sense of awe and preoccupation that makes it a true mountain. I know the design of this film was quite deliberate and it was not necessarily necessary to look real, but should not it feel that way? Simply not. <br /> <br /> As for the weak and cliché script ... homage is not an excuse. Even so, if the film had some emotion and dramatic tension, it could have been nice. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I'm not Tom Cruise's fan, but he had everything that the Captain did not particularly notice the viewer in his world and made us accept the rules and the way to be in a way that "Sky Captain" certainly did not. I would like to see a similar approach taken to the 30th and 40th comic book movie heroes. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes to mind as being ripe for such treatment. Perhaps the better, better known and fully accomplished characters of that character would make for a much better film. It would be hard to be worse.
