This is a direct sequel to "The Mummy's Hand" (1940), as the main character Stephen Banning (played by Dick Foran) is now thirty years old and tells the story (with archive images) to his son's fiancé . There are only two unusual aspects of the film: the early death of Banning and the presence of Turhan Bey. Lon Chaney, as a mummy, Kharis gets the maximum bill, but given the nature of his role, he has less to do than keep his arms or cut his arms. There is nothing terrifying about his presence, except for his attempt to bring out the fiance, Isobel (Elyse Knox). Dick Foran gets the second billing, but he's killed in the first fifteen minutes! We'll have to wait until "Psycho" (1960) when a lead character (Janet Leigh) dies before the end of the movie! Babning's first friend, Babe Jenson (now Henson), appears a little later, looking much, much older, not making any comic book he did in the original. It's hard to believe he's the same actor! Unfortunately, this great acting job is wasted because he is killed by Kharis after just two short scenes. It is then left to John Banning's son (played by John Hubbard's bit player) to lead the cemetery - NO! The sheriff leads a torch that swallows the mob into Banning's house to burn and kill the mummy. Universal familiar sound? Turhan Bey is presented to audiences as the new High Priest, Mehmet Bey, to care for and feed the tanned leaves to Kharis. With his "exotic" voice and appearance, it's too bad he's so easily killed. A better film would have "Babe" take Von Helsing's story about mummy pursuits with a final decisive battle with him and Mehmet Bay. Instead, we have a pedestrian retrofit with different tracks from previous universal horror films created by Griffin Jay's hack, which has written many of the other members of Universal, although he has also made "Don Winslow of the Marine" (1942 ) Don Winslow of Coast Guard (1943), which included Elyse Knox. Elyse Knox played Anne Howe in six films Joe Palooka (1946-1949) and of course Turhan Bey, with 43 films and television, is excellent in the lead role of "The Amazing Dr. X" (1948). Cinematography is much darker and more atmospheric (with noir shadows in the sheriff's office) than Kharis's first mummy movie, but it's not something of interest or enthusiasm. I give her a 3.
