This movie was a real torture event. Its first mistake is treating nuclear power as a "bad thing" that it just has to convince the public. When he stops discussing his argument, the participants give their groundless evidence; all that is missing is someone who is crying "when someone thinks about the children!" While watching this movie, I always thought "where did you hear that?" or "which can not be true" - however, little information was supported by any reliable sources. And to bless them, the "ordinary people" in the film met more with Luddians than with people who understand the pros and cons of nuclear energy; to be fair, it could be blame for filmmakers, but equally fair, is a condition shared by the rock stars of the film. As for the performers ......... Now some of these people are very respected musicians whose music I enjoyed and I'm sure some of them really believed in this case . But they all meet like old hippies of whistles desperately looking for something to go over, now that the 60 years have passed. Especially embarrassing are Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to try too hard - he does not seem to believe the things he says (not that they blame him), but desperately to feel noticeable and included. James Taylor fulfills what must be the "hymn" of the "Wimpiest" protest ever, "Stand and Fight," in the worst-looking way you can imagine. In fact, most of the shows are pretty gentle when they are not patronized. Nobody seems to have worked on this event, as if it did not mean too much for them. It is worth noting that the driving force behind this event seems to be John Hall, of the Orleans band and responsible for some of the most beautiful MOR pop in the '70s. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance With Me" and "Still One"). It is worth noting that this is a symbol of how the cause fails to inspire a real passion in music. The cause is supposed to be life or death, but everyone makes sleepwalking through their numbers, as if playing in Catskills. Except Gil-Scott Heron - his "We Almost Lost Detroit" protest number is at least on the theme, but delivered with all the gentleness of a schioler puppy impressed by how "controversial" he is. Only Bruce Springsteen's performance raises an impulse; I have never been a big fan of the Boss, but he absolutely smokes, no doubt. A part of me thinks it was recorded separately at another event and was edited in this movie to wake the audience. Unlike the general lack and self-satisfaction of air here, no wonder Bruce was hailed as a rock'n'roll savior. But even his performance is hobbled by lifeless shooting. I do not expect a pretty brilliant motion of the room in a movie in the 1970s, but the photographs are static unnecessary, broken only by secondary cracks at a singer's tonsil. Now, some of this may be due to the fact that performers are lifeless to get started; and * maybe * the filmmakers are more capable of filming than shooting the concert - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie that it did with more skill. And with more interesting musicians. In fact, there are only two things to watch this movie for: Springsteen's starring performance and as a sad snapshot of a declining counter-culture.
