This extremely weak Australian excuse for a cinematic image is something like the Pavlov dog experiment among the horror films. You remember this famous "reflex conditioning" experiment in your school books, right? Russian researcher Pavlov proved that dogs tended to salivate before food enters their mouth, and this by repetitive routines that stimulate the animal's reflexes. Pavlov pulled a bell a few moments before the food was delivered to the dog and, after a while, became anxious and excited and already began to sigh from the sound of the bell sound. What the hell has this all the boring explanation, along with a poor and low-budget scandal in Aussie, did I hear you thinking? Well, the modus operandi of the maniac killer in "Nightmares" is an exact variant of Pavlov's experiment. Each crime scene is preceded by raw sound and the image of the killer who breaks a window because he insists on using a piece of sharp glass to cut off the victims. So, this means that after a short period of time, incompetent and bored viewers can afford to stop and look again when they hear the crushing glass sound. That's what makes nothing special! <br /> <br /> As far as the quality of "Nightmares" is concerned, they can be very short. This is an inexpensive, uninspired, and largely immeasurable cash of the Aussie on the contemporary popular trend of American slash films. In the early 1960s, a four-year old confessed his mother's cruel death, while her neck opened in an ugly accident. Twenty years later, the same girl? Helen Selleck ?? is a successful actress but still has severe mental problems and regularly suffers from horrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. She is listening for a role in a black comedy piece that turns to death and is part of it. Shortly after the big premiere, all those who are even involved in the production are sacrificed. It is really retarded how this film tries to support the mystery of the identity and motivation of the killer, even if even the most infantile viewer can figure it out after the first murder. I do not think I've ever seen a whiter than the "Nightmares", and the creators would have had to immediately show their face and save themselves from embarrassment. The killing is explicit and very bleeding, and there is an unhealthy amount of nudity free to "enjoy". However, production values ​​are weak and so the film is never shocking or provocative at some point. Some of the clips that we see about the current song make it seem likely to be the worst thing ever done on the stage. The only positive elements of the film are the characters of the director and critic of the homosexual newspaper, who are so charming and insulting to other casting members how much we do. "Nightmares" is a terrible piece of horror cinema exploiting, but, hey, at least I gave you a golden peak to be more digestible.
