The success of Mehmet Bey (Turhan Bey) for returning to America to use the mummy Kharis (Lon Chaney, Jr., who has no mummy) is Professor Andoheb (George Zucco) reason being disguised ... a stuntman could make the same credible work around the suffocation and suffocation of the victims) to kill the surviving members of the Banning family, whose patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and Assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) the mummified tomb of Princess Ananka in her grave in Egypt. Andoheb considers this a strange act of profanation and wants the family to suffer because he has done such a terrible act toward an ancient Egyptian habit. Bey and the mummy Kharis find a nice resting place in a cemetery where the High Priest of Karnak can work as a guard in disguise. Every full moon, Bey will feed Kharis a form of liquid derived from several Tana leaves that will keep it not only alive but also subordinate to his master's wishes. Bey orders Kharis to kill Stephen and Jane's (Mary Gordon) sister while waiting for Babe to return to become a victim 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) intends to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox) ​​does not know that Bey secretly wants his fiancé to kidnap him with the help of Kharis. John's life is in danger because of his father ... he is also the last remaining member of the banning line. If Bey has Isobel, there is no chance of other Bannings being born. The police have to find Kharis and the one responsible for his massacre. Bey. This film is a sequel to HAND, set down years later as members of that film, Foran, Ford & Zucco, all appear in the "aging" makeup that offers wrinkles showing gaps in time when Andoheb prepares for his death Bannings. John's and Isobel's Cornball's story seems only in this plot, so Bey will be in jeopardy of his perfect plan, which was successful before he polished it. And Bey just sees a mess with John on the grass ... all the "dear first sight" garbage did not really wash for me. Plus, you have a mummy capable of killing people with one hand ... is that a real mummy so strong? This movie also uses a ton of movie from the previous movie to save the budget on this sequel. There is not so much a story here and yes, typical of the images of universal monsters, even in America, a lot of people will light up ..... after Kharis has gone. You know how it will end ... John and the strongest Kharis will be scattered in a huge mansion with fire burning around them, while the evil one is swallowed by the flame.
