First of all, yes, animals have emotions. If you did not already know that, then I think you're crazy. But suppose none of us is an idiot. We all know that the animals have emotions and now we want to see how these emotions manifest in nature, right? What we get is a tedious and ridiculous simplistic documentary that tries to show how "human" animals are. Those who create the film are looking for high and low images for animals that deal with human behavior, and when it happens, they say, "This monkey is almost human!" (this is actually a direct quote). Everything is in human terms. They lose time theorizing about what makes dogs smile, but never mention what a tailed queue means. The arrogance of these researchers is disgusting. They even go so far as to show chimps dressed in human clothing and wearing a cowboy hat. I was expecting an insightful documentary about animals in their terms. I wanted to learn how animals emulate in their own languages. Instead, researchers continue to fall back to pedantry, anthropomorphic observations and assumptions. Add a soundtrack and chimps images "celebrating Christmas", and that was enough to turn my stomach back. But it does not end there. Half of this documentary is filmed not in wilderness, but in experimental laboratories and installations. All chimpanzee photos are through steel bars and we see how these monkeys are crowded together in their sterile concrete cages. A particularly sobering moment happens around the beginning (though you need to notice it quickly), if a captive monkey says in the sign language: "You want to hurry." Obscure references refer to "stress tests" and psychological experiments that we tremble to imagine. Monkey monkeys are separated from their mothers at birth, and they are given wire dolls to prove that the child's apes want a "mother figure". And after 40 years of experimentation, deceptive researchers lie down on the back to reach their brilliant conclusion: monkeys have emotions. A chimpanzee called "Washoe" has been in a concrete cage since 1966 for this purpose, and until today it remains so. We take a quick look (beyond bars) on the fact that it rests on a concrete wall with a fairly unclear expression. Personally, I do not have to see any other experimental data. Washoe, I apologize for our whole species.
