I granted this one night in a cable channel a few minutes after the credits ran away, so I did not know who did it at first. The more I saw her, the more I began to think, "Jesus, this looks like a blow to Albert Pyun." It was not quite safe, however, for two main reasons: the photograph was pretty good (and the Utah Desert Landscape was beautiful), and Scott Paulin gave a hilarious interpretation like Simon, a killer cyborg, but with a certain style and a sense of humor. Paulin has had to admit the many scholars, because Albert Pyun did not write anything even distantly funny or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin does not have much time before he leaves, and the movie is worse for him. Lance Henriksen, playing the cyborg of evil head, lets go of his side, as he did in countless other films like this one. I do not know what the hell Kris Kristofferson is doing in this; maybe he wanted to see what the Utah desert looks like and pay for it. He goes through the movie, searching for (and probing) as if he just wakes up and actually spends most of the last half of the movie on his back in a tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a great body, is appealing, has a great body, is fighting very well, has a great body and does not have a jot of talent but does not matter in a movie like this. This is a film by Albert Pyun, it is full of the marks we have come to know and love: inappropriate and idiotic dialogue, emotional editing, and the impression that they have lost a coil in the middle of the picture and realized: "Ah, no one will ever notice. "As bad as this movie is still a shadow over most of Pyun's other efforts - this is" Citizen Kane, "compared to his adrenaline: Feel the Rush, for example. are good enough if they repeat (after 8 or 9 boys one after the other, you find yourself saying "Okay, you go to something else"), and Long is very athletic (and, as a previous poster remarked, has It's not a good film of any stretching of imagination but it's not nearly incoherent and incompetent with Pyun's extraordinary extravaganza. You could do worse than renting this movie - not much worse, but worse yet.
