In a post-apocalyptic environment, the cyborgs led by the warrior Job revolt against the human population. In principle, it keeps them as animals because they need fresh human blood to live. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when he was a kid and years passed when he came back to face cyborgs, but this time was rescued by the cyborg Gabriel, which was created to destroy all cyborgs . Job and his men are about to capture a heavily populated city, while Nea (with revenge in mind) calls Gabriel to train her in the way of cyborg killings and takes her to Gabriel. > The cheap cyborg / post-apocalyptic forgiveness by writer / director Albert Pyun (who previously made "Cyborg" and "Nemsis" in the same year) is reasonably a junk piece with some interesting news. The very small structure is heading for rumors, because the turgid scenario is weak, pungent and exaggerated. The lead screen tries to be a sorcerer, but smells pretty much and happens to be comic in unintentional moments. Most of the actions that appear are quite meaningless and routine. The material could have been used by another Polish, because it was an inspired idea swallowed by lazy inclusions, lack of narrative, and almost a joke. The end-to-end conclusion, cliffhanger, is too steep, especially since there is still no need to continue. It makes them feel as if they were out of money and said: "Time to prepare, to end with another day (or maybe another decade). However, it was rather divergent, thanks to the performance is fair, Kris Kristofferson's dry and sterile character works perfectly, while Gabriel and Kathy Long, able to assure her psyche, performs experiments and aggressiveness, but her act is too woody. Lance Henriksen gives her a tasty, pure bacon performance, like Cyborg's evil leader, who has a constant Scott Paulin also sings a lot of joy as one of cyborgs and Gary Daniels pouts as one. Pyun touches some exciting martial art pieces, involving iguous glow and a slow slowdown. Inspiration in the background is a scorching but mechanical score music survey. The special effects and FX makeup go up pretty well. It can be seen, but not a success, and the minimal limitations can be the cause.
