Things get bored earlier, often in this mawkish jazz biography written and directed by Spike Lee. Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a jazz trumpeter who meets in front of a quintet that packs them down in Underdog. Among his problems is an incompetent manager, a saxist and two girlfriends playing the mattress. The true love of his life is his trumpet and his music. Giant manager has a dangerous gambling problem and proves to be an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and would be best eliminated, but Bleek remains loyal as much as possible. He will prove to be an evil as an artist, but ironically he contributes to his growth as a man. Like Bleek, Denzell Washington is entirely wrong as an ambitious trompeter with a babe on each arm. She is too sweet to focus on his art, giving patience and love to those close to him, a short distance from the key. It just does not have the fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays Henderson, the Saxon player, would have been more fit for the role, but he should even have guessed the fake by throwing scribblings out of Lee's thorny dialogue. Like the Giant, Lee hits the trifecta with an avid performance to fit his writing and direction. Trying to mirror Ratso Rizzo, the frightening but sympathetic Ratso Rizzo, to Joe Buck of Bleek, he takes a moment and even "I'm going here" from Cowboy at midnight. In this case, you want the taxi to execute it and be done with it. Lee's script is a terrible argument, hard-to-handle and veiled island with some strict editorialization that Lee needs to inject to stay down. The scenes between the band members in the backstage and the rehearsals have no sparkle and are overcome only by disturbing Bleek, Giant conversations that look ad lib and go in circles. Finishing this transvestity is Lee's pretentious style. Tracking photos, zooms, and trays is scattered and meaningless for scenes. They just walk. Blues is Lee's love letter for jazz (made implicit by the memorable mountains over all the sets) and is still a sentimental trap that has no passion and does not like it. The jazz of the film is best served by Midnight at Taurnier and Eastwood's "Bird", which is under the surface, reveals several facets of the form, the pain behind it, and infinitely superior lead performances by Forrest Whitaker and the real deal Dexter Gordon. This Spike Lee joint does not even offer a lightweight novelty. There's something pretty bad at home.
