I'm normally a fan of Spike Lee. It takes some time to really get into the "mojo," but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story close to his heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike the 25th or Bamboozled (two of my favorite films), there was no clear story in this movie. I have managed to understand the struggle between Washington and the choice to play well or to be influenced by others, but for some strange reason, Lee has never been able to get the true feeling. Washington did a decent job with what was handed to him, but you could say that this is not Lee's favorite movie. Not only did Lee direct this movie, but he also wrote it. You could say. The work on the camera was horrible, and writing only contributed to decaying the film. The movie was in full circle and would not be nice. Lee was not 100% behind this movie, as it was with The Right Thing. Of all the movies I saw on Lee directly, it was the brightest and most modest of her films. It was almost like creating a Hollywood movie instead of the one who was alone. I do not know if he saw the money from The Right Thing and ran with him or what? but this film has not shown his true talent. For someone who has seen this movie and probably has stopped pursuing something directed by Spike Lee afterwards because of this movie, I suggest you give her a second chance. Do not get me wrong, I see exactly where you come from with this movie and why would you want to put this behind you, but Lee's growing. His work is rather his own, and you can see transformation from the desire to make money just to want to make good movies. It took me a little time to look at the 25th time, but when I did it, it was pure brilliance. Perhaps they were the actors, he may have been telling, but Lee made an amazing film from the journey of a man to the unknown. I think we were hoping to be Mo 'Better Blues. This really dark journey in the life of a man who really did not grow up, but all I got was Denzel being Denzel. He is indeed one of the most versatile actors of this generation and I consider the poet of Sydney cinema, but it was not the film to show his talent. Another problem I had with this movie was the use of Spike's sister who played one of love interests. I do not know about you and your family, but I do not think I could have shot a sex scene with my sister. I do not care who the actor is or how much money they get paid, I would never do it. It's something I do not want to see, but it looks like it's different for Spike. He went ahead and showed his sister's nude image without any remorse. It was sad and even made me blush. I also need someone to answer this. What did Flavor Flav do with this film? So, I'm sitting on my couch, ready to start the movie, when suddenly a voice from the past shows the studio that made this movie, then he admits. That did not make for a stark remnant of the story. Again, I felt that Lee was money for this film instead of real talent. Perhaps that would allow both Denzel and Wesley in the same movie, without explosions. There were two great scenes in this movie that made it worth looking to the end. Do not get me wrong, it was a really bad movie, but there's always a diamond in every alley. The scene when Bleek accidentally forgets who the woman was fascinating. He continued to walk back and forth, experiencing the truth of confusion in a way that proved that Lee was actually behind the room. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in the mix because of the unfortunate scenes. The other scene that was worth watching was how Lee introduced and finished the movie. By preserving the same stimulus and direction, he managed to bring this tragic character around the circle and give him the chance to change his life. Apart from these two moments, the rest of the movie was a pure garbage, not worth watching if you are not about to be blind. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** of *****
