There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie they see and normal people. While I admit that I really enjoyed some of his films, I can also say with sincerity that I can not resist some of them. My opinion, by the way, is not just a knee reaction - I've seen most of Fellini's films and I have seen many of the world's most renowned filmmakers. In view of this, I feel that the most exaggerated and annoying executives can be both Godard and Fellini. Both have delighted in the bizarre and often undeclared, and yet have received gratitude stories from reviewers and "intelligence," while the ordinary person never stood by some of their films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema would generally be left in the cold when he sees some of these movies. Because only a small clique follows their films and are already prone to see directors as geniuses, it's not surprising that their films are often praised - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think about many of Godard's films, such as THE FIRST NAME OF CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF SPIRITS? These movies abound with boredom, strangeness and incomprehension. Now I'm not saying that a movie can not be weird (after all, I love Love KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it has to be watched! Now on this movie. In a way, Fellini has managed to make a story about an absolutely compulsive and non-sexy sexual compulsive person. This is not a small task - it took a lot of work to do this so infinitely. Instead of cheap sex emotions, sexual acts are miserly and annoyed, while Casanova's character is buried under so much makeup and prosthesis that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoule. I know that some of these must have been Fellini's intention, but many viewers will be left completely bored with this sterile performance - especially since Sutherland's lines are a little prostatic in Italian, so he does not even sound like he does! Unfortunately, when the film is not wrapped up in these boring sexual escapades, there really is nothing else to follow. An interesting note about the first sexual conquest in this boring film is that the actress looks amazing as a younger version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Considering that, in addition to the fact that in previous decades, Fellini played Car characters, such as a prostitute and a horribly abused woman, it seems she would have forgotten her wife and would have done so thing on screen. I read a little about them and their stormy relationship, and it seems she can handle it too. It's the only aspect of this turgid film that I found not at all interesting. Do not say I did not warn you!
