An affirmation of aggravated sexual aggression along with other unpleasant pecadilloes, including the inappropriate use of a broom, is made against half of the most popular high school jockeys in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by a "poorly retarded" student (Heather Matarazzo) . Investigation and construction of the case are handed to the DA office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz were convicted. The rumors about this case have spread through Glen Ridge, a middle-class suburb where jocks are worshiped by everyone in the community. (One of their fathers is a police lieutenant.) Nobody thinks Matarazzo. "Our boys would never take such a whore to the basement, would not have raped and would not be subjected to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to form a sufficiently convincing case that they can bring the robbers to trial. Matarazzo is not an ideal plaintiff. She is desperate for love and friendship, which makes it easier for fake friends to mislead her into making false statements. A thin reporter says, "You can trust me," but it seems the reporter can not trust it at all. Another student, a very popular girl in school, pulls Linda Tripp on Matarazzo, pretending to be her girlfriend, but always asks the leader questions about the incident - and records the results! As a consequence, viewing this story takes place as if you were on a roller coaster. At first, it seems to be a good case for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, oops, the community organizes against the law. Then look good again. But the reporter intervenes. Then this hurdle is not overcome faster than Linda Tripp hits his big nose in the investigation and makes public the tapes that seem to indicate that Matarazzo was lying. (In fact, she lied - but lied to the interrogation to be delighted by her.) Then she was overcome, but Matarazzo resists getting up because she does not want to be characterized as "retarded". Eric Stoltz is good at the prosecutor's side. I'm saying this for the simple reason that I lived in Pago Pago at the same time. (I hope it was not the kid with whom I had that altercation at the seaside club bar If he was, I take my compliment back.) Ally Sheedy is a strange and hard-to-act actress. He did a wonderful job about self-restraint in "Fine Art," but I did not feel any particular effort put into this role, which was pretty formal anyway. I mean, she, neither Stoltz, nor anybody else could give her a bravado interpretation of what is essentially the story of a comic book. The producers and the director had the common sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of the victim. The worst thing she could have done was throw a wonderful, non-intensive etheric blonde. Instead, Matarazzo, without being ugly, seems quite clear, and this usual quality is complemented by care and makeup. Nor did the writers return his courage and gentleness. She has a temperament and sometimes it is irritating to listen, which is all for good. <br /> <br /> Matarazzo's character is best shot in the movie. Jockets are stereotypes. Pure wickedness. They think above the law, ride a pretty girl party in East Orange, destroy the place during a party much worse than the climax "La Dolce Vita" and leave without explanation or apology. They deserve to bring it to his neck - and they do it. I have referred to this as a comic book story, and that's exactly what it is. It does not challenge any of our prejudices. It reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into Good and Evil. And we have no doubts as to who is who. What I'm waiting for - not really, it's just rhetoric - is a movie almost exactly like this and other dozen, but where the victim is LYING to get his name and photo in the paper and win all those chips of sympathy from people a right to think like the others. The film is based on a true story, so many others we've all seen, and even more fictional features. (For example, "The accused"). Some are good, some are strictly routine. Good. Fair enough. Now, when we get a movie about the Tawana Brawley case, when a teenage girl disappears on a whim for a few days, then her friends beat them, tied it up and dirty it with dirt, so she could claim she was kidnapped and raped by the police? Now that it would be a challenge in a way this is simply not.
