Six GIs, to be sent home and evacuated, get drunk and sneak into an Asian cult meeting. Surrounded by hooded figures, two male dancers pretend to be fighting. Behind them, a wicker basket opens and a painted figure rises up and begins to imitate a snake, finally biting a dancer on his neck. Imitation serpent is clothed in body stockings. (This is definitely a female imitation snake.) The cult member who sneaked them in the secret encounter repeatedly warned the six men that the ceremonies should not be interrupted, and certainly no photos should be taken or otherwise they will be hunted down and killed. Of course, GIs take a flash photo, send cult members in an angry hysteria, steal the "snake" basket, and run away with him in the Asian night. One of the guys, the most offensive and snarky, dies of a cobra bite on his throat, though no one can explain how the snake entered his hospital room. Back in New York, everything seems to be old news, people are settling in their civilian life, still keeping in touch with each other. Their activities range from a manager of a bowling alley (David Janssen) to a student graduate (Richard Long). James Dobson, Jack Kelly and Marshall Thompson are also part of the neighborhood. Richard Long has a beautiful, blond friend. Kelly is a cute woman. But everyone is pretty good and everyone seems to be happy. Then there comes a mysterious and dark woman (Faith Domergue), and Marshall Thompson likes to like her and insinuates her group. <br /> <br /> Guess what's going on. The first Janssen is terrified by a shadow on the back seat and dies in a car accident. Then Kelly gets a visit from Domergue. Something scares him so hard he crashes through the window and dies in the autumn on the sidewalk. Long and Dobson start to suspect what the spectator already knows - that Domergue had to do with death. They also think it turns into a cobra, as is the case. Dobson is confronted with his suspicions and she proves his point of view. Meanwhile, Long and Thompson are completely upset, especially Thompson, who is in love with Domergue, and has discovered he is attracted to him even though he has to explain what "love" is. Does not matter. An imprudent final cavalier attack against Long's girlfriend - not one of the six original offenders - and Thompson must throw the snake out the window. On the sidewalk beneath, the body turns into Domergue's. End. I think I will go over most of the questions the plot raises. I will mention only one of the most prosaic in passing. Who paid for Domergue's fare from somewhere in Asia to New York? Who pays his utility bills at the hotel? Who paid for her spectacular wardrobe? How to speak American English so well? What the heck is happening? Writers and directors have clearly seen some of Val Lewton's modest horror films, and though they have not done much effort in this production, they have steadily stolen tricks from Lewton. In Lewton's "Cat People," for example, the woman is transformed into a black leopard, but with one exception, the threat is always kept in the shade, and is all the more frightening for her. Most transformations also use shadows, but, unlike Lewton, shadows are clumsy and unambiguous. Lewton also occasionally used what he called "buses". Lewton's first "bus" was literal. A potential victim hurries himself through the dark tunnels of the Central Park, just a footstep. Something or someone is following her. She froze in fear under a street lamp. Something rustles the branches of the shrubs above it. Look up. There is a loud and whistling cry that makes you stand up. It's a bus that uses its brakes to stop for it. Manufacturers have used at least two "buses" in this movie and are not worth anything. A guy is fun to walk along an intersection, for example, and it's the sudden shake of a truck that almost hits him. There is no set for shooting. He is tangled with a shoe horn. I do not care much about movies that perpetuate the stereotype of snakes as slim, ugly, venous and phallic. In fact, no snakes are thin, most are harmless, and many are exceptionally beautiful. In addition, they are more feminine than masculine in their sinuous movements and the serpentine approach to objectives. Do you want a reptilian symbol for masculinity? Try a racerunner with six lines. It's a very quick lizard. When he sees something to eat, he hurries and shakes it. Anyway, if you want to see some horrible, low-budget movies, do not bother with this. Find "Cat People" or one of Lewton's other masterpieces, whose copy is obvious.
