As Dane, I am proud of a handful of good Danish films that have been produced in recent years. It is a terrible shame, however, that this increase in quality has caused most Danish film critics to lose their sense of criticism. In fact, it became so bad that I no longer trust any review of Danish films and therefore I stopped watching them in theaters. I know it's wrong to support this unfortunate evolution against any movie, so let me point out that "Villa Paranoia" would be a terrible movie in any circumstance. The fact that she was baffled by critics just added fuel to my fire of disillusion with the Danish movie. In addition, waiting until it appeared on DVD was very little help against the unwavering feeling of losing time and money. <br /> <br /> Erik Clausen is a director with a talent for social realism in the Copenhagen region. I especially enjoyed "De Frigjorte" (1993). As an actor, he is usually funny, although he generally plays the same role in all his films, namely that of a working class slob, who is in luck, in part because he is a slob, but mostly the cause of society and redeeming to do something good for his community. <br /> <br /> This is the number one problem in "Villa Paranoia"; Clausen throws himself as a chicken farmer, a break from the norm that he never manages to make it credible. <br /> <br /> It's much worse, though, that the movie has to twist and turn around and break all the rules of telling a story to make the audience understand what's going on. For example, the movie opens with a very sad attempt to visualize the near-death experience of the main character, with the use of reduced budgets and inappropriate camera work. After that, the character tells his best friend that he suddenly felt the need to throw himself off the bridge. This is symptomatic of the entire film; there is little or no motivation for the actions of the characters, and Clausen is heading for the slightest form of communication of any motivation: Say instead of pointing. Thus, at one point, you have a character who speaks loud to a supposedly catatonic person about how he feels, because the script would not allow him to act on his feelings; and later, the voice-over is suddenly introduced, quite possibly as a later thought, to convey feelings that otherwise would remain unknown to the audience, due to the director's inexperience. Fortunately, at this point you are almost an hour in the past, worrying about any of the characters, not to mention the so-called story. The actor, which was often a problem in Clausen's films, can be summed up in a sad statement: Søren Westerberg Bentsen, whose only other claim to have been a Big Brother competitor is not worse than a few of the actors announce in distribution. 2-out-of-10 rating.
