Cobra Worship is now available on DVD in a clean printer that is fully right for any merit it has as a movie. Unfortunately, this does not mean much. He has a competent second-class list that works so well that it could be expected under these circumstances. It is effectively directed entirely on sound scenes and standing on stage. He looks good, but he is overweight and a minute of 80 minutes is still heavily padded. For example, double cobra attack on the first of GI was certainly too much attack. <br /> <br /> Businesses about Julia who choose to marry Pete, not Tom, do not rise up. Tom immediately falls in love with Lisa and never has any reason to be jealous of Julia (not her). Julia's female intuition is introduced as if it would lead to an important development plot, but not. Similarly, Pete's investigation of cobra cults and the suspicion that Tom fell short of time serve no purpose other than filling the screen time. These are just symptoms of the underlying problem. The film is structured like a mystery, but it is not. As soon as the curse is pronounced, we know exactly where the story goes, so the characters are left with care to find out what we already know. The end is especially blades. Julia is threatened just accidentally. Lisa has no reason to want to kill her - she happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. When Tom returns in time to save her, it's not clear if she was threatened at all. Then he simply has the cobra in the way that any of the previous victims could have done. It's such a small pipsqueak of a story I woke up wondering how the bosses of the studios were sitting on the ground. Then I realized. Someone said, "These movies from Val Lewton have been very successful at RKO, so why do not we do that?" The Cobra Cult is clearly modeled on the Cat people: mysterious, troubled, the woman who turns into a form falls in love with the hero, seems to be frigid, kills people, awakens the hero woman's boyfriend's suspicions, and dies at the end. But "modeled" does not mean "as good as" - with a wide margin. She copies, but does not understand what copying is. While obviously trying Lewton's style, this approach is not followed in the story. Lisa is not Irene. It must be weird and mysterious, but there is no mystery about it. We receive it after the first Asian attack, so I immediately recognize it when it comes to New York. There is no doubt about its purpose. There is no ambiguity about the fact that it does not actually turn into a snake. Then again, during the nocturnal walk, we only get one, but two attempts of "buses". It does not even fall because the director does not understand what the "bus" means, and in any case it happens with the stalker, not the person being tracked. These cats' weak echoes give cobra worship any small distinction they may have, but they just draw attention to stunts between the original and the imitation. Plagiarism may be the most sincere form of flattery, but I doubt that Lewton or Tourneur have been particularly inclined when this tremble came out.
