I used IMDb for years and I never wanted to get involved in the comments of the movies so far. This documentary has so many problems that I barely know what to say. I'm not a Muslim, I'm not an expert in Islamic studies, but I know enough to shed light on the obviously unilateral point of view of this documentary. <br /> <br /> The problems with this movie begin with the fact that it is a documentary. Most of the documentaries I've seen are anchored around some valid points and then surround those points with questionable interpretations and misinformations. This is certainly the case of Islam: what the West must know. Yes, there are fundamentalists around the world, and some of them are Muslims, but building a documentary about all Islam around a small percentage of radicalized people is incredibly misleading. This is a documentary about the fundamental aspects of Islam and nothing more. For those who would like to more objectively explore some of the issues raised in this documentary, here are some points that could help. <br /> <br /> There was nothing positive about Islam in the documentary. The documentary focuses on the Middle East, but more Muslims live outside of this region. More Muslims live in China, believe it or not, than in Saudi Arabia. About 40% of all Muslims live in Pakistan, Bangladesh, India and Indonesia. The translation of the Quran used in the documentary is questionable. I watched the documentary while seeing another translation and the differences were striking. I was warned about the translation used in the documentary and now I know why. Surrah 98: 6 is a good example. The documentary suggests that Surrah says the unbelievers will go to hell. But the translation I read in return: "Those who reject the Truth among the people of the Book and among the polite ones will be in the fire of fire." The difference is that those who reject the truth are the ones who know about God and the Truth of God and decide to reject it anyway. <br /> <br /> The film mentioned that there is no morality inherent in Islam, but this is not true. Although it is true that many come from the Qur'an and Hadith, Islam also recognizes a concept called "Urf or" normative behavior. "Obviously, what is normative can be interpreted in many ways, but" urf must be behavior " good ", which an average person would consider right or wrong. The documentary presents Shar'ia (the Islamic Law) as a unified body of knowledge that all Muslims follow. It's simply not true. There are many schools of Islamic law and vary from progressive and modernist to fundamentalist in the way they interpret the law. <br /> <br /> The Hadith tradition is similar. There are thousands of Hadis and every law school accepts some and rejects others. Using Hadith without a serious scholarship to determine which are true, real and applicable is the unprecedented choice and choice of quotes in history that match what you mean? which is what the documentary did. What I hope people realize is that fundamentalism is the problem, not Islam or any other religion. Christianity has fundamentalists who do clinical abortion doctors and so on. I know it's not the same thing as the suicide attempt, you only understand that the problem of fundamental justice is problematic. If you feel that you have the answer, then everyone else has to be wrong. But if you feel that you have an answer, you can work with other people's opinions about politics, religion, God or anything else.
