Despite the seriousness of the subject, and perhaps of the filmmakers' good intentions to make a film that tackles white supremacy, the inconsistencies of his main character, Bronson Green, the aspiring actor of New York, easily transforms the false LA, makes it hard to take seriously the story. Green, which is constantly rejected by Los Angeles distributors because it is outdated (that is, too, New York when the 1980s are looking for big, blonde and dead), thinks success is easy when it is willing to give up the falsification of its image. Unfortunately, the new hair dye and pacified attitude "surfer" gives it an opportunity to act with the Jericho Church, which subscribes to the Aryan nation's supreme white teaching. Green is willing to easily forget the past and specifically turn his young black friend for ten years to be the new spokesman for the Church. This does not make sense, seeing the origin of our character principle. It is this sudden change in bulk, accompanied by a sudden reversion to the hardened, DeNiro-obsessive (like the character of Taxi Driver), who is able to fight with the villains. A noble attempt at filming, but finally revealing itself as anything but serious. The other characters are also quite annoying and what we are forced to recognize in them is too easy - the paranoid paranoia of the church leader, the girlfriend of the actress interested in herself (the first Bronson girlfriend in LA) and the new blonde girlfriend , which lacks so much development, is, for the most part, just a walk, null. We just have to see them in passing moments when something happens to force us to make hypotheses about the characters. But there is very little development of any of them. The other problem with this movie is the timeless time of the characters involved in a very minor action. Much of the beginning refers to the introduction of the characters, obviously, and later we will see Bronson's difficulties in entering L.A. and frustrations resulting from constant rejection. But after changing willingly and personally to become accepted, there are at least twenty minutes to thirty minutes of lost film where very little is happening. For films that seek to draw attention to the irrational fears behind racism, this has not been done with sufficient credibility.
