Before I start, let me tell you that my experience in this movie could have been influenced by the double, which I gather from other comments, being the original, which is considered inferior to some. So it's very likely that the captions or the apparently new DVD version make a difference. I also did not read the appropriate book; I'm only familiar with another Japanese manga and may be missing from the cultural context. Potential athletes shortly before. I usually like dark science fiction stories (like Blade Runner, 12 Monkeys, etc.) but I did not like this movie at all. While it started slightly interesting, it became tiring when it was only halfway down. There are all kinds of problems; let's start with what is probably the most severe: dialogue. Characters seem unable to formulate complete sentences; if they do not call the name of the other for the second time, they usually eat monosilable ("Kanedaaa!", "Tetsuoooo!", "Huh?", "Grrr", etc.). This leaves most of the underdeveloped and two-dimensional characters. It is of no use that a lot of them have only a few minutes of screen time, with nothing interesting to say that they would develop far from the stereotypes suggested by the visuals. enhanced by random, pseudo-philosophical technobabbles that sound vague and uninspired even by Star Trek standards. There is nothing deep and significant here - everything seems to happen, randomly cast from different bits and fragments of scientific stock ideas that have no coherence. What little is an intelligible plot is no more than an excuse to start the final final sequence of escalating scenes of chaos and destruction. Not that there is nothing wrong with a little chaos and destruction, of course; but in this case you will find yourself asking "what is the purpose of all and how long it will last." Character development in the last 30 minutes consists of a little more than Tetsuo turning into Pizza Hutt for no obvious reason. The ending resembles that of 2001 - a bizarre series of images that, far from solving or explaining anything, left the viewer the feeling that he was just looking at a kaleidoscope for two hours. I'm sure some will argue that such things are art; but for me it was just a lot of imaginative use of colors and shapes. (Some of the music was also quite interesting). Unfortunately, everything is style and no substance. Tired of Disney? Do you want to watch animated movies that intelligently deal with adult themes? I'm sad to say you're more likely to find this in South Park.
