I can not believe people think this movie is "good". Now, I've seen a lot worse, but there's a lot more romantic / fun comedy with John Cusack. This is the best mediocre movie. While the act was not terrible, but not great, for a romantic comedy, there was little passion, little love. There have been many free heads that do not appear or are not approached. Unfortunately, the main characters break away as if they were completely. They do not know well enough to realize that they do not love the people they are employed with. How do we know they are not in love? With the total lack of remorse, both characters have to leave their finances. I can think of some more romantic things than the continued escape from the commitment of these two. The film does not end even with a wedding scene, more than likely that both will get cold feet and will fall each other like hot potatoes once a commitment comes close. This film actually has two people who can not engage in anything, as opposed to Cusack's earlier characters, who were more than willing to take a deep commitment (Loyd in Say Anything, Martin in Grosse Pointe Blank, etc. .). <br /> <br /> The biggest failure of this film was the total lack of twists or anything else of interest. When the movie ended, I felt they could not include the climax of the story, which basically fits the whole movie: boring. There is no suspense about whether the two will come together, no joy when they do it, without consequences on their actions. It is sad that people are so blind to the wickedness of this film, any criticism of "Everyone is too cynical!". The criticism of this film is not cynicism, just an impartial examination. There are many more romantic comedies, even with Grace Kelly or Eva Marie Saint. If you think that this movie is great, try these movies, your hearts will explode: Bride Princess, Say Something, Grosse Pointe Blank, High Fidelity, Keeping Believing, Charade, Rear Window North to Northwest, Or There's Something About Maria (which is a good examination of idealized romance over today's society).
