Well, AWFUL is just the first name. This movie is a piece of junk. A high school comedy in a military training camp. I'm sorry I had to give this star a star she does not deserve. WILL CONTAIN SPOILS: Almost everything is forced, unconvincing and unrealistic. HEPO (Military Police) will not come to bring you if you do not show up, especially not on your wedding day. The actors were quite embarrassed in this scene because the scene did not work as it was unlikely. You can feel it in their voices. Even if they were not such bad actors, they would not have saved the scene. <br /> <br /> Then the guy has to practice his wedding costume. No, it was not time to get a uniform first. Man, it's great cinema! I will remember this scene for the rest of my life. There are also FETE in the camp - exciting - one of them even a model, although it does not look so good - and the worst actress I've ever seen. I doubt that Hollywood would let her say a single line in a movie B. Well, girls in the army! Now she's having fun. The girls are even placed on the same floor, so we can sneak into their room at night! In reality, they would be placed in a different building a quarter of a mile, separated by two barbed wire fences. <br /> <br /> There are available tanks that we can use for a leisurely leisure walk, of which we have a lot. No, the tanks are not locked and the ignition keys are inserted. No one will notice the engine sounds, especially not at night. There are a lot of sexual scenes and references and they are all under the line of waste. We need those people, so sexually obsessed Germans will also want the movie. Switzerland is too small a market for any feature film. Very good! A sex scene takes place in the kitchen. Surely, none of these facilities are ever blocked. Military routines are as negligent as they can be. At the end of the movie without a brain, mafia men are about revenge on the poor guy trying to shoot him! Because she left her fiancée! Of course I buy this, the Italians are so - a jealous bunch (no). Bad guys try to do this in the light of the open day with two dozen eyewitnesses. Not at night in a dark alley. Again, military training ground (where there are live ammunition shots) are open to the public, whoever can drive or go free. There are no things like guards or fences. But the deed is hindered by the good captain by launching in a timely manner a missile in the Italian car. The explosion beats the beaten and betrothal loaded people on their feet. No one at a distance of 40 meters is injured when the car is thrown to the ground. It's a COMEDY, keep in mind. Good. It's a comedy, I have this and I can live with it. There is no need for realism. The filmmakers can easily handle this if they are hilarious, sharing the funny or entertaining, interesting, challenging part. Unfortunately, none of them. It's just embarrassing. Rip-off from American brainless comedies. The latter are at least professionally made, without amateur actors. It's pretty boring and predictable, a waste of time and energy, especially for those in the whole movie, as unfortunately we did. Yawning.
