What happened in the making of this film so it came to total misery? Just a year after "The Breakfast Club," a brilliant film with many actors as in the "San Elmo Fire" (which in fact looked and acted in the second, more like they were left behind (Joel Schumacher), it must be both, but then Schumacher did not want to be the first person to play, Phantom of the Opera "," Phone Booth, "" A Time to Kill, "and two Batman movies," Batman and Robin "and" Batman Forever, "ranging from good to high. no genius, no comedy that deserves anything, and is far from the mark on what is truly valuable in life. Example: The Wendy character (a rich little girl with a heart to do well and help the lucky ones played by Mare Winningham) reveals him to Billy (a sloppy slut who the wife and his girlfriend, drink too much m and has no sense of order in his life, played properly by Rob Lowe) that he is still virgin. Billy really sees a challenge and possible conquest, but Wendy "is not ready". Wendy, actually is not so ready, it's hard to believe it is in this clique of friends. Later in the story, when Billy, whose wife let him take his baby and married someone else, he drew together part of the rows of his life. Billy leaves for New York, abandoning and abandoning all parental responsibility for his daughter's daughter, convincing Wendy that her virginity will be "the perfect gift" from her. And Wendy, who works as a social worker to help broken families, does not seem to be gradual by this despot. Save me. The only thing he can only give once, gives him a loser who leaves his family and friends? Schumacher embraces this scene as a wonderful and exciting moment. There are many more examples where there is a complete disconnection between what is real and valuable being thrown overboard and the acts are made to look like virtue. </ I think some might say that "it was the 80s," but I remember that it was in the 1980s that men began to be held accountable for the children they made in marriage or marriage. /> <br /> I think this movie is so bad because it's so out of sync with what's really valuable and right. Regarding the technique (not the story), it was horrible as well. It is deployed and feels like a 3-hour movie that was edited at 1 hour and 40 minutes. Transitions and jumps over time simply do not make sense. Raise what's on the floor of the editing room, put it back and the movie could run much better ... but it's still a terrible movie. Maybe Schumacher has become a better and stronger director since 1986 (probably had) or maybe it was overwhelming when he came to write the script for St Elmo's fire or perhaps this group of actors took over the set and went their own way - that's what they really believe.
