Perhaps I will love it very much because I hate this movie - I suspected I did not approve of it with the right nostalgia for the generation in front of me. But it suffices to say - St Elmo's fire was pretty refined, even with Brat Pack movies. Here is another wonderful example of indignant, self-indulgent neurosis that is all over 80 years (RENT, anyone?) The plot is virtually non-existent, and philosophies are the best in kitchy, but the weakest. The total lack of anything that resembles sympathetic characters does not help the situation. There was no growth, no movement before. Even the scenario of climate suicide was actually dug up by denying again to let death or any resemblance to the reality or adult life. Every figurine of a chocolate cutter simply makes you hate the smoother and more predictable possible. Stalker is a creep for no discernable reason, other than he is a Stalker and Andie MacDowell is superb. Jackass does everything in his power to always remember that he's a bastard. The wonderful Slut hides profound and profound pain with a wild life style. The poet is at his disposal and turns around 3/4 of the film until he can reveal (!) That he is full of plush, sun and rainbow bears. Finally, the Virgo becomes a whole human being, happy, after having obtained each Virgo's desire to have a hot dress in the bag together with a Jackass, before she actually kicks her to change (for the moment real). The deceptive bastard of betrayal, until it is time for him to be caught. And finally the feminist goes around diving holy water on any soul that produces "commitment." Which brings me to my final beef - which super-cement bond held together as friends? I can not imagine being just one of them. Now think about the vortex created by all the narcissism centered on a bar. And they were all so terrible to each other - they were in the toilets, close to rape, and were sleeping with mererrrone. The cherry was after two BFFs behaved like baboons totally after they cheated the feminist, it's like, "Umm, I really do not want to be with you anymore, be friends and we can hurry with all day knowing that I can connect with one or the other at a time, but none of you are satisfactory enough to hire you (DO NOT DO!) ". And everyone smiles like you say, "Golly gee, I never thought about that! What a great idea!" It is not. In the way you do not look at this movie.
