Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are brothers who share an apartment and a love of many things - dance dances, 1940s cinemas and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). From a heterosexual historical point of view, Gray is confused with his new feelings. Gray's material turns out to be one of the gentlest movies I've ever seen. It's boring, predictable, dysfunctional, badly acting and badly written. Nothing about it felt real and everything was very cheesy. Also, this is not really a romantic comedy with a special twist, but more of a movie "going out". Sue Kramer tried to make the first half cute with romantic things and the second half seriously with real acceptance and exiting. Unfortunately, she failed. The first half was largely unfortunate and only Heather Graham managed to keep it a little. Then the movie took a weird tone and became serious. Serious scenes have been badly treated and all emotions have been fake. I think I would have liked the movie more if the relationships between the characters felt more authentic. The brother and sister relationship was very weak and did not seem too close. Their relationship did not feel very natural. Also, the relationship between Tom and Bridget was very unnatural. If two people get married after knowing each other less than a week, then you would expect to feel a little more excited, but the characters were talking about marriage in Vegas in the same way they ask a waiter for the specialties. There was a lack of enthusiasm in the movie, and it was hard to get involved in the movie with such unmotivated characters. The act was largely weak, which was somewhat surprising given the decent distribution. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the movie. She was funny and had some charming scenes, but it's too bad for her co-stars to be complete. Bridget Moynahan was very poor and her performance attracted fake on every level. He also seemed to read his lines. Thomas Cavanagh was pretty woody and almost no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather did not exist and affected the film, because their relationship felt false. Usually, I can rely on Molly Shannon to be funny in a supporting role, but here it was just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and was annoying in both. Eventually, Alan Cumming was just embarrassing, and his performance was not very good. Generally, Gray Matters is a lame film and is not worth watching. Rating 3/10
