I had to go out on this movie fifteen minutes from the end ... passing through the percussion stage and pure boredom. What truly terrifies me really bothers me is the fact that there are people who refer to this objectively hopelessly "delightful" or "must see." I would feel proud of those so affected if it was not the impression that most positive comments about this superficial and humorous transvestity were written by the factories in the industry. The truth is that it's a blade movie that does nothing to entertain and light. It is definitely unfunny, poorly scripted and has all the rhythm and cool energy, canned rice pudding. To be pleasant to Mrs Kramer, the best thing to say is that it was a missed occasion, because I read the synoptic before watching it, I was expecting something more challenging. The possible misinterpretations of a brother and sister's co-dependency, the unexpected awakening of the "sister" sexuality and the comical potential of such fraternal rivalry (for the affections of the same girl) were all the obvious subjects for exploring the refreshing comedy every round, the film is frustrating. Instead, the audience is subjected to a meandered series of unassisted and inspired situations, with cliseographic characters and boring performances from a caste that struggles for faith and obviously in need of a much stricter direction. The lack of executive control seems to be astonishing; on the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek offer very pedestrian performance, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - especially the latter - sometimes lead to excessive compensation. It might be to blame the director - maybe Sue Kramer hopes that if her actors act too much, they will force a bigger laugh from the audience. But again, the distribution is a veteran; they would expect them to do better. Sue Kramer has to think carefully about what kind of movies he wants to do and for whom. Considering the possible issues that Gras Matters alludes to and, given its inability or reluctance to fully explore them in the context of a comedy, perhaps it should consider writing dramas. I know it's never easy to film about women's and women's issues, especially when someone hopes to reach a wider audience than single women, but no matter what direction they take, inconsistent and slim characters, like Gray, will not cut mustard.
