This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You should not see this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time you should stop here, are SPOILS. Gray Matters is based on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brother and sister; living together in the eyes of everyone else as a husband and wife. No sex, but just about anything else. Beginning, the film starts from his theme: "The most absurd thing at the most absurd moment with guessing the most absurd reactions." Gray and Sam decided to check the dog's park with a borrowed pooch. Rather, push her brother to make the woman I see for the first time, do it, and do the cherished questions. When she tells her brother to come over, they start to meet three days. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the face of their dreams, like all the right things etc? Sam's end kicks Gray over his head and the couple ends up with a marriage proposal! Charlie accepts! Within a week, Charlie, Gray, and Sam must be in Vegas. Next week, Charlie and Gray stop shopping for bridal gowns (apparently Charlie has a figure on the shelf). Gray grabs a frozen latte when Charlie suggests that Gray tries some dresses and takes a $ 10,000 dress for her. While Charlie slips in this down-pay-on-a-house dress, Gray continues to twist the latte (I swear it was like a feed bag). What should happen, but "woops!" rotate over the dress. It never explains how they got out of Bloomingdale's bridal salon without a $ 10,000 hand dress. Back to reality '?? Caesar's Palace Las Vegas. They have the "big camera of the rollers" (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie is a domestic zoologist? Were they getting all that money?) Gray hits Sam Sam in the singular room on the hall so she and Charlie can have a drink bachelorette -a-thon was, you guessed it - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers the lure. They make the wedding chapel and even when the reverend reaches his line "If there is anyone who has any objection to the union of these two birds of love," Gray receives hiccups. Gray apologizes for herself, for some reason, the Reverend must repeat the last line and repeat the hiccup again. Gray returns to NY and begins to meet any man he meets, literally. And of course one guessed it again! Gay. The other one is a bastard, and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) called Gordy. He is hit by Gray but feelings are not returned. They become good friends. This is good because when he comes with him clean with Sam about kissing. He blows up and throws her out of their apartment. When Sam makes his senses, she goes to her office. Gray is working on an advertising agency. This office is in the middle of the twilight area. It has rooms and microphones in all the conference rooms that broadcast to all the monitors at the agency. Sam gets Gray into one of the conference rooms for such a private conversation and ends up taking her to the office. Here I doubt the crew was a homosexual or lesbian man: Gordy comes to save her and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar. "I'm sorry, not men," says the bouncer. So Gray and Gordy are back with Gordy. Pull bad. He was in a black blouse, like a black satin, a string of pearls and a grandmother's hat. No lesbian would ever have mistaken this "man in the dress" as a queen much less a woman. The bar was also the human fantasy of what is a lesbian bar: full of Victoria's Secret models. Everything turns out to be peach? he goes home with the company's client. Gray happens to be on the woman's account and eventually makes more kiss. For some reason, no one is told Charlie anything, and she's not used to the whole movie of this kiss with Gray, but that's for the sequel.
