When watching a movie as bad as Hot Rod, do you have to stay back, relax and change your intellectual capacity in a similar state? which is, in this case, a state diminished enough to endure the senseless breath that was somehow confused with the comedy. With a short runtime of 88 minutes, this movie has long passed and was buried under a repeat joke package? jokes that came to a minority and were not even funny first of all. The core material of "Hot Rod" is as superficial and irrelevant as the Napoleon Dynamite cult hit of 2004, though it is much more controversial and comes with no laughter. In fact, the blatant despair of the film to be compared to "Napoleon Dynamite" is contemptuous and offensive and left me ticked, instead of being angry. The film, if someone was forced to call, is a false story that faces the self-proclaimed claimant Rod Kimble, with the slightest intention of jumping fifteen buses (one more than his idol Evel Knievel jumped, so we were told Rod) and raised $ 50,000 for the half-life of the half-life; all for him to be able to fight with his stepfather, once recovered, and earn his respect? because in order to gain respect, you have to fight them first. It is not like that? Regardless. Every character is no longer interesting than Rod's mustache, and from the opening joke of the film to his ridiculous conclusion, each scene played as a nonsensical and terribly non-functional skit for SNL? which, with the addition of another 85 minutes, is essentially what "Hot Rod" strives to be. The film star, Andy Samberg, contributed an effort to the screen that exercised observable in every last drop-drop of his comedy capabilities. Unfortunately ?? rather, realistically? his humorous talents are no more admirable than a five-year-old who describes his own exhausted joke, which includes some innocent raw and snowy fish. And if that's disappointing, pull a chair, hide your face in your hands and make sure you hit the real one: it's the humor of the movie! To save them from their deaths, will I give up to the bad luck of the Samberg co-stars' roles and leave the second-third of The Lonely Island, director Akiva Schaffer, to his nonexistent talent as a director? or a comic. Basically, every thing that he can do to continue to crawl a comedy is perfectly portrayed here; and made arrogant, as if the movie were more funny that way. Dare to believe that there is even one laugh in this bunch, or treat you to another movie? Anything else.
