Recap: Doctor Markov has developed a new theory about how to produce energy, knowledge that could unbalance the world. He keeps his codified knowledge and desperately desires desperation in the Soviet Union. The KGB, on the other hand, desperately desires the new technology. So they set up a schematic on the move. During a Markov release of relief, the KGB enters, takes Markov to a secret location, and attracts him to reveal his secret by saying he is in Sweden and working for the UN. As a backup, the KGB kidnaps Markov's daughter. The CIA now sends their best agents, a niche team (Swedish) to counter the KGB and save Markov and his daughter. Comments: A cult movie that, despite being not very good, has to see. The film is quite ambitious, but it does not have many areas. First of all, it is very dark, probably to hide locations and bad effects, that some scenes are hard to understand. You can not see what's going on. The second thing he lacks is martial arts, despite being a ninja movie. Sure they are some, of poor quality, but mostly ninja burns automatic shots or sets of explosions. Automatic weapons also have a problem because they seem to have an endless supply of ammunition. And the ninjas seem almost immune to bullets, while Soviet guards die like flies. What does that have to say then? The idea and the ambition are first and foremost. Some, in fact, and especially for a Swedish film, scenes of decent action, though not martial arts. Some beautiful scenes of slowing down and pretty much blood and gore. And a new exciting weapon technology that makes the heart or brain victims explode. In general, all the parts you are looking for in a movie B. Because it's definitely a B movie, you can not make any mistake. But if you expect it, and watch it as a B movie, it's fun. But do not forget, it's not just a B movie that's set in the eighties. Some girls, for example, apart from clothing ... say "interesting" clothes, they have lethal doses of shadows and makeup. In general, see the status of cult and ambition. Enjoy it and then look. 4/10
