Many said Orca? Killer Whale is a jaw shot. This is not really true, although the enormous commercial success of Jaws undoubtedly made these people. the stories of beings were more appealing to filmmakers in the second half of the 1970s. Orca ?? Killer Whale would be better described as a modern retreat of Moby Dick. It's a story about obsession. On the one hand, an obsessive search for the whale to avenge the death of his partner; on the other hand, the obsessive search of the bounty hunter to kill the whale before it can claim more lives. Unfortunately, the Orca-Killer whales feature a very disappointing film, its exciting fundamental ideas, somewhat destroyed by the hammune performance and the absurd plot. Shark Hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) meets marine life researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling) sinking off the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting almost ends in disaster when Rachel's team is attacked by a big white shark, but a Whale Killer gets to the nickname to stop the shark. After that, Nolan is becoming more and more obsessed with capturing a Whale Killer and selling it to an aquarium. But his plans darken when he accidentally killed a pregnant woman of the species while the distracted man looked. Rachel tells Nolan that a Killer Whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a strong memory and feelings as a human. Worse, Mr. Umylak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember its pain and will do its best to take revenge. Nolan initially tries to forget about the whole regrettable incident, but the whale provokes disaster in the fishing town, and disgruntled natives begin to ask Nolan to go to sea to pursue her and destroy her. Finally, is Nolan forced to watch the Whale Killer? the hunt leads all the way to the devastated ice storms of the Arctic Ocean where man and animal play their last fatal battle against each other. Two things stand out in this movie. One is the haunted score of Ennio Morricone (probably the greatest composer of all-time film music, his talents scattered on the tenth rate in the 1970s and 80s). The other is Ted Moore's stunning widescreen photograph, which makes the film consistently pleasing to the eye. Any other department, Orca? Killer Whale is an inappropriate film that does nothing to increase the reputation of its talent and talented crew. Harris appears extremely ill throughout the film, stiff hair, black rings around his eyes, and pale dirty skin. His performance does not have the usual vitality. Rampling hits a lot of sexy poses, but he fails to convince with his long explanations and insufficiently informed whale ways. The rest of the actors are scattered on short and undeveloped roles, of which the most memorable of them sees Bo Derek pulling his leg off with a fearful whale. Land is a total nonsense from start to finish, with such absurd sequences as the whale that deliberately triggers a fire in the fishing village that swallows and destroys the local refinery! While it is believable to suppose that whales are intelligent creatures with genuine emotions, the idea that a whale might turn revenge against one human adversary and execute it so calculated is absolutely absurd. Orca ?? Killer Whale is indeed one for human accomplice .vs. a cycle of beast at the end of the 70's. Most will come out of the movie and shake their heads in unbelief and wipe their teeth desperately.
