This film can not think if its message is that "people are evil and evil, and the animals are sweet and innocent" or "never go to water again." A fisherman (Nolan) is about to receive a killer whale, a very bad thing, but when accidentally mark you hits a pregnant cow instead of her partner, the cow - and I use the word in every sense - which is obviously a sickly psychotherapist and a canonical bastard of the play - throws himself against the helicopters trying to chew in pieces in the most painful and hideous useless method of killing. (I doubt it's her first.) When her unborn fetus approaches her self-inflicted injuries, her partner goes mentally with vengeance and swears to hurt, kill and mutilate any man who even talks to Nolan. Obviously, amongst the people, the psycho also dates to other psychosocials. The movie returns to the half-thought anti-human message, "poor poor whale, the bad people have to suffer and die!" and yet, he can not deny Nolan at all. It is true that when you expose your selfish and cruel motives, but at the first scandal of the first whale, a heart grows and, as the film progresses, it becomes more and more compassionate to the whales' grief until it seems to go out on the ice and give your bully only to make you feel a little better. The final path of the film, in which Nolan follows the whale on a bizarre journey to the north, reminds me of Melville, a wonderful connection between men and the whale, and for a moment suggested a really interesting conclusion, where these two spouses might connect, understood one another in their own pain, because Nolan lost his unborn wife and child also to an accident. It is clear that Nolan respects the whale and feels her loss. Nevertheless, he never goes there. The whale character has no compassion or respect for anyone. The final scene loses this focus and becomes Jaws-like where the big monster ultimately kills everyone and Nolan and, undoubtedly, through surveillance, fails to drop the Whale Whale (I've made a good shot for her head a little earlier.) I like animals and I've been whaling and I love whale whales, but if the purpose of the movie would be to feel that the whale was the victim and that people are wicked and detestable that have failed completely. Nolan shows compassion and growth and feels for others and the whole whale thinks of killing and monkey. The only message to go with is: "If you see an orca whale ever, wherever you run in the other direction, because if you get on the FIN path wrongly, it will hunt you at the edges of the earth destroying everything around you.
