This movie deserves another bad review. Think of a reviewer stating the virtues of the movie that includes "no sex, violence or gore". Excuse me. The setting up of the film follows us how Cody's young comrade, with love of life and having everything to live, is blown in pieces, leaving Cody to keep his body lifeless and bloody. And, given the nature of the war, we know Cody saw horror almost every day. So much for those who watch this movie with rose glasses, the violence that defines Cody's character is erased from the memory of the spectators. Sans Cody's family, like John Rambo, knocks the country on a bicycle making a long pass to the US hometown as a place called Nevada City. No mention, no realization of the fact that Cody is damaged goods. We know this since his practitioner says it practically as he orders Cody to "rest" from the death and destruction of the war. This explains, as no one seems to observe or care, Cody's obvious effect "flat". It's not a bad action. It is the flat effect of the post-traumatic stress disorder. Do not guess here, remember that the CO ordered it from the battlefield. How about kissing "accidentally" as mentioned in another review. The fall was an accident, kiss was not. How was Cody's observance of the Faith, hitting her, knowing well that it was? Now it was a non-family moment. A moment that is then announced to the universe as if it were posted on YouTube. Of course, the lack of faithfulness of faith, as well as Cody's coming to a woman who intends to marry another woman, is received in the spirit of the Christmas season, all of them questioning their hearts and mischievous lips. he does not know much about Faith's fiancé except that he confesses his love for him, it takes only a second nano to accept his proposal (he could have expected some thoughts), is generous, loves her, the family does not have nothing really against him, he thinks marriage is based on compromises, and the two have never discussed marriage plans. None of those who do harm here. Asner is a good actor, over the hill dialogue, like "we love your son ..." "You are part of our family," literally days after they met a stranger called Cody. And the speech of the "brothers' troops," where the phrase was above all, did not intend to apply to virtual aliens on the battlefield. Bottom Line: This movie is Candy Sweet Candy of Xmas that betrays in major ways. Best when applauding Cody's disrespect for Faith by physically hitting her, knowing her well, it's about her. By redefining the family, as we know it, we mean: accepting a virtual stranger as a family-loving member of the family, because we all "love you". How many of you did this, or you know someone who did that. NOT.
