Orca begins as the captain of the Irish Navy (Richard Harris) and his crew are trying to capture a big white shark so he can sell it for big money, unfortunately an unlucky marine biologist called Ken (Robert Carradine) Shark is killed by a Whale Killer, this raises Nolan's interest in Killer Whales and decides he wants to catch one of them. However, as he tries to do so, he catches a pregnant woman and injures her as she interrupts her unborn baby on the deck, which makes a mess and annoys her partner, Nolan orders that the Whale be thrown back into the sea, what is happening. Killer Whale is disturbed to say at least and kills one of Nolan's crews before they reach Canada's Newfoundland, once Killer Whale heads a series of attacks on the city and people in an effort to get Nolan back in the sea for a fight to death ... Directed by Michael Anderson I thought this blatant blow was terrible, I'm sorry, but I thought it was simply ridiculous and absolutely boring at a modest minute of 90 minutes. Producer Luciano Vincenzoni and Sergio Donati's script is so stupid that I'm lost for words, that seems to take seriously does not help, and if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling go on about how smart Killers Whale's are just once to scream. I'm sorry, but I just do not think a Killer Whale is clever enough to know who a boat is and sink it, I do not think a Killer Whale can cause a huge explosion, including the beating of an oil lantern on a wall on the opposite side it strikes as there is no way on earth could know she was there I do not think a Killer Whale can identify someone's house, know someone is there and then destroy it for purposes , I do not think a Whale Killer can move icebergs around to catch a boat, I do not think Killer Whales can physically recognize people and I do not think it has any instinct of revenge or at least none that is as strong as this bad movie. Maybe I'm a little rough, I mean, it's just a movie, but it's a movie that's trying to be serious, and things just got so ridiculous that I waited half for Whale Killer to write a letter to Nolan to say the plan and his hand (or should be wings?) to deliver it, things seemed smart enough to do almost anything else. You should have asked him to come up with a cure for common cold! Seriously, this is a statement that is no longer removed than anything else in this movie. I found the movie very boring, absolutely boring and had a horrible character, not on the screen. It goes without saying that it is a robbery (1975), which does not even come close to Spielberg's classic. Director Anderson is not Spielberg, who is sure that this gross film has absolutely no suspense, scare, tension or atmosphere. All attack scenes are as boring as cooking water and are completely forgotten, there is no construction for them and virtually no payment, Orca does not get to eat a single person. Then there are the scenes that literally laughed at me, the Killer Whale photographs that came to cry, are pure comedy and the opening scenes of the two Killers Whales that I suspect has tried to show them as a loving couple "and" caretaker, "but I could not help, but I think this is the closest we'll ever get to Killer Whale, hilarious. Killer Whales images are stylish and dull, instead of images that fit and enrich the scenes around them, they just look like unusual documentaries that are unrelated to anything else. Do you have the impression I do not like this movie? Good. Forget any gore or decent death, there is a short scene in which Bo Derek has his feet bent, but he blinks and he will miss it. It probably had a pretty big budget and it's still shit, there's nothing special about Orca, it's well done supposed, but flat, gentle and completely forgetful. The cinema is pretty pretty. The actor is bad, Rampling is terrible, and late Harris' Irish accent is embarrassing. Orca is a tortured jaws blow that completely ignores or disturbs everything that made Spielberg's movie so good, that's one for bad movie lovers everywhere. It's certainly not recommended, though not as bad as False: Revenge (1987).
