I recently watched this Hallmark Channel movie. In my opinion, the film started quite decent, but eventually it became sour. Story: An American soldier in Afghanistan gets one of Christmas cards that a woman back to the US has sent out for Christmas. He becomes so inspired by the Christmas card that he feels he has given him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to continue. When granted leave, he goes to the city where the woman lives. He meets a young woman and finally finds out that she is the one who sent the Christmas card. He meets his family and after saving his father (a Vietnam War veteran) from hitting a car as he crosses the street, the family decides to take him for a while. We find out he does not have a family back home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas season, working with them at their operating company. The family comes to love him and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with the family daughter - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. He already has a serious relationship with a man he loves. It's also a long-distance relationship. The friend is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and travels to France during hard work and on the great excursion. The woman likes the latter. Along the rest of the movie, there is a "love triangle", while the woman's lover returns to the city, visit her for the season. Everyone in the family seems to want the daughter to be with the soldier, and my mother actually wants the best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman is coming more and more like the soldier because they have much in common. It's going to spend a lot of time together. She gradually becomes attracted to his person. Then one day he kissed and kissed him back. Now it's so confusing! She is in love with her lover and wants to marry him one day, but has become so loved by the soldier. Pretty soon, the friend (who does not know about kissing but protects the woman very much and thinks the soldier has tried to move into her) decides to propose to the woman and accepts. His plans for their marriage, however, are not plans he wants. She wants to be at home, have children and be close to her family. He wants to travel to the world, go to exotic places, and if children want to take them. This does not sound too exciting for a woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he did and does not want to make things worse. So he decides to leave the city despite the fact that his father urges him to stay and be with his daughter. It all comes to the head when, at the Christmas service with the Church, we find out that the soldier has not yet left. The boy and the woman talk to each other outside, and he, with his heart torn, decides in principle to let her go and break with her. The film ends with the woman and soldier who gather together. Things I like: I love the soldier mostly from the movie. He is basically beautiful and polite, with a strong sense of doing good for others; there are times when the family goes with the Church and participates in charity causes; the family holds their hands and prays during a dinner table at the table; father and mother have a long-lasting and obviously healthy marriage; the soldier tries to do what he needs in a situation after doing something very wrong Things I do not like: There is a typical "triangle of love" story in this movie; the soldier returns sour while slowly and subtly moving the woman and then finally kisses her when she has a friend; most of the family applaud this behavior - the family goes with the Church and takes part in the service, yet it does so; there is a bad language Conclusion: I became disappointed as the movie ran and worsened even worse. I got to the end of the movie quickly, because I had enough. So the movie began to be decent with a few moments of jewelery, but it came to ruin. Therefore, I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
