Forbidden Siren is based on the Siren 2 Playstation 2 game (so many 2). Like most video games turned into movies, I would say that most do not translate into a different environment indeed. And this is also true for this, painful. There is a long prologue that explains and sets the premise for the story and the mysterious island that a writer (Leo Morimoto) and his children, daughter Yuki (Yui Ichikawa) and son Hideo (Jun Nishiyama) come to move. The villagers do not look too friendly and they soon call for advice on the mermaid on the island to stay indoors when the mermaid begins to cry. bump and our brothers continue a mission that beats around the bush to discover exactly what is happening on this unfriendly island with its strange inhabitants. But, indeed, you will not be bothered by what is happening, because folklore and fairy tales are thrown to further change the plot. What really pushes him into the realm of evil comedy is his inconceivable moments of being out of the ordinary, which have just attracted gruesome ghouls to her stupid stupidity until she explains much later. It is something that tries to come and show something smart, but another thing that makes it convincing and with loopholes covered. Despite the fact that in less than 90 minutes - I think it is a horror movie phenomenon to have a runtime reference point - it gives it almost two hours to feel slow to say what She wants. Things are beginning to rise to the last 20 minutes, but it's a classic case too little too late. What saves the film is how it changes adherence and revelation at the end. Again, this is an ordinary device used to try and pick up a seemingly simple horror film in something extra, hoping to astonish the audience. It turned out quite satisfactory, but it leaves a bad taste as you feel somewhat cheated. There are two ways in which a spin will make you feel - whether it raises the film to a memorable level, or gives you that hokey feeling. Unfortunately, the forbidden siren belonged more to the latter. Salvation grace will be its cinema, using light, shadows and mirrors, but I will be so explicit - it's not worth the time yet, so better to avoid it.
