The FBI Story (1959) was Warner Bros., an epic episode of 149 minutes for the famous prosecution agency! From a book by Don Whitehead came a rather laborious screenplay by Richard L. Green and John Twist and was directed by Mervyn LeRoy with a small flare. However, he had a splendid cinema by Joseph Biroc and a useful score by the musical magician of the Max Steiner studio! The film presents the history of the Bureau since its early beginnings from the twelve to the modern age and all seen through the memories of fascinating aging agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart), about its investigative experiences - in retrospect - of a young growing class of agents . But everything is very long and episodic! And as it progresses, it starts to look like a series of mini-televisions instead of a major movie production, while young Hardesty runs the range of American criminality to take on such notorious criminals as Baby Face Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger, etc. such as Ku Klux Klan, the rings of Nazi spies and Red Menace. And here it has to be said that just for the presence of the screen and the appeal of its star, FBI STORY would probably have been in a forgotten disaster. Moreover, this is another problem with the picture - Stewart is allowed to carry the entire film almost on its own! With the exception of Vera Miles - who has the role of being his long-suffering but devoted to his wife - he is surrounded by a caste of juvenile players! Over the years, you're half expecting someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance, or even Raymond Burr to make a welcome entry like a mobster or chief of police or something else. But there is nothing as imaginative as ever! Sin! The film does, however, give a good look at the work of the Bureau! With the help of Stewart's narrative, we learn about thousands of men and women working for the organization, which includes hundreds of agents in the field. And we are also treated in a headquarters that hosts the huge recordings section, and we also see how chemists and fingerprints experts work meticulously through their daily affairs. Another plus for the film is Steiner's Outstanding Score! Hearing titles is a powerful, decisive and determined march, while for the gentle moments of the image there is an attractive love theme. But quite ingenious is the threatening and threatening theme of the march for the Ku Klux Klan sequence. And better is the Latin-American rhythmic music that the composer wrote for South American scenes, especially about the exciting Fandango orchestras for the arrival of federal troops on the horsemen. The FBI story was one of five scores written by the composer in 1959, including Samuel Bronston's "John Paul Jones" naval epic, Roman charm "Cash McCall", "Western Tree" Summer Place, of which derived the theme of Young Love - which was to become an important melody for Steiner, better known as "Summer Theme." The FBI STORY is approaching a movie due to Biroc's rich color film, Steiner's wonderful music and, of course, Jimmie Stewart, who does something to follow! The classic, but unlikely line from FBI STORY ............. Nowhere, Nick Adams (who just blowing a plane with 43 people aboard, including his mother) is driven by handcuffs, returns to the arrested officer and blurts: "If you receive any mail, you can send it to Canyon City for the next month or so - Then you can send it to HELL. "Wow!
