This is a fascinating film - especially for old movie films and historians (I am both). In the first half of the twentieth century, unfortunately, American blacks were not usually allowed in white theaters. As a result, theaters dealing with the black audience wanted to show films that reflect the Black experience and show the black actors. In many cases, movies were essentially akin to Hollywood's standard plans, but with a much smaller, much smaller budget - and usually horrible production. You really can not blame movie makers - they just did not have the money and resources available to the media company. As a result, they had to be much less satisfied - including too much addiction to the stock actors who have been seen again and again without money for re-filming scenes and the need to make FAST movies! This movie has been a great attempt to be a black version of a Gene Autry movie - instead of Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was an open-skinned man from mixed leave and starred in several similar cowboy movies. In each one, sing a bit, fight a little (though very bad) and love a little - all you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is still alive at the age of 96. The general terrain was indiscernible from an Autry image - complete with anachronistic elements, such as Western phones! The problem is that, despite its similarities, the low budget shines. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) waved a few rows, but they just left him, the battle scenes were completely uncorrected and were among the worst ever made on the film, there were strange plot holes, not the there was background music the movie is strangely quiet), and the act was pretty awful. Now, this does NOT mean that the movie does not deserve to be seen - it only refers to technical issues that prevent it from being marked above. A strange reviewer has scored this movie with 10! How can this be with all the problems, it is beyond me. However, I understand a person who likes the film despite his many problems. Generally, the plot is pretty good, the characters are full of joy, the musical numbers are excellent, and you know the people who made the movie have tried so hard and are a very important piece of American history. But a 10! By the way, in a strange casting, Jefferies very tall, weak and close to white skin is associated with Mantan Moreland, short and rude, like a brother! Spencer Williams can also be known to you. He played Andy on the television "Amos Andy".
