Although there are some fragments in this documentary document of 4 parts suggesting the need to reform the law on recreational drugs, they are not very well developed, unlike many fragments from those who believe that drugs that happen to be illegal are the scourge for which the only the imaginative solution is the incarceration of even the guilty ones even by the mere possession of such drugs. Although this program, as a whole, leaves the viewer the impression that the war on drugs is largely a useless exercise and a waste of money, and because it deserves praise, almost nothing in this documentary addresses the very real problems that the total war on those who simply possess illegal drugs provokes and obviously contributes to - war physicians themselves would tell you, if asked, I think the war on drugs is designed to solve. For example, while many minutes are spent on increasing violence associated with the increasing popularity of cocaine crack in the 1980s, this program does not even indicate that crack cocaine suppression laws make drug sellers impossible for contracts and arrangements their business in the courts, forcing them to resort to violence to stay in business. But instead of seeing laws as an important cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to be guilty of mistakes. Inexplicably, the ban on alcohol, the violence that followed, and the subsequent reversal of the ban are totally ignored by this program. This program will help perpetuate the ridiculous stereotypes of drug users and these are the primary force in conducting the very expensive and very problematic drug war. The possibility of incorporating drugs other than alcohol into a happy and successful life is not really achieved. Using any excess drug is likely to cause personal problems, but not all users make their drugs excess, just like not all alcohol consumers are alcoholics. If you want a point of view from someone who thinks that adults have the moral right not to be imprisoned and to destroy their criminal justice system just to use drugs, the government has decided, especially for very arbitrary political reasons and not for reasons based on a healthy social policy and legitimate science to forbid completely, whose users decided not to make their metaphoric war against, forget about it. Nothing of this is here. On the other hand, this is hard in the category of anti-drug propaganda. It is more of a neutral history of drugs in the 20th century of the United States, such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. But there is a significant element of the views of different people about drug laws and most (but not all) are not very careful or well informed and inclined to the warrior's mentality, especially for drugs other than marijuana . The criminal justice system, along with its often painful painful punishments, is obviously not the only answer or the best answer to every social issue, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this nation of yet anonymous illness, the main symptoms of which are the lack of imagination regarding social policy regarding certain drugs, the lack of compassion for other people, a prejudice against people using drugs that are not approved by the government, interest in the growth of the prison industry / police officers and a terrible apathy in terms of human dignity. It is morally wrong to kidnap or load people if you do not have a good reason for it, and the mere possession of an arbitrarily chosen drug group is obviously not such a reason. This is indeed the primary issue when it comes to drugs, yet this program ignores this. In conclusion, the parts of this program, which are historically neutral without feeding the stereotypes of drug users at the heart of the drug-war mentality, are quite good and exciting and entertaining. But when it comes to presenting a rational non-radical view of drug policy and providing examples of viewing not only people with drug problems but also many people who successfully incorporate drugs into a happy life and successful, it is quite disappointing.
