I almost saw this in a cinema (a theater of art, no less!) But she did not manage to do it there in a whole week that she played but yesterday I finally saw her on the cable and ... well ... He was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna did it again: another bomb! When will this woman learn? When will they study the studios? (Or maybe they already have, since this movie was largely empty, with little fanfare and deadly word). She would hope that the direction of her talented husband, who created an interesting and / or terribly fun job in the same quality, Madonna showed in Susan Desperate Searching; Unfortunately, it is not an intention to be, because it is, to her the worst: lonely convinced of her own greatness, the gentleness that penetrates into every frame in which she is, has become more unbearable by her accent accent which only emphasizes that her voice is immature in quality and is not particularly enjoyable. This may sound unnecessarily cruel, but LISTEN to the woman, and LOOK to her films, for example, the last decade: as a Bette Davis last day, there is an unmistakable fragility not only her own but her face and body, which here, despite the warm picture displayed throughout the film (perhaps its only saving grace), there are no favors. For her, the whole business is so bad that she wonders if the greatest actress in the world on her best day could do something with this mess. Nobody involved does not escape unharmed: Bruce Greenwood seems to be painful to be on the screen, though the poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to be behaving as if it is really good, what I was thinking all the time "Refusal is not just a river in Egypt! " Adriano Giannini, the son of Giancarlo Giannini, the star of the original Italian, "Swept Away ..." is, like his father in front of him, extremely attractive and not bad at all (despite winning a Razzie nomination for " evil actor "), but as almost anything else about this production, everything returns to Madonna, on whose shoulder the guilt rests. Why her? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Just who do you think was behind this remake? What actress would not want almost every film of a movie to be centered on it, with only a relative no one sharing the screen? Sure, Ritchie deserves a blame: certainly - or someone - Anyone! - she should have taken her lead aside and insisted on something bordering on ACTUAL FEELING in her line readings (her performance is so odd, it's a surprise that the rest of the cast has not got shards) or at least an appearance of heat ... but it seems to be resilient like anything other than a cinematic black hole. Above all else, this is strictly a vanity project for its star, so it is ultimately responsible for it. A movie like this, a "strange couple," class war, should be bright and fun, with leaders who can oppose each other with a spiritual, even romantic dialogue, for what else can a film whose plot involves two disconnected people blocked, really be? Frankly, I do not think anyone involved knew exactly the tone they were trying to do; it does not even make comedy (I defy you to laugh even once) or romanticism (Madonna's ice-princess routine excludes any chemistry). It's not quite bad for our bad movie lovers to enjoy. A real shame ...
