For years, Madonna has tried to prove not only herself, but her public eye, that she can act. Unfortunately, trying too hard, while you can not pour out your own person, does not mix well. She seems to be better when she is not the star of a movie: if you follow her in supporting performance in DESPERATELY SEEKING SUSAN (1985) or A LOVE OF PROPERTY (1992), she actually breaks off. Since the story revolves around other actors, the expectation weight is taken from the shoulders by default. The problem starts when you are asked to be the star of a movie, regardless of gender. Being the center of a plot that has to be said in a visual way, whether good, mediocre or horrible, it has to emulate in ways similar to real movie performance, as opposed to video performance. This is the crucial difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the movie had failed (because the visual story had no efficacy in linking it, or because the script fell short, or because the actress per se was not at her turn) would be a an extra feature in their performances that would lift the movie from a full bomb. Both Davis and Streep had their share: Bette, having a longer career than Streep, at such a rate as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there was that naturalism in the way they both attacked the roles that made us forget the banality of the film and watch the show. Madonna, on the other hand, was not a particularly talented actress to really give us the ability to convey a person other than herself, much worse rates, and even in someone's hands like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992), a lower class, and slightly shaken, perhaps nervous, as if she were aware of the cameras and the crew and could not give up. So she tries to prove once again that she can act in what is essentially a two-character film. Guy Ritchie, better known for male action films, seems to be a story closer to someone from Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman who could tell the story of two people with incredible ease. And at 89 minutes, the events that happen are happening in such an unconvincing way that when the final half comes and the story changes dramatically, she does not feel honest. From being an absolute witch without redeeming values ​​to be suddenly in love, this must be the most unconvincing turn of 180 degrees after Laura suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in The Eye of LAURA MARS (1978). Equally unconvincing is the fact that Adriano Giannini returns in the middle of the movie - he has no humor and feels really psychotic - and when he shows Madonna's love, it's too quick to believe. Slow-motion shooting and a visual fit of love and beautiful landscapes do not enhance or add that "transformation" of what would have been a survival story between inappropriate characters and a love affair in which both of them discover each other. /> <br /> The attempt to have an unsatisfactory end also works against the movie - it only makes him shoot, beat him down and when Madonna has to be filmed going from hope to devastation in a close proximity, he feels that try too much. Many actresses have done better to convey so much to do so little. Ers is a better performance for acting styles in the late 20s, early 30s, in which posture was offset as an action or an emotion. Would it have been the better movie? Of course. There are a number of ways to film it in a way that would leave the viewer the feeling that these people might at least meet again - as was the case before, for example in OVERBOARD (1987). It could have had an existential subtlety in which two very different people have to rely on them, but not necessarily to change (to ensure a moral tone). Many erotic and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared for a "quieter" movie - like PERSONA (1966). It could even have been a kind of thriller, provided Giannini's character had an average shot that Billy Zane had in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it had been done as a sex punch, she would have had to work better for Madonna as the top, strange control of the uber-control, getting it. But with his shadowy humor, unaware of her character having a softer side, hiding behind a mask of donuts, and without really defining Giannini's character, this becomes another drawback which tries to look like a sex battle.
