* WARNING * Contains many SPOILERS! Let me start by saying that I have a tremendous respect for Gillian Anderson's talent as a varied and versatile actress - that's why I do not understand the reasons why I agree to do it once she saw the scenario (or lack thereof) . The premise of the film was, in my opinion, a great idea, and there were some really challenging themes there, but it came as a crash. It exemplifies why I hate 99% of British cinema. It feels too much, it's boring, for the most part, and it does not happen much after the first twenty minutes. Only when you think there is a chance to pick up a certain speed disappoints Paula Radcliffe running a marathon. With little imaginative direction and a minimalist plot, there is not much to keep the audience out of popcorn. Regarding the scenario, I can only assume that the writer is trying to save some trees with the average scene that reads something along the lines "Alice: F *** OFF!" (Adam looks, Adam goes down the forest) Alice: ADAM! ADAM! "I guess that for the word, the actors probably paid more than Kate Moss did for Virgin Mobile ads." "The few lines that existed did not have a lot of variations, with a frequent use of the word f, which would makes Bridget Jones's friend Shazza proud. There are few set-ups of the main characters before the main sordid event that leaves the audience with little sympathy for the characters beyond an "Oh That's Terrible" automatic reaction. a woman who has the sympathy of the courts either. She has a great job, an expensive London apartment with a roof space to die because it happens on the screen as terrified, bitter and dissatisfied before her life turns into worst After the attack, several layers are peeled back, which explains why it can begin this, she grew up with a tough soldier who believed teaches her how to pull her weapon is the expression of love, so instead of following in his footsteps, she has run into the big city looking for something to make her feel like life is worth living. Instead, she found a stereotypical middle class toffi that looks down on anyone who is not rich enough to drive a Lexus and luxury that comes with an integrated security / entertainment system (for example, becoming Mrs. Robinson to an electrician who wants to be Cockney.) Someone has given me a tissue. The only salvation of this character is that it is played by Gillian Anderson. In the hands of a smaller actress, it would have been inappropriate to one-dimensional, but Mrs. Anderson manages to inject some passing moments of mankind into this human being, otherwise lifeless, especially when she sincerely apologizes for her anger in a long- a vain attempt to stop the attackers from continuing their attack. I can not say that Adam did much better. Danny Dyer played him well as a Jack-out-of-water Jack Lad but good performance could not save him either because of a lack of scenario and the total absence of any background. <br /> <br /> This film relied heavily on the shock value, but the timing was stopped and felt too engineered from start to finish. In terms of shock, the most shocking thing about this film is the unexpected demonstration of how Anderson's subtle pain has become; it was almost as disturbed as the scenes of brutal attack. On a side note, only in a British film a band of sexually violent aggressors will give each other time to contraception before cheering on their colleagues - it speaks about the high lip! If this is a kind of film that the National Lottery donates, then I'm not surprised that fewer people choose to spend the pound each week. <br /> <br /> Saying I hate this movie gives him too much credit, I did not care enough about any of the characters to guarantee that strong emotion. I want to return you one hour of my life, please!
