I hired this movie last night, because neither my girlfriend nor I have ever seen it, even though I heard from a common friend how great it was. Now I'm pretty conservative in me but I knew I was going to be pretty liberal given who guided it. I figured out before the film began, Michael Douglas would play a compassionate, popular beloved, liberal massive liberal, and would be a conservative adversary stubborn as his antagonist. But I thought that where the political declaration would begin and end. OK, the intrigue was solid: The unique president falls for a lobbyist. OK, this has the potential that I thought was quite fun because the plot was unique. But then the film turned into a liberal infomercial. The film has become more about gun control and environmental issues than the relationship between the president and Sydney (Annette Bening). There were several ridiculous premises in this film: 1) the Sydney character six lobbyists who are "closest." Could she have been smarter? She was constantly disorganized and seemed to look at everything. Almost a "closer". I am a seller and could not "shut down" the sale of a glass of water to a man who died of thirst. 2) Second, is it something more ridiculous than Richard Dreyfuss playing a right wing fan? This is the most liberal man in Hollywood and she plays a right-wing ideologue. Save me. I liked how he took his conservative character and made him more sinister. 3) The end of the speech was simply absurd. The line on "I am a member of the ACLU" is a joke. First, no president will ever admit this, being an active member of an ultra-fringe group. Secondly, why does it bring that? You have just alienated more than half of the audience that is moderate or conservative. I thought the intrigue was great and unique. I thought Michael Douglas was a good choice as president. But the film has gone from being "a movie" to a political statement on the left, which is why the movie has failed. It's a shame to see a great story ruined by Hollywood that has to force their political opinions on the audience
