Where to start here? Straightheads presents me a dilemma. If the film had come out of Italy, say, 1975, was directed by Ruggero Deodatto and played David Hess, then I would hit it faster than Labrador was drinking water on a summer day. Because, while Tarantino and Rodriguez are busy elsewhere, with their homage to the cinema, Dan Reed produced a rape / revenge image in England and apparently the same budget he would have made to Rodriguez to turn his leg of Rose McGowan in a machine gun. Because if you want to play bingo grindhouse then let me call the numbers: 1. A rich, high-quality career woman meets in an unlikely and unpredictable fashion, also gets the suitcases for him. Check. <br /> <br /> 2. Free women's career photos flying in different nudity states. Check. <br /> <br /> 3. Convolutioned and highly improbable plotting developments that set characters that exist just to do what they do and can not be imagined to have any existence outside the scene they are. Check. <br /> <br /> 4. The scene of serious useless kidnappings, committed by a band of men, with no personality or background depth, different from that of rape. Check. <br /> <br /> 5. Spy and bloody scenes of murder and revenge to browse everything. Bingo! <br /> <br /> Plotwise, Straightheads are basics: Dyer meets with Anderson and she invites him to a party to a bunch of countries owned by her boss. On their way home, they disturbed three locals in a Landover who avenged giving Dyer a good shoe and a band violating Anderson. The couple started to take revenge. So far, "Straw Dogs", "Late Night Trains," "House on the Edge of the Park," "I Spit On Your Grave," etc. So why did not I think a lot about this movie? A number of reasons: I suppose that, first of all, having Gillian Anderson at first faction had the role of waiting for me better, but the total lack of honesty here is the best class. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Because whenever someone goes to follow Hess and his brother who terrorize women and kills their men in those episodes of the 1970s, then I always know exactly what they receive - budget budgets designed to shock and appeal to the lowest common denominator. The monsters terrorize and kill the good, the good turn the tables to the wicked and kill it back, and everyone goes home thanks, their desires to see a nasty and impoverished violence, knowing that the world order has been restored. However, the writer and director, Dan Reed, clearly believes that Straightheads has much more to say about the state of the human psyche, and that he desperately tries to imbibe his film with a profound philosophy that can simple is not there. For example, when Anderson and Dyer plan to avenge their attackers, they find out that one of the rapists has a 14-year-old daughter who is an object of appetite for the two men around. When Anderson finally meets him face to face, he confesses that only he violated her as a distraction so that the two colleagues take his daughter's attention from him! The ordinary and bold way that Reed leaves this little revelation in the plot is simply the fall of the face, it is almost as if this simple reference to pedophilia is enough to throw the moral compass of the audience into play and make She's leaving the cinema thinking I've just seen something significant. To make sure we take it, at this moment we were shown a run of the rape sequence for the second time, apparently from the point of view of the attacker and worrying about his daughter, but Reed makes sure we get a lot more photos Anderson's hard-handled and raped over the hood of her car. Free does not go into it. After telling him the reasons for the rape, Anderson binds him over a table, kills the sniper rifle's business end (complete with a voluminous dampener, only if someone was not clear on phallic imaging), but he does not have the courage to pull the trigger, telling Dyer (who has no moral doubt) that "it's over". Dyer argues otherwise, and their moral dilemma is presented as something that Wittgenstein and Russell could have discussed in their Cambridge camps with tea and cakes. It is almost undiscovered in its absence. Correctly, Mrs. Anderson is acting courageously throughout the movie. It is obvious he wants to let Scully away and bless it; someone wonders what Mulder would have done from his previous partner who had slept to take a leak on the side of the road and then sodomize a man with a gun? Dyer, on the other hand, does what he has done in almost all of the films he has made so far - that is, playing a gor blimey guv cockney chappie with a roguish smile, a beating line and a face on which most people did not get tired of punching. This is especially true of the final scene when, after having killed the cold blood-guilty aggressors, Dyer looks at the camera, which I'm sure must be, a look of existential anxiety that invites us to sympathizing with the fate of the hand, he realized the moral problems he had to overcome, but in return he remembered much more of Oliver Hardy looking exasperatedly at the camera after Stan had landed in another fine mess. Which, incidentally, sums up this very beautiful film.
