If I did not bother hard, I rented a nightmare on Elm 3 a few years ago and I saw a video, I'm pretty sure he was called Dream Warriors at the end of the year and rented it on DVD hoping the movie would be there because it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how things in the '80s are so funny now, but nothing is funnier than the 80s rap videos. It was this rap band singing that Dream Warriors song on the VHS version of this movie after credits and all of them wearing denimless shirtless underwear and short jean trousers who are just injured at the bottom like Daisy Dukes. What could make a rap group look worse than I can not imagine. (Spoilere) In any case, I was disappointed that I was looking for the video on DVD, so I had only this mediocre in the Freddy Krueger series. The movie begins with the same idea as Part 2, the main character being witness to all sorts of terrible crime and then a way out of a trance and finding itself with bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house that Nancy Thompson lives on, then runs to the bathroom, the handles of the sink turns into Freddy's hands and attacks her and then she wakes up in the bathroom, her own wrists. From there, the film turns into the regular hospital of the mental hospital. <br /> <br /> Larry Fishburne, tired of always playing evil in his roles, was happy to take his role in this film as a handsome, harsh, rough but adaptable guy when the patients want to bend the rules are little. Not surprisingly, it turns into what is through jumps and limits the best performance in the movie. Arquette continues to become an accomplished actor but has not perfected his acting skills when he starred in this film. The characters in the film are largely all the patients in the mental hospital where Kristen is placed after the joints are cut. Everyone is cynical and uncooperative, almost none thinks they really do not belong at all. Eventually, they realize and are able to persuade the staff that they have all the dreams about the same man, and it is not a kind of group hysteria. Heather Langenkamp returned to his famous role as Nancy Thompson, this time grew up in a dream researcher as a result of his childhood experiences involving Freddy Krueger. It is not surprising that she is able to relate quickly to Kristen hysterically and to other patients, since she has experienced exactly what I'm going through. There are some interesting crimes in this installment, and the technology used for special effects has made a huge leap. There's a giant worm-like Freddy who's trying to swallow Kristen whole, there's a scene where a TV turns into Freddy and, with mechanical arms, takes one of the patients out there for some late night fun and punishes her for a sitting too close to television, but there is also an unconvincing scene in which some boys struggle with the skeleton of Freddy Krueger, who had rotted in the trunk of a car in a car shop. And one of the most ingenious scenes was when Freddy attacks one of his patients in his dreams (the famous for sleepwalking), breaking his muscles and tendons from his arms and legs and guiding him like a puppet. Ouch. We have a look in Freddy's past in this tranche. Not only do we meet his mother, but we also find the circumstances that led to the fact that Freddy was buried by more than 100 maniacs. In the fight against Freddy, patients get together and, in their dreams, use their special powers (most reflect their shortcomings in real life) to fight it. A student, connected to a wheelchair, is able to go into his dreams, another has the hilarious powers of what he calls the `Master Wizard, 'the other is' beautiful and bad' (she has a lot of makeup, her hair is raises in a high-legged mohawk, and has knives). Intelligent, but the movie stagger when it has only one of the patients, the one who can not talk, have no power in the dream until the climax of the film when he suddenly realizes that he can talk in his dreams at exactly the right time to save the day). His dream power was a little too obvious to have been left out for a long time, but collectively now see why the movie has been filmed Warriors Dream. <br /> <br /> In total, this is not an all-in-one entry in the series. The actor is pretty bad, but in fact he's pretty good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne shades the rest of the cast very much, presenting great acting skills at the beginning of his career, and the film is not just a refreshing of any of the first two? a problem that affects films on Friday 13th far more than Elm Street films. Characters are never developed enough to later create tension, which is why most deaths are more like creative ways to kill someone out of a horror film than the tragic loss of life of one of the characters we've come to we know and wander for their triumph over evil. But then again, not a lot of horror movies take the time to really develop their characters at the point where you throw your hands up in defeat when you are killed, or are on the edge of your seat because they run for their lives. But is it important to keep in mind that some horror films that actually do this are almost invariably the best?
