EVILYN NIGHT CAME OUT OF THE GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). I just saw this delusional Euro-tosh song in the Alpha Video alpha-video movie (it looks like a very bad video-transfer), but from what I've seen is not nearly interesting enough to buy DVD- No Shame. In view of their excellent performance, it will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous versions. And do not pay attention to the ridiculous coverage shown here is not taken from this movie (a girl holding Jim Carrey's head as such). Spaghetti Western star Anthony Steffen sports a hip hairstyle and assumes the role of Mr. Alan Cunningham, a man haunted by the memory of his dead wife, Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown that holds him in a psychiatric clinic. Once released, Cunningham channeled this trauma by taking red-haired prostitutes in his rural castle, subjecting them to vicious acts of torture. Doctor and his friend, Richard Timberlane (what do you mean, the name of Italian horror "you call?") ​​He advises them to forget the past and remarry, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a meeting at the castle. Eventually, after killing several girls, he meets Gladys, another redhead, and marries almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife produces a series of sinister events. The blood creatures hit Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Increasingly distracted, Cunningham visits the tomb of Evelyn and discovers him as naked. Soon, a number of "outsiders" begin to suspect that something is happening in the castle, and Lord Cunningham treatment may not have been all the more successful. Director Emilio Miraglia tries to combine Gothic horror with Giallo conventions with limited success. As usual, no effort has been made to convince the public that the film is established in England. The cars drive on the right side of the road, everyone looks very mediterranean, and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is obviously Italian. This is a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they take too little. The inappropriate impression made it even easy to survive because it is so dark that you could not see too much anyway. But again, it is the kind of film where anything can happen in the name of exploitation and that describes reality is not really the problem. Much of the sado-masochistic torture scenes in the castle's torture chamber, but most of the time, Anthony Steffen strives to go through this and shows a horrible over-action. I think everything depends on your state of mind and this can be incredibly entertaining madness if you have the right mood. I could not take it, at least not with the footprint I tracked. A nice score, though by Bruno Nicolai, which combines easy listening songs with some psychedelic rock numbers. Obscura Camera --- 4/10
