I wondered why I did not like Peggy Sue getting married more than I did when he first came out in 1986 with all the hype. In a way, I discovered the character of Nic Cage. Close. Then the plot did not seem to make sense. Then, until the end of the credits, the question came to mind: What point was this movie? What does he say? The answer, unfortunately, was not much, if nothing else. I really do not think this movie aims to make a statement; if it was not "your life is your life, you will make the same mistakes no matter what, so keep your eyes on the donut rather than the hole." Not a very profound statement, and I'm sorry, I did not deeply into this movie. Writing simply is not that good. Direction is uneven and sometimes strange. Kathleen Turner was the best and, in my opinion, did a great job in this film and did something of a miracle creating a whole thing in spite of bizarre and inexplicable circumstances with a scenario that had no apparent statement. <br /> <br /> She also finally cleared the mystery to me for the main reason why I did not enjoy this movie anymore. She states in her autobiography that Cage has made a point of fighting with the direction of his uncle Coppola at every step, doing it "on his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor) and making a terrible voice that called "stupid." His voice was annoying, abrasive, and unnatural, and his character was unpleasant and upsetting as a young guy, and I understood what he was trying to do: play a hot young man who is not as hot as he thinks he is, setting up his own karma for future failure. But he goes overboard, the way he does it is abrasive, not effective, and if he listened to his uncle instead of "fighting with man," we would have had a more pleasant film, Cage escapes a little with his usual voice in the movie, and sometimes he sounds like a real person, and those scenes are more visible than the others, but if I had to see the whole movie, I would have liked to I'm paying someone in LA to turn has a bucket of water over his head during some of his more affected scenes. <br /> <br /> The film does not aim for a statement, it does not make a point, it's great to look out, unless Cage makes an impression of Elvis dement (but without voice) and is, trace, confusion and a waste of time. Considering all this, Kathleen Turner was definitely worth an Oscar in this disorder of a movie. I can not recommend anyone to spend two hours watching this if you do not like Turner and have a remote control to pick all your scenes. Believe me, you will not lose anything in part, jumping over the other scenes, and it will make that much sense. Kathleen Turner receives a lot of criticism from critics about her comments on Cage, which proves she is strong enough to be sincere and to take account of others' comments. Go, Turner! I am not a fan of this actress more than any of the first class actors or actresses, but its sincerity is refreshing. Cage's actor may well be annoying and here he does not work. At least, in this movie, we now know why.
