Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English multi-millionaire, with several detached screws (due to his prisoner's infidelity and premature death during childbirth), attracts sexy women with their red head to the castle, giving them money to stay on the weekend. Once he returns to the ancestral pile he takes the nekkid, continues to beat them with a whip and then kills them. But when she meets Gladys Blond (Marina Malfatti) and falls for her amusing charm, she decides to give up her criminal paths and get married. Their tied feast is short-lived, however, due to Alan's mental state, which is becoming more fragile when his dead wife Evelyn starts to appear outside his window and a lot of murderous murders occur inside the castle. /> Therefore, let's recap: a groovy euro-thick of the '70s, with a lot of tasty women in different states of nakedness; scary Gothic spiritism and creeping graveyards; a rich sadistic psychic, with a plea for wonderful boys who have fallen; More dirty crimes (including a little bigger if a victim has her head bashed in with a rock and her entrails eaten by foxes). Normally, a checklist like this would guarantee me a good time? So why did I find "The Night Evelyn got out of her grave" so boring? Well, for the start, the plot is far too complicated: there are red herrings, crazy developments of plot and suspicious crowds, and everything gets a little too much. With the ridiculous ending, in which we discover that over time, a few people plotted to get their paws greedy of Alan's wealth and that our head of red-head killing is actually supposed to be the hero of the movie? ? My head was too bad to care for! Secondly, Emilio Maraglia's direction is quite torpid. Elegant, yes; but as slow as molasses sometimes. And then there are bits that are too bad, maybe even for a giallo: snake poisoned bite death (certainly one of the most bizarre weapons choices ever); Alan's aunt, Agatha, an old awful relative, played by a pretty young woman; hiring a group of identical blondes with a clean head as virgins; the weak attempt to convince the public that the film is established in England (mentioning "kilograms" and hiring a police uniform for one of the extracts is not enough); and then, of course, there is little likelihood of finding a sulfuric acid bag to be placed near a swimming pool ... "Evelyn's night came out of her grave" is not a total waste of time (how could it be, the more of a lot of females to the show?), but there is much better giallo out there. Watch this if you are a fan of the genre and you've already seen the best, but do not expect too much.
