Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a madman (seen early trying to escape a crazy asylum), with this castle slowly ceasing to ruin him, likes to kill different prostitutes that resemble his deceased wife Evelyn, a woman who betrayed him for some other man, with those red locks. This bastard is pretty rich, and bachelor status can be quite appealing. He is, however, overcome by his obsession with his late wife's memory (adultery her adultery ... has seen her naked with her lover). While Evelyn's memory is devouring almost the whole of her life, Alan tries to find true love and thinks she has it with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of her naked movie ... probably the only attribute because she does not is a very good actress) who agrees to marry him after a very short yard, which probably should throw flags immediately (there is a key moment in the dialogue where she knows exactly what the amount is worth). /> The only real person Alan can tell is the doctor in the hospital, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this movie that are spinning around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be a good friend, who often harbors victims, that is, data, while we hope that one day we will earn the Lord's wealth. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, is a witness to Alan's slaughter, and instead of turning him into police, he taps him for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), connected to the wheelchair, lives in the castle estate and is often seen behind the cracked doors. Later, we discover that he has a love relationship with Albert. All that is described above provides the rest of the story that shows what seems to be Evelyn's ghost who haunts Alan, someone kills the cast members around Alan, and Evelyn's body is really gone. The final question is who's committing the crimes after Alan and Gladys are married, where is Evelyn's body and Alan going over the edge? I have to be honest and say that I do not really care much about this movie. It is very uneven and the rhythm is everywhere. He looks great on the new DVD and "rises from the grave sequence" is cool, but what really hurts the movie in my mind is that the entire cast is unlikable. Take good care of Alan because he is a psychotic who is skating on thin ice in terms of maintaining his health. It can be quite volatile. Whoever does the crime really is not a big surprise because after several key characters are killed, there is only one choice they can do. What happens to Alan does not make you a gulop, because you can make the argument that he gets what he deserves. Those behind the entire film scheme for Alan, as we have outlined above, are not so shocking, because if you are less aware of certain circumstances (or of the benefits they would have) would benefit the collapse of Alan's health, then everything comes just as stellar. I thought the editing was agitated and inexpressive, but the action from all the cast is really under par. Some stylistically helps and there is a gothic smell in the cemetery sequences to help others.
