This British cooking pot has something for him: young men are equally good. Older men are right-wing attitudes, whose behavior brings back all the misfortune of the Reagan / Thatcher years. The young or the elderly, however, the morale of this mini-series in three parts is universally suspect, and nobody is doing very well. Nick is a homosexual young man, fresh out of Oxford. It is not crucial to the story, but it has an extraordinarily beautiful head that makes it much easier to follow this. Nick comes to London with a friend whose father, Gerald, is a wealthy conservative politician and cares about Cat's sister while the family is moving in southern France. They neglected to let them know that, when he is mad, Cat is cut with an assortment of knives and other kitchen tools. Nick mistaken their self-esteem for affection and moved, finding too late how much they despise and patronize him. Inexplicably, Nick lives in this house for four years, but since the plot depends on this point, it's best not to ask him. While Nick is the most enjoyable to look at him, he is unbearably tiring. His subordination to wealthy rich people made me climb the walls. Deeply closed, except for Cat (she guesses her big secret sight), she feels an anonymous little sex, so we know he's actually gay. Although it does not seem possible, Nick takes a boyfriend who is even darker than him. Tories supercilious scorns and insults the two blacks of the movie, so imagine the venom that breaks out when Nick's sexual orientation is reported in a tabloid. Gerald, in true fashion Tory, has been involved in several personal and financial scandals, so revelations about Nick add to his embarrassment. This gives Gerald a final opportunity to hardly win the unfortunate boy. Except for a brief moment of indignation, Nick takes the abuse buried in silence and tacit consent. Deny, self-disgusting, naïve or ignorant? You decide if you can manage to stay on this whole thing without throwing something at the set.
