This film is just another distortion, among many distortions, over the so-called "sins of consumerism." Note that Reverend Billy, an actor (Bill Talen), is nothing but a bureaucrat against the "sins of consumerism." We may want to ask questions such as: What does Rev. Billy do for life? How does he make his money? Makes life from the "tax deductible" organization? How is such a church or organization a domestic income justified? Everyone knows that Christmas is marketed, but it offers a day in a whole year where people have the opportunity to be charitable and allow a significant number of people to spend time with their families, friends, or extended families. Everyone is not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But holiday and holiday time give people the chance and opportunity. Yes, America has more than its share of problems - but with perseverance, Americans always have it and do it with great difficulty. And even in times of struggle, America has proven to be the world's largest country. This happens when Americans pull together and unite, rather than split and divide. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but it will take Americans to bring small businesses together with ethics to take care of people living in our individual communities responsibly. Yes, globalization has brought us the weight of problems, but Americans will take to bring production back to America. Americans and the US Government they need to learn how to stay in a budget, no matter how big or small they may be, and we need to stop credit dependency. Our overtraining on credit will make and keep us poor, from swing to grave. It is important to buy - but if we buy less, we will rely less on credit. And if we can save, even a small amount of money, we'll have money for a rainy day. Not to say that, as Americans, we will gain an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and has never been guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans have the majority of America's wealth. There is a good proximity we can reach from the upper middle class level. And who knows what can happen from there? Be positive, work hard - and at least you and I will reach at least a few (if not all) our dreams. Nothing is guaranteed in life, but we always have something to come to. And if you or I have no dreams, we might be dead. In America, there is always room for a lot of hopes and dreams. As individuals, we are part of the package, but we can always become the leader of the package. It has always been my experience that churches and religion offer nothing but extra distortions, but I pay dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But in terms of distortions expressed in this film, I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I have the rank of 1 in 10 - but with all honesty and truth, this film is worth zero. This film has no integrity and I can not recommend it.
