What happened? These were the first words that came to my mind after this terrible movie ended for the first and last time on my computer screen. The nightmare on Elm Street has been considerably descended after it was the classic cult of the first film, but I doubt anyone expected this horrible aberration. No one expected this cosmic joke of a movie, and no one is more disturbed about it than me. This is by far the worst ANOES movie of the batch. It does not seem too bad at first, with a really creepy intro and a rather elusive shower scene with Alice. But then I hit the bottom of the rock at first with a bad action and a series of events. I mean, Freddy movies should be sensational and creepy, but that's like a train wreck in the faint sequence of events and in the terrible plot configuration. It feels like you're down with a terrible headache, not like you're scared. So leadership fails. Nothing of the suspense and horror of the previous sequences is here, and even death scenes are mostly dilapidated and moronic (especially death), except for that expensive scene that is crafted as a book battle comics. That's why this movie has one point. The story ... blades, blades, blades, lame. It was an excuse to take people out and make MPAA crazy, and nothing more. The act ... should I mention how Freddy was turned into a childish boogey-man as a clown figure? As her renaissance scene made her look like a monster in a horror book of 7 years instead of the sensation killer and sense of shock that I met and we disappointed at the first movie? That arm waving and giggling stupidly when he came back ... ugh. And one of them, too. Throughout the movie, they suck. Dumbass. A class school might come up with more funny stuff, and the Freddy spit drops during the 90 minutes of the movie. Hell, a chimpanzee could come a lot more fun than what was said here Freddy. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is even irritating. It seems so useless. Like a pocket around your head, a donkey that will not disappear. Freddy is just an upset now. I've seen him so many times. This is no different, and you often want to take his horrible ones and get out of the TV screen. Alice, instead of a close and quiet girl in the last film, seems annoying and very shallow, and this is clearly due to the horrible, horrible scenario of this film. Lisa Wilcox can be a great actor and sometimes shines through the cracks here, but he can not save this movie. The other actors just suck, especially. Freddy's last 15 or 20 minutes of existence in this movie are awful and embarrassing. I hope Englund was ashamed of that. Who wants to see Freddy running like a moving gorilla, stretched limbs, laughing like a cartoon villain? This movie has destroyed something positive I felt for the Nightmare series. I can never see them again without this picture going through my head; by the cartoon abstruction that Krueger has become. It slowly transforms into a pop culture icon with delayed chips, but this is the lowest of the lowest. This is the bottom of the rocks. No one will ever take Freddy Krueger seriously after seeing this movie. He is just a joke, a clown that is much expected to retire. Pathetic. Of all the movies I could hate, why did Nightmare on Elm St have to be a series I loved once, and I really liked it? The dream child is the death of a legend and the destruction of any hope that we had in the Cosmmar series on the Elm series. Freddy would continue to continue his downward spiral in clown status in the next installment, Freddy's Dead (which was more fun than he actually was), and then he would continue to descend into Freddy VS Jason, and finally, he would be bored in nothing, which is for the best. I know this was mostly a prey to why Freddy sucks now, but this movie is general, horrible, and one of the worst movies ever made. It is not recommended to anyone, and even ANOES graduates will not want to see this again.
