I'm still trying to determine if the previous tranche was worse than this, or vice versa. Being almost fifteen years since I saw this movie, the fact that I remember so little about that does not testify well. Maybe it's just because I only saw it once or twice, but I doubt it. If there was anything worthwhile to remember about this movie, you can be sure I remember. At the time this film was released, the franchise was still in its dying phase, so a lot of media coverage was allotted. There is never a good sign when teenie pop magazines contain basic explanation of the plot. Such an article had to explain that Freddy was too weak to infect the dreams of raised people, so he decides to go after Alice's unborn son. So far, so good, but this is the writer or director's task to explain to the public. It should not be left to a non-related publication. Using the examples from the third part about Freddy's conception, one can expect half the scenes that would raise this joke in the "horror of infants" category, but unfortunately it was not. Goes to show the pure idiot of the US rating system that a piece of B'harni-esque garbage like this could get the same rating as a really frightening piece like the original. So far, the franchise has been unable to attract anyone with an active career. Fortunately, or, unfortunately, depending on how you look at her, Lisa Wilcox was there to provide a competent action coefficient. Or maybe it seems to be competent compared to the rest of the cast. Anyway, since her last role was in something called "All New Adventures of Blade Chastity," I doubt she really did something for her. Even old old Robert Englund has been in better productions than in the last fifteen years. Since the return of the box office has been steadily declining, and not just for this franchise, at the time, they thought the studios realized that their shooting movies did not make them sold anymore. In fact, this particular movie, like its immediate predecessor, was so disgusted that it not only failed to attract a new audience, but managed to alienate the base audience that originally supported the franchise. In spite of this, part five must be given a credit so as not to have the bright, bright feeling that was so insulting four to look at. I gave a nightmare on Elm street five out of ten. Trying to appeal to everyone or the idea of ​​MPAA for everyone, manages to appeal to no one. Like the second and fourth parts, you may be wiping out of continuity entirely and no one will notice the difference.
