That's stupid. I can not believe that no company could even make people work on such a movie. Full Moon has a number of terrible movies, but this has to be the worst. First, the plot does not exist. It's weird. It's like, they got an idea for the story, and they never had a chance to develop it. They seemed to have lost a lot of time filming photos while the two "heroes" went to the desert and Bradbury was talking nonsense for about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy drive, and when Dez and Bradbury drive), if it just went ahead and continued ... it was about like 2 music videos where it should have been a dialogue or action. They just drove for about 5 minutes without music and photos of the surrounding landscape. Then we come to acting, which is simply horrible. First, the girl playing Dazzy is just a beast. She is so frightening, I want to look away when it was on the screen! Casting horrible. Then you have the guy who played Dez, who could not act if his life depended on her. His "cry" is actually funny, and his madness is even more fun. The guy who plays the office clerk at the hotel is as bad as the guy who plays Bradbury. There was no action that deserves recognition in this movie. The effects of makeup ... hmmm, can someone say pathetic? The "effects" were so false that they were ridiculous. The crazy robot, looking for something that he calls, grabs someone, cuts it, and when they return, the guy has a completely fake meat fist. Beautiful. Have any money left in the makeup budget or what ?! I have to say that the druggie chick who is in a girl's apartment ... beautiful makeup there. I think he wanted a junk look, and I think he should have a black guy, but he's more like cheap Halloween zombie makeup. This movie is just horrible from the beginning. The story is bad and very, very non-original, the direction looks as if it has been interpreted by a 10-year-old, the actor is the smallest of the little ones, and so on. STAY OUT from this movie at any price. It has only 70 minutes in the first place, and at least 20 minutes are taken over by music and dialogue or by the character around the hotel. Do not waste your time with this garbage.
