Modified fragmented, but scary, semi-accomplished character-study, an examination of the various college colleagues' personalities: a talented but undisciplined basketball player, and a female smoking smoker. We never learn why these young people are friends. They can share confusion about the world and their places in it, but they do not seem to have anything else in common. Realizing his directorial debut, Jack Nicholson, who co-wrote the script with Jeremy Larner, based on Larner's book, did not introduce our characters clearly and did not model the scenes to help us identify with someone on the screen. There are some very nice performances here (especially from the newcomer William Tepper in the central role), but most of the image is unformed (perhaps deliberately), unclear or uncertain. Bruce Dern plays basketball coach hard to train, Karen Black is the oldest, married lady Tepper has an affair with, and Michael Margotta is Tepper's weird friend (in an off-putting show, everywhere). Nicholson fails to establish sequences with any particular flavor, preferring (assuming) that you let the character interaction dominate the tone of the film; his scenario is not helpful, and as a result, it is unclear with which we should feel. Little and random moments do not work (a battle between supermarkets between Tepper and Black, Dern visits Tepper in his bedroom, all scenes set up on the ground), yet the whole third act of the image is an aggressive misery. Hiching to juggle a very important ticket game with a sexual assault, Nicholson does not show any style at his job (nor does he earn points for chutzpah, because the organization of these events is sweet and ugly). When a director goes out of his way to humiliate his actors, you have to question the reasons for doing it. Perhaps, if "Drive Sa Said" eventually made a kind of strong affirmation in the business, the audiences could forgive the film's director for lack of judgment and taste. Unfortunately, closer perception is as bad as the rest of the film. * 1/2 from ****
