SPOILS: I'm always surprised at how many people gave this game good reviews. It was awful. Scripture and the voice acting alone made him ruin. Gabriel and Grace are the most inappropriate characters in the game. You almost pray for their death. And worst of all, there are fewer vampires in this game than there were werewolves in The Beast Within. The lack of real vampires was incredibly disappointing. If you expect an Anne Rice style vampire story, look. The story of this game has little to do with vampires. You will not even see anything until the end, and even then you will not end up fighting with them. The story has radical and quite blasphemous views on Christianity. I am amazed that he has come down from the drawing. I'm not even a Christian and it seems to me offensive. For the most part, the story focuses on a search for the Holy Grail and a buried treasure. The kidnapping of a royal child who should have been focused is indeed pushed. There is no urgent need for Gabriel to find the child. In fact, it almost never asks anyone about the child after the first blocks of time. The graphics are pretty bad. The characters move in the snail's rhythm, even on the best systems. They are fragile and outdated. And it's hard to get out of the Beast FMV inside this horrible game engine for the Blood of the Holy. The relationship between Gabriel and Grace also has a terrible evil. I really do not know why it was so terrible, but they sleep together. And it's not fun. Gabriel spends most of the game telling Moselle's best friend how he thinks about Grace more than a sister and does not think she is the one for him. And she looks really excited to have slept together. But he is so inappropriate throughout the game that he almost does not even care about that moment. His dialogue was the worst in the game. And she always made stupid sexual innuendos to any feminine girl in the game. By the end of the game, Grace leaves it with what seems to be a dear John letter. I think he was just as bored with him as most players were. I found the story to be annoying and boring. I was expecting to play a story about a royal child who was kidnapped by vampires. And I expected to see and fight the vampires, maybe Gabriel or Grace turned into one. But no. Instead, the story focused on the vision of war on Christianity. What a shame. Here they had the elements for an extraordinary adventure, and in return we got it. For me, the only interesting parts of the game were in fact the end. Finally, we have some action puzzles. But it did not deserve to suffer through the whole game to reach them. I can not even recommend this game. I had come back when he came out a few years ago, and I hated the game engine so much that I've been retiring for years. I have just cleaned it recently to see what I missed. And now, I'm sorry I did. My favorite characters have been destroyed. I hope there will be a fourth game just to redeem the series. And I hope they'll get it next time. It would be a terrible shame to end the series with this tranche.
