"Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Wounded" is the third installment of Gabriel Knight's games, a series of adventure games about the rogue writer / paranormal detective, Gabriel Knight. Gabriel and his comrade Grace were asked by Prince James of Albany to investigate a series of mysterious attacks by so-called "night visitors." When the son of Prince James is abducted, Gabriel follows the nightlife of Rennes le Ch창teau, where he begins to create a mystery about the Holy Grail. Despite marketing, this game does not refer to vampires. Vampires have a symbolic look in the game, but they never play the role of a command center, just like the voodoo hounfor in "The Sins of the Parents" or the Werewolves in the "Beast Inside". Gabriel and Grace make no attempt to discover the true nature of the vampires or to explore lore about vampires. Although vampires kill three people during the game, their victims are randomly chosen and have nothing to do with the main plot. Much of the charm of the first two Gabriel Knight was in the relationships that Gabriel formed with the villains. Through these relationships, the player could not not sympathize with the villain, and so the villain was transformed into more a man and less a monster. However, in "The Blood of the Holy One," Gabriel's only interaction with the villain is through a unique interview that does nothing to dare the player's villain. The role that Gabriel and Grace play in this mystery are quite useless. Gabriel spends his time snooping on the identities of a group of train hunters who stay at his hotel, but what he discovers is just a red herring. Grace spends his time exploring the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau, but all his research is reduced by the existence of a staggering ally who has known the answer to this mystery for centuries. The actions of this perplexity the ally and his polar opposite - the leader of the vampire - are unbearable. The alias lets people understand the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau in the day and they expect Grace (and not the other treasure hunters in the touring group) to find them. However, he could have revealed the entire Grace's mystery on Day 1 instead of endangering the kid kidnapped for another 48 hours. And, in the end, he tells Grace the mystery entirely anyway. Meanwhile, the vampire leader fails to achieve the goals of the intriguing centuries because he chooses to refrain from acting for two days after kidnapping the child. The only reason given for his decision to delay the action is that he wants to enjoy his victory. The game would have been much better if it were simply focused on the Holy Grail. Rapture and vampire should have been omitted, replacing a race against the Vatican to discover the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau. Since Gabriel is portrayed several times as a Catholic, this conflict would have had many character development opportunities. Overall, the game was a disappointing series in spite of an improved interface and the return of Tim Curry as Gabriel Knight's voice.
