Pier Paolo Pasolini or Pee-pee-pee, as I prefer to call him (because of his love of showing male genitalia), is probably the most exaggerated European Marxist director - and they are thick on the ground. How can someone see "art" in this miserable, cheap combination of sex-romp is beyond me. Some of the "stories" here could come directly from a soft-core porn movie and I do not mean so much about nudity, but about simple and banal stories, often unnecessary. Anyone who enjoyed this weird, strange oddity should sink his teeth into a series of German French films "Der Schulmaedchenreport," because that's what I call "Decameron." the film is negligible at almost all levels, from start to finish: <br /> <br /> 1. Edit. An example: 1 hour: 15 minutes: 45 seconds there is a tracking scene that is quite clear in the wrong place. It should have been placed a minute later but I think Pasolini must have hired publishers who do not have time for the "fine details" of the filming. Pee-pee-pee's fans might have this to be said to have been deliberately placed there - which I doubt very much. In addition, even if it is true, it would be even worse, because the story does not win anything, making it harder to follow. (This is not exactly "Eraserhead" or one of Tarantino's films in broken form ...) 2. Act. Vey neglijent. Triple Pee fans (all 8 of them) proudly declare that 3P-O uses "real people instead of actors." (Are not actors or are Martians?) Many actors have sub-par IQs, but does it mean we should treat them with contempt ...?) Other directors have used amateurs and have succeeded (such as Alan Parker or De Niro), so why are amateurs from PPP so terrible in his films? The answer is once again awful. Pasolini is untidy in everything that means trying to get as much of his teeth as he can. He is a lazy director, an imperfect if you want. Anti-Kubrick, I suppose ... The pee-pee-pee main objective when cast was to have been to find as many elderly people without teeth (and young ones who like it). In the world of Pasolini there is a simple formula: teeth missing + strange face = realism. Everything is fine and good to give them no noise, but at least try to find some at least semi-decent performances of these inexperienced neo-tepots, otherwise you are an amateur himself - an amateur director in the case of Pasolini. Whether or not 3P-0 was able to do this or simply did not care nothing. (Who knows ... maybe not even noticed terrible action?) 3. Audio. Synchronizing. If 3P-0 felt that microphones were too much of a problem when filming a movie, then at least he would have had to make a concerted effort in post-production, that is to make all these foolish actors tell their lines they made them in the studio so that we, the spectators, do not have to look at our mouth while the evasive dialogue floats elsewhere in the movie. <br /> <br /> 4. Lack of the concept. We have almost a dozen stories that are not connected in a meaningful way. Some are anti-churches (later, later), while some are just sexual threads, that is, cheap male (sometimes homosexual) fantasies designed to prevent nothing else. Stories and characters are not fun (if not at all) at an intelligent level, but at the lowest level. Children aged 10 can laugh here ... And there is nothing wrong with this, but then you do not call it exalted, intellectual art! <br /> <br /> 5. As a result of point 4, there is a lack of logic in the order of the stories. That goes without saying. Pee-pee-pee could have arranged the order in any other way and we would have had the exact same movie. This means that you can feel free to start from the middle, then get back to the beginning, etc. "Decameron" is like a bowl of spaghetti this way: when you start eating it, you can start with any thread you want, no difference at all. <br /> <br /> 6. The uselessness of stories resolutions. Most stories end up with an inexpensive joke, that is, a bad, stupid punch from a comic book, while some stories do not even have a conclusion: it just ends. Finito. At best, stories are semi-anecdotes that can be traced, with almost any deeper meaning there - if you do not find "deep" meanings in a porn. Of course, there is nothing easier than looking for and finding "meaning" if there is an absence. Therefore, even any hardcore porn film can be philosophized / thought over endlessly. It's easy and fun. Try, oh ye 8 PPP fans! <br /> <br /> As for church-beating ... Some viewers are excited about his attack on Catholicism and why not. Basically, that's good and good - after all, I'm an atheist alone - but what these people ignore is the simple, but essential fact that Pasolini was a Marxist. It's like black steel. A Marxist criticizing the Church for hypocrisy and stupidity? Where's the nerve? Moreover, Pasolini was not an atheist, therefore his high and strong and righteous position is not justified. After all, the Marxists are faithful: they have replaced only the accepted god with the idea of ​​a Utopia, which is just another supernatural fantasy of desire-thinking. Therefore, they can not be pleased with the ancient anti-religion of PPP. This sophomorphic humpdorama anthology ends with Pasolini saying quite pretentiously: "I wonder ... Why produce a work of art when it's nice just to dream about it?" In fact, he did not refer to this little film as art, was he ...? If it was - the poor man cheated - then I have to wonder why he did not let him dream and not make all those bad movies ... I want to read my subtitles altered by Bergman Movies? Send me an email.
