The tragedy is that this piece of garbage was part of my curriculum while studying cinema. Imagine how I had to pursue it completely. Believe me going through hell is much easier. Our teacher told us that it was a movie, but he never believed that we did not agree or that we assumed it. I do not think there are gods on earth, we are just people, so all filmmakers, that's why they can make mistakes, bad movies or even very bad. The main problem was not that art, by all means, is susceptible to endless points of view, but that a lot of people do not understand it, that every man has his own authentic taste, his own opinion, from where I suppose that the biggest film made can it ever be the worst of you ever and how is it right, but how many people do it right? So my teacher believes in this movie and just does not. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure by its initial intention to show us different types of old popular stories or anything else to grasp the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. To tell you the truth, Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini, the screenwriter and the director, made it too unbearable to look first. The movie is so UGLY. I can not stand that, so analyze it, then discover the potential beauty in it! It's beyond your mind hideousness, and strange not for the sake of the movie or anything else, is for the sake of Pasolini's unstable vision. His work is so primitive that it is underdeveloped. The cinematographic technique of death, the effective sense of humility and the incredible horizons have made everything inappropriate. Look at the atrocious act, the unfortunate cinema, the terribly poor sets ... Oh my God, I already have a nausea. It can interrupt your objectivity violently because viewing this movie is a real pain like taking a tooth of wisdom by a blind doctor. There are dreadful nightmares that might be more merciful than that. So, initially, how do you continue that just to review correctly? Actually no. Because this movie does not treat you at all. There is a really memorable scene here, where some boys walk in the camera's eye (!) I try to connect some things like this with Pasolini's end as he was killed.
