Yes, I "take" Pasolini and his environment, but at the same time, I feel that his "Decameron" is largely overestimated and more than a little disturbing. Overwhelmed because the alleged "realism" he introduces (the monster crowd, the broken architecture, etc.) is motivated by the absurd and completely empty way that the characters behave. In pursuit of realism, Pasolini has used many non-actors, but their charm in the light circle and the delivery of painful and uncomfortable lines give the whole a terribly unstoppable and inconsistent sensation. And honestly - many of the toothless, deformed people are painful to look. And Pasolini's "Decameron" is disturbing (at least for me) because of casual and predominantly homosexual content. Not because they are cautious or homophobic (they are not), but because Pasolini's emphasis on homoerotic images and situations is contrary to the neorealism he otherwise assumes, so he becomes free and forcible. Someone can almost hear him say, "Ooh - I have to keep a cute and naked boy in this scene!" Sometimes it seems that Pasolini is trying to play the homosexual angle to decrypt his nose to critics and, from time to time, because he enjoys this aspect himself, no matter what his audience would prefer. The disjunction of the 9 or 10 different stories from Pasolini's "Decameron" struck me as Pasolini's failure as a storyteller, rather than being an aspect of neorealism. He seems to get bored with every story and packs them pretty unconvincingly and with little conviction. Even the final line of Pasolini's dialogue in the movie, which some people seem to find "(why create a work of art when I dream about it is so sweet?) - for me, makes me wonder why does Pasolini bother to make a movie if she felt this? In my opinion, a much better-made film (and more homosexual content) is Fellini's "Satyricon." It is also full of bizarre and of absurd situations, but it succeeds due to rhythm, direction and storyline, while "Decameron" fails on the same elements.
