I do not know where to start, so I start with a fragment from the back of the cover of this movie. "Alive combines Vincenzo Natali's cube's tension with his own versus Kitamura." I did not see Versus, so I can not comment, but I think Cube was an excellent movie I recommend to everyone. However, in this case, someone has clearly mistaken "tension" with "boredom". I will go further and destroy the whole plot, because, apart from being a holy Swiss cheese of a plot, mold, and film, it is not worth spending any time even if you do not know the plot in advance, so it does not matter. If I misunderstood the plot, do not hit me - probably because I had to fight to keep my eyelids open. So, the US military in Nevada lost once the UFO and the Nambi Desert. This apparently makes sense because both deserts are so sure they are practically the same place. Different continents or not. A monkey entered the UFO and acquired an alien that was transmitted to a Japanese researcher who had to eat the monkey to survive in the desert. Regardless. Alien things are now being transmitted to anyone who has enough blood to kill the current host. The Japanese army wants to use it for military stuff, so they decide to move from the current host (the researcher's daughter) to other guys. But instead of pulling someone out of the army, who is full of people who are blood-thirsty and already from the military, they think it's probably a good idea to choose a murderer instead. Oh, and the reason they chose this offender from death, is that he was the first person in history who did not die because of the non-lethal electrical shock that is the standard method of execution because everyone dies of the placebo effect electrocution. I do not know if they do it for them to squash in the staff room, the way everyone dies, even if it's not dead or if they just want to cut the electricity bills. turns into what the Matrix would have been if it were really limp and unnecessary fighting will tear us for what it feels like an hour. And waiting, I now remember that they already had a guy who was infected with extraterrestrial things, so the whole movie up to this point was actually a total waste of time and also human lives. Then everyone dies. End. The only moment in the movie where I did not want to go and sleep or eat a sandwich instead was when a guy was stuck on a wall through a pipe through his chest, and he revolves up there and another guy walks down. The guy who hangs on the wall says, "I'm in pain, shoot me." And the living guy looks at him and it's not like he's a tough guy or something, so he really looks sad and he does not want the guy on the wall to suffer. So he shot him. <br /> <br /> (Rhetorical pause.) In the stomach. "I enjoy a refrigerator heap."
