I'm a major cinematographic production at Wright State University in Ohio, and yesterday I was given the sadness of the opportunity to watch this scary movie in the classroom. We were informed by our teacher that it would be very funny for us, but the reason we followed it was because it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster. The problem with early movie sounds was that Hollywood actors knew only how to make silent movies and were not good at memorizing lines. Thus, producers and directors would look on stage to get actors. Looks like a great idea, is not it? Well, the kind of action on the stage does not look good on the film. Most of the actors in the Atlantic show and sound like they act in a play, which results in lots of laughing laughs at over-action. Another limitation of the early sound film was microphone technology. You could not move the little ones as you could today, you had to keep them static or raise the noise of moving air. There is usually a microphone used in any scene in this movie. In a certain scene, there is a man sitting at a table. Someone goes to him and sends his line, then leaves. Another actor comes from behind him, sends his line, then leaves. She goes on like this for a few more people. The microphone is obviously suitable for the man at the table, making a laughing actor. These are just technical problems. If you enter the story and the direction, then it gets worse. The story is a fictional account of what happened to the Titanic. Characters are unbelievable and useless. A "story" about a man who deceives his wife and teenage daughter has no place in the movie. It's barely resolved and lets you wonder why it was there first. A terrible attempt at high drama, actors take long breaks, pregnant with lines several times. It's tedious and you can not wait for this 90-minute movie (at least 180 minutes) to get over. I will not talk much about the problem of racism at this time in our country, but I really hurt that there were only two blacks in the whole movie and that they were portrayed as animals. They both pushed the women and the children to try to enter one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or be shot, and of course they were not shot. I was frightened. I gave this movie 2/10. I would have given 1/10 (the lowest possible rating), but I gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see an early sound film, check Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail", which came out in 1929. You will discover that the best directors have been able to adapt to the new technology immediately.
