I like a good and slow drama. Christmas in August, Chungking Express, Virgin Stripped Bare by bachelors, Dinner home spring in a small town, Hana Bi, Eat Drink Woman, Puppet, in Devices love ?? just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is a subset of movies in the genre of drama trying to travel coattails of good movies while not offer anything of interest in themselves. These are what I call IAN movies? "Nonsense artistic incomprehensible". Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subgenus, and Vive L'Amour is "his masterpiece." In fact, it's cream from garbage infested garbage under the mask of "art." People walking in their apartments, drinking water, walking back and forth, waiting for that phone Pay to reveal fasting posters, separate papers together, to go to the bathroom, to eat, to walk, to have sex , to make mumps, I do not joke when I say it's an exact synoptic of the whole film, which is the typical posterchild for unnecessary garbage. Is there no plot, no story, no exciting or noteworthy event, no emotion, no meaningful dialogue, and most important? no drama. The most eventful scene has two people "beating" on a bed with a person who masturbates under the mattress? Ironically it is also totally tasteless and free. The relationship between the characters on the bed is virtually nonexistent. Tsai apparently did not feel communicating something to the viewer about these people, except for the obvious fact that he likes to "beat." The person under the bed is just as one-dimensional and uninteresting. She likes to drink water, make makeup with melons and come back. This is Tsai's "character development" idea. A real "fun" indeed misguided. Indeed, Tsai's contribution to Vive L'Amour is perhaps the most atrocious scene in the history of the art film. First look actress full walk from one end of the park to another 285 consecutive seconds, just to show then hysterical complaint? for absolutely no reason? for another 356 consecutive seconds. The movie ends abruptly. No point. No entertainment. It's just torture focused on the spectator. <br /> <br /> In an effort to beat a dead horse. The basic theme of loneliness is so wrong that the only true feeling of this film is that of boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa offers a much better exhibition of solitude in his horror film Kairo. And guess what? It's really interesting! This film moved as slow as molasses in January, but there are better ways to address the concept of loneliness than waste most known as Vive L'Amour. Kairo is a perfect example for that. Cinema fans can thank him Tsai Ming-liang because he directed the film, because it provided overwhelming evidence that art cinema can be as poorly done as grade B made for television. The artwork of snobs officially lost their fist of self-righteousness. The quality level of your precious genre overlaps with movies like the Dark Army and? gasp! ?? Showgirls. How do you like apples?
