No movie with Madeleine Carroll in the cast could be unimaginable. Having said that, I must add that this British film is approaching. The story takes place on board the `SS Atlantic 'and relies freely on the unfinished voyage of Titanic. The word "unsinkable" is spoken, the liner strikes an iceberg and we hear a heavenly choir singing "my God closer to you." The convicted passengers eventually took over the hymn in a pleasant, healthy work. But the release of the film (1929) means that a modern spectator must accept a primitive sound differently and many of the conventions that act in silent films and on stage. These are no problems. The major film error is in a rhythm and the rhythm was well developed in silence. However, if the dialogue was broadcast at a realistic speed, the duration of the movie will be reduced by half. The intentional effect was drama (and clarity in a new environment), but the unfortunate result is now tedious. The structure of the film is extremely illogical and inept. Paradoxically, I have found some details of the fairly modern editing technique: fine and steep cuts from one area of ​​the ship to another, sometimes even sound effects. Although we are aboard the 'Atlantic' at the first shot, we were over four minutes in the movie before we discovered this. There are long and intrusive musical passages of the ship's orchestra. (Entertainment, easy sound.) Personal stories are presented in a totally non-involutive and unconvincing manner. You do not even think about the show. Berg is a small thing, and the exterior damage of the ship's body is a minor dental. Still, the passenger scenes spinning in lifeboats - clearly organized on a real lining, probably linked to a dock - generate great emotion. In addition to the glorious Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only points of excellence in the film. As the movie and the ship near their end, the screen goes black completely a few times when the power generators start to fail. Their last eternal darkness is the end of the film, with a sunset / sunrise, a symbolically clumsy effect. "Atlantic" is a cinematic curiosity. In the best case scenario. <br /> <br />
