For me an unsatisfactory, unconvincing film. With an A-List cast, especially the three directors and an experienced director like Spike Lee, I was expecting a lot more and finally I felt that what was delivered added a little to this sub-genre. For starters, I did not like the movie's pace, starting from the masterpiece of Clive Owen's raison d'etre piece on the camera, repeatedly useless to the conclusion, then finding the weird narrative with confused, uninterrupted interviews, then finding yourself jumping in scenes that you feel they started earlier. Of course, working with the camera is fluid all the time, constantly on the move and incorporating lots of photos, but director Lee fails to give emotions or suspense, basically falling out of doing nothing of the key protagonists of the movie. Denzel Washington is weighted with the clothes and bad words of a Shaft movie thirty-five years earlier (even he said that "no one understands it, but the woman" happens to be "hot" girlfriend , giving her some "brutal" and inappropriate "mismatch") and his easy "Warm Heat" with Willem Defoe (almost a bit) raises just a reward. Clive Owens plays his character with a decidedly British accent, even if we are to believe that this band is based on Arabic, and prevented from playing 90% of the film with a face mask. Jodie Foster offers another ice family, sub-Clarice Starling, who turns out to be a good financial reward hunter, if you want, with little effect. On the whole, it's a true motion-mix, with a slight turn but obvious at the end, in fact the title gives the spoilers fans from the beginning. The worst scene (many) is undoubtedly the Washington Witness interview, incredibly, with an eight-year-old child, though Owen's dialogue with the same moments of the child sooner approaches the embarrassment of embarrassment. During the movie, references are made by characters to classic movies such as "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon" - but there is no honor in self-praise. Rather like "The Hot Rock" in exchange ... and even it was good for a few laughs.
