Film: There are some very interesting comments about IMDb about this movie. It's really terrible. There is not enough money spent on the film and the way Spike Lee did, it seems to be a combination of an indie movie and action action. Characters / Actors: Denzel has done "EXACT" what he does in every movie, so there is no surprise there. Here's a miniature game for readers. Think fast about 10 Denzel movies. Now count how many of them they played in a policeman / detective / bodyguard, no matter what. Clive Owen, this guy needs a better role on the plate. His best performance was in the film Beyond the Borders. Besides, he did almost the same thing in every movie. Tone and speech were very similar to what he did in Sin City. Of course, this guy knows what to do, what he does not know is a better way of choosing roles. He desperately needs a better agent. Jodie Foster was brilliant in the movie if you look at her for the first time in your life. She did better. She had better roles. It happens at Hollywood that even the biggest stars fall on their knees and take the low-class roles that Jody Foster has done in this film. Plot: The plot was not confusing, in fact, I could think of such a plot, actually the whole movie, while taking a pit after a nice Chinese dinner. I mean, come on, SPOILER ON THE WAY ----> I'm sick of the inappropriate haulocast and the sign of racism. The film is about banking thieves, why Haulocast and racism have been there, trying handsome to play with people's emotions, working nobody? NOT I. Did the cops let the robbers of the bank believe they were hostages? Riiiiiiight, please, we talk about US police and security here. Nobody could find out where Clive was, that they did not find anything different in that room. Who are we joking about? Conclusion: Of course, watch this movie, if it's nothing, you'll have the pleasure to talk to your friends how bad the movie was. At least people will not think you're stupid to watch this movie because they think you went to see it because it has a big cast of "MISTAKE".
