My wife and I found this movie very unsatisfactory. While the plot keeps you interested and busy wondering exactly what happens when you get out of the theater there are too many free heads that make no sense. (SPOILERS AHEAD) Christopher Plummer, the extremely wealthy boss of a NY bank, has a terribly hidden secret. Taking advantage of the Second World War, which deals with the Nazis and concealing prey stolen from the Jews, he keeps the evidence (including diamonds and documents with Nazi Szkaska) in a bank of securities in his bank. Why? If he wants this not to be revealed, why did not he burn and destroy the documents years ago? And the diamonds? Obviously, he does not need them - why do you keep them rather than eliminate them? How did bank robberies find out his secret? How did they know from scratch to this safe box # 232? Needle detective Denzel Washington also discovers bank records showing SD Boxes No's 231 and 233, but not # 232. Curious. He found some meticulous time somehow to make an exhaustive search for bank records to discover this curious fact. Over time, they face a situation of red hostages and bank robbers, threatening to start executing them at the moment. Wow! He's talking about a detective's superior powers. Bank robbers leave millions of dollars in the bulk coins in the safe that they opened. They only take the contents of SD # 232, apparently in order to blackmail the president of the bank. This contradicts any rational test of a logical explanation for what the film describes as a criminal Christian or for those with a lower brain. Jodie Foster, using his political connections with the mayor of New York, wins permission to enter the bank under the control of bank robbers while holding many hostages. She offers the captain of the bank a deal to buy the documents he has in his hand, but he is not interested. So what is his point of view (if any). My wife was offended by the arrogance of all the players, Christopher Plummer (bank president), Denzel Washington (assistant detective) and Jodie Foster, a high-power shooter. The last Jodie Foster movie I've seen, "The Flight Plan," was also full of holes that made no sense. I thought I liked Jodie Foster, but I'm probably going to avoid his future movies. Now, my problem is that I rarely can convince my wife to go to the movies. I can not disagree with it ... "MINE WASTE AND WASTE OF TIME". Be warned. A well-done film, good actors, bad writing.
