This is a bad movie. Perhaps my judgment would not be so tough if the movie did not promise so much, but I felt that this movie was mistaken and played like a fool at every scroll. any beef with the act, but I thought the characters were terrible. The film begins with the character of Clive Owen, who tells us what a criminal is and how he planned the bank's perfect robbery, which he remembers later. Yes, he also tells us he is in a prison cell, though it turns out to be a bad metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best robbery of the bank is one in which a minimum number of things could lead to mistakes and you left long before the police appeared. But Clive Owen's scheme requires hanging around the bank for hours - without any reason, but to move around and look scary as far as I can tell. He also has to control the hostages, negotiate with the cops and, most fantastically, perform a job in this old house and hide there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a bucket) and then to steal again. Yeah, that sounds like a perfect crime for me, Clive! This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason why he did not split was the screenwriter said that. And then there are many unexplained details: Why were the police so persuaded that the offenders had accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is Jodie Foster's character and why is it so important that the mayor has her and calls them and does not have to tell Denzel Washington her agenda because she's "above her salary scale?" How stupid are these cops that they can not realize that a guy who speaks in a foreign language for hours is not the sound of a criminal gang that plans a robbery? How did the thieves flee and why did Clive Owen stay for about a week? How did they know about the past of the bank's president, about the number and content of his box? Why the hell would leave Clive Owen in Jodie Foster or the cops? Since when do the AK-47s look really close? How the fuck do you pack a pizza box anyway? How did Clive Owen get out of a secured area of ​​the bank during undetected working hours? Was this despicable felony really feeling connected with this Denzel cop to slip a diamond? None of these questions has ever been answered. There are deep-motion movies, leaving you to wonder about events outside the screen, but I never felt that way about Inside Man. It felt like the scenes explaining these things were cut from the film, or these questions had never been answered in the first place, and that's weak. Somewhat annoying is the character of Jodie Foster, who will not reveal what she does, but she never seems tired of reminding us how important she is. We just have to get her word for it, I guess. The only reason I gave this movie two stars is that I laughed at Denzel's "taxi cab" and "pina colada" and the child's scandalous video game. Besides, this movie does not have redemption features.
