I saw most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and I came to the conclusion that he has a talent for action. The scenes are kinetic and fast, often combining martial arts, gunfighting and samurai fighting with roomwork that effectively capture the onscreen massacre. With Versus and Aragami, Kitamura has shown that creativity has shown itself to be more than able to work with a low budget. So what happened in "Alive"? To be more blunt, the answer would be - nothing. Nothing happened in "Alive" was a two-hour movie plus a movie with little to no action and little to no character and plot. Adapted from a cartoon book by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is an examination of the life of a Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki), a convict who survived the execution. He then receives the opportunity to repeat execution or to submit himself to a bizarre series of experiments. He chooses the latter and, shortly afterwards, is placed in a room with a rapist and later with an infected girl with a strange parasite that, in exchange for a host of humanity, gives him supernatural powers. Naturally, at some point, the parasite moves into Yashiro, the bad thing is that it does not happen very soon. Similar to "Aragami", "Alive" sets the first half of the year in baseline exposure setting. Characters are introduced, their motivations are established, and relationships between them are discovered. Everything takes place in just one set. The first major issue of this comparison is that while "Aragami" was just a 70-minute film, "Alive" shoots more than two hours, making the first part in an hour. This length could have been justified if the characters became more interesting, but unfortunately not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, delivered without any feeling of emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There have been some small attempts to make Alive a bit more moral ambiguous, but eventually everything has come to the classic: bad people against the government, the super-powered protagonist that you guessed, rescues the girl finally. As I said before, the whole movie is set in a single set, and after two hours boring, even worse, the design itself was not really exciting to start and does not do much to improve other aspects of the movie. Now, after the first part is finished, one might think that Kitamura will at least make some fun action scenes to compensate for the startling boring. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The two fights are just rechashes of similar fights from Hollywood movies, complete with bullet-time effects and psychic powers. They are not intriguing or entertaining, Kitamura's creativity in Versus has disappeared, the small set limits even his very impressive film work and it all comes down to generic and expected battles, indeed, a shame. <br /> <br /> Evidently, "Aragami" was better on all accounts and "Kitamura" learned something from "Alive". So there was at least a total loss watching this movie. If only to understand the errors made, how to fix them and create a fun movie more fun.
