It seems to me that Stephen King's style name "Bachman" was a way for him to get out of things he wanted to write without "contaminating" his brand name. If you look back at the "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner) you notice that they have a feeling of ventilation and hopelessness about them, which is different from the mainstream king. I realize we're talking about the guy whose first film contained a humiliated, blood-soaked teenage girl who sacrificed everyone to her high school ball ... but the mainstream king always has characters and plotting that slips the mistake a little , and especially have endings that offer at least a mind of hope and human sentiment. Bachman's books are just plain and always end up bad. (BTW, "Pet Memorial" could easily have been a Bachman book if the King had not revealed the pseudonym before, and "Half The Dark" appears to be at least partially about his character "Bachman"). Thinner was the last Bachman book, and the man, with the themes of class war, revenge, and death by starvation, is ugly. So, it should not be a surprise that the film follows the example. <br /> <br /> What is a surprise is that adaptation seems to be filmed at the level of "weekly TV talent" instead of something worthy of the theatrical release. (These days, something like this would go probably on DVD or on the cable.) Makeup and striking reason (starving death in the midst of abundance, a metaphor for survival, the undermined American middle class, if ever) is all that takes care of you. <br /> <br /> What happened? <br /> <br /> My first thought is that the director was going to the Bachman vibration, but he also somehow suffocated all the interest in the film with lean casting choices - the actors here (except for Joe Monetegna) I can not bear the movie, and then he breaks the warmth and the life from the rest of the movie with awkward pacing and a scene structure, plus he could not leave the plot alone, and his changes do not really help. to work , but most of all, the movie stays there. Everything is camouflaged, boring, airless, and it's no fun to look ... except for the lively live show of the main character that gets ... thinner, slimmer and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others have pointed out, "Thinner" is not the worst King movie ever made (or even the worst second). And she has a terrible and persuasive fascination, due to the theme and the look of makeup. But viewers for the first time should address this with low expectations.
