No, I did not read Stephen King's novel "Thinner," but I stifled the movie version. Horror films are an acquired taste. Typical movies give the audience a hero that applauds while striving to reach a goal. In horror films, the audience is invited to enjoy the death of the characters. In director Tom Holland, the refreshing, but refreshing refresher, the refreshing "Thinner," no one wins, and everyone deserves the bite on them. New England hater New York lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although he rocks the bathing balances at 300 pounds, he seems happily married to a gentle wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney of "GI Jane"), with a teenage daughter of yeast. Fat does not mean bad here. Halleck shows his sentiment in court when he wins the acquittal verdict for the mafia boss, Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna of the "House of Gaming"). Driving home from a feast of victory, Billy hits an old-fashioned woman who crosses the street and kills her. There's a hide, and Halleck's friends pull him out of soup. Poor dissatisfied father Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantin of "Skidoo") takes a curse on the body attorney and the two city officials who have exonerated them. Suddenly, Halleck finds kilograms no matter how much he would suck. When he begs the revenge gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. Desperately, Halleck turns to Richie. While Halleck struggles with the Gypsies to remove the hex, he finds that his loyal wife has turned his attention to the doctor in the city. <br /> <br /> "Thinner" qualifies as not just a novel horror film, but also directors also rely on the stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who directed "Play's Child" (1988) and screenwriter Michael McDowell, served such a script that you can not enjoy watching Billy do it and sink. "Thinner" has few shocks and fewer surprises. Those who made the film could regroup King's novel, but they behaved any sense of horror and humor they contained. The Netherlands and McDowell introduce characters like the mobster, then, inexplicably, to leave them off the hook. A minor character appears long enough to die and have a chicken head filled in his mouth. Stereotypical character behavior can offend the audience. "Thinner" describes women as overexposed vixens and men like pigs. When Halleck sneaks home from a clinic, he finds the sports car of his physician parked at him. His suspicions crystallize in jealousy and prepares a scheme for the curse to be transferred to his wife. Even the premature end has no satirical flavor. Oscar-winning Special Effects Writer, Van Helsing's Greg Cannom and makeup artist Bob Laden do a fabulous job for actor Robert John Burke to look obese. They also manage to make him sink. Only Stephen King's fans, dead, will be able to stomach this misogynist misogenyspook.
