A novel by Remarque. A cast that looks great on paper. A left-wing refugee struggles to stay in Paris between the wars. An undercover Gestapo officer. It is a shame that there is no synergy here. Pieces and pieces do not coalesce. Stories about the left-wing refugees in France must not be so bored. Read the memoir of Arthur Koestler "Scum on Earth" (if you can find it). Or his conductor "The Death Dialogue" (ditto). For me, the only interest in this movie is in some of the incidental details. calvados, normal apple drink. I appreciate any request to have a single shot of calvados. Surely this movie seems to be faster. But, according to the film, it is sold only in low-class and low-class lounges. Vive le tabac parisien! That's what I say. References to poison fluids abound here; which seems to me to be a concern for the screenwriters. I like the films set in France, because it can be fun to wait for the inevitable announcement of large-scale alcohol to appear on a wall in the background. I was not disappointed. This time it was for Byrrh a very unusual choice. This movie would be 10 times if we had judged it on the refinement of its drink paintings. The indifferent score of the film is by Louis Gruenberg. Gruenberg is the best known - if you can say it - for his "Emperor Jones", based on O'Neill. He premiered at about the same time as the movie version of Paul Robeson. The opera comes today in a second or two by Lawrence Tibbett. It should flow again soon; opera works of potential commercial to revive. The opera seems to be a good subject to mention here, as Charles Boyer's character operates under his "Czech" aliases. Two of them are "Wozzeck" and "Gunther", both prominent roles in the German opera. Is it just a coincidence? <br /> <br /> Drop name seems to be part of this movie. Notice that they called Himmelstoss on the phone. Himmelstoss happens to be one of the main characters in Remarque's previous text, "All quiet on the West Front." Well, the jokes are all in place; you suspect there was not time to develop a drama.
