You will notice that the chemist, appearing in two scenes and talking, is played by Stephen King. "Do not give up your day job" is the standard thing to say, but that's not right. The king is paying quite well: he is not worse than any other member of the distribution, and better than most. The story, on the other hand, is a pure garbage. Please, give up your day job. I have not seen so many terrible shows - of which the worst actor actor (LEAD ACTOR'S!) Gathered together in a movie. Everyone acts strangely but not in a fun way; they all manage to get overhead without spending or showing energy. I blame writer / director Tom Holland. It can not be that ALL actors are so bad. What are the chances against it? Of course, I have never heard of any of them before, but still, I do not think I could enter a talent agency and go with countless artists if I tried: An actor, despite my best efforts, talent. So, what's more likely - that Tom Holland rolled a dozen snake snake or wrote a bad script and then guided him badly? This would also explain why actors are bad in direct proportion to their prominence in the scenario. The more he was an actor, the worse he was. ("Do you want to bend like a hump, talk from behind my neck, show me all my teeth and get bored at the same time?") The theory is confirmed by the fact that the Netherlands has undoubtedly managed to collaborate on a bad scenario . Several writers here commented that Billy Halleck is not a nice character, but it is a deceptive way to put it. He is not a known person. All we learn about it before supernatural things happen is that he is fat and that all he can think of is food. ("All I can think of is the food," he says easily.) And finally ... I suppose I should introduce a spoiler warning here ... <br /> <br /> In the then he gets sick. Why? I can only shake my shoulders. Maybe it's under delight. Yeah, that's probably what it is. By "bad," I may refer to "inexplicable" - it is not as bad as an unwanted social suspension of the usual psychology of means. However, its actions in the end have no meaning, no one's actions make any sense, and this happens despite the fact that the characters only explain their motivation for the benefit of the public. By the way, here is my candidate for the line / delivery: "I do not think you would like ... FACT ..." [dramatic pause] ... "I do not think you would like it at all."
