As a fan of Eric Rohmer's studies of contemporary gender conflict, I was very keen to see "Lady and the Duke (L'Anglaise et le duc)" for what men and women would do during a real war, the French Revolution. <br /> <br /> The film looks beautiful, each scene being designed as a painting in the period, as a vivid picture. And I expected to talk a lot, for Rohmer's style. But Rohmer may have been retained based on the scenario of a real woman's writing, which is why she felt more like a docudrama version of The Scarlet Pimpernel. Just as terrible as the excesses of Robespierre et al, what about the recognition that the French aristocrats were injured? I tricked: "Marath, we are poor and the poor remain poor"; you could also choose a song from "Les Miz." I was not so sympathetic because the central figure must go back and forth between her home in the city and the country's mansion to stay before the Revolution. At one point, her maids claim that the pantry is empty, but it certainly manages to make a fine. I simply did not understand it, an English sympathizer, who alternatively rejects and defends the former boyfriend and patron as he and the Revolution continue to change their political orientation; I think I should have sympathized with her more than their political machinations as a character in "The Scarlet Pimpernel." The only reason she did not return home was her shame after an adventure and a child with Prince Wales or someone. <br /> <br /> Usually, in a revolutionary period, there are some changes in the relationship between men and women, but I have not seen anyone here. I once passed a lecture by Herbert Marcuse, which ended with a long Q & A; the last question, from an audience member much older than the other acolytes, for she had gray hair, was "Why are the revolutionaries so grim?" She was hooded and Marcuse did not want to respond seriously - but it's the only thing I remember from tonight. Rohmer demonstrates that counter-revolutionaries are also grim and didactic. (Original Written 8/11/2002)
