haha! you have to smile and smile if you've done it all through this movie. Like saying something about me, I think. the movie itself has been created I think a kind of psychological test, or a kind of drug, takes you to a place you've never been before. When Wittgenstein wrote his first famous philosophical piece, the tract (sp?), He said it was meaningless and useless, but if you read it, after you've finished, it would take you to a new level like a ladder , throw away your work and see things with true clarity and understanding. this movie is the same thing I think. As a movie is no doubt the worst movie I have seen in a long time in such a unique way. First of all, this is snipes. I liked to watch this guy's ass in various movies. and suffered through a few weak people. though, though you know the movie might suck, you would never have suspected it could be as bad as it would have been. which is fun for her. I mean, this is a snipes. you know it might be good, but it'll be okay, right? smile. <br /> <br /> so that on all levels is pure boredom, pure neoriginality. the reference to the professional is so dead and obvious, but so badly made to be comic. there is no character in this movie that would be interesting, at least. and to make everything more surreal, they have a soundtrack that sounds like songs for various Bourne identity films, but it's not quite right. in fact, although it seems close to background music for the action movie, it happens so it's done in a way that will fantastically bloom. then all the scenes in the total black, honestly, since the characters are so flat, you do not care what will happen, but no matter what happens when someone is killed, do you just say that I should see that? what else? how about blind, unpleasant scenes flashing at a strobe light, for too long to wear. let's get this in. when you strive and your eyes can not handle you, do more of them in dark shadows, where you do not see what happened. and in addition, let them not. you have been bored by the beginning. <br /> <br /> So I went in and out a few times, but I got almost all of this movie. and it becomes something you can pursue without anything that engages your mind at any level, so it becomes something that you can be efficient with and start thinking about your life, where it goes, where it was, what we are people ... <br /> <br /> and that ... this is the true magic of this movie.
