I do not really know where to start with one of the worst movies I've had the discontent of watching them in a very long time. From the atmosphere that was quite obvious and very clear to anyone who visited London even for a day would agree ... it was not London. Inexplicably, the way Snipe's character managed to escape from the country back to the US without a single problem. Then convince the girl and her grandmother to visit him in America, as her grandmother agreed to this ... she is an assassin! Well, that means the end of what happened during the movie, unfortunately, which was not much better. We have British policemen driving an amazing range of cars, I'm sure it was eighty years from Vauxhall Belmont who tracked the taxi after allotment, but a modern Subaru Imprezza, accompanied by the jail wagon in some previous scenarios. SO19 or anyone who showed the Met's weapon arm they were trying to present was happy to run through the streets with their weapons following Snipe along with the CIA. The kids were walking around, but the police still said they had a clear chance to shoot him, does this happen in London? No, I do not live there. We also have the very implausible journey from central London to the airport (say Heathrow for sake) within 5 minutes of receiving a call. We also have terrible American accents, a young woman who is bigger than the queen, but she lives in Elephant & Castle. What does the British police say when helicopters and a number of officers from Snipe's location do not find Snipe and manage to escape by capturing hidden behind stairs? The train station was not obviously on the territory of Great Britain, and the sound effects of the battle scene were terrible. The plot was extremely poor, boring, and it was written and filmed much more than a thousand times before. But there were a few notable actors that were cast in this movie, what they thought, and please do not let yourself be influenced to watch this movie! This movie did not seem to know what it wanted to be, if you focus on the dramatic aspects after a assignment then you need a strong rigid plot with plausible landscapes and setting, this is something the viewer has time to take and appreciate and if you do wrong then you will notice. If you want a total action movie (which is not that) then continuity and scenery can be put on the side.
