Well, I do not think the picture is as bad as most reviews. . . but there is no doubt he has problems. Most problems are in the scenario. There is a plot - but not too much a story, and certainly not one that one might call plausible; he traces any number of characters, lines, moments, what you have and, in the end, he does not have much in this department. Sorry, I could not care less about any "social illness" that Farnsworth would try to address; there will always be a sector of the population who wants to do something to cut their brains, even if they need to run around fields of maize trying to steal ammonia or whatever they do. So, like a movie, you will not find me calling "important" Iowa. But at a stylistic level, the image is more than interesting, and some of Farnsworth's choices in the description of a clogged state in the head of the metal are beautiful, hilarious, disturbing, and - I will say - inspired. /> <br /> Action is uneven, but it can be a victim of stylistically appreciated touch. Look, Rosanna Arquette is a beautiful actress - but she's not very good here, so a discriminating audience member must ask, "What happened?" It is strange that Diane Foster achieves a simplicity and grace that so few of the other actors can come anywhere. For example, I could seriously consider any explanation that Farnsworth could offer to Michael T. Weiss's comrade as a probation officer, but I doubt I will ever buy it; Not working. <br /> <br /> Then again, it is the most vivid when I saw John Savage appearing in years. So, run. This is a kind of thing that tantalizes, but does not promise - and that's good; neither Farnsworth nor anyone else has to make movies. So if Farnsworth has another movie in it or not, it remains to be seen, but if he does, it seems quite likely he will not be a gentle pope. At a time when people plan their lives around the latest installment of "American Idol," maybe we could allow, not despise, Farnsworth's legitimate and inconclusive film. Plus, perhaps, we do not believe, his energetic imagination and sometimes idiosyncratic blessing.
