It's hard to know where this adaptation happens, because I think the problem starts with the books themselves. Alexander McCall Smith has elaborated that you read them not for detective stories, but for his profoundly condescending and completely false vision of an Africa that does not exist. He made for Botswana what Borat did for Kazakhstan - not as successful, but based on how much deed. Once I realized this, it stopped me offending Jill Scott, a American singer / actress cast as Mma Ramotswe. If she has to represent a country that is not Africa, how appropriate is that she is a non-African black woman? He is not the only American person in the film; Mma Makutsi is interpreted by Anika Noni Rose. Both women are far, too small for the roles they play and are too much of a charm. Both brutally kill local accents, and both are so focused on this brutality that they fail to offer much to the action. MOTOM's Ramotswe mother is brilliant, cute and soft. Rose Mma Makutsi of Rose is an annoying bitch. The main cast is redeemed only by the presence of Lucian Msamati, who turns into a decent performance like Mr JLB Matekoni. He moves away smarter and more intensely than in books, but I find it incapable of blaming Msamati for this - he is a brilliant light in an assortment of oceans. Contradictions between his performance and books are clearly set at the feet of any butcher's committee written by the script. For me, McCall Smith's writing has always been very fun, but notoriously bad. He refuses to be edited. As a result, his books contain experiments in grammar that binds with scientific science and characters changing the name in the middle of the sentence. Therefore, it is an achievement that the team of writers of this project has done worse. The dialogue is now largely English. Characters speak of "openness" and "sensitivity to needs." Mma Ramotswe and Mr JLB Matekoni flirted openly. Mma Makutsi grumbles that she does not have a computer, but given her hair, her makeup and her jewelry, constantly restored, I'm surprised she does not have a MacBook in her bag along with her Visa book. are we staying here? It's hard to be angry with this cumbersome adaptation, because, frankly, most of the things that I love my original books are anyway apocryphal. McCall Smith prints a fictional Botswana populated with cute, non-threatening black people who are filled with funny and tasty nuggets of wisdom. Read well despite linguistic translations, but it's a vision of how a certain type of white person wants black people to be. It's simply not true. Given that it is not surprising that this show is just as much as he is. It remains to be seen whether the European and American audiences will even notice.
