This reboot is like a McDonald's processed mass compared to Ang Lee, very good but very understated since 2003 "Incredible Hulk". Ang Lee "The Hulk" is a comic strip for the thinking person. The Hulk takes some time to appear (about 40 minutes), but when you see it, the conflict lies at the core of our protagonist. He does everything in his power to avoid losing control, but, as he admits, when he gives his anger, he likes it. Now compare this to Edward Norton's turn, where there is no conflict of conflict in his personality and turns into Hulk whenever he gets horny and the pulse rate reaches 200 beats per minute (not 183, not 197, but exactly 200). For this reviewer, this feels like the introduction of midi-chlors in The Phantom Menace, which shows how strong the "force" is with one, as if the mystical abilities can be measured by a blood test. In the 2008 movie, Ed Norton's all-time Bruce Banner has to do is keep his pulse rate below 200 years, monitored by a wrist-connected device. And for the record, it is extremely difficult to get the pulse rate up to 200, even through a very interesting running, especially for a suitable physical person. Emotions lead Hulk, Eric Bana. He repressed his memories of his mother's death and his father's role in early life. The surface is calm, but there is a significant anger, an anger enough to feed Hulk when it's unleashed. But Hulk never deliberately kills, even his attackers. He often wants to escape or get close to Betty Ross (Jennifer Connelly). He has the ability to remove his shooting and, in a critical scene, saves a combat plane that follows him from a collision. In the 2003 film, the visual effects are there, but as needed. The scenes of action (and there are a lot of them) are needed for the plot, unlike the 2008 film in which the action is introduced for the sake of action. In an attempt to turn it into a "fugitive" story, Ed Norton loses his focus on how Bruce Banner feels about Hulk. For him, Hulk is a dangerous side effect of an experiment that has become bad. And Louis Leterrier, the director dealing with Ed Norton's words, does not add any emotional dimension to the Banner-Hulk relationship. The story can be summarized as follows: The banner is tracked and Hulk kicks, Banner is pursed and Hulk kicks. Repeat as needed. The only thing that went against the 2003 movie is that it's not as true for comic books as the 2008 version. However, even if I'm a comic fan, I'd prefer a movie that's not as true for comics as the fanboy dream, but has heart over the comic strip comic, but manufactured and soulless in any day. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Ang Lee would have had to read more comics. Iron Man, also released in 2008, is a perfect example of a movie that is true for its comic roots and has heart.
