Someone owes Ang Lee an apology. In fact, a lot of people do. And I will begin. I have never been interested in Ang Lee Hulk's film, because of unanimous negative comments. Even the premium cable channels seemed to show him rarely. We finally decided to watch yesterday on the US network and, wow .... SPOILERS FOR ANG LEE'S HULK and INCREDIBLE HULK It was boring! I almost did not succeed through Hulk, Ang Lee. Eric Bana was devoid of expression, Nick Nolte was horrible, Sam Elliott was inappropriate (and that's not fun, he's usually a cool character). In fact, I honestly believe they chose Eric Bana because his un-described face was the easiest way to imitate computer graphics - and it was clear that Ang Lee Hulk was meant to be like Bruce Banner in the facial . When Hulk fought a mutant poodle, I was ready to fire Hulk as the worst superhero movie of all time. But then something happened. About three-quarters of the way through this boring film, there was a really exciting and daring way to say - quite convincingly - an extended action scene that starts with Hulk's exit from a isolation room on a military base, fighting against the M1 and Comanche tanks in the desert, then riding a F22 Raptor in the stratosphere, just to be captured on the streets of San Francisco. This was one of the best sequences of action ever made for a superhero movie. And I have to say that the CGI was pretty good. That does not mean that Hulk was totally convincing. But it did not take much more suspense of unbelief than is necessary in a lot of non-superheroic action films. And that's a very good thing. Of course, the end became really bad with Bruce Banner's father turning into a kind of stinging character, but the previous action sequence put any of Iron Man's shorts to break. And as a whole, besides animated mutant dogs, it seems that CGI in Hulk has hardly tried to convince you that it was real and that it really interacts with its environment. It was definitely better than I expected. OK, but about Incredible Hulk? Guess what ... It's boring! He has only a few Hulk appearances and that's the thing - the CGI in this movie is horrible. Perhaps Hulk's version of Ang Lee's version sometimes looked fake and cartooned to others - but his convincing moments. The incredible Hulk looked positively ridiculous. It had the tone of skin and muscle tone, which did not even look like a living creature, but just a kind of texture generated by computer. It was really absurd. The light, the environment and the facial effects did not show 5 years later than Ang Lee, they showed 10 years older. And there is no excuse for that. We really live in an era where computer programmers can ruin a movie as well as any director, actor or cinema could ever have. Worse, the writer and director of this film seemed to learn almost nothing from Ang Lee's "failure." All the same mistakes are made. Bruce Banner is practically emotional. The general is so unceasingly, unlikely to be one-dimensional that he seems false than Hulk. The interest of love is not convincing (I have to give Liv Tyler the credit because it's more exciting than Jennifer Connelly, though both are pretty easy on the eye). Tim Blake Nelson takes almost as much as Nick Nolte, even if he's just in the movie for a few minutes. Hulk really does not do much in this movie, certainly no more than in the Ang Lee version. The incredible Hulk was a bit quicker, but in fact nothing happened that did not worth much. Yeah, the bastard is as fake as Hulk. In fact, it's more interesting than a man than a monster. <br /> <br /> This is how I can say definitively that Ang Lee's version is better: if I ever get the chance to see the Ang Lee version again, I might be sitting through it to see the sequences of good or otherwise, to try to appreciate the dialogue a little more (more likely I would move on to the good parts). But there is absolutely no single scene in The Incredible Hulk that is worth seeing once, let alone twice. It's really at the bottom of the pile of superhero movies. Cartoon CGI is an insult to the audience - at least Ang Lee's version seems to have tried to make it realistic (except for the giant poodle, of course). It's absolutely strange, strange how filmmakers intended to erase the bad feelings associated with Ang Lee's Hulk making almost the same movie. It is Edward Norton's duty that he seems to distance himself from this film.
