And, eventually, the old man, old Michael Corleone falls and goes "THUMP!" Who really did the writing for this last installment of Godfather's shield? Probably the same staff doing "How does the world do"? This movement does not deserve the title "The Godfather" at all. Let's call it "Our Cosmas" or "All My Caps". Like someone who has met a number of mobsters in my business life, I can say without exception that I have never encountered a mobster in conflict with the interior and contemplative like Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the mob just because they're greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time thinking about his past and his gloomy future, maybe life after death, and then he remarkably recovers quickly to get out of business a fantastic deal or to order the death of this or that great time operator he is, deep down. Then, his marriage is failing. After the G2 separation scenes, we hope that Michael & Kay will reunite as a man and wife, but here they seem to become very placid, platonic, friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's like the scriptwriters would try to turn Michael into a woman. It's a bizarre behavior for two people who have shared the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years. There are some miscasting here and there, or maybe sins of the author. Sophia Coppola, beautiful, beautiful in old age, is burdened with a hopeless role, with too many short lines in the film that do not match what a woman would say in occasional conversations - she received "remarks" rather than "lines" emote. Her "passionate" love scene with Andy Garcia looks like something from a teenage sexual comedy while they chew their kisses with their eyes open and bury each other back in the kitchen like puppets ... sex scullery was brought wonderful by Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, but it's just ridiculous here. Then there is Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, who also has a difficult and original role to play. He expects to be the new, new Don Corleone, but almost gave him a job on a silver platter and does not have to do much to strengthen his position, unlike the simultaneous strikes of Michael for all 5 Families in G1. This hand-down process can be an authentic way of transferring power to a mafia family, but why is so much done in this boring routine? Of course, Don Vincent could earn the respect of his colleagues one day, but in the script there are no revelations of character that give us a portrait of this young man, unfortunately. Puzo has done such a good job of quickly and concisely developing Michael's character in G1. But G3 does not have any savings in his story and we suffer through exposures until we just want to delay. Third, George Hamilton was also handed a ingenious task, taking over as a family attorney after Robt Duvall declined a third installment as Tom Hagen. George wisely understood his role, so he broke out without damaging the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when she takes criminal things in her hands (maybe she could have slept with Fredo if it were the real world). But it's not bad. The scene of the assassination in the hotel's penthouse is great! Also, "they keep pulling me back" or the words in this regard are an excellent line. And we recover some old countries, feeling we return to Sicily, even if everything is done in 1989 and have modern cars and haircuts. The lines of plot involving the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are quite interesting, as it relies on some real financial phenomena at Banco Vatican in the 1980s, but is brought too far again, with deadly death scenes, etc. Opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But the scene of Mary's death to the end is an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation at best. All scriptwriters must learn that we do not always need more and more death to bring a mafia film to a successful conclusion. You are sorry for Kay that her daughter is dead, she plays so much pain, but Michael's reaction is hammie, hammy, hammy. Then Michael died sometime in the 21st century in Sicily, alone in a big estate, in heart failure ... no grandson to play before his death, no wife to live anymore. What should have happened in the last five years of this film is that Michael is being watched by someone like Rudy Guilliani suing all the small businesses of the dirty family and bloody indulgences brought to light, Michael then sentenced under RICO statutes and sent to the federal prison for life ... then he can pant on the dead of heart-failure as he clears a bridge in LEAVENWORTH. That is how their mafia-careers ceased at the end of the 1980s and early 1990s and received much better treatment than what they deserve.
