The side of the nose was an amazing look inside the fictitious Corleone family and how an innocent young man was forced into circumstances he never wanted to share. The Godfather Part II shows that the young man's acceptance of his new role, the desensitization of his character, and the complete loss of all innocence, as he sinks deeper and deeper into a life of murder. The first two parts of this saga of this transformation of Michael Corleone make for one of the greatest tragedies in cinematic history. Then, over time, The Godfather Part III appeared. Michael Corleone is now the Don of the Corleone family. He shows the remorse for his earlier actions, not by subtle behaviors, but by trying to use his powers forever and recognizing all his mistakes and regretting others. Very cliché and uncharacteristic of the complex character that is Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his powers forever are derailed by a young ambitious disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter is finally a victim of ongoing wars and her predictable death leads to Michael realizing that his entire life as Don was worthless because he failed in the only thing that was the reason for to put himself in a position where he was: protecting his family. Godfather Part II ends with Michael Corleone reaching the smallest of his lowest: having his brother killed. Prior to Part III, Godfather's saga was an emotionally fascinating story about the journey of an innocent young man into the dark, with Michael's incredibly tragic ending, forgetting his roots and abandoning the only thing he always had the most important for him and for those around him: loyalty. Part III painting Michael's image as a man who is and has always been just a victim of circumstances. This greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films. Godfather Part III is a horrible misery of a movie that should never have been done. The only solution to the problem is this latest installment of "The Godfather" is to claim that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with Michael's shocking action of killing a member of his family.
