Near the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III", Michael Corleone's son wants to quit law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want that. But his ex-husband, Kay, manages to persuade him to let Anthony Corleone watch the music as he likes. So he does it. This seems like a strange way to start a review because it is a minor plot point and has nothing to do with major action. Keep me here with me; you'll see where I'm going with this eventually. Now let me tell you about the major plot. This is Michael Corleone who wants to forego the crime forever (he has largely abandoned all the criminal elements in his family affair). But then Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate grandson, is involved in a battle. So, of course, Michael has to endure yet another brush with crime and violence against weapons and all good gangster stuff. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-incest adventure with Michael's daughter Maria. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to set in motion all the horrible things that happened at the end of part II. It's like a soap opera. A terrible, terrible, 169-minute digging. Gone is any kind of sophistication, romance, and emotional relevance that made the first two movies hit home so hard. After a 16-year franchise break, Francis Ford Coppola gave a mess of whispers and claims, entirely incongruent with the first two films, proving once again that his last great work was "The Revelation Now" of the 1970s. What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical pursuit of "the Godfather: Part II." Michael is a completely different person. He did not just go to the seed (which could be legitimate, even if it was not at all enjoyable to watch). He has become a good good trying to repair all the tragedy that made Part II a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but that little attack of diabetes in the middle pushed him to nausea. He also returns with Kay! Because of God, there is absolutely no way that should happen, as was the second film made abundantly clear! She aborted her child, and her Sicilian rise made her despise. Did Francis Ford Coppola not even think of these things? And it does not even make me start with the adventure of Mary and Vincent! For a love story, so forbidden, she was shockingly invincible. The action of Sofia Coppola helped nothing. She made the smartest move of her life when she passed the camera behind her, because she was probably the worst actress I've ever seen in nominating the best photo. Each line she has delivered is painfully memorized, and every time the drama relies on her acting skills, all she has done is the inadequate chick. In the climatic scene - I will not go into detail, but you will know which scene I am talking about when you see her - she looks at Michael and says, "Dad?" I think I wanted to cry, but the line was delivered so stupid that I burst into long and strong laughter! Now we get to the climax, and now you will figure out why I've done the time to start the review with a description of Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions. After 140 minutes of little theater and trouble, Anthony Corleone returns ... with a work! So Michael, Kay, Mary, and Vincent are going to see her, and for about 10-15 minutes, a couple of killers walk around trying to assassinate Michael. About this climatic sequence, I have to say one thing: it was very good! But not because of the killers - they were pretty boring. I really liked the opera. He had great music and a really great piece. And from what he showed us a little, the story seemed to have echoes of the Corleone family. I bet it was a bloody work and I bet Michael Corleone was glad he let his son go from the law school to music. My greatest wish is that Francis Ford Coppola shot Anthony Corleone's work for 169 minutes and took out the rest of the soggi melody. Better, I wish that he did not do "The Godfather: Part III". Part II gave us the perfect ending. This spin was indulgent and useless. <br /> <br /> This is not an intestinal reaction to the film. I've been watching all three Godfather movies a month ago (though I first made it back). Not only does this mean that my expectations for Part III have not been screwed up (in fact, I put the bar quite low after hearing), but it also means that I had a good time to think about all three movies. Although I was a little disappointed at the beginning of the second part, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed. But with Part III, it was bad from the beginning, then I worsened as I thought more about it. The sad problem is that many people will stop with the third part, but if they look at part II, they will most likely go to part III. If you have the will, look at Parts I and II, and claim that Part III did not exist.
