This remake of 1973 by the classic Billy Wilder is inferior to the original one. Surprise! First of all, good things. Lee J. Cobb makes a terrible Barton Keyes. He's not as good as Edward G. Robinson, of course, but he's the only reason to see that. This remake is just an improvement from the original version, because it reduces the role of Lola Dietrichson, the stepmother of fatal women, Phyllis Dietrichson. And that's for good. <br /> <br /> Bad things are a lot. The director registers everything in an indifferent way: if you watched the movie with the deactivated sound, you would hardly have the impression that something really interesting happened. Because of the inappropriate modern taste, the film must be in color instead of black and white. Due to the unpleasant taste of the '70s, all sets are disturbingly ugly. The expensive apartment of Walter Neff, in particular, is terrible. Modern setting gives misfortune in many ways. Train trips were a bit more unusual in the 1970s than in the 1940s, so Mr Dietrichson's decision to take a train seems rather a contribution. The men stopped wearing the hats, which prevented Walter from covering his brown hair while presenting Mr. Dietrichson with white hair. The women in mourning stopped wearing veils that break Samantha Eggar from a Barbara Stanwyck propulsion that used a wonderful key scene. (Once, Lola has the line where she reveals that her stepmother is trying to make a hat and a black veil before they need it.) Stephen Bochco keeps much of Billy Wilder-Raymond Chandler's writings the same. But he does a lot of tiny, unexplainable changes to the dialogue that leaves the unstoppable script where he was once weak and muscular. With the scandal, the famous banter of the motorcycle has disappeared, but look carefully and you will see what seems to be a post-production cut if those lines should have been. Bochco can not be blamed. Richard Crenna is acceptable as Walter Neff. What could have made this tolerable version is a splendid Phyllis Dietrichson. Instead, we receive Samantha Eggar, which appears as a standard issue in "Barnaby Jones". But who can blame Eggar? With a director who barely seems to be interested in what's going on in front of the room, how could Barbara Stanwyck be part of her?
