This 1973 remake of the classic film Billy Wilder, "Double Indemnity," in 1944, is an example of a great script destruction manuscript. This B grade TV feed also illustrates the madness of remakes in general. While Hollywood left the greedy directors who colored black and white films and demanded waiver of widescreen movies that are featured in pan and scan versions, industry has ignored hacking that insists on making a classic movie and It diminishes with a stray remake. The first step in producing a bowdlerized version of a classic is to edit the script. Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler's work was cut for half an hour to fit the final movie within a specified time frame with space for commercials. Then update your production with gentle, colorful, smart, upscaling, and familiar TV actors. Thus, the "Double Indemnity" brand eliminates black-and-white film-black, which improved the mood and characterization of the original. The dusty, shadowy, claustrophobic sets that have explained the protagonists' wishes to get rid of their situations at any cost have disappeared. The close connection between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis disappeared. Jack Smight's view of "Double Indemnity" is more "dynasty" than the noir movie. Phyllis Dietrickson has a home designer to die for, and Neff's padding comfy would be hard to afford on an insurance salary, not to mention the sporting sportsman Mercedes who drives. No character has any obvious reason to kill for a 200,000-dollar bank. If not money, then maybe killing for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest for Samantha Eggar, and their kisses are just as cute as those between a brother and a sister. Crenna fails to capture Neff's cynicism, and his attempts to keep his doubts and sexual suggestion collapse horizontally. Eggar is a little better and has no sensuality and depth to suggest the inner functioning of a supposed mind and manipulative. Only Lee J. Cobb manages a credible performance like Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three directors have all done much better. There was no good reason to produce this remake remarkable, except that it filled time in a broadcast program. There was no reason to revive it on DVD and pack it with the original movie, except for a double-disc package. The only lesson that can be learned from this shortcoming is that even a great screenplay and great dialogue can be ruined by bad casting, blurry direction, and TV production values. The "Double Benefit" in 1973 should be entitled "10% Indemnity" because its view only highlights the 100% perfection of the original film.
