Crime and insurrection kill an adulterous couple at the end of the line ... Television was vulgar in the early 1970s, and this truncated, made for TV, made me sick. It can not compare to the classic film of 1944 Billy Wilder Film Noir, as one should know from the right mind - without vision - but that does not mean that this update should be seen as a separate entity. Although, based on the original Paramount scenario, over half an hour has passed and the indolent indifference of the director makes things worthwhile to forget. With a rare exception, the young generation was not interested in watching black and white movies on television since 1973 (still true today, unfortunately), so this fascinating, unpleasant story was new to the overwhelming majority of viewers; then as now, the rating rule and cashing was his only raison d'etre. Gus Van Zandt reshaped Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO for similar reasons, and if these reductions led to the search for original movies or novels, so much better. I liked the soul of James M. Cain quite novel to find myself then I enjoyed this time the curios capsule for the second time for the long hair, the halter tips, the turbans, the ugly decoration and the luxuriant garnet blocks of the "star guests "Samantha Eggar, who have not tried too hard. In addition to recognizing some incidentally cast out of a childhood in front of the boob tube, Lee J. Cobb was able to hold my interest as a tired, tired look only Keyes but Richard Crenna's affable and harmless Walter Neff mi - remembered Bill Bixby on a bad day. Improving the original, of course, was never intended to make a buck of making a dollar, but instead of redeeming without a mind, a new adaptation of the novel would have been a new idea. Cain's book differs somewhat from its celluloid incarnations, and the fins of the terrible sharks of the ending month are a killer. Completist in me is thankful this accelerated "Me Decade" update was included as part of the Double Indemnity DVD extras, but the experience not only made me a long time to see the original, I had nostalgic for any episode of better-made Columbo TV Shows. I also flash back to a very good 1973 ABC TV movie of the week I have not seen since her initial venting: John D. Macdonald Linda played beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless fatal woman who kills her lover (sexy John Saxon) wife and then her husband frames blajin for murder and, if I remember correctly, there is also an open end. Like double indemnity, it was remodeled uselessly with the Virginia Madsen TV queen as the title vixen and Richard Thomas as the milquetoast husband.
