When Samantha Eggar (as Phyllis Dietrickson) answers the door of her house, scattered in a towel, you realize that as an actress competent as Eggar she does not have the hypnotic adventure of Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not Eggar's fault entirely. In the original film, Wilder had Stanwyck not only appeared in a towel but stepped out of the balcony on the second floor of the house. And she does not "go out"; it appears, almost like magic. Walter Neff looks at her downstairs on the first floor. There is a reason for that. Stanwyck is much larger than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when introduced for the first time. It's not just a towel. The towel adds to the seductive attraction. Her position is like a Greek Goddess who looks at her field and, in a strange way, feels as though from the beginning she actually controls the whole situation. She has sexual, even magical power. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with secrets hidden inside. <br /> <br /> Back in 1973. The remake has Crenna knocking on the front door. Stanwyck's support, Eggar, answers the door with a towel around her. There is no "aspect". Simply open the door. The appealing supremacy that grabbed the audience at Stanwyck's first appearance in 1944 is totally absent in 1973. She opens the door with a towel around her. She can be sexy in a Charlie style, but it's not as mysterious. Remake makers seem to misunderstand Wilder's point. The script would have said that "Phyllis appears in the towel," so remake manufacturers simply follow the instructions and include the towel required. The point is not the towel. The idea is Phyllis's enigmatic quality and the potential power it has. Wilder gave him a towel to add her mystic. Remake makers gave him a towel because that's what Wilder did. And in choosing the shot, he lost all Phyllis's mysticism. Richard Crenna also seems miscast. It seems he is "acting" and not in the middle of the dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna appears as much as a 70-year-old actor. He can not enter the 1940s. When MacMurray speaks first in the microphone, sweat begins to flow in front of him. No sweat on Crenna. And they also changed one of the crucial lines from the beginning. In the original, Neff says, "I did not get the money and I did not take the woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says: "I did not get the money and I did not want the woman." Did the filmmakers fully understand the whole point of the story? Or were they dumpling her down for a public "television"? This movie made for television is an extradition by numbers. The whole sharp edge of the original is lost. The only exception is maybe Lee J. Cobb in the role of Edward G. Robinson. But he can not save the loss of the intensity of the original. This boring remake of 1973 is a forgotten TV movie, probably made by the same people who made "Gilligan Island". They might try to recall "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediocrity is the best you can hope for, what is the purpose? The classic 1944 is a film with a capital "F". This remake made for television deserves an "F" grade, or maybe a "D" for the bad.
