Before Stan Laurel became the smallest half of the biggest comedy team, he worked under contract with Broncho Billy Anderson in a series of costumes, many of which were parodies of major Hollywood features. After a fight with Anderson, Laurel continued the informal parody series at the younger (and more indignant) company of Joe Rock's production. Most of Laurel's parody films were just fun at the time and even less fun for modern audiences who have not seen the original film Laurel is parodying. "West of Hot Dog" is a pretty generic parody of cowboy shoot-'em-ups. It is a specific parody of the "West of Pecos", an oater launched two years ago without major actors. Since the "Peace of the West" has never been a huge success, it is hard to see why Stan's movie unit has chosen this film as a target for their lamp, the more they have waited both long after liberation to parody him. And where did they get that title "West of Hot Dog"? Maybe it's just like "hot dog!" was a sexual intercourse favored by American lechers in the 1920s. (As in the opening stage of the Machinal play.) West of Hot Dog was produced and co-directed by Joe Rock. Among his many accomplishments, Rock introduced Laurel to Lois Neilson and was later the best man at the wedding. Full disclosure: In the last years of his life, I had the great privilege of getting into Joe Rock and interviewing her. Nearly ninety years at the time, Rock's memory was impressively clear ... but he did not remember anything about "West of Hot Dog" and I can not blame him. This movie is very forgotten. <br /> <br /> The lady's main character is called Little Mustard: If that means being a parody of something in 'West of the Pecos', I do not get it. There are some "impossible" gags here, including Laurel's method of mounting a horse. For just one moment in this movie, Stan Laurel reminded me of the great Buster Keaton when he suddenly entered a run. "West of Hot Dog" is vaguely similar to Keaton's short story and comedy "The Frozen North," but Keaton's version is much more fun. The movie of this film anticipates a situation in Keaton's "Our Hospitality", but (again) suffers by comparison: here, two enemy brothers eager to inherit the Last Ditch, but the previous owner left him in the weak. However, brothers will become legal heirs if Stan dies. Hmmm ... Seriously, though: is this a legal legacy? As soon as Stan gets possession of property, certainly any other questions about property or heritage become his decision, not the previous owner's decision. I have had enough time to consider such points of law while watching this humorous comedy. At one point, a gag involves a brutal animation attracted directly to the film. It looks cheap and is not funny. This "Hot Dog" is not a weiner, nor a winner: it's just a whiner. My rating: a point out of 10. Wait, Stan: In a few years you will be half the legend of a comedy.
