This film is a flagrant violation of one of the best novels of all time, Silas Marner by George Eliot. The details of the movie on IMDb do not give the original author recognition, but I did not see this at the beginning of the movie, just a credit at the end saying "suggested by Silas Marner". Suggested? It was nothing but a complete rupture of all the essential elements of the story: An old and wounded old man, an artisan, poor and alone, stole all his money. One night a child wanders to the door, while her mother dies in the snow outside. The man takes it and brings it until one day the local warden (or the rich politician here) asks to adopt the child. It is he who multiplied the child during an illicit affliction years before. Fighting occurs when someone should have legal custody of the child. In this and every other aspect of the film, the story is exactly the same. Only one can find a difference. Silas Marner had epilepsy - but maybe it would have strengthened Mr Martin's abilities to go too far. Above all, it has hair dyed in carrot juice (probably to make it look younger but actually makes it look more clown that it is)! There is also the addition of meaningless jokes that this offbeat comedian can not resist bringing in a story that has no part in it and just hijacked the depth of the story. As when the child complains in the court, she says she can only be satisfied with the man who has multiplied him all these years. This is transmitted in the film by the girl who applies the nasal decongestant to the nose bridge to make her tear off! I am surprised that legality and integrity in the film industry allows such a film to be made. If I had been a trustee of George Eliot, I would insist on the repairs. If I were Steve Martin, I would send the profits to that property or to the poor. At least he should be called Silas Marner - adapted by S Martin. Or better removed from the archives! If you are interested in this story - and I hope you are - give up this whole thing and watch Silas Marner. Or read the book! The BBC made an excellent adaptation of it in the 1980s.
