Oh, if I could only give a trash less than a star! There were two easy funny parts in the whole movie and that's it! one was where a line or two from the song Do not worry, Be Happy was sung by the slugs and the other was there where Roddy fell off the toilet and landed with his feet and legs apart so that everything else he landed down, hit him in the bats. That was nothing more fun than that, at least not for me anyway! Doctornappy2 is not right to say, "Shrek's" terribly "fans may enjoy, but fans of" Wallace & Gromit "will probably return in disgust." Like I loved Shrek 1 2 and 3 and I like both Wallace and Gromit. See what's getting worse is that if an animation is doing very well then it's definitely worth watching, however it was just as far from being done as well as you can! The mistakes of continuity were too great. Some have been highlighted by the decision-makers in this site others were not. I will not show all the others, but there are a few things to see: When the daughter's daughter leaves at the beginning of the movie, the catch on the cage door descends and the hook portion that is on the right turns around behind the round knob thus ensuring Roddy could not get out of the way and he could only get out of it. At one point, the ruby ​​falls on Roddy's back and is pushed directly into the air by Rita as the ship moves forward. In the next scene, Roddy caught him again. It's impossible. Seeing the ship moving forward, the only place where the ruby ​​was pulled out of Roddy's shirt, the only place he could land was in the water, not in Roddy's hand. It was a third one I wanted to emphasize, but for the moment I forgot it. Too many, for lack of a better word, "jokes" were repeated in one way or another, there was not enough time to establish any kind of connection with any of the characters, the characters were empty, superficial and empty, and the whole movie left you ... they wanted to watch 85 minutes of anything else! Painting in the dry or in the grass are two great options!
