A very young Ginger Rogers trades the quick words and a line with rival reporter Lyle Talbot in this 1933 crime murder from the producer of Poverty Row, Allied Productions. The movie opens with a wealthy businessman who took a header from the roof garden of a high-rise apartment or was it from a lover's apartment? Rogers has two identities at the beginning of the movie, Miss Terry, the victim's death secretary, along with his Pat Morgan daily. Incorrectly, by ringing live at Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of the paper rewriting desk, she was fired for her efforts when her boss finds out that she was pulled from the outside. Here's a puzzle - it's revealed during police inspector Russell's research (Purnell Pratt) about Harker's death that Terry / Morgan had been hired as a secretary for three weeks. Why was that? After logically it was there for a newspaper story, but before? The indices are renounced to associate Harker with a known mobster who lives conveniently in the same apartment building, but again this association is not relevant until it is connected to goalkeeper Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who does all serpent calling books performing an HSSS, with the words "You will hear" cut and glued under it? It seems the sound of a snake was the sound made by the radiator system of the apartment house, which Peterson sent to the rooms of potential victims, such as Mrs. Coby, in the apartment under Harker. But in response to a question to Inspector Russell about Mrs Coby's death, he responded "apparently" to the cause of strangulation. These rather contradictory plot points made the film somewhat unsatisfactory for me. The portrayal of Peterson, the bad guy of this piece, is found in rather terrible circumstances as we see him in Miss Morgan's unconscious body in the crematorium of the building! Nevertheless, and note another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a huge basement room as Peterson lights the oven; she made an escape, but how? And still quite like a picture. And who manages to make the guard on the screen if no one other than Military Police Assistant Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who in an opening scene fell over his feet, enters a room. I'm sorry, but for all those reviewers who have found "Shriek in the Night" to be a satisfying whim, I feel like any Charlie Chan movie in the same era is a true "Common Suspect" by comparison. If you need a reason to see the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but we advise you, do not dance.
