Anything that might have been interesting in this material is submerged in the first few seconds, with an indication that the events we are about to see can never be known and "This is most often said" of the most sensational "mysteries" of Hollywood. So, we do not receive anything new (and "The Mysteries and Scandals" in E! Give you a better position for that incident ... and that's not too much approval). What are we doing? We find out that Hollywood is a nest of viper and decadents. No big news there. More interesting, we find out what a scared director wants to regain his position in the entertainment industry and / or political institutions. The question arises whether Peter Bogdanovich speaks from his own experience through these characters. But what has been said is so cynical and ugly and terrified, we have left ourselves guilty for confessing a bunch of hooes that passes through history. The tone of the movie has a curious quality found more irritating than fun. We're not empathizing with anyone. And the great "Citizen Kane" removes the relationship between Davies and Hearts in a much more convincing way. In "The Mow's Cat," we're not sure why Davies is with Hearst. As soon as one thing is told, she does not do the other. And do we have to believe that Davies was the love of Chaplain's life? Or they just try to fancy one of America's most powerful citizens - and apparently moron. The film is never clear. What is convincing is the production values. There is a glorious recreation of yachts and vintage costumes. I looked more into building up ribbons on men's jackets than after a story that slanders many of the most celebrated personalities in Hollywood history. No one will remember that the script is pure fiction. Disclaimers that fit the movie are becoming more and more tentative and unsatisfactory. Performers can not be accused, although Meg Tilly goes on parody here. Kirsten Dunst never disappoints. It offers the most sincere performance in a sea of ​​chewing landscape. Only Joanna Lumley rises above the material, but so much that she seems to distance herself from the whole business, rather than distinguish it. One of his first lines is, "I'm not here!" And I'm sure she wants it not. This is not on par with Bogdanovich's, so-bad-is-good "At the last long love". He's staring at trying a serious thing, but hesitating and getting hurt first because he's so bitter about the "beast" called Hollywood. This is the movie "National Enquirer". And not only does he solidify the names of those who put on board Oneida during that weekend, but the audience gets pretty dirty.
