I just saw a pre-screening tonight. What can I say? He lived until the average carriage of the caravan, though he said nothing at all. He did nothing like a movie before doing this and he played in such a cliché that eventually we got to the point where we laughed just because we laugh with the audience, let's see ... we have the less spectacular character trying to go back with his ex-girlfriend, but he's not good enough for her, check out. We have the three buddies who have their own "personality", one being the best friend who tries to meet with the best friend of the main character, but he is constantly rejected, another friend being the super-strange who can not live down to seeing everything positive 24/7 and being thrown in for un-liners (which in this case is just a bunch of movie references, especially from Disney), and the third guy whose name you will not remember but it is there to complete the square and throw in consoling messages to anyone who will take care to listen ... check it out. We have the girl's ex-boyfriend and her parents **** - block the relationship by any means when things look up, not to mention the inconvenient family members of the main character ... check it out. We have less than an hour in the movie where everyone is depressed, check out. We have the "funny" moments of the movie, coming from unremitting swearing, from falling or hitting people, from scenes from trailer and from homosexual inconveniences ... check it out. And I dare say a spoiler, but we have an end that runs exactly as I thought it would unfold before seeing the movie ... check it out. Frankly, this could ... no, wait ... it should have been a PG-13 movie. All that had to be thrown were any bombs F. Frankly, he would have received much more publicity from the crowd that enjoys this sort of humor, would have obtained less exposure in the media, and would not have been despised so much from people like me who should try to lift it upwards to recent R-comedies such as Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor of this movie is so strange that it does not match what people are looking for. I bet the actors were often anxious about some of the dialogues and actions they were supposed to bring to the room. Let's put it like this ... in the theater, it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and others laugh. When this movie hits Showtime and you check it out at 2:00 PM one day out of the day, you may be inclined to change the channel. The only thing that will keep you looking is the quality of Alice Eve (which is not even a 10, but still very good). In addition to the main resolution, this film gave a lot of subplanes the side of the curve and seemed to forget to write more story they tried to develop at the beginning of the movie, where everything else almost flies out the window. So there is a main resolution, but what is going on? It is never really clear and does not allow the end to be "feeling good" with jamming. In this movie there was only one thing that deserves nothing, and that was the good soundtrack. Besides the beautiful choice of 90-year-old alternative rock songs, there was an optimistic score that would play in some parts of the movie (more at the beginning of the movie) that reminds me of what David Holmes would mix / compose. I will give them a props for a great variety of sounds. The last thing was that the movie was probably filmed late last summer, because the inappropriate but proud Pepsi sponsorship showed the yellow caps they had during the Rock Band promotion. I thought a lot of Rock Band players would catch that if you'd seen it. But I say you keep the money. If it was PG-13 and you were 15 on a Friday night with a group of friends, I'd say you hit. Otherwise, it certainly passes. Do not try to compete with R-rated movies in recent years and, ideally, it certainly is not as good.
