Walerian Borowczyks La Bete (1975) was obviously received in various ways: Some were terrified, some were shocked, others applauded the courage. However, they are completely untouched, bored and can not ask why the display of incoherent, inconsistent images which orbits vaguely around a central theme are considered an intellectual journey. What was this movie about? Increasing sexuality in a woman? I have seen wonderful movies about this subject, but this is not one of them. How can someone try to describe an increasing sexuality in a girl without trying at least to characterize it as a person, not just as a narrative device to dream (nude) the beasts. If there are no characters, there is no character study. The woman persecuted by the beast was not a teenager, the girl who had sex with the black butler (is also characterized as a beast?) Has a very high attitude towards sexuality, so where is the coherence? Is it a movie about religion? If so, we will need more thematic than a priest without function, charisma, but with a strong desire for two young boys. Is it bestiality? The metaphorical sense of the film forbids any realistic examination of bestiality, especially since realistic examination requires realistic characters. So no real bestiality here. Some mythical beasts and two priests talk to each other about the sin of bestiality. Enough for a college essay on this subject? I do not think. Is it about sex? Is this something? I do not know. I just know that showing a shotgun does not make a movie a war movie. To do with a subject must mean more than just displaying your own associations with the theme. So, look into the controversy. Do not be afraid of bestiality, nudity, ejaculation, masturbation and more. I'm not. Look at her as you look at any other story and you might find that it is a poor film, poorly written, bad, very badly written (well, some pictures are quite beautiful and the main character is a girl really good) the brain masturbation of a director who thinks he's biting around the bush in a slow hypnotic way will make a smart story. It is not like that. It's boring.
