What the hell is that? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in the Tunnel Region"? The thinnest actress in the world (with more cool and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) goes over her bone ass, making shameful grimaces that will shake Bugs Bunny in one of the most animated non-animated television series ever. This is also the most annoying one-hour TV show ever since, and worst of all. All men behave like dressings, and I refused to believe that even the big hips as a delta-male, like this short (short) band. Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more irritating than Calista Flockofducks with Hollywood's "shshshs" fake speech: it's a sort of pseudo-incapacity to pronounce the letter "S" turning it into a moron "SH" on which he likes Jon Shtewart and Christian Shlater practically and zealously. Following the discussion of MacNicol, I always ask myself how not to dislodge his jaw ... Human facial anatomy was never meant to support the pronouncement of the sound "SH" more than three times per second. It is a medical miracle. This badly conceived and written legal-drama / komedie hodgepodge also features some 90-year-old PCs. It has political correctness written in huge, neonal letters. Is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of LAWYERS that is full of ideals, high principles and moral fiber? Laughing, but that's how Hollywood defense lawyers have emerged since its inception. After all, what is more noble than defending a murderer, a rapist or a thief? When a series of retarded televisions like "Ally McBeak" begins to teach America about how to lead the country, then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack" is both a product of the recent and widespread western clothing and a perpetrator of it. These alleged touches of "eccentricity", like the musical numbers of annoying UNIVERSITIES, are unconvincing and embarrassingly unpleasant. It's not Monty Python. Whatever the "new" talent producers in this trash, they did not succeed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a very commercial TV business destined to destroy yuppii, bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. There is another unclear objection that has overwhelmed Ommonim to call the witness "ill-judged that the American audience seems to eat joyfully for a strange reason ..."
