I will give up the usual comparisons with a certain legendary director known to the neurotic character of New Yorker because, frankly, to make a comparison with a loser, Josh Kornbluth, it is just an insult to such a director. I will also avoid mentioning the Office Space snake in the same breaths as this celluloid catastrophe. Can we, however, compare it with awakening during surgery? it is painful to look and you wonder if surgeons really know what they are doing. Haiku Tunnel is the kind of film you want to shoot in the early stages of production. It was cruel to let her live, and as a result, audiences around the world are made to suffer. The premise of the film? if he really has one? nor is it worthwhile to talk, but for caution I will. Josh Kornbluth, a temporary worker with severe phobia of commitment, is offered a permanent job. His main duty is to send 17 high priority bosses to his boss. But, ridiculously, he is not able to do this simple task. My reaction? Great work! Is not that a story? is a best thought - one who should have passed with someone who respected it. <br /> <br /> The main actor? if you can call him? is a ruddy doll of a man with beautifully crafted features, a seamless hairline, and a series of facial expressions ranging from fragments to simple disturbances. Where did the director find this schmuck? What do you want to say ???? is he the director? Oh, my mistake. Playing in your own embarrassment of a scenario is one thing, but I suspect Mr. Kornbluth is not as convincing as a human being, not to mention an actor. Be assured that this is by no means a targetless assassination, but never before I was so full of the presence of an actor on the screen! My frustration was still confused by the uninterrupted monologues in the room between scenes. I mean, as if the viewer needs an ounce of intelligence to understand this feeling, Kornbluth insults us further by "explaining" the action (the first rule of the film: "dramatization of the exhibition" shows, does not say). Who does this guy think? He has no charisma, no charm, and judging by his Hawaiian shirts, no sense of style. His casting agent should be shot point! The supporting actors do nothing to relieve the boredom we felt with one exception. Patricia Scanlon makes a very funny look like Helen's former secretary, who was headed by her old boss, and harassing phone calls from her basement while holding a torch under her face. This made me chic, but the next moment passed and I turned to check my watch for the rest of the movie. The title of the movie is also an inappropriate name. Haiku Tunnel has nothing to do with the old form of Japanese poetry. Do not be fooled into thinking that it's about an art movie because of its pretentious title or the fact that it just played in a handful of cinemas and did not make money at the box office ?????? there is a very good reason for that! <br /> <br />
