Office work, especially in this age of computers, multifunction copiers, e-mail, voicemail, snail mail and temps, are satirical terrors, a vein in movies such as Office Space Clockwatchers, and very The latest addition to the tem / humor pool, however, the "Haiku Tunnel", directed by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth, fails to live up to its predecessors and laughs somewhere in front of the door, waiting for a chance to sneak (Josh Kornbluth), Josh Kornbluth (Josh Kornbluth), Josh Kornbluth (Josh Kornbluth), and Josh Kornbluth (Josh Kornbluth) , highlights in the opening frames (in a monologue delivered directly to the camera), this story is a pure fiction and takes place in the fictitious city of San Francisco. your innovation, if not very imaginative, and not so amusing. It is, however, a preacher of what is to be pursued, all of which - like giving up - is not that funny. Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, an aspiring novelist who leans as a "temp." It is a job that fits him and gives him time to slip something from time to time in his novel. But when she goes to work for a lawyer, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith) is doing a good job on the first day, and Shelby sends state secretary Marlina D'Amore (Helen Shumaker) to Kornbluth to convince him to go. " The thought of working full time for the same company, however, initially hits them in the heart of Kornbluth, but he comes down and signs for this position. He is nervous about this, but at least other secretaries recognize their presence (which, of course, would never do a temperature), and if things become too harsh, it has seventeen important letters that it has written - now it must be sent by mail - to return (he kept them back because posting is the easy part and needs "something easy to do" in the reserve, if everything gets too much for him). These are important letters, but by the end of the week, Kornbluth still has them on his desk. And he does not need a genius to realize that when Shelby learns about it, Kornbluth's days, like the boys with clean hair, will end up. And the Kornbluth brothers, who not only directed, but together with John Bellucci also wrote the screenplay for this film, should have taken a page in Ben Stiller's comedy, "If you play it right, they will laugh ". But they did not, and the audience will not. Because in comedy, even if we look at it as objectively as possible, when the main character (like most supporting characters in this case) "plays" funny - as in, he "knows" it's funny - never is not. And that's what Kornbluth does here; so that, rather than being "funny," he meets equally unintentional and pretentious, a serious misconduct by Kornbluths, for allowing him to sabotage their own film. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to discern exactly why this film does not work, it is summed up for two basic reasons: the Direction, which - if not necessarily "bad" - is at least negligible; and secondly, the shows, starting with Josh Kornbluth. Quite simply, Kornbluth seems too impressed to be efficient here. Unlike Stiller or even Steve Martin - both use self-depressing humor in a very efficient way - Kornbluth apparently has an ego that simply will not let it light; he seems to need to let his audience know that he, the real Kornbluth, is actually much smarter than the character Kornbluth. And the impossibility of going beyond that makes it, as well as the movie. Rather than give millions of office workers who can see this movie someone they can relate to or identify with, Kornbluth affects a condescending manner that only serves to alienate the people they are trying to reach. So, what is happening is a case of bad direction and unconvincing action, and when you take into account that the scenario itself was weak at first, with an inexplicably narrow concentration (given the potential of the rich object), it is easy Understand why this just does not fly. The rescue of the film is Warren Keith's performance as Shelby, whose subtle delivery is convincing and which - in itself - is quite humorous. Its effectiveness is diminished, however, to the extent that Keith has to share his scenes with Kornbluth, which, to some extent, cancels his positive contributions to the project. <br /> <br /> Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) also manage to keep their heads above the water with their respective performances, which are commendable, if not entirely memorable; at least make their scenes visible, and Overman even managed to raise Kornbluth's performance even if for the moment. But it's not enough to save the day or the movie. The cast includes Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (DaVonne), Joe Bellan (Jimmy the Mailler) with a cameo appearance by a Harry Shearer in his quest as an orientation leader - a role which creates an answer to the question: "What did he think when he accepted this?" In any working environment there will forever be situations that will inevitably become one's own fodder for somebody's comic guns and the movies that describe these situations will always be with us; the good ones (see paragraph 1) may even become classics in their own right. The "Haiku Tunnel", however, will remain very long among them, because the destiny is elsewhere - in a field known only as "Obscurity." I vote on 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
