Unfortunately, the film of the movie we were watching was burned in the fire at Universal Studios last week, so we were stuck with the movie. That might even be a metaphor for this King Kong movie in the second half of students in Toho studio, Ishiro Honda. Essentially, it's a heating for "King Kong versus Godzilla". He even uses the idea of ​​a Mecha-Kong like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the film culminates with King Kong, fighting Mecha-Kong on top of Tokyo's tower, but if you do not know you're probably probably in the age group for which this movie was intended. <br /> <br /> The distribution is led by a guy named Rhodes Reason that I have never heard of ... Looking over his list, I see a lot of American TV credits scattered, so it's interesting that they dragged him all the way to Japan so he could have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is the most sensible Japanese commander, played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognized from the iconic version of Hiroshi Inagaki about "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also from Honda's original Godzilla movies. I'm sorry Rhodes Reason whoever you are, but this guy has more presence on the screen and you can bet that everyone wants to end up with a nice blonde played by Linda Miller. I laughed at how Rason would always find a way to intercede between Miller and Takarada, which seemed to be preferred. Of course, all the leading women in Kong, her primary relationship is with the king himself. Discover a nice trick: if you're talking with a huge monkey really ..... really ... slowly ..... he will understand what you say. And if you're a blonde girl, that means he'll do whatever you tell her to do. This is not lost on Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - representing a "nation that will not be called" - who intends to use it as a bait for Kong to yield the mineral deposits that are trapped to the North Pole. Yes, this is really the plot of the whole movie - it seems that only a huge monkey will be able to dig these minerals that can be used to make super strong weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuits get in the way, so they decide to go for the real Kong. Kong itself seems to be infatuated with Mecha-Kong momentarily, a story element that would have made the film more interesting, but it has not been tracked to the end. By the end of the movie, a nice blonde shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" in her strange voice so many times that when the two heroes tell her to let her go, I talk to all of us. Practically this movie scatters any majesty possible in the Kong character, making it a heroic and friendly figure too early, just like the latest version of the story. Kong is just a guy in a costume in this movie, and he shows them pretty much to the point where the rough face becomes impossible to take seriously. It's a beautiful movie, I'm sure it meets the demands or wishes of fans of this type of work, which is really more a fight movie than a monster movie in many ways. Monsters do not really face these films, but just jump and push each other around. It's not a movie worthless, but it's highly predictable and formic, so for anyone under the age of 10 it's probably going to be fun just like comedy.
