This is an interesting left tower for Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBORS is a 75 minutes Minnesota B & W movie that has non-actors and is about two people finding a connection through an alien life search. I applaud the boldness of Reel 13 thinking outside the box when selecting this movie. I would have liked to have chosen a stronger movie to be bold. Actually, I wonder if the choice has more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the real quality of the film itself (not that the two HARBORS are completely merciless, but I'll get a little later). <br /> <br /> As is common with independent movies, TWO HARBORS is limited in terms of location. Are there only two real locations? a junk distribution market and a very young trailer, which is the home of the middle-aged middle-age character Vic, played by Alex Cole. Writer / director James Vculek uses the market setting to offer an exhibition about Vic, who is one of the dealers there. Does more people have to go to Vic and start very long conversations that give us only two information? Vic sells space toys (he likes to call them "cosmic space figures") and he is a caustic madman. This is an emblem of one of the two key issues with TWO HARBORS - all the talks. Did I say it again and say it again? we are dealing with a visual environment and filmmakers have to work harder to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but in general, the endless patter does not deal so much with the movie? especially if the dialogue is used as an exposure. Pretty much, all the conversations in the movie are long and useless of verbose. A notable example would be some scenes that make Vic trying to play alone as a search leader to get a discount at a store. He argues with the clerk back and forth and these scenes do not even advance on the plot a jot. This is the kind of thing that makes a 75-minute film feel a long time. The other problem with TWO HARBOR is the act. I may be a bit of a curmudgeon when it comes to performance in the movie, but I do not think there is a good excuse for not having good actors in your movies. Are there plenty of good actors out there, many of whom are willing to work on low-budget projects? even in Minnesota. Many directors avoid the importance of being able to act as secondary visual, but it is naive. In the narrative, alongside the story, nothing is more important than the act / show. If you do not think people telling you the story, your audience is lost. First of all, I thought Vculek was using non-actors, but as the film continued, I decided that community actors are probably actor type. It was not that they were uncomfortable in the room. It's about being very theatrical (that is, big). Granted, the best of the actors were the two leaders? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a young girl caught in Vic's extraterrestrial hunt. They seemed to have the most training, but they were still rough about the edges. The eccentricities they displayed seemed to be just surface-not from an organic place, real, inside. Mrs. Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. Surely he has a presence? a Midwestern charm about her, but that charism contradicts the multitude of issues she should have. She is struggling to portray the idiosyncrasies resulting from a supposed life of loneliness and (slave?) Work, relying on stock gestures such as eye rows, biting and stommering lips to suggest her discomfort to the outside world . I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO HARBORS is not completely worthless, and here's what I mean. Without giving too much, there is white fading with an hour in the film. After that, the story has an amazing twist that allows the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and straightforward? It's like a blow to the bowel of the sucker, but in a good way. It's almost an amazing relief to feel something after so long with these characters. The last five minutes of the movie have no dialogue and the result is the best part of the movie? subtle, detailed (Cole makes the best film work) and most importantly cinematic. Then with closing credits comes the most amazing revelation of all? that it is based on a true story that made me think. With all the dialogue, the minimal locations and the lack of cinematic qualities, I realized that with two actors with the ass kick and a re-writing, TWO HARBORS could make a real stage play? maybe even one act. If there are bold theater producers who read this, I definitely recommend you see if you can hold the movie and contact the director, Reel 13 or anyone. Could there be anything to this story after all? <br /> <br /> (For more information about this or any other Reel 13 movie, check out their site at www.reel13.org)
