Genghis Cohn is a British (very) funny film about a German police commissioner in the late 1950s who is haunted by the ghost of a Jewish comedian whom he killed 15 years ago while serving under Hitler in the SS. The Spirit returns and wants his murderer to live as a Jew to indulge in the crimes he committed. Otto, the German policeman actually knows the name of this ghost, because the last thing he did before he died was said, in Yiddish, "Kiss on my ass". The cop did not speak Yiddish, so he asked around until he found the point. "Kiss my ass" left an impression that everyone involved in this killing had learned and remembered the name of the comedian, Genghis Cohn. There are a lot of people killed in the jurisdiction of the police commissioner, and there are no useful clues. Men are killed with a set of knives missing from the local butcher. The butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to get a liver and onion sandwich, so the commissioner is a suspect. The first man is killed while making love to the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. But the butcher claims he will be very busy if he kills every man who slept with his wife. All people are killed immediately after the climax of love. I think I might be a little more frightening than Genghis Cohn's spirit if we were killed as if he were. Looks like he's really good on this, as if he were in a massive accident. I can only guess it's because it's a British film and they are known as a very polite people. He uses some of his material on his stand-up route, and it did not seem very funny to me. I gave this movie a 4, because it was just a kind of gossip. I thought it should have been a little worse than it was. The movie turns out to be a murder mystery (where did this come from?) And it seemed that Genghis should have been more useful than it was. The film gave me a tiny glance at Jewish culture, but it was only profound. Are all Jews loving liver and onion sandwiches? Will everyone say "shtoop" and "meshuganah" in their daily vocabulary? Are not there more important things that we should know about culture? I saw this movie at a Jewish community center in Berkeley, CA and we were the only person in the room whose hair was not completely gray or white. (I do not have white or gray hair.) There were 18 of us, and after the movie they stayed for about 20 minutes to discuss the movie. There were two main concerns expressed: 1. The film was too indiscriminate and future generations may not understand the gravity of what happened and 2. Once the Holocaust survivors have died, future generations will not know what really happened. I thought this second concern was ridiculous and I told them that I thought you did not have to worry because there are tons of literature there and there will always be people who like to watch movies like me. Killing 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will never be forgotten. Write this last paragraph because they gave me the task of telling others about my experience that day.
