Times are tough for Angel Town, gangs with iron fist, and for unknown reasons (mainly because of embarrassing writing) gangs want a street kid, Martine to join the gangs, so they beat him every day. However, due to the presence of an Olympic boxer (Olivier "the smallest actor in the world", Gruner) called Jacques, hope is on the way. Angel Town is seriously one of the most unequal message films ever made (and I've seen my side), it seems to be that all the gang-infested neighborhoods need, they are French boxers who can not act. The worst of all are so many strange moments is just really hilarious. The best of all comes from the exchange between Gruner and Aragon, which summed up how ridiculous this is. At Wit: "Do you like fighting?" (Olivier takes his best Asian friend in one head), could I just kill him? When I want him dead, he dies! The reason I do not want him dead is because I'm afraid of him, and I know if I kill him, his son and his wife will kill me, that's why she does not die! Of course, the fact that it is wrong to kill someone, not to mention your best friend, is of course abandoned from the equation. Odd. However, do not let me make this sound that I hated this movie, away from it, it is so terrible is useless. The biggest laugh comes at the end of the disastrous end, which shows that Grunner meets with the other member, who (the biggest logical discrepancy of the film) refuses to use the pistols. Also, a Vietnamese disabled veterinarian helps to shoot his guns in gangs, while Gruner knives the rest. All of this is based on the sound of horrific "Mexican" accents and surreal energy, which makes this memorable for movie-makers such as this. The other thing about this film is that for some reason Olivier Gruner never participates in college, despite the fact that this is the main reason he is here in the States and not in France, who deals with him with his girlfriend a cemetery at the start of the inconvenient movie) Angel Town is undoubtedly a failure at all imaginable levels, laughing at moronic martial arts movies with crazy levels of action that do not make sense on any level, this is the perfect movie for you. side, make sure that down tequila, such as opening funny funny details "There is no mercy in Angel Town" * 4- (Bad)
