Billy Chung Siu Hung's Love To Kill (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the most powerful products of the third category boom that lived in HK cinema in the early nineties. It consisted of movies with strong sex, nudity and violence, more or less free and only shocks. Love To Kill belongs to the "more" category, with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid disease. HH Psycho Anthony Wong (from "The Stuffed Story" by Herman Yau of the same year) plays a businessman and a husband who likes to torture, humiliate and rape young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung) who, for some reason, do not leave him and rescue them and their little son of distress. A policeman (Danny Lee, the famous police character actor in films such as Dr. Lamb (1992) by Billy Tang (co-directed by Lee) and The Killer (1989) by John Woo to name but a few) protects his wife and son, but Anthony does not like this at all and leads him all in the typical ultra-medium and graphic ending during a rainstorm. The film is almost complete, with no serious merit, because it's just a exploitation to make money when these movies were so popular. Images and happenings are never found in Western cinema, at least in the mainstream, and it all becomes even more terrifying when some / the most Western taboos, such as violence and perverts assisted by a child, are often broken in these films that reading only parcels would make the majority of viewers feel bad, and this is also good for this movie. The film still has a rather interesting and horrifying soundtrack in the tradition of Dr. Lamb who actually started the boom in 1992. Usually, the music and soundtrack in HK films is interesting and adds to the picture, especially in these terror films. Cinema is also worth mentioning as the film softens, especially in blue colors and camera lenses (as well as the Assassin), and the angry storm is captured nicely on the room. Otherwise, there is nothing to perceive the film anything other than the meter meter. Actresses and actresses are talented and professional, so do not make the film worse with their actors. However, the film has the usual humor of HK, which makes wandering even worse as a "humor" is thrown into soup. That includes some jokes about Danny Lee's erection and so on ... Something that could never be found in Western "serious" films. And this usually destroys otherwise HK movies to notice that humor is just such a obvious way and trying to entertain the audience and the masses. The film has a very high level of outrage because it has numerous scenes illustrating the abuse of Wong's wife in different ways. She is raped and molestated, beaten and hit by her husband. We also see some flashbacks from Wong's childhood, which turns out to be as violent as his father who killed too much and turned his son to what he is now. These retrospective scenes, especially at the end of the film, also include some unexpected experiences as imaging is accelerated (for example, blows of an ax) and creates a crazy and spiritual atmosphere. Again, something that only HK miners seem to be able to come up with. The end itself includes a lot of sudden and shocking gore, while the madman carries his ax and encounters nails, for example, in his angry way. The film is also really quite "suspicious" in my opinion because violence and terror are painfully realistic and deal with things that should NOT be taken as entertainment, especially rape. The version we saw (I saw two versions) includes a very long and very heavy rape scene that tries to be as sadistic as possible. I'm not sure HK audiences really like similar images, but I think no one with a sense of morality in movies / entertainment will ever accept something like that. Women are being brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and lower ways, so the fate of men seems almost exaggerated compared to females. The other version I saw, the new DVD released in HK (without subtitles) has this "table brutality" scene in much longer form than the subtitled Taiwanese DVD that is otherwise identical to the HK version. I also heard that the old HK Laserdisc is different from these two, and since the final credits are filled with scenes and images that are not found in the real movie, it's impossible to say how "uncorrected" are the versions that were released or shown are theatrical. Obviously, a lot of pictures have been cut, perhaps even before the release of the theater. The film is written by Law Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, the first to write films like Dr. Lamb, The Unntold Story and Gunmen (Kirk Wong, 1988), but from the other films I've seen, Love to Kill is the most free. Dr. Lamb and The Stunned Story are both very brutal and violent, but they also have some attempts to make some criticism of the authorities and men in general, how easy it is to turn yourself into a beast when you follow it or fight it . The delicate image of torture in the "Undefeated Story", the victim being a criminal, is very strong and certainly has its impact on changing something that could be rotten in society and among the police, for example. But there is nothing in the love of killing, it's just a sincere exploitation, calculated and accomplished over time, produced by a veteran director of Kirk "<br /> <br /> Love at Kill wins no more than 2 / (HK) Cinema is meant to be and can be more and movies like Love to Kill are just commercial parasites that live among the real pieces of art.
