Well, l would have lied to say that this could easily rival Spiderman or Batman movies. Still, it was more appealing to me because it is a moral value. I first bought VHS when my son was about 2 years old and immediately became his favorite. My wife and I have been upsetting with Robert Townsend and have been using credit cards since then to fund his first Hollywood Shuffle. True, he has to take advantage of the talents and knowledge of technical advisers to make movies more credible, but his films are still fun. Meteor Man offers a hero with a contemporary urban sense. I have always felt that if there were superheroes, they would not offer the same scenarios as the comics presented in the comic strip. Meteor Man is a realistic hero with real problems: a broken car, a bad neighborhood, local drug gangs that use children for distribution, etc. The purpose of his mission remained pretty much within the community. considered to be truly entertaining, apart from James Earl Jones's "Young For All", was how the neighborhood responded to its newly discovered powers. Not long before having a complete agenda for him, without him, of course. It was hilarious to hear that he offered them to borrow in other communities where their extended families lived. Yes, the plot was poor, the movie was predictable, there was a bad action and continuity was rotten, but it's # 1 with my children. Robert Townsend works to bring home movies to say so. I doubt he will really be recognized as a talented actor / producer / director that he really is, but they are and will always be the ones who love him for his efforts. A point of reflection is the movie, which I find funny: In the whole battle with Simon, nobody bothered to call the police ??? Also, what mother and father do you know that will follow their son fighting off a window? My mother would have been right there, throwing me beside me, toe-to-tee. Dad would have loaded the gun. lol <br /> <br /> Rent it and check it out. It is worth seeing at least once and well for those of you who are the fans of Sinbad, Luther Vandross, Bill Cosby, Big Daddy Kane, etc.
