Nothing is cool, hip or smart about this movie - he likes to reveal an ignorance of true art cinema. How can you forget so easily that the central truth of the whole movie is that these people are also hateful. . . SERIAL KILLERS! If you have to dismantle the total aliens to "be a family again", then we do not want to be "a family". What part of that you had trouble understanding? Why applaud this dirt? This crazy dirty is what you do if you can not make art! Head and life must be deeply empty to defeat this superficiality as "interesting." This is a brainless room. What really makes a great art work is profound, questioning the status quo from a knowledge-informed perspective of knowledge (or, in this case, knowing nothing would be preferable!). Instead, this is just a random encounter with the worst images available in a crisis world, thanks only to the glorified hollow horror as "cold because it's so far away, man!"). The same violent events in fact every day. I'm not "just in the movie." These refer to the real soulless people who would do the same things with YOU. Do you want to do those things? A child could have thought about it, he needed zero imagination, not surrealism. This lazy carp has no content, does not say anything - it's just the worst of the evening news, and does not say anything new, we do not know anything. She is "the new Emperor's clothes", the director hoping that there are enough children who are not proud, proud of their shot of inhumanity, so that this mess will not go into the air. Now I see Miike's dementia fans: teenage teenage teenage teens and twenty tattoo-covered teenagers with metal hanging holes perforated in their faces, their base of knowledge inversely proportional to their intelligence estimate. There is no PLOT in this sense - it's just a pure exploitation of shock violence. There is no "hidden meaning" anywhere in this bad film made. It's good to explore a movie to see if you can find cinematic devices that are artistically ingenious, but you can not find a hidden meaning if it does not exist! To do this, you must view and review a REAL movie. There is PLENTY there directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Ordet. Why do not you see a real art movie by those giants? This wannabe director, Miike, NEVER will make a film equal to one of the geniuses we just listed because he has no talent! Anyone could shoot together some chaotic nonsense like "Visitor Q." Teenagers could throw together this one afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no plot, nothing at all. There are long lists of ART movies to learn from - but THIS "Visitor Q" is NOT an art film in any respect. It has no content. It's just a trivial horror on another, and the point of remembering this terrible crime is that those things every day anywhere in the world. I'm not fine because I'm "just in the movie." These refer to the real soulless people who would do the same things with YOU. Do you want to do those things? For others? Why? Because this world is already quite ugly, thanks to people who are thinking about terrible events like this. <br /> <br /> There are many artistic movies out there to use your mind to deconstruct, but you lose your talents with this piece of nonsense. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; why continue to try? I spent almost 40 years watching virtually every single movie ever made and taking into account all the new ones, but I have never seen something disgustingly meaningless. It's not imaginative or even shocking, because these types of events happen every day around the world. To make this movie, or even to favorably review, caused over 50 young airheads who do not know better to think it is "cool". He might grow up thinking that by persuading others some of them could do that - the convicted murderers often reveal how they started this way, being desensitized against the horror of this awful inhumanity. Trust me in this, I know it's cool and I've changed my mind. Visitor Q has the FEEL of a genuine SNUFF film and I'm still not sure it's actually not. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already pretty awful. Some violence like this could happen to you or the irresponsible social director who gave up this FAKE artwork. Believe me, you will not think it's "cool" when someone cuts your skull by half!
