(BIG SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike movie, and that was the very disturbing and brutal "audition" that was an examination of the Japanese ideals of femininity! In "Q Visitor" - which I think means "Visitor's Question" - he examines, in a very blatant way, the unity of the family. Mihai's surreal vision of a dysfunctional family is almost trying to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and filming, but ultimately he lacks style and intrigue. We, the audience, are presented in a bizarre scene of scenes from the opening scene with the father figure (Kenichi Endo, who was actually pretty good), and you pay for sex with his transformed daughter Fujiko. Then, as the father returns home, he is hit on the head by a "visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) with a fairly large stone and, for some reason, both get back to the family home. Mom (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and harassed by his son (Jun Muto), who is also beaten and assaulted by his colleagues. When the visitor enters the house, he installs himself in a dangerous situation as part of the unit. Finally, the family begins to improve their relationship with the visitor's assistance, milking breasts, killing and retaining a sense of family pride. And there are other crazy scenes that somehow approach the family. He has uncomfortable humor, but he is just as frustrating of stupidity, and top in his oddity. There is a necrophilic scene that is absolutely disgusting, but it ends up funny as fun as the scene progresses. Partly because of the situation itself and in part because you can not believe that filmmakers and actors do that! The style of the film is the least poor, and the story is bad and incredibly poor. Characters themselves are everywhere, and although I understand that this is not meant to be realistic, there is no interest in these characters and situations that are facing as they all limit themselves to absurdity! The work on the camera is negligent and does not have that cinematic feel that Lynch's work implies. It's hard to take this movie seriously at a surrealistic level or on an interpretation of examining the family unit in Japan. It seems Miike was about to shock, and the movie seems to be aware of the fact that he's trying to be shocking and it's almost comic to be taken seriously. Overall, I would say that this movie is a bizarre comedy but looks and feels amateur and seems unnecessary to shock. Miike's previous movie, "Audition," was perfectly balanced between disgusting horror, character development and technique - which caused more intrigue in the way the movie was made to allow the spectator to get involved in the plot. "Q Visitor" is a step down because he is trying too much to be unusually bizarre and deliberately confronted without really having much to say in this process! <br /> <br /> ** from *****!
