I should have said it was a bit embarrassing for "King Cowboys"; made in 1948, the film came out a decade after Roy Rogers's first pictures, starring in the lead. Roy's character is unleashed as a cock in this film, alongside his female co-star Jane Frazee, who alternates the alliance between Roy and Robert Livingston portraying Bill Regan. The whole story seems crazy, with lost occasions for what could have been a fun hour. Like the legend of "Hangman Hotel," for example, which says the hangman comes at midnight. With Andy Devine in the distribution as Cookie Bullfincher, you'd think the story would get a mile out of that. Instead, you have some complicated procedures that would have been better served if it were a Bowery Boys hit. It was a sad attempt at a haunted hotel trick that relied on poor old Genevieve, who is said to be the truth, who ended up winning more time than Trigger, who has the contract as "The Worst Horse in the Movies, He had nothing to say about getting a mule up. And then you have Foy Willing and Purple Sage Rider to replace Bob Nolan and the Sons of Pioneers for your musical interlude. I do not know about you, but he was already half in the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady - well! <br /> <br /> However, there was another interesting feature that could have been found here if you looked pretty hard, and it turned out to be Roy's discovery of Trigger while he was on the trail of the bad guys. OK, it was probably a double stunt, but I have not seen it before some two hundred Westerners. Jane Frazee makes the honors as the female lead in this picture, as she would do in four other films against Roy between 1947-1948. In "Under California Stars", she appeared as the cousin of Andy Devine, properly called Caroline Bullfincher. You are never convinced by what party he will come to this story, though, since he has begun to pretend to be a person he does not, and he turns around on the near almost accidental side. <br /> <br /> The fans of the old Laurel and Hardy films could be as surprised as when I saw James Finlayson here as the sheriff of Sintown. I would have liked a little more comedy writing relief in his role, but he played quite right after all. I had to wonder when he was everywhere, why he and the old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) were locked up with Cookie when there was no reason for that. Just a way to close it, I think, with the same thinking as in the rest of the picture. I do not like being so harsh, but if you've seen enough Roy Rogers moves, you have to know that it was not one of his best efforts. Tell her, Sintown - I wonder if this is the same place that grew up to be Sin City?
