Here are the matches. . . (Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): The Axis is the first to go in a few seconds when Warrior throws it (4 - 3 warriors). I knew Ax was not a healthy man, but if he were so foolish to bother him on the card? This would be his last PPV. Finally, both Legion of Doom and Demolition works cheaply by double disqualification (2-1 adv. Warriors). Perfectly apply Perfect Plex on Texas Tornado for pine. Then he tries the same at Warrior, but Warrior does not sell it and kicks. The warrior returns with a splash to cover the Perfect and become the only survivor. The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and Hart Foundation v Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, partner of mystery and rhythm and blues): The mysterious partner is The Undertaker and on his debut it makes Koko's impact immediately disappear with The Tombstone (Monsoon still manages to say that the correct height, weight and finish is moving as he pretends he does not know who he is), making him a 4-6 Dibiase team. pins (3-3) and his WWF career ended. Shortly afterwards, Niedhart is Dibiase's victim with the help of Virgil (Dibiase's 3-2 attorney's team) .- Hook the top rope, but not He leaves Brother Love quietly, and Undertaker goes after Dusty and becomes named despite the fact that he is not the legal person (Dibiase's Team 2-1 plane.) Almost immediately, Greg is caught in a swing of Hart, He puts the figure on four legs on him and catches himself. He goes to Hart v D ibia and after a few minutes of beautiful fights, Bret makes his Dibiase reversed body cross the pine. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart is put into use. Vickers ("Rake", "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) V Visionaries (Rick Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): After spending some time in the ring, Marty Jannetty receives Warlord's power when he comes off rope upper rope (4-3 adv.). Snuka is fixed in seconds by Martel, who reverses his body cross (4-2 visual planes). Michaels is caught in Power Plex and caught by Roma (4-1 visionary avians). Now is Roberts against four men who resemble the Survivor series two years ago. Despite having hit Warlord with DDT, Roberts took part in the pursuit of Martel. Visionaries are the first team in the history of the Survivor Series to survive completely as one. It's hardly worth paying attention to being honest, because psychology is rushed. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, Hacksaw Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): A Slam bossman eliminates Haku early in the 4-3 fight . Hulkamaniacs). Duggan takes 2 to 4 after hitting the earthquake with him to get disqualification (3-3). Bravo is committed to commit suicide shortly thereafter, allowing Hogan to cede him for pine (3-2 Hulkamaniacs). The earthquake succeeds to overcome Bossman with two drops of elbow for his short leg afterwards (2-2). Hogan beats and finally Tugboat receives a tag (who knew he was there at the moment), fighting for 30 seconds before being counted with the earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian left. The barbarian makes a pleasant crime, but inevitably he is trapped in his feet and standing for the pine. Hogan is the only survivor. Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) in Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanars wore camouflage paint. Rapid firing here with Santana Pinning Zhukov in his last PPV in a few seconds (4-3 adv. Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik confrontation. Bushwhackers hit Sato with The Battering Ram, although Tanaka was the legal person (4-2 adv. Alliance) and would be his latest appearance at WWF PPV as The Orient Express to be repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana kills him with his flying arm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Despite the fact that Slaughter has reached the ring against four men, he eliminates Volkoff (who is his career after), Butch and Luke in that order with ease. Eventually, Santana beats Slaughter by disqualification when General Adnan hits him with the Iraqi flag. Finally, some interesting reservations even if the game was terrible. Santana takes the upset victory as a unique survivor and becomes his last most beautiful hour. 3/10 <br /> <br /> The explosion of eggs and Hector Guerrerro are in a bad costume. He dances with Gene Okerlund and is defeated by the crowd, while Piper and Monsoon claim to enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Match of Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana in Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick's "Martel" and "Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Only another such elimination catalog be Santana Pins Warlord in a matter of seconds, with the flight of at least taking revenge for Summerslam's previous defeat (4-3 Dibiase's team). Power Plex and continues to occupy Rome after a line of clothing, effectively destroying Power and Glory's push (Dibiase's 3-2 team). Hogan eliminates Martel by counting and Dibiase with his legs (team 2-1 from his team Hogan) Hogan eventually allows Warrior in the game that quickly dispenses with the former Nemesis Hercules after a sprinkling A very predictable ending to the point of nausea 2/10 <br /> <br /> In general, too many matches and too few they had obviously a damaging effect, as fighters almost waited on a conveyor belt to be fixed. Most of the heels were decimated by Warrior and Hogan, which is a poor way to cope with a large number of fighters.
