I came out of this movie with the feeling that it could have been a lot better. Instead of what should be a tight and tense story of the boy's struggle for survival in the wilderness, she is unleashed, while the National Geographic documentary meets with Columbia. The film begins with Brian (Jared Rushton) preparing for a plane trip to see her father. His mother, unfortunately, gives him the curious choice of a hatchet as a gift of departure (which is wrong with a Cub Rubik?), Little knowing how severely she will soon need. Once in the air, the airplane pilot (blinking and letting go to Ned Beatty) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving Brian helpless when the plane crashes into a lake. Extremely lucky to travel (or rather swim), practically unbelievable, Brian has to find shelter, food and hope for salvation. Here is the main issue with the movie. From the very nature of Brian's loneliness, Jared has very few lines of speech, so the film should have compensated by rattling the tension of each scene. Instead, he is shown walking, sitting around and so on, with a minimal sense of danger. As a result, too much confidence is put on the flashbacks of parents' troubled marriage as a source of tension. These scenarios are limited and do not add too much to the story. And worse, occasionally Jared? his face covered with mud - allows a primary or two scream, which evokes the unfortunate parallel with the "Predator". Speaking unhappily, we could have been able to be spared by his eyes, but I probably helped him keep it warm at night. Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in a totally inefficient performance as a mother. Both herself and her father have a very small impact on the film. For example, we never show how he responds to the news of Brian's disappearance, how he could organize rescue attempts, and so on. This is just a source of tension that the filmmakers would have done well to explore, instead of spending so much time on the events that happened before Brian embarked on his trip.
