Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the most entertaining women who participated in Saturday Night Live. It is regrettable that they, together with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, have been on SNL in the longest period of unfortunate writing and sketching (around 2002-2006) the show ever had. However, these two women know especially what is funny and know how to write a funny movie. You will see in the credits of this film that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki have written the story for "Spring Breakdown," but who wrote the real script, dialogue and all the important filming material that makes a story in a multidimensional movie? Yeah, just Shiraki. Only one guy wrote the dialogue for this movie and no woman wrote the screenplay with him. The result is a fairly cliche spring film that does not excuse so much the faux holiday as far as it exploits as much as MTV every year. If Dratch, Poehler, and even co-star Parker Posey could have brought his manuscript script, it would have been far less clichés. The premise is original, with around three thirty women not popular in high school (and perhaps college) who have never had the fun spring fun they were supposed to have dreamed of. I say "supposed", because you never know what fun is for these characters. They have entered talent performances in the past, where they sing eternal pro-female hymns like "true colors" and spend their nights together with pizza-making parties. Even if none of them is particularly attractive, the outside world seems to treat them the way they are. There is a scene where a Poehler's blind student (played by Poehler's husband, Will Arnett) asks her at a meeting just to touch her face and change her mind immediately. If Poehler's character had to be unattractive, they obviously engaged the wrong actress. The film continues to show a promise, even if we have doubts about the main characters, when Posey's head, Texas Senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as ever) hires Posey to oversee his unpopular college age daughter Amber Tamblyn, still playing a woman who is attractive in real life, but not in the eyes of any character in this movie) goes to a Laguna Beach vacation spot for the Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch are coming along, brave parties, as if they were supposed to have when they were in college, and then came the last showdown with Sophie Monk's sorry puppies. Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman with a body of both women and men who would kill for various reasons. Unfortunately, her film career is about to start with a movie "Date Movie" (2006) and a disappointing "Click" (2006). Here she plays a southern belle, though her voice seems to have stolen Delta Burke's voice box. She feeds a little too much, trying too much to play a convincing bitch that she is as much a cartoon of the children spoiled by college as the rest of the excerpt. released directly on DVD, despite Amy Poehler's star power, but rightly because the story is too cliché. It may have been called the Lampoon National Breakdown Spring, and the magazine might not have sued for trademark infringement due to free advertising. If Shiraki director had given at least one woman the creative contribution, especially Rachel Dratch, this movie would have been great and it was not nearly as fleeting as the frat-house comedy I'd seen before. I know Dratch will come up with another funny concept and hopefully he will be allowed to complete the script himself. It's quite funny and worth more than half-baked comedy that would accept Stiffler's brother with open arms.
