This was marked by the potentially wonderful matches being cut very short. The opening match was a waste of the Doom Legion, but I think the only way it could have been eliminated by the Demolition was a double-DQ. Otherwise, Mr. Perfect would have to pay overtime. Kerry von Erich, champion I-C, was wasted here. And this was the third ppv in a row where it was the perfect place. Remember, before he never missed a match. The second match was very good, probably the best of the night. Ted DiBiase and Undertaker were excellent, while Jim Neidhart had one of the most important moments of WWF, putting Honky Tonk Man. Koko B. Ware has continued his tradition of being the first to put on a new heel (remember Big Bossman and Yokozuna?). This was Bret Hart's prefiguring Bret Hart's singles career when he returned from two to one and almost survived the match. He and DiBiase put on a fight clinic, making us forget that the game's playing point was boring DiBiase with Dusty Rhodes. Even though Visionaries were the first team to survive all of its members (and only the second of '87 to have four survivors), this game was not a squash. This was the longest match of the evening, and Jake repeated the performance of '88 when he was left alone against four men and dominated. I think he could actually hurt himself. These days, the game would have ended the other way round. One of the shortest SS games was also one of the most surprising. Perhaps the most undervalued fighter, Tito Santana was the inspired night fighter, putting on war paint and capturing Boris Zukhov, Tanaka and even Warlord in the final survival match. It was so strange to see him pass over him so overwhelming, then he went back into his mediocre career. Sgt. Slaughter also did well by releasing Volkoff and Bushwhackers, but that was not a surprise. That was it. I think the only point of the survival match was that Hogan and Warrior would win together at the end. This show was boring and the matches were too small for stature. Undertaker's debut was great, but Tito Santana is the reason I will remember this.
