I have never read Gary Paulsen's novel, Hatchet, for which "A Cry in the Wild" is his adaptation, so I can not make any comparison with the book. However, I will say that, as a film on its own, adaptation or no adaptation, it was an underdeveloped adventure that does not provide major explanations about its few characters. Think of "A Wildlife Murder" "as a less luxurious climbing, adolescent (was Quincy, California the only place she was filmed in)" Cast Away. "Jared Rushton is Brian Roebson, aged 13 year-old who heads for a small plane to visit his father until the craft collapses over a desolate mountain land, leaving the child locked up for a while and who has to defend itself. <br /> There are basically three The next third of the movie (which really consumes almost all of the movie) is Brian's " "These scenes do not contain stunning actions, nothing spectacular, except for beautiful beautiful cinematography of a beautiful Yukon landscape. Nothing to get you moving without real encounters (except for a fierce confrontation with a chicken) and without major dilemmas to initiate a kind of pleasure or connection with the character on the screen. You may even feel bored with the passing of time when we assist Brian to handle his situation by primitive means and then better (using instruments, etc.) to survive. It's more like the usual time it takes if you were stuck in the situation, and that's pretty much about it. In other words, they did not put flesh on Paulsen's words when they translated them into a visual environment. And, of course, the third part of the movie is saving it. <br /> <br /> There is a subplot that continually aims to become known during this period. A conflict between Brian and his parents created a rocky and strange relationship between them. However, for the most part, it is only explained in short, intermittent, minimal interviews that look more like a back story for a musical video. Any minute, the Jefferson Starship singer, should start singing "Sara". Apart from what the spectator can draw from or may guess for his own need to fill the gaps in the narrative, we get a fairly underdeveloped story that was probably necessary to enjoy at least part of this film and for to create a relationship with characters, whether or not related to Brian's survival adventure in the third part of the movie. These are the flaws in the narrative that, through the viewer, are in stupor, while he strives to find out what those people are doing on this screen, and for me almost they have made it to the point of screaming on television say something and tell me more! <br /> <br /> It certainly was not a good adventure story for me. But for the fans of Jared Rushton, it was one of the last films he made. So, just look for nostalgia, if nothing else.
