Another great star, another set of charm, another reputed director, another hit full of songs that fit into the buster chart, but unfortunately what is missing at the end of the day is a story that each filmmaker expects from a budgeting so big. So much hype is what's hiding around the movie before it's the "Red Carpet Award." A hype that went to an extent where Anil Kapoor predicts the movie will be one of the most beautiful love stories ever made after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge Well, Anilji, what movie did you talk about? Well, the plot of the film is about 6 different couples and 12 different people who have a completely different position than life but despite their different approach we all have a common problem, that it's LOVE, indeed, a thrilling theme. But we would have expected the movie to be a boredom to allow the discouragement of the last expectation that the audience would have in This is a multi-starter movie. These are some movies I'm upset about because after spending a buck of money for a multiplex ticket, I'm stuck in the theater for 4 hours, waiting for The problem starts right from the beginning. The director becomes so confused with the plot that somewhere, even he becomes limp about how time division is divided into six different diffusions. Some couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan - (Who is the opposite woman) have no meaning for their existence in the movie. Salman (who is called Rahul in a strange manner for the whole movie. Well, something like Rahoooooool), as usual, tries to be extra cool with his Hindu vides. Hei Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, at least go get an advice from Abhishek to improve your acting skills. A simple stripper would not make the movie hit every time. And Anilji no longer see your beard or you look completely like a eunuch. The fact that a daughter of your daughters seems to be inappropriate to see Jack Nicholson in a romantic film. And please Nikhilji avoids putting such unnecessary scenes into a movie that is not absolutely necessary for the shot. The other bigger flaw in the movie was that there was no perfect synchronization between stories of different couples. Each story itself looks as if it were taken from different movements, put together to form a sadistic plot of Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood has to learn more from movies such as Snatch, Memento where the director knows the perfect art of dealing with different unrelated sequences to form a perfect story. film reviews someone predicted that the movie would not do good because the title of this movie is added to number 28, and 28 is considered a bad number in Numerology. But I totally take my position saying that the film will fail not from its numbering defects but from the myriad of flaws that persist in the film. And when the director like Nikhil Advani can make such major mistakes throughout the story of the movie, any miracles would not have saved the movie from bombings at the Box Office. My suggestion to all of you is to avoid watching this movie at any cost. It does not deserve a payment you pay for the ticket. There are indeed better films on theater screens that are now worth watching more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
