After seeing only half of the movie in school in November, I saw today that he was on the Flix channel and decided to look at him to see the rest and write a new review of it. <br /> <br /> The book on which the film is based, Hatchet, is fine. This is a terrible adaptation of his, though. Terrible (and I mean terrible), stupid dialogue and medium cinema is this terrible adaptation of Hatchet. starts from Brian, which is the cliché image of an 80-year-old teenager (sporting a man, hitting his head in 80s rock music) and his mother driving in a car to get on an airplane to fly to see his father or his parents divorced ... now he is heading for a dramatic break.) Now Brian greeted his mother and dog and flies to his father. The pilot is a fat, ugly, rude man (not so in the book) who, after 2 minutes in the air, has a heart attack and dies. There are more details in the book with the pilot experiencing more pain and it seems to have been in the air much longer before the pilot has a heart attack. The plan (in the next two minutes) left empty on the fuel (leaving us, the spectators, supposed to have been there for hours, even if the sun did not change its position and the landscape looks exactly the same.) Now crashed landed. <br /> <br /> This is the point in the movie where everything is very different from the one in the book. In the book he said that his jacket was broken into pieces, but in the movie is perfectly good, without tears or rips (apparently just bought), never said he climbed the mountain, saw a wolf and slept there on the mountain, he never said he was attacked by a bear (he said a lot, but not a bear), never said he was eating the few bugs he did, never mentioned the one two tornadoes or that he learned to get those sparrows, skin them and eat them, or that little fish trap that he does (destroyed by one of the tornadoes), or even tell him he hurts his ribs from one from tornadoes. <br /> <br /> You do not really think you can name what was described in the movie as a tornado. All it was was a storm that struck a few of his things. My favorite part of this fest camp was Brian's flashbacks (which are never mentioned in the book), especially the scene of Brian's awakening cliché, walking up to the window and seeing his father (with all his stuff packed that can fit perfectly just behind his truck) leaving and shouting "DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDD !!!!" (of course, his father did not hear him, even if he was just outside) and punched his fist through the window (wtf?) The end is the only thing that is close to what happened in the book (I said almost.) In the book I think one of the key things that the rescue pilot told Brian when he landed was "you're the baby they were looking for!", yet they left that line in the movie. There is a pathetic epilogue with Brian (somewhat without counseling or therapy), going back to normal with his family. I think we should suppose they meet for Thanksgiving (because they had a turkey on the counter). Then he shows him the temporary house (for what, in the film, it looked like three days, but in the book was for several months) and his bar, still in a tree in which he left it (also did not happen in the book), showing where he carved a message so perfectly made: "HOME" (where we really should have believed that he carved that no citation can write this movie better than when Enid of the Ghost World said "It is so bad that it has gone well and has returned to the worst." A perfect description of this film I would not recommend someone (who did not read the book) and just looking to watch a movie, not even me someone who reads the book (because they will be disappointed and bored to death.) For those who have read the book, leave what created your imagination as the movie, this is terrible and will bring your thoughts to your book. <br /> 1/10
