Six for the price of one! So it's a bonanza for Cinegoers. It is not like that? Here are not one, not two, but all the love stories, an ensemble of the top stars of the Bollywood, plus all the stories of the genre of your favorite top favorites Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You will see any type of love story you liked or better tolerated for years. So it's not a big deal for you. Do you need anything more than that? No, sir, thank you. Why sir? That's enough. Please spare us. They have signed every top star they can sign, whether or not they are needed, so they can make a star circle, believe it or not. Too crowded Everything described here is exactly how it is prescribed in the Bollywood manual of romance. In addition, you need to justify the length of each story, each with stars. Therefore it is too long - three hours plus. The bands are filmed. Characters are movies. Problems, barriers, situations, resolution? did you guess good, again? filmed-tried and tested. The same hundred dancers dancing in backgrounds in colorful costumes. Why do not they have something else to do? All couples are sweet, kind of story, perfect picture. Everything is good. Every story that begins in a perfect way and should therefore also end in the impossible impossible way? Too accidentally. You can not connect to a single story. Here you have everything you've seen a million times. The abnormal falsified, unreal, escapist scriptures considered normal for more than a hundred years since the evolution of this Indian cinema. What a mockery of the sensibilities of today's audience? Yeah, it could have worked like a parody if it just paid tribute to love - stories before, but even if that thing is not explored. At least, the director of Nikhil Advani would have had to try an unconventional, unconventional love story, but then what would happen to the tradition of living up to the Bollwood scoffing blueprint? Oh! Someone has to go on, no. Imagine that, on the one hand, the audience finds it difficult to be in such a love story and here we have six times the pain. I mean miserable six stories. I want to say twice the fun of Chopra's Mohabbatein (Year 2000) At this age and time, you get real, boys. Now we are desperate to see some people who are not so colorful and not so brilliant stories Oh, what did you say right now - come on, that's the entertainment. My advice, please do not miss the time to read such reviews from now on. Go for more entertainment! Thank you.
