Who are these "them" - the actors? directors? Surely it could not be the audience - this is one of the most productive aerospace exits. Is it a kind of movie that looks like a lot of fun to shoot ?? Equally entertaining, no one is doing any actual work done, and this almost always makes for a movie that's not fun to look at. Ritter wore glasses so he could knock his character status home as Bogdanovic's doppleganger; the scenes with cute Mrs. Stratten are sweet, but they have a shame that I feel in front of them. Ben Gazzara arranges the usual smile of cats in the unnecessary attempt to pick up the poor parcel that asks him to follow Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic. Meanwhile, the respective children (the nepotism alert: Bogdanovich's daughters) were nice and showed some pretty disturbing clues about "love" while they saw their parents. (Mrs. Hepburn, based on her dignity, manages to rise above the process - but has a monumental challenge to play, obviously). Everyone looks great, but what? It's a movie and we can wait so long, if that's what you're looking for, you'd better take a copy of Vogue. Oh, and it has to be mentioned that Colleen Camp totally disturbed, even outside of her singing, which, while she is competent, is not at all convincing ... the country and the western numbers are inconsistent with the standards on the soundtrack. Of course, this is not what Gershwin had in mind (who wrote the play from which the title of the film is derived); his stage musicians in the 20's may have been mild, but at least they have long been in charm. "Everybody laughed" tries to deviate from his good intentions, but no one - at least, Peter Bogdanovich - has a good sense to put the brakes on. Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovic - he even bought it from his producers, then split it on his own and went bankrupt when it was not popular. His ups and downs are among the most sympathetic and tragic of Hollywood stories, so there's no joy in criticizing the movie ... there's a real emotional investment in Mrs Stratten's scenes. But "Laughter" is a weak echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - after "Daisy Miller" and "At Last Love" PB never appeared. Still, the movie is harmless, just a waste of hiring. I want to look at people who feel good, I go to the park on a sunny day. For expressions of joy and love, I will stay at Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
