This is a sad movie made for sad people. I was in theaters that broke my hair outside, wanted to break the seats in front of me, while the movie spits a scene that cracks after another. And there were people who laughed with laughter behind me, which made me wonder what kind of movies these people should watch to enjoy this horse. Nikkhil Advani has six stories without any plot and no interesting characters. The script is boring, probably he was drunk when he wrote this movie. There is no strong effect on any of these stories. Nothing new, nothing to keep the audience full of dialogues you'd heard a million times before. One of the stories is that this couple can not have sex because of the series of disasters that happen every time they want to do it. I mean seriously is this really necessary story? It's not funny, not creative, it just proves that Advani does not make sense of comedy. Another story (which was probably the only story I'm interested in) is based on the infidelity of a man and ending in a bad old old sati-savitri pati-parmeshwar. I have no idea what it was about the Salmaan-Priyanka plot. There was no problem in the plot to make it a plot. Can not take Karan Johar's film because he has to marry Salmaan? Why can not he marry him and take the movie? or whether Advani and Priyanaka just want to demonstrate to the world that it is actually true that female actors can not be successful if they are married or should not act in movies once they are married? With six actors in the film, the film Advani would produce the film alone. So he uses full sponsors such as the Times group, shamefully promoting their Filmfare magazines. And also some jewelry brands that women in the movie absolutely seem to adore! I came to IMDb to get the worst rating and am shocked to see the films that appreciate the movie. It's just about showing the sad state of bollywood and the way the star hit the fans. With such fans, movies like Salaam E Ishq will continue to be made and, worse, they will probably be a hit.
