There are many problems with Salaam-e-Ishq of Nikhil Advani. A one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in an earlier English film - Love Actually) is due to a terrible mistake due to insufficient and superficial writing. A well-intentioned idea becomes crushed in front of the stones under the weight of its own giant ambition. A director so completely sharpened by his first very applauded film is going overboard with the devices that worked in his previous movie (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try counting how often the shielding device is used in this movie. The problem is - what worked fabulously in Kal Ho Na Ho were the emotional excesses of Karan Johar's shooting school, but here, "emotion" does not behave with the appearance on the screen - not even cursive. The writer / director gives us "six relationships with a common problem - love," but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the "emotion"? A "tribute to love" of emotion? And one that goes on and on ...... No, it can not work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for a film porting it to work is that not only every individual story should be 'complete', it should - in one way or another - follow the chart of the three-act traditional structure (screen writing guru, Sydney Field paradigm). That's the real reason Salaam-e-Ishq did not work for me. None of the stories had any depths or a roller coaster ride of emotional ups and downs that are expected in the main Hindu cinema. Also, the connection between some stories seemed insufficient and very forceful. It is not clear what Salman Khan does at Ayesha Takia's wedding. If she had to be present at the wedding for a clean look, why not coincide with more coincidences and bring the other two couples to the wedding? This would be cleaner. But yes, some stories had a lot of promises. For one, Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla's story attempts to address a very real situation - a crisis in the middle of life, but his journey is so linear that you are not asked if it really was a problem. Similarly, the issue of engagement in the Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia story is also true for life. If only it was developed slightly better. I felt that the more promising stories of this mish-mash were said from the point of view of men, which is good, but it brings down the emotional coefficient of these stories, because the female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia in particular - the depth of a half-filled bath. Was not this movie supposed to be about "12 different lives"? Now the actors. John Abraham still needs to learn to act, while Vidya Balan is delightful and coveted as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a writing role for him only, but sometimes overlaps the boredom of his character. Since she has not received a meat character to perform, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover herself. Akshaye Khanna is all right despite the fact that she's going in a little bit of a scene. Ayesha Takia has nothing to do but she reminds us she's the same girl who surprised us with the brave performance in Dor. Govinda tries to solve this gross mistake called Bhagam Bhag and succeeds greatly. This brought me the most irritating melody of the movie (which ends in an unimaginable way to the peak of screen time) Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is irritating mainly because of them. But I have to credit them for their coherence. I am constantly BAD throughout the film. Priyanka might be the next queen of hamming - I do not buy nonsense that her role (that of a "little girl") has asked her to act on top. Someone should tell him the difference between being flamboyant, because character requires it and a right blow. If you saw Rakhi Sawant (who seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in her interviews and Bigg Boss you will know what I mean. I firmly believe that if Nikhil Advani had taken Rakhi Sawant into this role rather than a bigger star than Priyanka, the story would have worked better. Salman Khan's fake accent is ... well, Shannon Esra's Hindi is less accentuated than Salman. To be fair with the director, he manages to add some good director films to the film. I really liked the use of gray as the predominant color in Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla's story as a metaphor of their dull existence and the bright colors that enter the story with the other woman coming. But will anyone choose to paint their house in a variety of shades of gray? Acceptable kinematics allowed. But when the movie is running for almost four hours, almost as if the director is trying too hard to give the audience a glimpse of his "touch" in an endless assemble of uninspired sequences. Perhaps Nikhil Advani wants us to be in the theater for as long as it is possible from a human point of view - the skein of the nakin, kal ho na ho.
