"Baptists at our barbecue" is the best movie ever made. Now that I have drawn your attention to that inaccurate horrible assertion that should be a hanging offense if it is, allow me to begin the short presentation of this insulting, insulting, offensive, pretentious and dull map. I think you could consider a movie. First of all, the low budget of this stinker is absolutely evident on the basis of Christian Vuissa's very poor and inexperienced direction, as well as the frighteningly predictable, tortured and steady scenario of F. Mathew Smith. I really despise the fact that it sends a very proverbial and a kind of message against any other religion. Yes, the story is about a small half-full Mormon town and half full of Baptists. It shows that all the main characters and role models are Mormon, being so cute and perfect, yet they are taken over by evil, convinced and very judged Baptists. It shows how beautiful the Mormons are and how good they are with cold and ignorant hearts, instead of showing some solidarity as if they were right and realistic. I am a part of any religion (I am actually an atheist), but this offended me, along with other countless Baptists, most likely. It shows that Baptists are very unobstructed and blind to Mormons, and Mormons are highly accepted, when again, in reality, there is a mutual resemblance / contempt among them. Sorry, I did not want to go to a guitar. Another aspect of the "Baptists at our barbecue", which I did not care much about, was the actor. The shows are very amateur and unnatural, especially from Heather Beers. Miss Beers pushes her way through her side with no passion or sense of her role, and I did not get too impressed with Dan Merkley, who is the main character in this movie, but I have to say he's much more talented or shows more talent in this movie, then Heather Beers. Whoever played the sheriff in the city was also terrible. Although there is a little laugh in the film, it is full of cliches. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds consolation with a native American who always gives him the best advice on things related to a tribal lifestyle - such as the cliché? To make the situation even more of a pathetic cliché, Tartan buys the poor, the only pagan dog puppy. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay as far from the "Baptists at our barbecue" as you can. I saw her on the shelf and I realized he would be a nice and interesting indie about religion. All I got was a piece of nonsense. Grade: D- <br /> <br /> my rating guide - A + (absolutley without flaw); A (a masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (high); B (very good); B- (good); C + (a mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutley horrendous); F (not a redemption quality in this piece of Hollywood feces).
