The concept of this horror movie made for television is absurd beyond words, but hey, it was the late 1970s, and literally, all terrible horror formations were pretty profitable, so why not exploit the idea of ​​a satanic dog? The "Devil Dog" field is easy to describe to fans of horror genre: Just think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn boy with a German shepard chicken nest! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's about the movie! During the opening session, members of a kind of Satanic cult buy a female dog in heat only to impregnate Satan himself. You would think that Lord of Darkness has other things in his mind than to celebrate with a German Shepard and take the world to a bad puppy at that moment, but apparently not. Just like the little Damien in "The Omen," one of the chicks is taken by the model family and grows to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But Lucky? that's the name of the dog? is a pure evil and liquidates annoying neighbors and school teachers endowed in ways traditionally derived and executed. He also provokes the malignant nature of his wife and family children, but can not force his father (Richard Crenna) to catch his arm in a lawn mower because he is "chosen". Everything becomes too moronal for the words when Crenna finally travels to Ecuador to look for an old wall painting and receives advice from an old wizard who speaks perfect English. I think he learned he lives in isolation on a mountain, all his life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's the problem with Helen," "Ruby") and actor Richard Crenna ("Wait until dark," "Evil") are desperately trying to create a tense and mysterious atmosphere, but everything is in vain. Scenes like nice puppy eyes spontaneously trigger the fire of a Spanish girl or a dog throwing bullets without moving, avoid chuckles instead of fears and even scary music misfortunes may have chances. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially when the end comes when the Satan dog turns into a shadow completely shaded on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really bad movie, but it's certainly hilarious to look late at night with some friends and a lot of alcoholic beverages. There are short entertaining shorts of Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the queen of terrifying cult and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as a seller of fruit, vegetables and puppies. And, yes, that annoying daughter is the kid that blows away and complains about ice cream in Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13".
