As expected, a Mazursky movie made in the 1970s would be counter-culture, sympathetic to the hippie - and will have a lot of hippies in it - and of course, it's childish anti-authoritarian (for example, the Mexican scene when Sutherland provokes a habitual officer, showing little respect and then accusing the latter of making him open his luggage just because he (Sutherland) has long hair. The steady left dowels might have found my nerves if I had not been prepared for it beforehand, Sutherland thinks hard about his family and friends about possible film ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas refer either to blacks or to Indians (there is no need to say he would be welcomed with open arms in today's Hollywood.) One of his ideas about movies is about a black revolt in Beverly Hills - a so-called war-like war in the middle of L. This is a kind of crap that Mazursky believes when writing scenarios for his films. Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hippie friends are having fun with this premise of the black revolution, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; a little later, the Jewish guy makes a crack on Sutherland making a movie about "masturbation and the black matter," when the latter starts talking about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's older daughter performs some PC nonsense on stage with his white school colleagues and they all say, "We, the black people of the Republic of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> There is always a certain amount of self-indulgence when Hollywood makes a Hollywood movie - especially when Hollywood makes a movie about Hollywood talking Hollywood making movies. Now, that's very, really very indulgent, indeed. The scene with Fellini (playing himself) is more fun than annoying. Mazursky throws child-and anti-Vietnamese-flower-anti-flower standards and also has fun at corporate Hollywood, but has been / is just as much part of "Hollywood fake" (the lyrics of that song in the Surrealist War segment ) like everyone else; I'm pretty sure he's also making small noises at Beverly Hills parties, and he's afraid of shaking hands with people he does not even know or like, but whose money is bad for their next.) As for his hair: it has the worst hair I've seen in a very long time (on film or elsewhere); is a type of long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have had it grown much. The film remains relatively interesting, despite the lack of action, but in the last third it is somewhat tedious. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other actors in Hollywood), contact me by e-mail.
