Offering a murderous combination of terrible writing, terrible action and terrible direction, it's a question whether Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects is offensive or just hilarious offensive. It's almost as if someone has organized a contest to make the youngest Cannon movie. As if a look at a distribution list that includes characters like Lesbian Pedophile, Pervent Gentleman, Porn Actress was not enough, it's the only chance to see Charles Bronson's policeman throw a low life on a bed and take a dildo - but do not worry, it's okay, while the cries on the screen clearly show that he is torturing him for information only. After all, even if he is a little protector of his Catholic daughter, he is a Catholic policeman who regularly brings Catholic priest William O'Connell a luncheon full of bread and believes in poetic justice - or at least assures himself that bad boys end up, with the elderly inmates, maximum security can give them a taste of their own medicine. But that's what you got because you said, "Look, I think you're a little unstable." However, when he later offered a bribe, he could hit him, "I would like to get you this, but I do not want to grieve my hands," he clearly learned where to draw the line: instead, he eats a $ 25,000 watch and lights up Cadillac. The anal obsession goes even to the title of the film: despite the poster showing a naked Japanese girl on a set of porn movies, the only direct example of Kinjite / forbidden topics, while the English teacher of Alex Hyde White explains a group of Japanese businessmen is, talking about bowel movements in a polite society. Bronson is not just too old for this, because the opening fight is just too clear, she is too old for love Peggy Lipton, and she looks mature enough to have big kids. A better actor than he ever obtained the credit when he gave the right material, here is that he gave less a person thought properly than a series of weird strange reactions. When he does not widen the circles of suspects, he accidentally throws them to death on the edges of the buildings. He is certainly not a P.C. with a great disgrace to the Japanese - as if it were not bad enough to buy American affairs, which is worse, they seem to park on a public artery! No racist minority is unauthorized, whether it is a black pimp or a Pakistani hotel clerk, no unclean policeman cliché, whether it is a boss who hits his fist on the table or a dead meat partner (Perry Lopez and the paint Its spectacular hair that is so prominent that it deserves the billing screen all its own). The twin's part - Bronson's policeman who is trying to remove Juan Hernandez's prosecutor for minor girls and Japanese porn businessman obsessed with James Pax? and then in the least probable ways: after copying a Bronson's daughter's sensation into a bus ("An Oriental Guy touched my holy shrine"), in the idea of ​​a film about poetic justice , Pax finds his own daughter kidnapped by Hernandez. Finally, you expect the writer to open his head in the corner of the screen and say, "How do you feel like apples?" Somewhere under this laziness is the germ of a good idea, even if it's too muddily developed to make it clear what that idea is, but the execution is pure Rising Sun: The Archie Bunker version, shot as an out-of-the-out rating 80s music video with an outrageous and rather lazy doche - "Final-up-and-blow-up-up," which sees a small army of machine guns appear suddenly up to free body count . The last one in Bronson is worse for different collaborations with J. Lee Thompson? and, unfortunately, Thompson's last film as a director - is a weak sign for two underestimated players who, more and more, did not seem to be those who discerned about the photos they said yes.
