Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) in the property owned by former deceased Christopher Dean (John Carradine). On his arrival he is met by Dean's four children, Gregory (Jeff Morrow), his wife Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) and Leslie (Brooke Mills) and her friend Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake plays a tape record of his father's wishes lately after his death, a $ 136 million fortune must be divided equally between his four children, if he died, then the money would be equally divided between the others and if all were to die strange servants, Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and the most enlightened Frank (John Russell) would hit the lot. Well, they're not happy with a $ 136 million (which in 1971 is about $ 35 million back, which does not sound too bad for me), someone decides he wants everything for themselves and it does not happen much until the frozen head returns the refrigerator ... Co-written, produced and directed by Roy Monson Blood Legacy disappointed me in two accounts. For starters, the alternative and much more common title of this film is Legacy of Blood, which is also the title of a tired horror film directed by Andy Milliagn back in '78 that I always wanted to see, both of which are in I've been excited because he told me it was the movie Milligan and I even listed him as a director, I actually sat down to see him and I heard John Carradine's voice then knew it was not the movie Milligan I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, there is simply the fact that Blood Legacy is a total piece of nonsense that is not at all painful to watch sometimes. The script of Monson & Eric Norden is slow, boring and highly predictable. The character is absolutely bizarre in an annoying way, the weirdness of a servant who asks his sister (?) To hurt him, the weird set of Brother & Sisters, which are just impressive and so distant from the reality that any tension or mystery that the simplistic story he could have done is powerless, and then there's the awful end of the overturn you can guess in the first 10 minutes. It's boring to look, it's stupid, and it's just an attempt to think about it. Please, someone save me, because it's a bad thing. I could go all day about how bad the blood legacy is, I could really do it. The manager of Monson was either working with an existing budget or judging it, he should not have conducted the traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, it's a little photographed and there's no atmosphere or scare. Blood and gore are tampered, there is an ax in the head, a beheaded head, a scene when someone is killed to death by wasps and the best crime when one's face is eaten by the piranha. However, there are signs of question about this scene, so there is the victim, right. It's the piranha tank, right. The head of the victim is placed in the piranha reservoir, right. Pirahna eats the victims, okay. The water remains crystalline despite the fact that the victim ate her face, where is the blood? Technic Blood Legacy is terrible, it seems terrible, the sound was obviously shot and it's hard and hard to hear what the terrible dialogue thinks is perhaps a blessing in disguise. The actor has not won any safe prize, at least he said about it the better. Blood Legacy is a terrible movie, there really is no positive thing about it or if I can not think about it. Do yourself a favor and do not bother with it, there are much better movies out there.
