*** SPOILERS *** With a gathering of family members and servants of late Christopher Dean, John Carradine, to hear his last will and testament, they get somewhat a surprise in Dean's fortune, about 140 million dollars. Money should be shared between them, but only after spending a week at the Dean Mansion. It seems to have been a story in the story, when we find out later that it is really an overnight sleep, not a week vacation at the mansion to qualify for Dean's money, because almost everyone gets to die to the east. <The first victim of the dean's curse has nothing to do with getting money from the inheritance of Christopher Dean, the local sheriff, Dan Garcia, Rodolfo Acosta. Acosta cut his head to the refrigerator and then served on a plateau to a group of shocked guests. Later that evening, cute Chin Greg and Laura, Jeff Morrow & Marry Anders, the little pet pooch is found dead outside floating in the pond. The film has all the people at Dean Mansion being taken off one by one until the killer is revealed. Then we have what seems to be a twin twist in the story where the original killer is suddenly murdered with two of his last remaining guests. The real killer ends not only to receive all the prey, but for 140 million dollars, but then he does not have to divide it with his accomplice by doing him or her, giving him a poisonous piece that kills him on the spot. Nonsense that made and haunted the house, a film with a career of immoral characters and unrecognizable that even a mother, less the audience, would have problems with pleasure. There is everything you can think of the movement involving selective guests including S & M sadism incest and, of course, double-dealing and back-stabbing, without even counting a crime. You simply would not care less of who survives survivors to collect the wealth of the dean at the end of the film, hoping against all hope, then none of them does. Even the big surprise at the end of the year is not "a real surprise since the identity of the killer is revealed by the film producer who has forgotten to keep his face in the shadows so that you really see who is right before he's revealed!" Then, we have a plot-twist that removes the killer along with a number of guests left just to make the film a little more confusing, then it's already. The last overturning of the plot you see coming from ten kilometers was just to show how intelligent was the very obvious killer who was almost pestering that no one was watching the movie.
