You all know the story of Hamlet. Do. Well, the expression "to be or not to be" (not the speech itself) has been beaten in the ground so many times it is not very interesting (in fact, it was not so great for beginning). In fact, I find "Hamlet" a good game, but extremely overvalued. It's not really Shakespeare's best: "Julius Caesar" and "Romeo & Juliet" are ten times better, with "The Dream of a Summer Night" and "Othello" not too long ago. "Macbeth (beat the table, from the drawers, the puck will be fine, OW!)" It's not so bad. There are a lot of others who are better than Shakespeare. I'm not going to really comment on the movie, but I'm going to dismantle the MST3K episode absolutely horrible. <br /> <b> Bine. . . Mike and Bots wins a card game to choose the movie. . . they ask "Hamlet," Pearl sends them this, yadda yadda yadda. . . and prepare for the most boring Episode of Sci-Fi of MST3K ever (admitted, I have not seen any of CC Ones). While "Dr Z's Blood Water" makes the horrible episode visual, because it's not really a rather random film, the scenes merged together (I remember Mike's line from "The Future War": "Perhaps it is an anthology of short films without a plot "), the SOL crew of the lot has lowered much of the good cracks. I can not say the same here. Rifles collapse, host segments (normal hair) are best mediocre, and when the movie itself (which is not so bad) is actually better (that is, as a quality film, not as a camp as "Prince of Space ") than the version of MST3K, you know the show must be bad. I laughed (the last time I saw her a few months ago), oh, perhaps eight or nine times throughout the year. I tried and tried and tried to have fun - but I could not. Only the occasional line like the head of "Hail Queen Dilbert!" (and when this is the funniest line of the episode, well, ahem) - and occasionally, I mean every ten minutes or so - I can even chicote myself. The second time I tried to look at her, I did not even laugh at a few jokes I found before, and I just gave up forty minutes before. The film is not horrible; it's just a German version of Hamlet. The actors are pretty good, and although doubling is not the biggest, it's not in itself a reason to hate this movie. <br /> <br /> Four stars for Hamlet; Three, give THREE for the MST3K version. PS: Why Why, MST3K!
