I hired the movie "The Piano Teacher," knowing nothing but what was written in the video box. I did this with a bit of fear, because the films that win prizes at Cannes are usually very good or very bad. Unfortunately, it falls into this latter category. About a quarter of the way, I woke up saying loudly, "This movie is boring." About half the way I was saying, "Where have I seen this before?" In the third quarter I realized it. Despite his literary origins, this film is essentially a remake of Robert Altman, much earlier (1969), and better, "This cold day in the Park." Although the details are obviously different, and Altman's work was more composed than a character study, the two films are thematically identical. There is nothing "new" to be seen in this production. Every aspect has been done before: a coiled spiral character with increasingly destructive behavior (Abel Ferrara, Bad Lieutenant 1992); a perverse and devastated "love" culminating in a near-dead opera scene (David Cronenberg's 1993 "M. Butterfly"); unusually brutal sexual scenes ("Blue Velvet", 1986, David Lynch); and so on. I am therefore surprised that so many have discovered that the film is "shocking", "smashing", etc. This highly derivative film seems to have been done with the sole purpose of making viewers feel uncomfortable and have clearly succeeded in some. However, they largely attribute such a reaction to a lack of film viewing experience. You see enough movies and indeed you really have seen everything. And while it is true that I have seen the expelled version "R-rated", I doubt that the additional scenes would change my general opinion about "The Piano Teacher." From a technical point of view, the film is not without merit. There are some very good room works and the lighting is excellent. Isabelle Huppert's credible performance also helps save him from being a waste of time. This is Haneke's first film that I've seen and if I had seen more, I expect that I will have the same view of him that I have of Ferrara: an interesting director but not nearly another genius makes him. Rating: 4/10.
