I've been a fan of all of Bill Maher's stuff for 15 years, but this movie was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I am Catholic, come from a well-educated family, and go to church at my own will, which probably ends with some of Bill's views. Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is uniformly negative. It is correct to document the sociological aspects of it, that is, one faith builds its feasts on top of the other, and many wars have been set forth by religion (or, more precisely, by the sinister appeals of men to the supreme and incontestable authority of God) that said he never looked at his positive side. Honestly, I think the hell would freeze before Bill ever gets hurt and travel to the slums of Calcutta, where Mother Teresa spent his life working with the poorest of the poor. She has now died, of course, but she has been able to easily visit the Jesuit priest in East LA, who runs the Homeboy Industries company, who works with youths with foundations and gangs to teach their career skills to remove tattoos and to become responsible members or visit the USC's Advanced Catholic Studies Institute, which brought together some of the world's best theologians, diplomats, and investment bankers to study ways to ethically integrate the most poor countries of the world in global capital markets to live for half the world's people living on less than $ 1 a day. Of course he will not do this because he would need him to consider evidence that does not fit easily into his preconceptions about religion and it is much easier to continue to make a superficial joke. That fits the biggest problem with Bill's film, that he never obeys anyone at his or her best level. In this movie, you have the rank of Maher the Cornell spend most of the time talking to truck drivers in a non-denominational truck stop service in a nightclub with a Dutch-type who smokes pot all the time the minister of a church in Miami, who claims to be the reincarnation of Christ, and an actor who plays Jesus in a theme park "Holy Land". What you will not see in Bill's film, beyond some superficial speculation with Doctor at the Grand Central Station that religion chemically modifies the brain as drugs and that religion is a mistake of the mass tradition is any serious interviews and interviewed with philosophers and theology professors in schools such as Notre Dame, or Wheaton College, who could easily dissociate them from rhetoric in a debate on the subject. You will not see a serious discussion about any of C. S. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclical, and of course you will find no discussion of any of the non-Abrahamic beliefs (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam). Everything you get at the end of the day is an example of the manuscript of a brave, snobby elitist in the west of LA who makes a film for his own guy and who has absolutely no intent on the way in the other half of America who chose George W. Bush (twice) lives his life or the school of thought behind her. I have many of what Bill says, but for someone who has the intellect and influence, this movie was nothing less pathetic. Anyone who is interested in the kind of intellectual fermentation that documentaries usually bring may find more incentive in an old replay of the Teletubbies.
