I hired this shortly after Ben Stein's rental of "Expelled" and realized it would be interesting to compare them. Before moving on, it seems right to emphasize the following so that a reader can see if they are biased or not. I'm trying to be objective for registration. I tend to enjoy myself from time to time, I enjoy the performance of Maher HBO, although I rarely think he is the source of humor. I do not even care about his stand-up. But he does some good moments at the show from time to time and I liked the Political Incorrect, although he was still fairly politically correct (which I consider to be a negative, because even the term sounds Orwellian or at least fascist). As for my religious views, I will say for simplicity that I am a non-denomain. Christian, with some views that are objective and some that are agnostically mixed in. This being said, this is a bad "documentary" for reasons that have not yet been reached by many commentators - although the above mentioned are valid. The reason why it is not convincing is not just the fact that he supports the main point without letting others talk (and his point is reduced to nothing logical, it's just "come, really?" Which is not a point, just a question, try David Hume if you want a decent argument). The reason why this is not convincing is the lack of experts on the subject. I saw this thing 2 months ago and I just remember talking to a person whose ID as a professional was mentioned if he was not a clergyman. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least masters or doctoral professors who want to do a bit of verbal sparring, especially in the fields of history, anthropology or others. If this compares to Ben Stein's Discourse, "No Intelligence Permitted," Stein will interview about 30 faithful professors, professionals, clerics, and so on. He does this with a variety of sources with various backgrounds. He also makes a point in his film on freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily point out the mistakes committed by the theocratic rules over the centuries or the persecutions of it. Instead, he idiots refers to the 20th century totalitarian secular regimes as evidence of the fact that secularism needs more social-political power !!!! (it's the bonus features in front of Anne Frank's house, I think.) This is a true Orwellian trip. He blames Christians in particular on many unnecessary deaths - which had its share, though much smaller than most! - without including even a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is due to the fact that this argument is diminished by the unfortunate recording of the secular humanism of the twentieth century. Another obvious weakness is his refusal to speak to anyone who would be considered a moderate or "medium" practitioner. He takes the weakest gas from the herd. How difficult is this? How does it show that there are exceptions to reject the general rule? That does not. Wow, so people in worship think outside the norm? How bright you know this. I work wonderful Maher! Again, it would be easy enough to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work to reject the idea of ​​a "patriotic duty" that calls for a person's struggle in any war involving his country. Beyond all that is not so funny here. Some videos that are "smartly" superimposed from context / irreverent modes may get sick, but mostly work to illustrate how a true contextual argument from Maher will NOT be present, much less convincing. He spends most of his time beating Christians, shaking inaccuracies, and interviewing marginalized groups that he can not really answer his questions. For registration, there are good questions to ask frankly for religious people and many should ask for themselves. He does not touch almost any of these. I have the feeling that I could have responded much better to most of my questions than to those she interviewed, but everything that happens in what is included and what has been edited.
