Elfriede Jelinek, another household name, wins the Nobel Prize for Literature. Her novel gave birth to a film that won the second Cannes prize and top prizes for male and female masters. Am I a dinosaur in aesthetic appreciation or art has become so disadvantaged that everything goes? "Gobble, gobble" is the orthographic representation favored in the UK by bubbling noise produced by a turkey. In the movie world, a turkey is a monumental flop, measured by box-office receipts or critical reception. "Gobble, Gobble" and "The Piano Teacher" are perfect partners. The embarrassing horror of this widely praised film can not be exaggerated. It starts very badly, as if the viewer was disturbed. Credits interrupt inconsistent scenes for more than 11 minutes. We are presented to Professor Erika Kohut, apparently the alter ego of the accredited author, a stone pianist. She lives with her husky and domineering mother. Dad is an institutionalized madman who dies unseen during his actions. Reviewing the piano teacher is difficult, beyond the inconvenience. What we see in the film (and could be read in the book for everything I know) is a terrible, explosive and senseless story of an emotional pendulum that binds here and there without moving. Erika, whose name is used minimally, is initially portrayed as a person with intense musical sensitivity, but otherwise totally repressed. Not really, because there is a handbag on a two-step scene with her mother with early stones ending with deep apology. If a reviewer has to extract a leitmotif (why not use a pretentious word when it is simpler), the violent alternating mood of Elrika would be so. A young Walter, who is studying to become a low voltage engineer, no matter what it is, and playing ice hockey in a few moments of leisure, is also a talented pianist. He meets Elrika in an old-fashioned recital in a luxury apartment in what may or may not be Paris. In the glib style of so many arts, he falls in love immediately and begins to "kneel at females". Repressed Erika has the pleasure of hardcore pornography, briefly shown, but graphically for a few seconds while she smells a fabric taken from the trash in her private cabin where she looks. Walter performs a brilliant audition and is patiently accepted as a private Erika student, whose style of teaching is characterized by distance, hostility, discouragement and humiliation. Soon she declares her love, and before she follows Erika to God, where she engages in orbiting and incomplete oral sex. Erika keeps her control over her love. She promises to send her a training letter for other pleasant exchanges. Meanwhile, badly jealous of Walter's goodness toward a nervous student who literally has things before a rehearsal for a future concert, Erika completes the student's pocket with broken glass, causing serious lacerations for those delicate piano hands. The next big scene (bypassing genital mutilation, etc.) makes Walter return to the Erika apartment with her mother. Erika wants to be humiliated, tied, slapped, etc. Sensible Walter is for the time being rejected and scored in the night. At this point there is still another hour to go. The visitor can only worry about the worst. Erika watches Walter down to the ice rink where he's practicing ice hockey. She retires in a back room. Lusty Wally is not able to resist the hands that pull his pants. "Socks of his child" is expelled soon with other stomach contents. He's mummy. Breathed, but stung, perhaps wanted revenge for insulating recently hung on the floor, Walter returns to Erika's apartment. Can you guess what's going on now? It is not very deep or difficult. Yeah, he gets a brute while Erika gets a victim. In a moment she blocks the mother in her room and hits Erika, the next one strikes him in front of her, having sex with her and renewing her love affairs. <br /> <br /> I'm unfair in this summary? Watch the movie if you want, but I'd advise you not to do it. Anyone can see eternity in a pile of sand if they are in good condition. I could express myself to the provocative image of the human relationships transmitted by this film if I wanted to. But I prefer not to, "because this is a cheap and ugly film that appeals to the basic instinct and does not say anything. I should say that Erika's parental half-year wants love, looks ineffective in pornography, rejects it Inappropriately when it appears literally, pink and pulsating, beneath her nose, she realizes that she does not like to be hurt, bla, bla, bla. The world has, for reasons not explained, hit her. seems to be doing a monster in a person who appeared superficially, but we certainly know that every man is potentially a violent rapist, because that is his essential nature as much as he tries to say himself and the world in another In the end, if you have the patience to be there, there is a little movement. Before going to the final stage, where he is going to play the role of replacing students with dirty, Erika packs a knife in his bag. Yeah, you're ahead of me. It's ruined in a life-threatening area and it's leaving. Roll credits. If this has won the second Cannes prize, how bad were the rest of the entries?
