This film is really an interpretation of religion by Bill Maher. There are many funny moments and some interesting points, but do not go into this by waiting for an unmatched discussion of religion. This is what I consider the worst documentary - Everything is arranged before and in time of editing to give you the opinion of the director, rather than let you make your own decision. EDIT - It is very cut, intertwined with clips of pop culture and media to strengthen the point. The interviewee barely has the chance to finish a sentence before being interrupted by editing. The only ones who had the chance to express their mind are those who say what Bill Maher wants to say. Once someone diverts from the Gospel according to Maher, they are edited. INTERVIEW - These are meant to represent absolutely the most extremist religions. From evangelical television to the last Jewish stereotype, in a TRUCK STOP chapel (Seriously. He chose the fastest grabs of money, heavy extremists and those who have no budget to tell him not to choose. a good person to interview, he edits the hell out of them STEREOTYPING - All religions are portrayed as stereotypes, especially the Muslims are heavy blows, but during the Muslim segment, they barely give anyone the chance to talk before either interrupting themselves or by editing in pieces with suicide bombers All Muslims are portrayed as extremists for the gun by editing and none of the interviewees are edited correctly ENDING - The message at the end is INCREDIBLY difficult to handle and while the idea is interesting, it is not presented with the correctness of the countless people who are not religious extremists. "Bill Maher explains while the clips of destruction play in the foreground. This literally gives the message that religion is bad and dangerous and that it will destroy the world. He also states that everyone involved in religion is bad. With the mistakes of the movie, he has some good points, and humor, while very unfair, is actually funny. But you know you're entering, it's a very unilateral vision, Bill Maher's vision of religion. It does not find anything. He tells you what he thinks. 4/10 - Some good moments, but hard to handle, with an extremely irresponsible documentary style.
