Now do not get me wrong. If you need an insightful summary of everything that was wrong with the history of human civilization and a flawless path for a brighter future for mankind, who should better return than a comedian and practitioner of pop culture? If you need a healthy dose for all the solid, healthy reasons, why religion has passed the usefulness, then return to Sagan or Dawkins, not BILL MAHER for the sake of God (?)! This is a good point in itself and in itself. Maher renounces our religious past as a neurological disorder, conveniently ignoring the way his entire society, art and science are rooted in it. In this film, he relies heavily on the set of irony and cynicism to make his point as he tries to seem erudite and wise. Unfortunately, his intellect is not up to the task. Maher makes us laugh, but obviously it is not the brightest bulb in the box. As an example, he responds to an interviewee (and I use the term free as clearly "ambushees"), the statement that the existence of Jesus is a historical fact with a passage "No, it is not," followed by a long to keep scorn the subject's naivety (a device that was heavily used in this film). The problem is that the person was right and Maher was wrongly mistaken in his statement that Jesus is mentioned only in what he considers to be the historical-suspected gospels. I think Mr. Maher never read the contemporary Josephus historian. But the masses will be knocking on this pseudo-documentary, as do the fictitious facts of other intellectual giants like Michael Moore, and they will be loud and gaffe (surely they did at my show). However, it is said twice that the strongest and most mule, such as braye, occurred during about 70% of the running time that devoted anti-Christian tirade film, while the audience was complete mute during the token, 10% dedicated to self-described critique of the Religion of Peace. Hmmm. Whether the critique of Islam is limited to the target and liberal audience, whether they were afraid to laugh. Very much, anyway ..
