John Boorman's 1998 General was hailed as a major comeback, although it is hard to see why the evidence of the film itself. One of the three films made this year about the most famous Northern Irish criminologist Martin Cahill (alongside Circle Criminal Decent Criminal and Circles Vicious) has an abundance of incident and style (the movie was shot in color but released in some areas) absolutely no impact and it just goes forever. With a main character who threatens witnesses, doctors with car bombs cause hundreds of people to lose their jobs, try to buy the sexually abused daughter of one of his gangs to keep from jail and nail one on his own at a table snooker still remains a popular local legend, an appealing personality for the wife not only to approve, but even to suggest a trio menu to her sister, needs a charismatic central performance to sell the character and the movie. Does not understand. On the contrary, it can be said that this is Brendan Gleeson's worst and most disinterested show: he offers his lines and is in the right place, but there is nothing to suggest any local hero or complexity of a complex character. Moreover, this does not help overcome a character who is nothing but a selfish bully, but it is in contradiction with a scenario that seems to expect us to love him and his antics. a minor section that takes interest when the IRA whips a local hate campaign against the "general" and his people, portray them as "anti-social" drug dealers only because Cahill will not divide his spoils with a robbery, but his temporary resolution is shot so vague - something to do with Cahill dressed in a balaclava and joining the protesters he expects to find the wizards, that he's just thrown. Things are better in the last third as pressure rises and his army breaks down, but until then it's too late to care. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and the gorgeous Angeline Ball are doing a good job in supporting supporting roles, but Jon Voight's beleaguered guard seems to be there more than American sales than moral equilibrium, overcompensating for Gleeson's lack of involvement in what feels the total loss of fire. Turn Zardoz, everything is forgiven.
