As in any kind of movie, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you asked me to call a good gangster movie, I would have dozens to choose. If you asked me to call a bad gangster movie, probably the first one that came to my mind is one that still has some kind of depression disappointing about a week since I first saw the movie and I promise you , last time. The film is "The General," unrelated to the 1926 silent film. This is a very dry, very slow, very slow gangster epic that raises questions not about the story (it's more than easy to follow), but about why which the filmmakers chose to make this effort quite low. Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007) - two supermobile films - "The General" is based on real people and real events. The film revolves around an Irish killer named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson), who has begun his long chain of food stealing as a teenager, and then moved to robbing museums and homes as an adult. Meanwhile, the police led by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) is desperately and vigorously trying to prove just one of his crimes and to condemn (or kill him). Perhaps because it is a movie of the same category as the wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two Godfather films, I expected too much at "The General". But that could be too easy on her. It would have been a bad film if I had not seen the masterpieces mentioned before, before being swallowed by boredom at this time and by the too long time to scream bad scenes. Let's start playing the film only if we look at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and Seamus Deasy cinema chose to film this black and white film, while the style and presentation are clearly the elements of a full color film. Now I have nothing against b / w images, not even those made in modern times. "Schindler's List" (1993) was more than ninety percent filmed in black and white and is a masterpiece. "The General," made just five years after the "Schindler List" is not. The cinema is also too exposed, with high lighting keys that seem very distracting and give the film a quality very similar to a video game we found just annoying. Those who made the film were obviously in the style of a realistic documentary, as Schindler's List did, but they do not seem to be too much like a documentary and at the same time too much like a filming in classic style. Performances in the range of films are from those acceptable to the poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave a decent enthusiasm for their roles, but sometimes it seemed to me that even they were embarrassed by the awful script they were quoting. Sound design is also very primitive, perhaps in an attempt to give a 40-year-old murder and noir call, but this does not work because again, it is done too much like a contemporary image and it seems extreme unclear. /> But the worst thing that happens is that there is no character in the movie in which I felt emotions or opinions. In fact, for every moment of each scene, the only thought that goes through my head was "well, so what?" The moments that a better movie might be shocking or terrifying are just boring and time consuming here. I did not feel or hate the character of Brendan Gleeson, because the way the Cahill character is written is simply unshaken. Gleeson just plays the common killer and does not hit the real impact of Martin Cahill. If a character is killed (as is always the case in gangster films), we feel nothing. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We say only "so what?" And that's all I did during the whole time of this very delicate, very poor film.
