I saw her, I agree with him 100%, but I do not care about his delivery. He just went out like a stupid man in a low-scaled youth scandal campaign. Edit cuts in piles, etc ... The camera would focus on it and you will see 2 or 3 trimming changes in just one minute or two of the dialog. Add in the constant loop to the camera, which is a no-no movie. This documentary strikes a subject with so many angles, so many interesting stories, that the film is just as easy to do. Choosing religious fanatics is like taking the retarded child. It's so easy that it's just wrong. I mean how difficult it is to make these people look like nuts? To make them contradict themselves, let them recite them more than a verse or two. I like when he jumps back between people of the same religion and I have shown them completely contradicting. I think he could have done something a little more creative. Part of the neurologist who was talking about brain activity has never been elaborated. It might have been interesting to show people's brain scan during religious confrontations with their drugs or sex ???? It could have played more on women who enjoyed the passionate play that looks more like a snuff scene in a new Rob Zombie movie. More could have entered the history of John Smith, the founder of the Mormons, who had enough of the colorful past. Move to Science v.s. religion. One is a very methodical, very strict process for increasing confidence in theories. It builds itself from a solid bottom up, a new layer on top of a better-proven layer. An enormous amount of evidence is required for each stage of the road. The other begins from above and descends with unquestionable claims. Is that so, okay? I said this. <br /> <br /> You're done? Would I say you turn it into an original HBO series? hit a different religion every week. He was an eye-opener for one thing. Probably I was blind. Good G.W.Bush ... no wonder he was elected. He had the majority of religion. And well ... now, this is the blind who leads the blind. Bill Moyer ... Well, what can I expect from a guy who goes to Sutra on the beach in Newport?
