A few funny bits, but come Bill! A movie? Quoting Zeitgeist? Keep your TV show and interviews, but a movie? I'm probably reacting exaggerated, but what a provocative film is useless ... I do not know. I laughed, I disagree, I agree ... this movie is very confusing and inconsistent. Bill is a funny guy ... but also very sweet ... Bill's rhyme is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comic. But, like many comedians, the boundary between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the major problem of this film is the lack of sensitivity. This could only be a personal taste, but the comedy that constantly distorts somebody can not be considered as truth. Bill is obviously emotionally reactive to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not sensitive, but the answer to it can not be sensible. Will create unnecessary turbulence. We can do better than just react to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that we do not know, and he is determined to persuade the spectator that nobody knows anything, to the point where the agnostic community was concerned about his lack of serious research in comparative religion. His humility he only knows he does not do is a contradiction as he tries to insist that any religious thought does not make sense. We had great trouble to see the bits of Zeitgeist, Bill's movie. All non-sense influenced by astroleology, which simplifies all religions, is simply disappointing. Zeitgeist has provoked a lot of controversy and ruined the validity of so much scholarship of valuable religious studies. It is very sad how wrong things were thrown around without scientific sources of trust. Astro-mystical sources that reduce everything to "stars say everything" seem to be from the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement of a confusing "agnostic". Agnosticism is more complex and philosophical than the defense of every problem as "do not know". This film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has succeeded in simplifying and generalizing major issues in human history. Watch the movie (has hay and bit interviews), but please do not act like Bill. You can not expect anyone to have a mature conversation if you make sardonic comments on each line. Its argumentation techniques are degrading and insulting, causing emotional reactions rather than rational and logical reasoning. There must be a more mature way to address these issues.
