The previous commentator Steve Richmond said that a walk on the moon is, in his words, "not worth 7 dollars." I have come to pay more than importing what is one of the worst DVDs I have ever seen, of this movie or of any movie that exists. Even when you ignore the fact that the DVD is clearly provided by an interstitial master and simply ugly to watch the motion, the movie has no redeeming qualities (saves Anna's presence) to watch a Blu-ray transfer -Ray of the best quality. Not that this is the fault of the other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen are very much in touch with Anna Paquin. Even more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill did, despite a just as bad scenario, anyway. Director of director Tony Goldwyn has nothing to do with the crowd, but director Pamela Gray's summary includes Wes Craven's most dramatic excursions beyond horror or slasher, so he might be forgiven for a bad case . > As we have already shown, the only reason I've watched this movie is Anna Paquin. At her onset of acting, she effectively acted as industry veterans with at least twelve years of experience underneath her. While she is not so far ahead of her comrades, her performance as a girl who starts the play as an arm and grows up in a woman whose world collapses around her proves that Oscar was not fluke. For some time I have told friends that it will be the best choice to describe the heroine of the second complete Romanian, and a seventy-three minute dialogue in this movie is yet another demonstration of the reason. This woman could literally act on the paint on the walls. Anna aside, only Liev Schreiber approaches to get any sympathy from an audience. Sure, his character spends most of the film neglecting a wife with an existential crisis, but he plays the angry reaction of a man who feels blatantly deceived. I should know, even if it's not in the same conditions here. Viggo Mortensen also deserves credit for his portrait of a travel vendor, although perhaps not to the same extent. In a manner of speaking, he is the villain of the play, but he gives the character a third dimension. Yes, his actions, even after everything explodes, are disturbed, but not many people would act otherwise in his situation. Nobody wants to be the other man in such a bad situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of confidence for trying out here. Unfortunately, all of them participate in a story about a woman who feels caught in a stagnant marriage, where Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the Mills and Boon of the women being the only ones who feel that life is simply gone. Whether Pamela Gray's writer, or director Tony Goldwyn, thought they could put this line in the movie without thinking about how the audience might get it. Anna even gets to speak to the public when she asks Diane who wants to tell someone about responsibility. That said the movie has a few things besides the fact that Anna did that. Mason Daring's original music, while not standing in any way, gives the film a sense of being introduced during the show, which helps where the other elements are not. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that while Liev is a great actor, alongside Viggo in the story of a woman bound to choose between her marriage and her fantasy is a big mistake. He is also very correct in the fact that when the film persists over Lane and Mortensen's scenes that sink or mount one another under a cascade, it loses the fire of being a story of a violation and becomes porn soft. The film seems to be confused definitively about the stance of his story. Regardless of how many times I find Liev's scenes, I can not feel it has been changed in direction or editing. One does not have to make his leaders particularly beautiful or beautiful, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the play would have gone a long way. <br /> <br /> Also, Ebert strikes the head as he says that every time he sees Anna on the screen, she thinks her character was where the real story was. Stories about the fact that the wife feels neglected and running into the arms of a man who seems interesting or even dangerous is a dozen dime to such an extent that even stating the story in parallel with an earth spreading event like landing the month will not help. Despite the rebellion of her character's story, Anna could walk with a neon sign over her head, asking the audience if she did not want to see it all through her eyes. While I'm too aware of the fact that it's difficult to control exactly what your audience will find the most exciting of your cast, it's as though you would not mind trying with Lane and Schreiber. The fans of these two would be well advised to look elsewhere. Hopefully, until now, my rehearsals about these performances will give an idea of ​​where everything went wrong. I gave a ride a month out of ten. Anna Paquin wins a bonus point with one of the best performances (and that says something).
