I tried to go through a Lugosi film collection recently and I was just unleashed a few days ago by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat" really looking forward to seeing their collaboration in "The Corb." Unfortunately, it was not working for me, and by the end of the movie I was quite disappointed. In the first three quarters of this movie I thought the story had no real suspense. Lugosi did a pretty good job of keeping things together like a crazy sun Dr. Vollins, a sort of surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) she treats after a car accident, but not a she may have - partly because she has already been hired and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) disapproves. To deal with this, he claims the help of Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) - a nasty ugly man who wants Vollins to make him look more acceptable. Apart from Lugosi's show, however, I found few things to keep my eye on. Then suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the movie moves completely. Suddenly it gets quite suspense, but I thought Lugosi's performance broke up, largely because the movie was trying to shift it from mad to mad - and there was a difference. He plays the "crazy" role very well controlled and controlled, but bad. "Insanele" is a less controlled evil and I do not think Lugosi has fired well. At one point, he offers a maniacal laugh that happens to be fake. Meanwhile, Karloff was a great disappointment. I never got hold of it. On the other hand, he must have overthrown Lugosi that - in the films he collaborates with - Karloff gets the billing top, even though "The Raven" is clearly Lugosi who is the main actor. This certainly provides a suggestion of how Universal has ranked its two great horror stars - inexplicably, I would add, because I always thought of Lugosi as a better actor of the two. In any case, there is no real connection with Edgar Allen Poe's story "The Raven" - except that Vollins is a Poe fan who is trying to recreate some of the techniques of torture in Poe's stories. In general, a disappointment. 4/10.
