Written by a woman and directed by another. Whoppie. We're at a feminist walk or what. Bring your seat belts, ladies, because we are about to enter a world of elderly men and innocent and well-meaning women. In this way, Trish encounters a guy in the hiring agency that behaves, looks and dresses like a pimp (!) And gives him a job hoping to play her a little later. In his office, he even touches his chin as a heavy megalomaniac in a Bond movie could touch a girl just after he captured her and even before she was ready to kill her with Bond. At one point, the prosecutor / employee lives Trish in a dressing room for women, harasses him, and even approaches to violate him. Oh, these bad, bad men. They're ALL bad, you do not know. Can not you even look for a job without being raped, ladies? Well, we'll show them! In this movie there is a kind of divorced women club or something, led by a Janet Leigh who talks to all the women involved in this film when she says "men are all." She sighs about how horrible the men are; she was divorced five times. Now seriously: Any woman who gets married twenty times and then uses that statistic as an argument that men are "bad" must have finally realized that the explanation might be elsewhere or? It must be shown to him that: a) he is a male judge of male character or - more likely - b) she is the impossible to live with her - her ex-husband was probably a victim or if there were indeed ** holes , he probably got what he deserves. (I do not like Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor to prove this? Show me a loving woman who has often married and I will show you a way to get to Mars using just rollers and ladder.) Trish meets finally a computer type that restores its faith in people - but keep your horses; this guy turns out to be married, proving thus, no doubt that men are really "bad". Of course, it's not an old-age vendor who loves his wife, even if he's still dead - proving that all people are "bad", except for old men whose penises are not working and "can" do not receive any " , so that they are forced to give up holocaust life ** and ultimately give women the respect they deserve Even masculine support characters are all "bad", the black guy in the agency for employment is it unfriendly, and the guy in the mortuary is rude and insensitive (bastard, sniffle?) And what happens to this horn that ends? Minutes in court Trish renounces the claim of any husband's money realizing that she is now "free" and that she can finally make the jump in the pool ... What is it about? Her salt in the pool is then - very predictable - frozen as as credits begin to play, while music money I-don't-need-revenge-nor-my-soul-money-inspirers begins to penetrate. Her friends are shocked by the abandonment of money claims, but they are not shocked for a long time, and they soon start joking about what an attorney's lawyer will have when he's heard about it. The shyster attorney is naturally a man. An evil, evil, terribly "evil" man, whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these people; everything that interests them is money; they know nothing about the higher values ​​of life - such as shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this; they bring the sexes closer, but most importantly, girls and young women teach them that the men are all horny, selfish, bastards who will tread in the skirt and who will hit you in a world of poverty and misery, the first chance on who receive it. So, girls, open your mouth with your nails in your friend's mouths. Lesbian power!
