Tony Goldwyn is a good actor who obviously tries to straighten his hand. "A Ride on the Moon" seems to have borrowed from other better movies. The current story takes place in the late sixties in a summer resort for working-class Jews not far from Woodstock. Pamela Gray's treatment of the screen does not have much to do, so it's a puzzle why Mr. Goldwyn has decided to tackle this film as the first steering attempt. The Kantrowitz family spends some time at the resort. We see them coming to the little bungalow that will be their temporary home. Marty, father, comes just for the weekend; he works in what appears to be a family of small appliances that repair televisions in most cases. In a few days the first man will walk in space, so the emotion is obvious. Kantrowitz women are left behind. Pearl, Marty's wife and her mother-in-law, Lilian, spend days off until the "blouse seller" comes in. Pearl goes looking and finds more than a trick; it helps the seller. It looks like Pearl and Marty do not have sex at all. After two children, Pearl, who seems to be sexy and with a high libido, is ready for extraordinary fun. This is the basic premise of the movie, which becomes a soap opera when daughter Alison decides to play hooky and go to the nearby Woodstock festival where, in horror horror, she is witnessing her own mother to deal with the blouse seller! What's a girl doing? Keep the tone for the big final when all the parties are happy reunited with the little son's bed when killed by wasps and the vendor comes to apply a home remedy, and my dad is called out of town after he knows about Pearl's betrayal with the young bitch. Poor Diane Lane, she went to make "unbelievable" later, which is the upscale version of this lobster. Viggo Mortensen is the seller who deals with her lonely female customers whispering her ears a little! Liev Schreiber as Marty, the husband he faces, does not have much to do. Anna Paquin plays rebellious Alison and Tovah Feldshuh is unhappy Nana who would like to stay in the city watching her soap dishes instead of attending the first hand she plays in her own yard! to waste your time, or play the DVD on TV when you have a lot of fun at home and you even want to laugh or two to destroy the movie.
