Recently, I had the opportunity to see a job in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) Of this title. It is difficult for me, being a lover of art like me, to report the following, but sometimes the truth hurts the truth and, frankly, after standing in this tribute (I use the definition of slang here - worthless statements or writings) for a hour and a half, I feel compelled to share (WARN) with all stakeholders. Let's start from the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not so bad, a few laughs and a decent development, but then it's down there. This is the story of a woman in the midst of her thirties who (as the writer would like to believe) is unhappy with her life and unfulfilled. The first major difficulty occurs when, if you do not know that you are entering the movie, you will not know her when she suddenly risks everything for me, in my opinion, very unheard of and unlikely with a local vendor. There is little development (a drastically insufficient development) to justify its actions for the business it has, and when it appears, it feels, as I did, that it only has a low moral character. The word "whore" comes to mind, we hope they will let the review pass and post the comment. This, in my opinion, is the first fatal flaw in the film. If you are married or ever loved, whether you are a man or a woman, it will stop you. Honestly, I feel it would have done a much better blue film - that's the level that the scenario is worth. The second fatal flaw is pouring, Diane Lane has not worked for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right man for the job, believe me. The only rescue of the whole film is Anna Paquin, the depth of her skills as a beautiful actress shines in places, giving a subtle but very blond image (I apologize for dichotomy, but it is accurate) portraying a teenager in the making. Bravo, well done. I will not end, but I was disappointed, being billed as a slice of life, romance is one thing ... but such an end ... Well, if you bother enough to see this picture, do not say it I warned you, but you look better - if the celluloid is released, I doubt it lasts four weeks before it bursts into flames. I'd say wait for the video, but the free sex education boxes at most video rental sites have a higher entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced this, you think he'll learn about Ishtar. This movie once had the title of "Blouse Man" and should have been left on the shelf. If you never wanted to get out on a movie in your life, give it 35-40 minutes, the only thing that deserves to stay is Anna Paquin, if you can stomach that you will or will not take the garbage before you go home, which you probably should have stayed first if you go to the movies to see that. They're my two cents, what they deserve.
