by Dane Youssef <br /> <br /> A band of criminals. The perfect plan. Everything is going well. I'm in trouble. The police are out. They're horned. What will they do now? Sounds familiar? The film seems to be a combination of the action studio, the "indie" and the theater. <br /> <br /> It's the kind of thing actor loves - it's kind of a workshop or a piece because it mostly consists of the close focus of actors acting ... acting angry, tense, scared , planning, planning - giving artists a lot of free games to truly reveal everything. A trio of crooks, a leader, an enemy, a brother, come with a heist scheme. .. and a monkey key is thrown into the factory. To make top things off, there is a bit of "fender-bender" and one of the crooks thumping through the back of the windshield. The cops are on their queues and hindered in a bar called poetic (and lead) "Dino's Last Chance." Spacey, as a director, tries to keep focusing on actors' performances and dialect. He headed for a bright cigarette cigarette, a Bogart who smoked and smoked. And it keeps all the violence out of the screen, indeed. I think it was a mistake. Focusing on the intensity and horrible violent scenes would have given the film a bit of edge. The problem with the movie is that it moves too slowly and suffers from miscasting in almost any role. Matt Dillon ("Drugstore Cowboy" and "Wild Things") seems too young and too idealistic to be the leader of this band. Gary Sinese seems to be piling up and thinking deeply to be a tag along with these guys, and Joe Mantaga is as effective as the routine traditional police lieutenant who swears me that does not care about him, there's nothing to do here. William Fischter is the only actor who is credible in his role as a brainless brute who just wants to shed blood. And scammers are in a tense situation where either they go to jail or they are trying to think of a way out of this Spacey does not have the ability to create a lot of tension and keep it. Characters are more talked about trying to think of a plan ... and they have to reassure and articulate too much. There is even a scene where criminals play a pool with a whole array of armed policemen right outside, ready to hit. At one point, one of the criminals even calls the police who are right in front of the bar. Oh brother. I'll bother you. These policemen want to throw them out or block them. Should not they be frightened, a little worried? Meanwhile, all real actions happen inside. Somebody knocks a gun, a baseball bat, which leads to an ugly confrontation outside the screen and there is another accident that's going on ... it's good, it's kind of sad. But ... Faye Dunaway would have had to spend more time with a dialect coach, improving her accent in New Orleans. Skeet Ullrich is fine in a smaller part. A policeman who listens to search for a pack of matches at worst time is a nice look. And so is a scene where someone goes directly through the windscreen. The Devil obviously tries to go for David Mamet's approach and is just as profane, but never as realistic or ingenious. The film feels like too much of what is really a very low-budget movie with an actor behind the room that for the first time guides other actors from a scenario that is not "bad, but needs by a few re-writes. " Spacey shows he's not a terrible director, but he lacks a sense of "modeling a movie," and feels like it's just acting actors. These actors are talented and can work with the material, but they all feel out of place. As I said earlier, the movie even suffers from miscasting. <br /> <br /> I do not mean that the bad actors were thrown away. I think they only found the right distribution, but they placed them in all the wrong roles. I think changing some of the roles would have helped a lot. Actor veteran Joe Mantagna plays pack leader, Gary Sinese, the furious police lieutenant out on his bullhorn, giving orders and barking to his troops, holding Fischter in his "empty blood" and Matt Dillion's lamb sacrificed. This would have been a great improvement. When some direct actors, it works. They can even win Oscars for it. But much of the time, when actors direct, tends to focus only on performance. Just shoot the acting actors. Sometimes they work ... but they need a good presentation for that. An excuse for that. Situations of hostages are almost the same in real life, just like age stories, so it's normal for movies about them to go from point A to point B. <br /> <br /> There are some very good entries in this genre. Spacey himself appeared in a similar film about hostage situations: "Negotiator." Surely this will not become a classic cult, not to mention one of AFI's 100. However, it has some beautiful moments and personal touch, but ultimately it is instantly forgetful and the kind of film that would play best on ordinary television. Just do not deserve to get out of your way to see. I give him 3 out of 10. Spacey's "Over the Sea" executive credit was, in my opinion, a better effort. Hmmm ... maybe it's true. You have to fail before you succeed. Dane Youssef
