I remember when there were many kids who had nothing. I think I was too old to be excited and I was a fan of real martial arts movies and I always found a kind of cheese. In the early 1990s, we were shot with programs like this, making children feel like they could fight and be a ranger of power or equal with these children on 3 Ninjas. I think parents and filmmakers ultimately got sick of it because everything I really had was abundant of kids pushing and kicking everybody. Many children's videos have an important point they are trying to make and nice for your kids to track and receive the message, it has no message at all ... just exploits a million things difference in less than 90 minutes. without great visual qualities, but should he expect? The actor is pretty bad. Victor Wong is a cool actor, but it was embarrassing to see him here. Fat short, fat, horrified, like a mighty ninja who was just hilarious. The children have behaved too much and the youngest ninja Tum Tum was perhaps the worst actor I've ever seen. The movie has a plot that someone knows before reading the review. 3 ninja ... you know they will fight a bunch of bad guys and they will obviously win ... I have to say more. Sorry if I spoiled him for anyone. With all that KIDS said will love you. This film is intended for children and only children can enjoy it. If your child does not mind you seeing movies about children who are fighting this is a good movie to let them see. If you do not mind letting your children see full trash that has nothing to do with real martial arts, real action or reality, then you've found a movie for your kids ... say kids for that I think the girls will like ... I remember all the girls who have a passion on Rocky. 2 out of 10 stars, because I think you can make a movie for kids and still make it pleasant for adults .. this movie has long failed to do that .. It is beyond cheesy and nothing original or unique and I would not allow a child of mine to watch her ... Kung Fu TV series is on DVD and there are tons of big Shaw Brothers movies out there. .. Why do not you show your children things that will really distract them and do not make them dissatisfied along the way, maybe they even teach them some moves and not just how to hit a man between legs like a grandfather on 3 ninjas. .. no ... never hit a man between his legs ... never ... that's so repeated.
