... because 99 times 100 times the producers lied by teeth (or someone else) to rent or buy * censored with pity *. Shock-O-Rama Cinema proves the truth about this event with the release of "feeding the masses," a likely, well-intentioned, but extremely ineffective and insistent zombie genre. Good people, it's not just about low-budget films, but very small shots by a group of people who - I'm sorry, they know they have families that love them - will never be in a variety of ways. This is a baaaaaaaaaad mooin, "good people, and not just because it's cheap." The act is mediocre, but they do not blame the actors, they have no direction, they had no direction, because the script was a fantasy zombie on half-ripe, with no sense of cinematic story. "The characterization is at best thin, not because of the weak dialogue and the soporific direction, but I have also mentioned that the script and the direction are quite bold, but there is no drama. tension, no moment of extraordinary character, nothing. "The whole premise of the suppression of media governance is squandered for the sophomore" commercial breaks, "and for an unsustainable story defying rational analysis, and strangely clashing with its ridiculous completion. How could the government suppress the truth of a virulent zombie epidemic when its reality would be apparent everywhere? Why would it give me and more than a short trial? In this day and elderly of wireless cellular phones, what could they hope to achieve for more than a day or at least in the best case? Now if they cover something like their own guilt ... but "Nutrition" never explores such possibilities. Instead, he deals with absurdity and badly organized events to dig for laughter and / or significance, praying to the audience not to notice the almost total lack of production value beyond basic shooting equipment. Was anyone in this movie paid? I hope the actors did it, if not just for the time spent in blind careers, like that; at least technicians have gained a legitimate work experience. Even zombie fans will find little to gain from "feeding the mass." Gorele is remarkably bold for non-budget officials in his rank, and there is no distinctive set or memorable effects. They are all eminently forgetful, in fact. The KNB has nothing to fear. Even junk like the Australian birth "Undead" was several kilometers away from "feeding the mass." I'm sorry, guys, go back to the drawing boards and take deceptive marketing with you.
