First, a little summary. This reporter called Torch is basically trying to get the story of a zombie outbreak and find out that the military and the government censored him. Beautiful message, government censorship and all this, but the way they did the movie was, let me explain. This film is beyond description. The idea that someone is doing more than anything about George Romero is enough justification for the reviewer to engage in a mental institution. The script is atrocious as such, as if it was written by a sixth student. Regarding the special effects, I understand that independent films have low budgets, and some gore effects seem acceptable, but if you want a fire scene, here's a tip: buy a non-flammable material, prepare a fire extinguisher and fire! Do not add it digitally and make it look like a blast from a Nintendo 64 game. Act, let's put it that way. In my summer theater program, a cool reading of the script is, compared to that, the Godfather. I will not even get into mismatches. Find them alone. What disturbed me most, however, was when everything was finished after filming and editing, maybe someone would have said, "Okay, that's good, let's release it." He sends me a spine on the back to really think about it, to think that someone felt it was good enough to release the DVDs. This is not a DVD quality. This is not a quality of Sci-Fi channels. Hell, this is not even a quality of the film school. If you presented this for a project at a film school, you would get a F. Not, not even one F, more like a F-. I would not be surprised if he tries to get you expelled. I felt used after seeing this thing. Blockbuster and the producers of this movie have my money right now and I would rather not think about what they are doing with it. I was the pawn of an elaborate and unfavorable scheme to legalized theft, and I do not feel right to think I went directly into her, looking at my back cover with pleasant memories 28 days later, just to find Ed Wood he would follow and then say, "I did not like this much". This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen. I did not see anything from Ed Wood, but I trust this is worse. If you are looking for a serious cinema, as much as 10 meters away from it, it will probably give you a bad headache. If not, I still recommend writing the director personally and asking how I sleep at night. However, if you are a kind of person who gets a laugh of very bad things, then I recommend you check this out. You will not be disappointed.
