As gathered from the title, I think this movie is the worst zombie movie of all time. The actor, camera work, writing, special effects and anything else related to this movie sucks. People have argued that while this movie is terrible and was produced terribly, it comes with a clever intelligent script. Wow. The plot has more holes than I or anyone else could count on. To begin with, why would the government tell everyone to go back to work when it's not safe? I know that the government should be bad, but it does not win anything by killing the entire population of the country. There was no one to rule! Another thing I was asking about, even if the government told everyone to go to work, why would people go if the streets were full of zombies? Would zombs hide from hiding in bushes and ambushes on people who do not resemble to help the government in their plot to kill everyone on the planet? And what about the end? That hot boy sacrifices his life to get some photos close to the zombies. Perhaps he forgot that each room made over the last 35 years has a zoom function. And something else, why does Hindenburg say before he dies. Hindenburg was an event rarely encountered by very few people. The danger of zombies will be seen by everyone in the country, possibly in the world. Does not he think nobody else will get a few snapshots? They also managed to destroy the only semi-exciting scene in the movie when the soldier follows the exotic dancer. Why is the zombie hiding behind a curtain for five minutes before attacking the girl? Especially when the zombie could have come through the door. It's probably just something that a zombie movie fan, like me, would not understand. Every day I pray that God will increase my brain's capacity long enough for me to realize all the subtle nuances of the Mass Feed. Whatever, I think it is interesting that this is the first film that has given me the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production. Hey, Trent Haaga, I'll call you!
