I do not often give reviews of a star, but my computer does not let me make negative numbers. The opening titles tell us that we are already in deep water. Although this is a low-cut film, there are 17 credited producers. Not. Not. At the beginning of the story, abusive husband Kenneth returns home to his family in a luxury community. The house is a wasteland. His wife, Della (Kim Basinger), let the children run all day. We're already in deep water. Mrs Basinger was 55 years old when the movie came out. Are they her children or grandchildren? It's Christmas Eve. Della heads toward the mall, a long scene that could have been cut. To bludgeon the home of the masculine aggression eeeeeeevil rampant in the universe she leads past football players in full uniform playing in the rain on Christmas Eve. Sure. For a bonus, she sees a vehicle with a slaughtered puppy linked to him. We have some real suspense in driving scenes, though. Rain and traffic is bad. We first see Della trying to drive and smoke at the same time. Subsequently, Della tries to drive and talk on the mobile phone at the same time, at one point to come back completely to check the back seat for the phone charger. She wanders around the mall, sees an old friend from college, tries to buy something, but her credit card is denied - boys, maybe her husband is unhappy because he's going to break, but it's too complicated for the script to follow. a lot of anger faces the most absurd film in the history of movies. A white boy (Lukas Hass pursuing his career going to the toilet), one black, one Asian and one Hispanic. Imagine a company of Up with People has gone wrong and you will have the idea. Although they have a gun, it gives them attitude. A mall policeman comes to investigate the rupture and shoots him in the head, firing several times. Parking is crowded as it might be, people everywhere and nobody notices. She escapes into the car and, rather than choosing a police station or a well-protected area, she goes to a construction site where she kills all four bad guys one by one, simply with the tools (literally) handy. <br /> <br /> MAJOR spoiler in front. She leads home. The car stops, so it passes through the torrential rain. Child checks go down and when her husband asks petulantly what led him to the mall, he showed his gun and shot him naked. The experience with the four punks was supposed to lead to Della's personal empowerment. Instead, we know that her children will probably spend Christmas in foster care or in a group house, because the state will collect them while she responds to the murder of a single charge. The four punks can be classified as justified homicides in self-defense. Husband, different story. I'm glad I saw this on the cable. If I had seen her in a theater (was it released?), I would have been angry. As it is, I'm just sad to see talents like Mrs. Basinger and Mr. Haas scatter on garbage like this one. A very good thing, though. This was written and directed by Susan Montford. Mrs. Montford has not yet obtained a written credit or guidance from the passage of this tour. There is justice in the world.
