I could not believe this terrible movie was done at all. With the worst actors you can find, the worst writing scenario (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and by far the worst loss of time in viewing. I will not make a story because it's not worth it. But I'll make some of the shows and certainly the story. As for the story, it is very hard to believe that this mad crazy cheerleader could do what he did. That, in reality, the wife could not defend against a small thing. That the husband could actually find the attractive attraction. That the lawyer of the defense could break any rule of the court and would continue to do so after the judge ordered the blank to close. And the final result of the film is an insult to justice, film codes, and male species. The theme of this misery is to let women do as they please, to kill who they want, to defend the killer and escape with him, while the man kills the innocent victim in prison. Hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and a man, would even want to make this dribbling. As for the acting: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is terrible. A boy, who has the clock during the killing process (allowed in court?) He was bored with me. Another aspect of her was to poke her eyes and to point out how innocent she was, and I would throw myself. It's not even attractive enough for a guy to leave his wife. The husband, played at a Vincent Spano level, seems to look and behave stupidly most of the time. He was so predictable in his show falling into the traps fixed to him by all the women who surrounded him. The worst was Holland Taylor as Attourney Defender. She acted everywhere in the movie and made a mockery of justice. If I had to examine myself at any time, I would have told him to go more. All the others in this movie did the work as if they did. I wish I could give this movie a zero rating. However, we are forced to start with 1. Sin. Do not be painful to watch movies like this. Life can do better, I know that. This is a postscript: it made the mistake of turning this insipid movie by mistake. As soon as I saw the bimbo Jordan Ladd, I knew I'd seen it before, and I did not like it. Not only did I strip things, but I had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell who wrote the script, but also to this horrible movie. No one sees that his message is that sickness pays. Being sick and killing people is good with this director / writer. Making totally the idiot of the males. Well, this man tells you to do something really painful. We are not so stupid and we will talk about the so-called film, which in the mind of this person deserves to be destroyed. And again, this loser is shown. Why???? Can not read the comments about this stupid and pathetic movie? Are we constantly subject to see bimbo Jordan Ladd again and again? Remove it from your TV, movies, and you do not see it. It's terrible in every sense of the word. Pfiu !!!!
