So Angela grew up and received therapy and an operation that turned her into a real daughter rather than the son she was born in, and now she has a job as a camp counselor - awaits her - ! How appropriate, right? I know, I like it. However, the first follow-up to the Sleepaway Camp franchise follows all the rules of continued horror - more blood, more amazing crimes (which are not imaginative but more than the original), more nudity, more elaborate plot and, worse than the original. <br /> <br /> It's fun in the same way as the original, in that the characters and cabinets are so goofy and so real 80 that you can not help to laugh well. At one point, a guy asks Angela and says, "I'll call you," then go away quickly. The guy says, "How's she going to call me? I do not have a phone!" and then smelling the armpit, wondering what stopped them (it's hair, dude !!). It is well-known that in the 1980s, adolescents killed were more often than not being punished by their killer for bad behavior, usually too promiscuous. When I started shooting horror movies and saw the 13 films for the first time in the mid-90s on Friday, I did not realize. I taught her in a movie class a year or two later and I was amazed that it was a way of madness. I was quite impressed, not only that the movies were carrying a kind of message, even if it was morbid, but that in reality something was thought. But not in this movie! At one point, before Angela kills one of her victims, she says, "Give her a lesson for you. Do not tell the drugs!" The subtle replica of the screen there, guys. Again, dialogue is the most fun thing in the movie. Angela (who, by the way, has gone through all of this therapy, those operations and all the troubles of cleaning her past and reviving herself as a normal and well-developed person, and then changed her name to Angela to Angela). says at one point: "I do not like being the witch of evil in the West, but I know what happens when things get out of control." (People are getting killed ... by me! HA!) Later, she asks one of the councilors, Mare, to apologize and the girl answers, "I'd rather die!" I'm sorry, Big, but you really went into this ... Two years ago I was a camp counselor in a sleeping camp similar to the one presented in this movie (except for the camp I learned at more than three children in the 15 or 20 counselors and also had rules that one of the films does not have). This made me notice the mirages of discrepancies in the film from what the life of the camp really is. <br /> <br /> That's fine, but you can hardly make a movie like this, with many 9-year-olds, while 10 or 11-year-olds were killed in this movie. I've never seen anything like this before. <br /> <br /> Clearly, bad taste, even for an 80s sosher movie ....
