This is a piece of immoral and reprehensible garbage, which no doubt wants to be a clone on Friday, 13 (1980). The poster for this movie makes it seem like there is a kind of cross between Jason and Freddy, who is likely to attract movie-goers. There is nothing good or fun about this movie about this movie. I'm just sad, I'm just thinking that some people will stumble upon Sleepaway Camp II: Campers Unhappy (1988) on video or DVD and they will waste their time with this sad, cynical and depressing movie. <br /> <br /> Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a camp counselor at Camp Rolling Hills, who hopes the other camps are just as nice as they are and they no longer have problems. Meanwhile, the other campsite realize that people disappear one by one, Angela making an excuse to send them home. Could it be Angela the killer, who once was a man who underwent a sex change operation years before? Who knows? Who cares? In the 1980s a lot of movies were made that made the cross between the genres of Mad Slasher and the Dead Teenager, in which a killer killer goes berserk. Some have a plot, some not, but they are as bad as it is. Sleepaway Camp II: Unfortunate Campers is 80 minutes of adolescents being introduced and then being stabbed, strangled, impaled, chopped, burnt alive, and mutilated. That's all this movie. It's just a mindless and bloody violence. Watching this film, I was reminded of the film on Friday 13th, in which the message to the viewers was that the primary function of adolescents is to be hacked to death. Sleepaway Camp II filmmakers have every right to be ashamed of themselves. Imagine the sick message that this film gives to its viewers: "The world is a totally bad place," says this movie, "and it will kill you, no matter what your dreams or your hopes are. or a new girlfriend No matter what you think, what you do or what plans for the future are .. You can forget these plans, because you're just going to the dead wind. "<br /> <br /> And the worst thing is - and without giving too much - the film just sets the stage for a sequel. Well why not? They probably have their bucket already in the barn, making three or four of these movies. I missed the original Sleepaway Camp (1983), and after watching her first sequel, I hope to stay away from the other sequences as well as the original. And for parents, if you know kids who really CREATE this movie, do not let them meet their children.
