I met this dance on a rainy Sunday, trying to meet something else. From curiosity, I came to the comments here and I woke up to look at it all the way. We did not do it intentionally - it was one of those movies you're "fascinated", and you're watching it for "a few more minutes," until finally you just follow it all the way. And the indictment in most of these observations made it more fascinating to see. The only comment the person really liked seems to be just as a result of Ladd and Spano's pleasure and their previous roles. But great is nowhere to be found anywhere here - a story, shows and, in particular, an absurd courtroom. We all know that Perry Mason (before Raymond Burr exceeded the mark of 300 lb) and Ben Matlock enjoys a margin of maneuver in cavorting around the meeting room rather than being boringly limited to a piano. Matlock also receives the privilege of entering exhibits, often by simply going to the jury and presenting them before the judge and prosecutor are even informed or show them. No real-life judge or prosecutor would support that. Both Perry and Ben almost ended the process by turning a real killer's confession. In fact, Perry has almost done this, but most of the time Matlock would only present the overwhelming evidence of the real culprit, pronouncing him "a reasonable doubt," and then letting the cops and prosecutors act against the guilty party - sometimes at the end of the show. But that said Holland Taylor's histrionics and the amount of maneuver they offered in the section of this story made Matlock / Mason's actions more like slow, often boring ones, such as those seen in the TV courtyard and in real-time living rooms. Each character in this presentation was either insipid, insensitive, tiring, boring, unlikely - or a combination of two or more of them. The end was the most trivial, absurd, even stupid conclusion - but fascinating again because of that. Ladd and Spano are attractive and t.v. movies would be the best - probably the best of the 2nd role (probably better if the "third"), even in this place. Taylor could be thrown like the aunt or the mother of one of them. Give them a single star for the story / shows and 3 more for the fascination factor.
