The original Trancers is not a great movie at all. It had massive plot holes and very little internal logic. However, it was fun, better done than most budget B films and could be surprisingly spiritual. Unfortunately, Trancers II is none of these. Trancers II suffer from many of the same problems of most flop segments. The plot is thin enough to see and writing is insipid. It seems that the people behind this film felt that bringing familiar faces of the first film back would be enough and would not bother with anything else. Not even a veteran of class B actors, like Tim Thomerson and Jeffery Combs, were able to shoot this movie from muck. A brief presentation of the plot: Jack Deth (Thomerson) is a future policeman who was sent in 1985 to save the ancestors of his government. Trancers II takes place six years after the events of the first Trancers. Jack Deth is married to Lena (Helen Hunt), the woman he met in the first film and both live with Hap Ashby, Deth was sent to protect him in the past. It is discovered that Whistler's brother (the bad guy from the first film) traveled back in time to create an army of Tranchers, people turned into murderers killers zombies to kill Ashby. Compiling Jack's mission is that his first wife, who died long before Jack had traveled in the past, was also sent back to stop Whistler's brother, and now Jack is in co-operation with her. two real issues with this movie. One is that the method of creating Trancers in this movie is radically different from the methods used in the first film. What makes annoying is that, in a rather poor example of Soviet revisionism, they behave as if it had always been the technique. The other thing that annoys me is that the love triangle between Deth, Lena and Alice Stilwell (Jack's first wife) gets very little time on the screen. This bothered me especially because it was more interesting than the real script of the movie. It felt like it was something that was thrown to fill the space in the movie. The character of Alice, in particular, seems very devoid of being reunited with her husband just to find that it is renewed, making it either very superficial or very badly written. The only reason I can think about watching this movie is if you're interested in watching the entire Trancers series (currently, in total, six movies). Otherwise, even if you are a fan of the original Tranceri, stay away from this constant firm.
