Christmas Eve and the lazy and subjective housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receives some violent threats from her troubled and abusive husband. Leaving her twin children in bed, she admired herself in the night for a final shopping mall at the local mall. Getting him there and finding a parking space is almost impossible, Della looks at a car parker who parked in two spaces, leaving a note saying so much. Returning to her car after visiting the shops, faced with some yobs, Yup the car owners who left a note, I am very angry and want to have fun with her, a guard guard penetrates to help, but things get out of hand and the guard is shot, Della flies with those who kill now, in hot pursuit, they shoot at her, loses control of the car and collapses, quickly grabbing the toolbox in the trunk, hides in a deserted yard, but is in soon caught before he tried to kill and kill her from the magic toolbox that a key produced, injuring the Chuckie leader, and managed to escape again into the nearby forest in the slum that kill, it just happens to be the black guy. This is getting worse at night for all those involved as a result of a deadly cat and mouse game. A line similar to Eden Lake drew my attention, but here's the comparison. This is a brainless and stupid film, shocked by the script and acted horribly by all involved, Disney-esquire twin children are horrible to watch, but Lukas Haas as Chuckie, who has to take pleasure in the bad actors department, though he she gives her a sum of money for her husband, just as terrible. As a film, the plot line is completely telegraphed to the end, even when it's set up, Della's cell phone gets dead, and then in her stores the credit card has been canceled by hubby and has no money, or Christmas Eve, now where could he go with this? I wonder? The only surprising part of this hit is that after killing all the bad guys with the contents of the magic instrument box, she asks Chuckie to do it, if my jaw had not already been on the floor in this terrible movie, she would have escaped be crushed on the floor. even the end is embarrassed, all female females wishing to lose their meat remain completely disappointed. I did not think I could be more disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this game
