Since the 1970s, writer / producer / director Charles Band has been responsible for hundreds of science fiction, fantasy and horror B movies. Some of these are great examples of using a small budget at maximum effect; many of them are bad enough. Trancers (1985) was one of those rare stones. A Terminator story about time and action travels, Trancers saw Tim Thomerson playing Jack Deth, a future policeman responsible for the pursuit of evil-guy Whistler, who is moving in the past by living an ancestral body . Whistler is able to control others with his psychic powers, turning them into "trankers" and trying to change the course of history by killing the ancestors of the leaders of the future. Jack follows him in 1985, determined to stop him. In this 1991 sequel, Jack is still alive in 1985. Having destroyed Whistler, he settled down and married Leena (Helen Hunt), a young woman who helped him succeed in the first film. But for Jack, things have not been quiet for a long time, and trouble comes in the form of Whistler's brother, E.D. Wardo, who is trying to build a transceiver army. <br /> <br /> Tranchers II have no charm and simplicity of the original and it is a great disappointment considering how good the original was. The story is difficult to take if you have not seen the first movie (or at least not for a long time), and there are a lot of unimpressive actions and some poor special effects. Gone is the inventiveness and spirit that made Trancers so much fun; Instead, we will get some unique gaskets and a script that resembles the fact that it was written during the flight. The only reason I can recommend this movie to the fans of the genre is distribution, which has many names that will be known by science fiction and horror followers: Jeffrey Combs, Barbara Crampton, Richard Lynch, Martine Beswicke. Unfortunately, most of them seemed to have a "free day" while filming Trancers II, and performances are mediocre at best. The Trancers Series obviously has its fans; four subsequent continuations were later uprooted. Unless the quality has undergone a massive upward swing, I can not imagine they are good.
