So this was what actress Kim Basinger gave away? Mmm ?? to tell the truth the title of the movie is something quite occult grabbing to get your interest and sketch the plot reads so basic but simplicity can have its strengths. Anyway, by the end of the movie "While He Was Out", we remained sensationally indifferent. It's not even worse (despite being swallowed by the negative), but it's much easier to live in a caucasian, but compact and unbalanced, late-life survival story from a poor suburban female housewife in the woods trying to fight for her life after witnessing the death of a tenant who had come to her help when she caused a bad exchange of punks in a shopping park. The problem here falls on the wrong, predictable material (taken from a short story) along with very variable performance. The brilliant scenario has been badly thought (which is not so good when your plot has an easy structure to close), so many unfortunate inclusions and dubious actions just keep on finding its way into this chain of endless events. Regarding the stereotypical goon bunch (led by a Lukas Hass unconvincing as a free canon), terrorizing Basinger, they were less threatening, but hopeless. Watching Basinger drain into the wilderness with a red box of tools in his hand (do not ask me why?), Biting these singers one by one, became ridiculous, because it did not cause tension or excitement? but, in turn, embarrassing jerks, which were absurd because of the stupidity to drive up. Basinger's performances are similar, but they do not have too much empathy. Craig Sheffer appears as her hot-head husband. Could I really keep my eyes off the screen? thinking that the red tool is hypnotic (why would she wear it constantly) and what tool will it use to send the next thief? her choices were quite disappointing. Following her transformation into the traumatic situation when things are finally coming back is rather empty, because of its uncertain tone and the end is something you could see before it. Susan Montford did not have cohesion and energy, as it does quite a lot. I still enjoyed the opening credits with scary scary score (which is the most effective thing in this feature) and polished shooting. Do not ask yourself too long, but I would not like to see it again. However, with the inclusion of a Joy Division song, it made me take some of their albums for listening.
