Although I can not deny that his films are often fun, I have always felt personally that Martin Scorsese is just a little overestimated in his abilities. His use of stylish flashy in a large number of his films seems to scream "Look at me, am not I an imaginative director?". The best movie I've ever seen is the one with the least developed flowers, the superlative "Raging Bull". For this remake it seems to be business as usual. The dull piece of film that sent a 1950s settlement was so gentle that it was a distraction of attention itself. The melodramatic bells, combined with the sub-paralysis of the classic "Psycho" score, are more likely to cause lifting noises than a feeling of atmospheric terror. The score for "Psycho" was terribly disturbing, this "homage" sounds just bad and annoying. Even distribution, which may be decent sometimes, offers histrionic performances that just scream "caricature"; the notable exception of this was that Lewis was an intelligent being, as the impressive teenage daughter of the Bowden family. The worst offending act here is surprising De Niro. Surely, he looks threatening, but as soon as he opens his mouth, the aura leaks. Now I'm not an expert in American accents, originally coming from Manchester United in England and everything, but surely he could come up with a more convincing South draw than that? Being the talented physical actor, he overcomes almost this fatal flaw, but not enough. It was disturbing to me that, as a fan of De Niro, I would have liked to stop being screened, instead of taking his life. the top style of the entire film extends to the ridiculously overwhelming end. When Scorsese will learn that undermining the situation can sometimes create tension as effectively as giving a viewer a visual and sonic bombardment? I also thought that a reputation was well respected to resort to the "killer-not-dead-but-cheap" trick, which less talented people could use. In total, a "thriller". Scorsese and De Niro have done much better to work together.
