"Look, I know it could suck right now, but the pain is temporary, the movie is forever. Whatever you do now is burned in celluloid forever and for thousands of years to come." ?? Robert De Niro This was originally a movie for Steven Spielberg, the director who hired a few scriptwriters to adjust the script so that it fits better with his themes. So we have a dysfunctional family that is threatened by a disturbed monster in the form of a release recently released from Robert De Niro Prison. Like the "Jurassic Park," "Poltergeist," and "World War," family dysfunctional troops together to defeat the beast, the beast being the father's creation, a lawyer who failed to defend De Niro during his trial. Typically Spielberg, the father kills the monster that undermines the family and is then immediately freed from his sins. Just like Oscar Schindler, Robin Williams, Sam Niel, Tom Cruise, and virtually any Spielberg figurine father, his father recovers his paternal debt to the kind of sweet pepper that Spielberg enjoys so much. But Spielberg eventually abandoned the image, and the project was transformed instead into Martin Scorsese, who at that time tried to try his hand at a more commercial tariff. The result is, of course, the worst movie in Scorsese's filmography and, ironically, the most enlightened. A failure or error of the artist is often very revealing, exposing the inner workings of his art. When the story does not work, the characters do not connect or the images do not break, we find some kind of inner core. This? the rest of the casing - is what the director's cinematography does. Now, "Cape Fear" is an impersonal movie, so we will not find the thematic links with the rest of Scorsese's filmmaking ("You've already sacrificed" De Niro screamed, but the themes of Catholic Redemption films are the cookie cutter). What the film does, however, is the exposition of a kind of language that his filmography is based on. Watch how Scorsese's room desperately creeps back and forth, how he frenziously approaches the door and windows, trying to force the tension, and how his characters are loud and screaming for attention. But, more importantly, watch the way the movie does not make sense in space. A showdown on a boat at the end of the movie takes place on an obvious sound stage, a street parade is claustrophobic and takes place in a wider context, and the family home does not seem to be anywhere in particular. There is simply no geographical meaning to anything in the picture, Scorsese was incapable of filming space or creating a space environment. <br /> <br /> The reason for this is that Scorsese's room must always be tied or intimately linked to its central character. For the world around the character to make sense, his room must focus on the character. Resnais can take you around a French hotel, Welles and Hitchcock can dance on a street and in a building, Cameron can offer you a tour of the Titanic, Scott can recreate an entire urban future city, Lucas can give you a desert planet and other executives can create a sense of space through "close-shot shot-wide shot" textbooks, but Scorsese can not do that. There is no poetry, no sense of tangible space in his films. It's all about the character. If you call this link, leave that boxing ring, taxi cab, look away from De Niro and it all collapses. He can not get away from this documentary filmmaking style, which in a way is a prerequisite for the action movie. Scorsese tried to fix this problem with "Gangs of New York," where space and crowds become the central character, but even this self-conscious spatial experiment becomes sabotaged by Daniel Day Lewis's magnetism, the actor drawing inexorably Scorsese's room toward he's like a moth on a bulb. > 5/10 ?? Even as a generic B movie, this is a nasty and vulgar movie. Look at the matte paintings, the inept stress tests, the rotorscoped special effects and the fistfight hockey fight. Still, we have Robert De Niro to lift the weakness. De Niro, who gives Scorsese's body as a tattooed Christ, offers the film the only wonderful scene. In an improvised romantic sequence, with a young Juliette Lewis, she fingers her thumb in her mouth and kisses her. A kind of symbolic rape, the girl runs away, so excited and rejected by the man's interest. But De Niro's performance, so delicious over the top, simply can not be imitated by Scorsese. You need the operatic tone and Baroque images of some people like De Palma to do this. But Scorsese? It's not worth it. <br /> <br /> It's worth watching.
