First of all, even Kim Basinger? Does your rich banker banker leave you alone in your beautiful, most likely cash-paid home, and you can not make a decent shirt? I am a woman, and yes, I will come immediately, say it - cleanse something, starting with your hair. And when you're at it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy the children some gifts ... or at least one Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the crowded mall, park your car 3 miles away, and cry over the entrance and just buy wrapping paper. Also, the next time you decide to leave someone an ugly note, do not sign your name. I refuse to be sorry for Della. Obviously, due to the fact that Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, she wants you to feel sorry for the soft blond white woman. I took. Alec Baldwin is a bastard, but seriously, he does not make horrible movies after your own life. You are also in your 50s. Surely you did not have twins for 8 years. AND THESE NAMES? Terry and Tammy. The way to let your children grow up with any decent chance of ever respecting it. It's also fantastic to hear the characters in the movie who call it constantly nice or to refer to her as a "girl" ... obviously Mrs. Basinger has said something about what's happening in the script . It's also pretty awesome how none of the criminals can fight back. It seems Della's magic ninja skills are impossible to defeat. His leadership skills are pretty cute. This movie is so cliché, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They wrote your wrong name on the cup of tea. Or your husband put a hole in the wall, but all you can think of is to buy nail polish when you're at the mall instead of maybe a plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school bought the teddy you were looking at. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to pull that BRIGHT groove outfit while she runs through the woods screaming and breaking everything in her way proves my point of view - this woman is a moron. Who is thinking of removing the tool set in the car, but not their bag, full of identifying artifacts such as your ADDRESS. I did not want the "bad boys" to succeed as much as when I watched this movie. And did someone else catch the "African American" shirt that the black guy was athletes? Oh, yes, turn around and enjoy your eyes, probably the most rational stereotype of a movie yet. Do not miss the hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, go ahead and do what Della could not figure out how to do ... take care of your children and maybe brush your hair. This powerful ballad, in the end, was quite impressive. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain, while your bloody arm clings so tightly on the wrapping paper, is just as exciting as it happens. Thank you Della!
