I really do not want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear with the classic Cape Fear movie in 1962, but I can not help him. Not only are I a big fan of Robert Mitchum, and Gregory Peck played in Cape Fear, but when Scorsese includes scenes from the previous movie (Cady took the ignition keys, the dog dies) and even using Bernard Herrmann's score on all the way through the movie, he does not give me many opportunities not to make a comparison because I can not think of the classic Cape Fear almost in every scene. When compared to Scorsese's classic version of "Cape Fear," the remake comes out of the destruction of the classic; but even when you take the film by yourself it is still bad. Now, Scorsese and screenwriter Wesley Strick did not remake just the 1962 Cape Fear scene for the scene, they tried to do things differently. Unfortunately, this is one of the film's problems. Gone is the original madman and Max Cady's animal who is in personal revenge, Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fan who saves Sam Bowden and is in contact with his feminine side (his words, not mine). Also, stand-up and powerful Sam Bowden seen in the classic Cape Fear movie, Sam found in 1991's remake is very ugly, Magoo, disbelieving, and very impressive. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character - he's more crazy than Max Cady! The story was also changed - Sam did not testify against Cady in court to put him in jail as in the classic version, Sam is now Cady's former lawyer, who Cady suspects he did not do everything he could to prison and is about to "save" it. The general story has changed and does not hold too much against it, but the overall scenario is also weak around. Other sub-plots were thrown into blend that not only distract attention from the larger image, they are also just badly written. The film also includes some absolutely absurd scenes and is full of apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can not take seriously. These aspects go away from the dangerous and thrilling nature that the movie should have, but they also have help in this department. Now the classical version of Cape Fear has been filmed extraordinarily brilliant and a powerful and powerful suggestive subtlety, combined with a fierce brutality that has thrills when the movie calls her a sense of danger throughout her life. However, Scorsese is not capable of doing any of these things in Cape Fear, offering the movie a cutter-cookie in the early 1990s, without a sense of danger, with no tense scenes and little style (if you do not count the animated fire and the skyline style) . Yes, there is some terrible violence and an effort has been made to make Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ends naked and with all the shock, but without veneration. If all that was not enough, the act is not great. Robert De Niro (who was nominated in a way for an Oscar for his performance) starts with Max Cady, but gets worse until he starts to take a laugh instead of a scarecrow until the end of the movie. The opposite thing happens to Jessica Lange and her performance by Mrs. Bowden, who has overtaken, for most of the film, a convincing presentation of fear and despair towards the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the movie: beige. Juliette Lewis (who was also nominated for an Oscar nomination) is pretty decent in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she is called to play a really stupid idiom and it's hard to like what we see on screen. <br /> This movie seems to be often considered one of the few good remakes, and I can not figure out why. I wanted to like; I really did, that is, if it's a remake of Cape Fear, I'd like to like that one too - but I could not. Given that there is nothing special and that was crushed by the inevitable comparison with Cape Fear, I found that Martin Scorsese's "Cape Fear" really is indeed a very bad movie. The best things about the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their supporting roles - the figure.
