I think we all started a lot of comments, "That could have done a GREAT movie." A fresh ex-con dement, a subordinate target family. Revenge, revenge, manipulation. Marty usually sits on Karo syrup. But, unfortunately, somewhere in the high building of the Universe, a memorandum has come down: everyone packs it. Nolte speaks only with high eyebrows, Lange collides with cigarettes, Lewis "Ohmagod's!" through her scenes, and Bobby D ... well, she's on another magical rug. It affects a kind of Cajun / Huckleberry Hound accent hybrid, knocks fatty cigars and pricks at random atrocities such as "The troubled child." And I want you to imagine the emphasis mentioned above. Imagine now that you are browsing the religious rhetoric of the brain at the top volume, like swallowing six bibles, and you have De Niro's schism here. However, the most fun of all is the most used use of De Niro's face, for which he is praised. His eyes gushing, his brow wrinkled, his lips curled. Crime, Bob, you looked like a plastic man. The apparent story began outside the screen 14 years earlier when Nolte failed to kill De Niro in the fight for various attacks. After his release, he feels Nolte's mistake since then, justifying his terror and his relatives. And we should offer a character that is easy to De Niro's character, because Nolte ignored information that might have shortened the sentence. De Niro being one of these criminals who, despite being guilty of indiscriminate acts, believes that his lack of freedom justifies the continuation of such acts outside. Mmm-kay. She goes to Notle's closest mistress (in a scene some people want to remove), wife, daughter, family dog, you know. Which is one of the shortcomings of Wesley Strick's scenario: total predictability. Since each of De Niro's harassment becomes more frightening, you can call the rest of the action before it happens. Strick does not have to be totally discredited, because he manages to accomplish some interesting moments of dialogue (De Niro and Lewis changes in an empty theater is the best scene of the film), but more is more and more. Scorsese's goal is to be forced, not to mention the Bernard Hermann score exceeded by HORRIBLY (I waited for the wolf man to appear with a genetically increased tarantula). at the comic side of the movie. Unintentionally comedic, that is. Do you know those scenes where something great graphics are happening, but can not help but get over the others? You will do it here. Nolte and Lange stammered about infidelity, De Niro's flirt, cross-dressing, and a kitchen sliding on a certain substance that must be seen believing. And Bob's infernal, unceasing, CONSTANT, mind-damaging, endless-ending ramblings full of breath of all the "philosophy" he had discovered in prison. I wanted to kill him to shut him up more than to save this annoying family. I always hate to borrow thoughts from other reviewers, but here it is necessary. This is indeed Freddy Krueger's version of Scorsese. The way De Niro enjoys, speaks, stalks, resists pain even to his only shirts, is vintage Freddy. After being burnt by a pot of water thrown: "Try to offer hot?" Please. And that's just an example. If you were not a fan of the original movie since 1962 and want a feeling of seeing Balsam, Peck and Mitchum almost 30 years later (or want a serious film that shocks head experience), avoid a trip to the Cape.
