By rights, there should never have been "the first part of the blood II". The original script for "First Blood" had made John Rambo suicide at the end of the film, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to continue, but the audience found that the end the original is too depressing. However, one person clearly believed that the character was too good to lose, because he became a hero of two other films in the 1980s plus the fourth installment recently released. The official title of this film was "Rambo: First Part II Blood," but is more commonly known as "Rambo". He starts with the title-holder in prison, where he is supposed to send out crimes committed in "First Blood," though this is never too explicit. He is taken out of prison by his former commander, Colonel Trautman, for a secret mission. Rambo has to return to Vietnam to investigate reports that American defenders are still held captive by the Communist regime. He has strict instructions not to try to save the prisoners or to hire the enemy; he's just an investigation mission. What Rambo does not realize is that he is set up not by Trautman, who is portrayed as courageous, honorable and incorruptible, but by the mission's organizer, a military bureaucrat named Murdock. Murdock intends the mission to prove that there are no US detainees in Vietnam, partly because it will improve relations between the US and Vietnamese governments, partly because it will make your own life easier. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovers that not only are Americans still detained, but they are also hated. Of course, he is too much a hero to leave them to their fate and try to save them. The rest of the film is more or less a long struggle between Rambo and a few allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the common evil soldiers and their Russian allies. Most of the evil is, of course, the end of death, although I was surprised to find out from the trivia section that the total number of deaths was as low as 67. Sometimes it seemed that Rambo was trying to destroy the entire Vietnamese Army. The tone of this film is very different from the one. In "The First Blood," Rambo was undoubtedly a killer, even though the responsibility for his crimes was diminished by serious challenges and mental instability. In "Rambo" he is a hero from all over the world. A few years earlier, director George Pan Cosmatos made the Cassandra Crossing, a biased piece of anti-American propaganda on the left. Cosmatos, however, was nothing if it was not versatile, and "Rambo" proves that he could turn his hand to pro-American propaganda oriented to the right. The only thing the two films have in common is that both are bad laughs. The "first blood" had its mistakes, but it also had its virtues. His position that the anti-war movement was partly to blame for the Vietnamese veterans' problems in rehabilitating civilian life was controversial, but at least the film was trying to make a statement about war, social attitudes to war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo", on the contrary, has very few virtues, except that sequences of action are quite well done to please those who enjoy such things. It is, in essence, a kind of jingoistic revenge fantasy for those Americans still wounded in connection with the Vietnam War. Rambo reaffirms the war with one hand, and this time the right side wins. Take it, Charlie Cong! By this point, undoubtedly, the admirers of the film (and there seems to be a lot - more than 2,000 voters have already given him ten stars) will have come to the conclusion that I am a pinko liberal comic-loving. Far from it-in fact, I have always despised communism as a pernicious ideology. What I do not like about the film is not its policy, but its lack of subtlety and the suggestion that solving all the problems, including ideological disputes, is to go with all the weapons and try to kill as many people as possible. He makes no attempt to understand the political complexity of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in the region has been pro-American. For all his anti-communism, the film is a sort of moronic propaganda, which the Communists had very well to do outside - except that they attributed all the problems of the world of capitalism, imperialism or revisionism or any other things that they had a contempt. Compared to "Rambo", "Green Berets" was a piece of political analysis. 3/10
