While the first original blood had its extreme moments, it was at least interesting in some parts. In Rambo: The first blood, Part II, is greatly shifted to the action of comic books. Plausibility is totally rejected; logical nose-diving; Stallone becomes so impregnable that there can be no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like any other accomplice of the time (eg Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II cancels its own real enthusiasm opportunities, presenting a hero too invulnerable to fear. If you can say from the word that Rambo will destroy hundreds of enemy soldiers, what's left to be excited? <br /> <br /> Closed after the events of the first film, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) is forgiven if he joins a hidden operation in the Far East. The year is 1985, and a mission is arranged to find out if there is any American PoW still caught in the jungles of Vietnam. Rambo is encouraged to take his job from his former mentor, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the mission is actually the creation of a government by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's job is just to head to a prison jungle camp and see if it contains some American PoWs? if not, he has to meet a helicopter; otherwise they must obtain photographic evidence of their existence so they can be saved later. Leading him in his search is a soldier with local knowledge, beautiful and inventive Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Sure enough, Rambo discovers that I'm in PoWs in the camp, but does he go beyond his orders by saving one of them? when it reaches the meeting point, the rescue helicopter abandons him on Murdock's orders, which, apparently, do not really want to find poWs because of political and military implications. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape, he tries to free the PoWs and get revenge on the dirty Murdock. Some good points of the film come from Jack Cardiff's polish, the extraordinary score of Jerry Goldsmith, and the absolute professionalism of the stunt team in conducting various action actions. Beyond these strangeness, the film is a failure. Actors are reduced to macho posture, false intrigue, action sequences are soulless and without suspense, dialogue is absurd? even violence becomes predictable. At the time of his release, America was under the chairmanship of Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and almost hysterical anti-communist feelings. For this reason, contemporary audiences defended this commemorating film as if it were the greatest film of all time, turning it into an unprecedented success in the box office. Fortunately, have they ever changed? nowadays we can see it as a simple action action, with an extremely large number of bodies, a ridiculously stupid policy and a ridiculous hero.
