The summary summarizes everything. This is not as good as the original. With a script co-written by both Stallone and James Cameron (at the same time he also wrote aliens). Most of the action was written by Cameron, and the political aspects were written by Stallone. Sly was in the best physical condition as he did Rocky 4 and he looks in a great or eye-catching form on steroids, depending on your point of view or opinion. Rambo begins in jail and is visited by Colonel Trautman, who asks him to leave on a special mission to win his presidential forgiveness. Eventually, he agrees and goes to the briefing camp led by Charles Napier, who plays a costume from Washington, trying to get past ex-forces to fill Rambo. The mission is to find out if there is a POW still alive in the Vietnam camps. Rambo was elected while the camp he was checking was somewhere himself a prisoner himself. It is said that it is not a rescue mission and that he is there to take recon reconciliation. After a wrong attempt to leave a plane, he loses most of his kits, meets his contact (who turns out to be a pretty woman) and travels down with the pirates in the camp. He finds that there are still prisoners and saves one. As the three run half of the Vietnamese army on their riverboat, they are betrayed by pirates, but Rambo kills them all and is forced to go to the landing point after their boat has been blasted and thrown with Rambo almost on board. Rambo is betrayed again and abandoned, while Napier orders the rescue helicopter to withdraw. It is clear that Trautman returns to the base to concede that no survivor was expected to be found. Steven Berkoff appears as a Russian Colonel Spetznatz, and Rambo is tortured and eventually escapes only to be watched by more Vietnamese and Spetznatz troops. By killing many of them, Rambo finally steals a helicopter and saves most prisoners to return to his base. He resists the need to kill Napier for abandoning him, but destroying the Ops Center. <br /> <br /> A weak plot and a very weak end, as Rambo leaves in the sunset as a free man.
