The ghost of the Vietnam War has haunted the American psyche for thirty years. If not because tens of thousands of US soldiers left for MIA in Vietnam, or the way those who returned were treated, then because it was the first war that America could lose. Many people came home from the war a shadow of their former self, and the first original blood managed to give a brief perspective on their problems as they tried to spin back into the world, as they say. The first part of Blood II, on the other hand, is little more than a pumping mess, which goes on to illustrate how aggressive America can be in both victory and defeat. Stallone puts another slow performance as the Special Forces Commander, while Richard Crenna is trying to hold the weight of the serious actor. If everything comes back is in the script that did not do better when it was called Missing in action and played with Chuck Norris. What does not exist in logic is now gone, as directors decide to paint a large S on Rambo's massive chest. The film rises shortly after the end of the First Blood. The film, that is, the novel, did not allow the continuation. In this mediocre pursuit, Rambo was put into the service of what appears to be some kind of outdoor mine. As the stones break and sweat, a prison guard takes him away to go and talk to Colonel Trautman, who advises him that his government is willing to give him an early release if he goes on a secret mission. Rambo, never one to withdraw from violent work on a hard day, accepts and is immediately sent to a hidden base in what seems to be Cambodia or Thailand (I forgot why). From there, he is tasked to look for a camp that is supposed to hold US MIAs and photograph them. His mission clearly states that he should not make any attempt to secure his release. Rambo being Rambo, however, has other ideas, despite their possible political implications. Of course, things go somewhat when it turns out that people who have ordered Rambo's work have more interest in making sure that no American is MIA. It's about the old conspiracy theory, and it's not excuse for exploiting the situation of many American families who have been left without a son during the ten-year official Vietnam war. Of course, with the jingoism inherent in American society in the 1980s, they could only help in a tangent of the plot in which the Vietnamese army was in bed with what seems to be a single battalion of Russians. Together, the two antagonists are trying to retrieve what information they can get from Rambo, but they are back to them in an orgy of bullets, arrows, rockets and destruction. The only thing missing is when Rambo drinks from a grail-type chalice and declines invincibly. To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed and well-corrected show. Hand-to-hand combat with the bigger Russian commander is one of the few battles in the movie that has any dramatic tension. The rest is simply a case of the main actor and the director building a fantasy for the Americans to pump their fist. Fortunately, this madness of America's and other action movies soon ceased when several introspective and intelligent war movies, such as the Platoon, began to make rounds. Some of the killings here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander meets an end that many guest of action film would envy. The Russian commander bites him in such a spectacular manner that he is ridiculous. Only in an action movie of the 1980s one can see that a LEGO is being used inside a helicopter. Sure, there were action movie clips rooted in contradictions in fact, but never ridiculed it before. I gave Rambo: The first blood part II one out of ten. It is so bad that it is ridiculous and so ridiculous that it is often funny. You do not even have to serve in the army to know how stupid are some action sequences. The only risk it involves is trying to make a bad political statement with what is an unconscious subject for those directly involved. Hold your tongue firmly in the cheek and be traced.
