I do not see many reasons to get into this movie in detail. Sylvester Stallone is again John Rambo, author and survivor of the movie "A Season in Hell," recruited from prison by his only friend, Major Richard Crenna, to return to Vietnam secretly to take pictures of American prisoners, camps and return without hiring the enemy. <br /> <br /> Chances of fat. If he did nothing but sneak, take pictures and sneak? Who would come to see the movie? <br /> <br /> It's essentially a celebration of Stallone's muscles. Preparing for his mission, we see his muscles biting well. (There are lubricated and bullets along the whole.) There is the ritual related to black leather, ugly weapons and even wet knives. The black pistols are cleaned, assembled with strong noises and almost as oily as Stallone's muscles. The bow is tested and, yes, has enough maneuver to drive a bolt through the enemy's forehead. The knife is sharpened with polished snicks. Stallone and one of his rifles are betrayed by one or two Washington suits, cynical politicians who, you bet, have never been in a fist fight in grammar school. No courage, you know? Just stand on your desk and drink foreign beer. The movie does what it wants to do, but what it wants is simple. Deliberately, it deals with the popular myth in the mid-1980s, that there is an insignificant number of MIA kept quietly in the miserable northern Vietnamese camps. Bumper stickers have been ubiquitous. (Free MIAs.) Why would they keep them? It has never been fair enough, but can turn the firemen into a slave labor force - in a country that has absolutely no resources but work. Or perhaps for their value of propaganda as a tool of humiliation of the United States - a propaganda weapon that the Vietnamese kept secret in the world. As captive, Rambo is treated in a medieval North Vietnamese manner. He dropped his throat into pigs and then pulled out his wrists, his muscles still exposed. Then he is not content with the sub-human Vietnamese, a Russian officer is brought to play the role of the Gestapo officer - "Vee haff vays of MAKING you remember." A high-tech type, the Russian uses psychology and electrical energy, not just pigs. Rambo returns and says he intends to move without targets until "this country loves us as much as we like". bringing another myth that veterans returning from Vietnam were spitting and screaming uniformly, which is why I think we chose so many at the Congress and appointed others to high positions. The last three presidential candidates were among those who despised the group. At least Rambo paddle and left space is open for a sequel that has arrived quickly. Action movies with Schwarzenegger and Willis and others have been stifled by the goblins, but Rambo is unhappy. He proudly travels through the fantastic ideological swamp, killing mercilessly, barely speaking, with the ability to speak. Speaking is a sign of weakness.
