An early offensive adventure, FIRST HEALTH PART II, ​​seemed to capture the state of mind of the USA at the time of its release in the mid-1980s, with right-wing reactions and virulent anti-red feelings still unfinished, although the appearance of a certain Mikhail Gorbachev the heart of the "Evil Empire" in Moscow will soon make these kinds of redundant films, even Reagan himself has finally admitted this truism. In this regard, we can be most grateful for Gorby, not for his disarmament treaties with the US, nor his policy of glasnost or even his support for democracy being restored in the countries of Eastern Europe in the former court of the Union Soviet. diminishing some mad adventures, jingoistic and full of war wars like this. The first RAMBO movie was not nearly perfect, though at least it was an actionable and thriller action action story that was not too bad. In this sequel, any sense of the farthest condemnation is instantly unleashed for the sensitive, sensitive crisis and the incident in which Rambo has taken over tens of Vietnamese and Russian stereotypes by themselves to save the US POW for ten years after the end conflict, with the Americans on the losing side. Perhaps the reason why the film was a huge box office success was to let many Americans do fantasy, maybe they lost the war, but there were still unfinished things at hand and comic funny heroes, with a robot hero, red in sight, as much as possible hardware, has fulfilled such great ideals. This could have been fun at SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN levels, but unfortunately everything is played absolutely right. let's not say there's no humor in the movie, unfortunately it's basically all kinds of unintentional. Action scenes, although technically appropriate, never have a bit of persuasion or conviction because they are always placed in the most spectacular Convince yourself of contexts, namely, our Rambo hero is always untouched a few cuts and bruises here and there), despite the explosive tones, grenades, fireworks, etc., around him. Between chaos, what is a scenario consists of the sweetest clichés and banality. If deliberately it appears to have deliberately given Ramon, who co-wrote the script with James Cameron (a long way from the interesting TERMINATOR made last year), very little to say in English understood and simply goes out with moronic mummies, almost as if he invented his own brand of patois, to be understood only for him. Perhaps his colleague Cameron was thinking again at The Terminator with so little communication involved in leadership! In this sense, Rambo seems even less a man than the Terminator did! Other distributors do not succeed with good actors such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna, who are making the best admiration for the dialogue they have given, and Steven Berkoff pushes him stubbornly once again with another red KGB role Red Army. Berkoff's overlays are nice, but they are not threatening. How did Sly manage to survive torture caused by Berkoff's electric shock to kill even more of those bastards at the Red Commie? Well, credibility is never the strength of this film. It's a fantastic work comparable to THE WIZARD OF OZ. At least it was a fantasy and a classic immortal proved to be. This is just a classic of the most cute and really offensive. And in terms of Sly's climate speech ... pretty hypocritical after we sacrificed all those people, right? By the way, in the same year, he also did ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> RATING: 3 out of 10.
