A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating. The premise seems pretty simple: Yentl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys are allowed to study, so after her father's death she decides to disguise herself as a boy to go in. She gets up and approaches Avigdor, who is married to a beautiful woman named Hadass. The family of Hadass learns that Avigdor's brother has committed suicide, and the wedding is stopped. Yentl, now called Anschel, is then selected to marry Hadass. It does, but it is never consumed. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor leave for a few days and Yentl / Anschel reveals his secret. The film ends with Avigdor returning (and getting married?) Hadass and Yentl going to America to continue their studies, though he will have to continue doing this in disguise. for a movie over 2 hours, but there are a few things that destroy it. For starters, there is SINGING constant. (I can already hear critics shouting.) Yeah, I know it's a musical, so it should be a lot of songs and dance numbers. But the movie could have been improved if it had been directed and played without them. The songs become tedious after a while and there is no dance like they would expect. Many of the songs are forgotten, with no memorable real lyrics, and those of any significance could easily be replaced by the voice. Only one song differs from the rest, "Pope Can You Hear Me". It is obvious that most of the others were deliberately placed, so Streisand might simply have a reason to show his vocal skills every five to ten minutes. Chances are that anyone who will see this movie will already know what a beautiful singer and actress is, so the songs are not really necessary. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Streisand's makeup, which can be seen in her scenes as a man (lipstick, improved eyelashes and blush marks are all obvious) makes it difficult for the audience to believe in the Yentl / Anschel character that is actually serious and deceives his new friends, colleagues and even Hadass to believe he is a man. However, we are asked for and expect to believe very much. There seems to be a contradiction as her character speaks or rather sings about how she does not think she can shoot her, but she is surprised that everyone seems to be fooled because she wears men's clothes. That means then that we expect to believe that the other characters are so naive that I can not see other differences, such as her actions, which are clear gifts. Only facial differences can not be included because other characters in the film mention that some of their relatives or male friends did not have a beard or other facial hair. However, in the 1900s, if a woman dressed as a man but wearing all sorts of makeup like Streisand's character and still trying to go as a man only because he was wearing men's clothes would have been considered unacceptable and would have provoked outrage. Perhaps she will probably have to leave the city or even the country. Therefore, the "feminine" makeup on Streisand does not borrow the credibility of the character and only weakens the plot. If applied only to make Streisand look prettier, it should have been dismembered. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, when Yentl / Anschel reveals who really is to the end, we are supposed to believe that the other characters are not as smart as Streisand and only when they learn the "truth" become a little bit more wise. So far, it is becoming increasingly obvious that the whole plot is touched so far that it is nothing more than a personalized vehicle for Streisand to feed. Eventually, there are those fans of Streisand who will not find any blame with this film, its plot or the songs. For those with whom I have to disagree with respect. While she has excellent vocal and acting skills, I'm not a "fan" of her style of singing. However, I enjoyed many of the other features, including musicals. There are even some of her songs that I like, so I'm not a "hater" and I did not even want to beat her. I wrote this review from a sincere perspective, from someone who tried everything to watch this movie - even a few times - and noted the problems inside. If Streisand was interested in creating a great or even credible film, he could have done it here without injecting the need to present himself and prove how talented, beautiful and intelligent he is almost at every step. This film only hurts her skills, make her appear self-absorbed, and thus transforms the film into a fancy laugh or public fest.
