(Sincerely, Barbra, I know you are the one to whom you click on all those "NO" on my review 22 times?) How many people did I have to instruct you to help you here? You do not have anything better to do , that you look in the mirror all day?) Steven Spielberg told Barbra that this was "the best movie I've ever seen from" Citizen Kane. "That's pretty much the case - and it serves as a bad warning What are the ingredients for a safe cinematic disaster and one that will haunt you, not forgetting the tears of both laughter and pain? Ingredients: Barbra Streisand, music, feminism, Barbra Streisand's voice, Barbra Streisand's direction and the ultra-horn / idiotic premise The Hollywood is full of Eomanians, so we know, in fact, almost everyone, by definition, must be an egomaniac in Hollywood, why would anyone want to act? "Well, if you're stupid enough to believe what I'm telling you in carefully prepared traditions? And Streisand has the greatest ego of them! This is a pretty big achievement. Being surrounded by narcissistic cretins, and yet you can cover them all? remarkable. The film, as well as all its "solo" efforts, is an ego journey from hell. Every scene where Streisand is located is ruined automatically. Still-born. But because they were not enough, do they play a bunch of Streisandy songs? you know, the kind that allowed Mariah Careys, Celine Dions and Whitney Hustons in this world to poison their precious air waves for decades. Just because she does not deserve any, but 100 episodes of South Park beats her. The premise, Streisand dressed as a man to study to become a rabbi, sounds like a ZAZ comedy anger. Besides being a cliché, the obvious problem is that Streisand does not look like a woman, nor does she look like a man? in fact, I'm not even sure it's human. The way he looks in this movie, okay? can not be described in words. E.T. looks like a high school jock by comparison. She looks more foreign than Michael Jackson in 2015. HORRIBLE looks. Songs. They made me tremble. Particularly, "Can the Pope hear me to cleanse like a woman in heat?" and "Night of tomorrow I will prepare the pursuit, YENTL 2: RETURN OF THE BITCH". Did you know that Streisand thought she had a nose job at the beginning of her career, but changed her mind when she told her her voice might change? Can you believe that? He should have done it! By killing two flies with one shot, that would have been. If you are interested in reading my biographies about Barbra Streisand and other Hollywood intellectuals, please contact me by e-mail. <br /> <br /> SHOULD BARBRA STREASAND INTO FORCE UP TO RETIREMENT? CLICK "YES" OR "NO".
