Michael Williams, working for the BBC, finds an impressive Italian image that blends in the material of his ongoing mission titled ART DIABOLIC: DOCUMENTARY. But since the mysterious death of his wife, Emily, has been emotionally disturbed, Spoleto goes where the problematic image is with her and her grandfather, Jill. And there is a countess, who is also a psychic, and she informs him that the photograph was made somehow the night that a young witch called Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe her story, but after that Emily has a hysterical spasm and Jill is killed ... This Italian film is, of course, almost innocently influenced by THE EXORCIST, but it is much cheaper, much simpler and in a sense , much more dirty. First of all, it has to be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, the story shows that Emily is a reincarnation of Emilia. But when Emily sees her in flashbacks, she sees it exclusively from a third person's point of view. But if it is the reincarnation of Emily, she should and must see the past only from the point of view of Emily. Such confusions, which the film has many, rely almost exclusively on the fact that the film is too cowardly, rather than ambivalent, to specify its quasi-Freudian theme, namely the incestuous desire of the pre-adolescent girl. In order to make things worse, this film also has a characteristic problem (if not confusion); each character is too naive and helpless to be realistic and / or credible that lives human. As for Emily (or Emilia), she is, however, a child, and it can be said that it is hard to blame her for her naivety and helplessness. (And according to Freudian theory, every girl wants to have her father's baby in her own way.In this sense, Emily is not exclusively pathological, only her way of excluding other women from her father's love is pathologically problematic. already mentioned, this movie itself is too crazy to be freudian.) The problem is that adult characters are just as childish and naive and helpless as Emily. And because of this characteristic weakness, even the psyche that sees almost everything can do nothing on earth and, because of the same weakness, the story of the film ends in a badly escaped way. In addition, the special effects of this movie are incredibly cheap and ridiculous. Although Stelvio Cipriani's music is remarkably beautiful (indeed, it's so good that it seems to be worth it), the whole movie is nothing but a cheap B movie that can disappoint even the '70s - movie car lovers.
