Oh, CGI. A blessing when used correctly. A sin is used by people who have no idea what they are doing. Unfortunately, this is not the only thing that is badly used in this jmps jaws rip-off. Okay, anyone who read any number of my posted reviews has probably noticed 2 things. 1: I like low-budget horror movies. And 2: If there's a nice guy in a low-budget movie, I'll usually tell them. So let's get out of the way right now. This is a low-budget horror movie I did not like. The act, for the most part, is horrible, ridiculous, and the script rivals Battlefield Earth as the worst we've seen this year. As for the cute resident boy ... Dax Miller (Bog) wins that prize with his hands down. This boy is hot! And, surprisingly, it's not just a toned-body with beautiful eyes and a nice ass ... he can act (well, how much can in this odious film). Now, when we have household chores off the road, let's continue with this. In the Cliff Notes version, here's the story (do not worry, I'll try not to give anything) ... A movie crew heads to a distant island to film a documentary about two surfers (a cute boy and his friend) sailing with sharks. Unknown to them is a rather large saltwater crocodile around the island. Croc appears, chaos happens and people are eaten. Roll end credits. <br /> <br /> As I said earlier, this movie blows pretty much. It started pretty well, but it soon became devoured and stupid. A main character becomes lunch (in a humorous manner) and our remaining heroes interweave the victims. Also, if this croc is at the top of the food chain both on the ground and in the water, what about all the sharks around? If this can eat a 40-foot boat, I do not think some shaggy sharks will stay around. The FX is one of the worst things we've ever had the discontent. CGI is awful, and even managed to deceive animatronics Croatians. Watch out, directors. National Geographic. Discovery Store. Croc hunter. I know what crocodiles look like. Obviously, you have not referred to any of these judges through the monstrosity seen towards the end of the movie. And what about the band of pirates / drugs? Do you need another reason to break a woman's top? <br /> <br /> It's funny how we get small sub-genres in the cinema world. With Alligator and the sequels, Lake Placid, Crocodile and now Surf Blood, now it seems that "big-size" movies should now get their own category at Blockbuster. Alligator was good. Lake Placid was good. I really thought Tobe Hooper's crocodile was good. Surf blood, suck. <br /> <br /> My degree: D-
