An MTV movie crew composed of US TV programmer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), Australian filmmaker Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfer guys named Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) looking somewhere, it's not really revealed where. The crew intends to shoot an exposure on "blood blood," which is apparently the latest crazy thing in extreme sports. Surfers throw bait into the sea and cut to attract sharks just to see if they can sail them without eating. Once there, they are met by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect location leads them to Lilo-Cay's shark-infested waters. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them in the boat. Immediately after arriving and filming some "blood" images, Sonny, Melba and Lemmya are killed by a 30-foot saltwater crocodile, some of whom say they "own" the island. The boat is submerged. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy seem to be stuck on the island until they reach a rescue party. However, after a run with some, I'm fine do not really know what they are. Pirates? Drug traffickers? Revolutionairies? Fat ugly people who just do not like to be with other people? Who knows? And, more importantly, who cares? I'm not sure. However, after escaping these guys who looked like pirates, they were picked up by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and Arty's daughter (Tary Reif as Tara Reif) just off the coast of the island. The movie crew thinks they were saved. Few know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks are going back and has a score to settle and four members of a movie crew will not stop it. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cay for a final revelation of the giant crocodile that eats men. Directed by James D.R. Hickox is a terrible film, but it's not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie sucks. The scenario of Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levy is terrible, extremely slow because the crocodile is not even seen or mentioned before the 30-minute mark and until then I was bored and angry with the awkward characters improperly thought by Bernard and Tax. The whole movie is also predictably frustrating, in the first 10 minutes someone familiar with the horror film stereotypes and stock characters will be able to guess who dies and who will survive. The effects of the crocodile are terrible and seem to repeat again and again, there is a small puppet head that obviously has a unique arm stuck inside it, controlling its movements as the water splashes become immense! Crocodile's CGI photos are simply embarrassing to look. There is no gore except when a character is bitten in half that is done using CGI to digitally remove the actors' feet, again seems terrible. There is also a short scene when someone is impaling on wooden spikes when they set a trap off. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, plus female actresses are beautiful and light in the eye. There is continuity and logical errors in the movie, in a sequence, Cecily filming Bog and Jeremy's blood, but from the point of view of their angle and distance, it would be physically impossible to obtain both sharks and surfers time and, of course, this is the whole purpose of his shot? When Dirks manages to shoot the crocodile, the angle of the thread changes dramatically between the shots, in one shot, the angle of the line seems to come from the sky, the direct angle of the angle is completely different, and it seems that the line comes from the surface of the water when, In fact, the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat, and the line must be almost at the same level as the surface. Could I continue, such as why the crocodile jumps off the edge of a cliff if it's so smart that this movie tries to make it? But I would probably exceed the 1000-word limit if I listed everything that was wrong with this movie, so I will not. I hated this movie, but it's not as bad as Tobe Hoopers' effort at a giant crocodile movie. Definitely one to avoid.
