Although this seems to be an old show (2002), I have seen my first episode ever last night and I have to say it must be the worst show. . . . I'm not one to comment, but I was so shocked that there might be a show that is blatantly trying to obey, and I just assume it was the target audience, children under 12 years of age, or people with a higher IQ smaller than average. The episode I was subjected to until last night contained so many disparate lines of story, trying to include EVALUATION of a possible imaginary plot and always trying to preach about friendship, family, religion and politics !!! The story they covered in the episode: Frat House was mistakenly mistaken with too much alcohol - Death turned out to be the senator's son who wants the FBI to investigate. Death is actually a killer allergy murder. The senator thinks he could be his best friend and best child friend who did this because the senator took money for his votes for legislation but eventually received a conscience and said "no" to be a multi-millionaire. Everyone a suspect, but all have the usual alibi (former student girlfriend crushing a married teacher so had to lie, the disaffected student who was reported by the victim had actually a life-changing experience, the senator's enemy did not pay the student desperate to kill his son sworn enemy, he gives money free of charge to students). All this time, the heroine of this dribbling has a granddaughter who remains "at that age" and has a boy battle, who eventually gets the courage to talk with her aunt, but just to snatch him for "in" girls say she is not good enough and so to keep with her she is rubbish. Do not worry, come back with the boy after learning the truth about life, and girls in it, Aunty also explains that God is the only one that can truly rely on (I almost get sick) <br /> <br /> This "drama" is even better when Sue and her FBI team find out who the killer is. . . you will laugh at it, I certainly did. . . He is one of the Frat guys who, just a year ago, learned he was adopted and that his true father is an international terrorist and is trying to make an impressive father by killing the boy and planting a bomb at the funeral. . . . . . . <br /> <br /> Characters are cardboard acting is cardboard continuity is cardboard story is cardboard Anyone who says they like this show has cardboard for a brain Why do writers this show they tried to pack in EVOLUTION eventuality into a show means obviously have no confidence in character development or actors ability to carry a simple plot plot. Watching this show is like watching "The Last Hero of Action," with Arnie killing 5'000 people with a tooth choice, except that Arnie is a better actor (wow, I never thought it would be a day in which I would say it! <br /> <br /> In the words of the character loved by Simpsons, 'comic book type' ... <br /> <br /> The biggest TV show. EVER.
