Well, three times, I still have no idea about this movie because, frankly, it has not been able to generate any real interest or concern. But here goes: A bunch too old to be a teenager Teenage actors dressed in terrible ways in the 1980s (do we look so?), Decide that it would be a good idea to get into a motorboat and go to Alcatraz abandoned after one of them has nightmares of people killed in terrible ways that manage to break the cop, evil evil and Freddy Kreuger in one shot. Dimwit even expects to fry in an open fire with some deformed oddities cut into candy strips. Good that it was just a dream or could be hurt, and good things that his dreams had a decent budget for special effects. Mines are usually pretty blades: girls, model spaceships, blowing things with bazooka, etc. Once on the Alcatraz Island, they find themselves in a Slasher film and meet with Tony Basil, who can not help but get into a couple of dancing shows sometimes and have their own lighting crew (complete with a smoke machine for that 1980 smoke smoked light smoke appearance, which I kind of miss). And so she reminded me that Ms. Basil helped to correct David Byrne from Heads of Talking for some of his videos and shows. Of course, this has nothing to do with the movie, but it continued to open its mind, because the film was very little thought of. Something happens and you can either watch or continue to work with your page mark on your TV on the side. But since the movie is not really interesting, you will continue to decide to finish the last thing instead of wasting your time, the movie will end and you will find the question you lost every time you realize that the final credits start to run from new, dammit ... * Some * 1980 Teen Horror movies can survive such specialized viewing: Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL & is KILLBOTS, NUCLEAR OF THE CREEPS AND ABOVE-THE SLEEPAWAY TOP from the beginning I come to mind . There are movies that, like them or not, call for attention and usually pay with a good gore or T & A and bastards in your work as evidence that you watch TV instead of your keyboard. I'm sure HELL ISLAND (as I wrote in the British version that I glomed in the title) really has some good stuff there, but I honestly do not care. And nothing is more annoying than the encounter with the art of any kind that does not inspire admiration, no decent contempt or even honest hatred for him. The film is pleased with the fact that she feels 80 minutes away without time, and never realizes anything but a distraction at times, despite my best efforts to try and give her a chance, but without dice. There is an offbeat production project that unfolds, the use of illumination is sometimes striking, and the occasional outbreak of chaos will probably keep fans of Teen Horror in 1980 interested. Yet your rest remind yourself: PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE IF you dressed like in 1987, and the answer is probably more hideous than anything happens on the screen. Try to watch it as a free rental, if possible, so if you are disappointed, do not be stuck with the damn thing: Movies like this have a valid shelf space, which is often a product nowadays. happens to the world, all ...
