Wow. I rarely felt the need to comment on movies lately, but especially this begging for a beatdown. Let's start at the beginning. First of all, writer-director Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the tired role of an ordinary victim, complete with the necessary abusive husband and boring suburban existence. Let's say right now that almost all the content of this bored movie is completely unwavering. Montana The pathetic attempt of symbolism involving the Christmas tree with no star is ridiculous. When she goes for some of the Christmas packing paper a dark and threatening night, Della is angry that someone double-parked their car on the busiest shopping night of the year. She decides to do something, so she leaves a bad note on the windscreen. The next fifteen minutes of the film are dedicated to Della, who walks without a purpose in the mall. When she finally gets to the car, the bullies face her about the note, a cop is killed and she runs and catches her, and she moves away and follows her further. Everything is completely predictable and inexpensive. Hooligans are neither frightening nor threatening, and they are all treated one by one in all usual ways. This is one of those movies where all the action depends on the characters that are how you can imagine. Why the bad guys do not kill her instead of waiting to hit them with a tire iron is beyond me. And once, once in a movie like this, the pack leader has to die the last time? What does it matter that everyone is all scared one by one when all of them are equally ineffective? Much of the film lies simply in the fact that Lukas Haas runs into the woods screaming "Della !!!" Joy Division and inclusion on the soundtrack of this movie is fucking insulting. The part that really made me run for my computer keyboard was when Della, exhausted and injured, shouted to heaven "Where are you, Lord? Where was God really when this movie was made? 2 due to competent cinema and lighting, and it's not as bad as "BTK Killer," the most important marker for judging any terrible movie.
