A very bad movie, with very few moments or good qualities. Start with Linda Blair pregnant, down a hall to run what might be monsters or forked people, I'm not sure. She jumps through a window and wakes up and we see she's very pregnant. The degree to which she is pregnant varies throughout the movie. She and an annoying and perhaps delayed little boy who thought her son was traveling to an abandoned hotel on an island. Italian horror directors find the most irritating guys they can put in their movies! The island is already David Hasselhoff and his German-speaking virgin girl (you know how the Germans love Hasselhoff ...). Take pictures and translate an esoteric German book about the witch, I think. Also, traveling on the island are an older couple who bought it, a real estate agent and a woman I thought their daughter was. Obviously, she was an architect, and Linda Blair and the boy are the children of older couples. I think everyone had traveled the island together, but it really seemed Linda and the boy were apart from the others (maybe they were filmed separately). The hotel seems to be carefree, certainly from the outside, but it is not used for any great effect. An old woman in bad makeup and a black cloak continues to appear to the boy and plays something in German, which she finally records on her recorder on the Sesame Street waterfall. People start being killed either in their dreams, or sucking in hell or something like that. Some of these scenes are OK, but they are not enough to recommend the movie. Although the example I chose said it is not cut on the cover of the tape, the death of a character whose vein explodes really seems to have been cut. Much of the scene shows reactionary pictures of another character because we do not see anything. The strangest scene is where a man or a demon with a really messy mouth wounds someone. It looked particularly ugly. There is a bad and painful scene in which Linda Blair is possessed. I want a horror film to throw her, they would do something original with her role, and let her go to an exorcist behind her (except for the annual horror conventions). Strangely, to a large extent Italian, the tradition of claiming to be a continuation of something unrelated to this is also AKA La Casa 4 and Ghosthouse 2. This is supposedly a continuation of House 3 - Ghosthouse, La (1988) also a better movie than this one). House 1 and two were The Evil Dead (1981) and Evil Dead II (1987) - again unrelated to Witchery and La Casa 3 (and much better than those). There is also a House 5, La (1990) AKA House 5, which seems to want to be a sequel to the fake series La Casa and House House: House (1986) House II: The Second Story (1989) House AKA III and House IV (1992). How does the horror show look there? In fact, he did not claim to be a sequel, which requires the entry of the real series to be renamed in itself to cause a lower confusion (or more?). Strangely, The Horror Show is also AKA Horror House, and La House 5 is also the AKA home 2. Is the head still hurt?
