Witchcraft / Witchery / La Casa 4 / and anything you want to call it. How about .. Crud. A gathering of people from a resort on Massachusetts Island is besieged by the black magic powers of a wicked witch, killing each individual using cruel and torturous methods. Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) takes pictures of Linda (Catherine Hickland whose voice and behavior resembles EE-YOR of the Winnie the Poo), a virgin who studies witchcraft on the island without permission. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, who plays an incredibly rude bitch) is interested in buying the resort and, along with her husband, Freddie (Robert Champagne, who always mirrors women much younger than him), pregnant daughter Jane (Linda Blair) Tommy (Michael Manchester, who seems to get bored along the road, probably wishing to watch Sesame Street instead of playing in this garbage), take the boat to the resort that is being treated for a look at the property by the Realtor Tony Giordano, Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), obviously, a kid in business with his feet wet. Together with these people is the architect Leslie (Leslie Cumming, whose character is a nymph) who could help Rose redefine the resort. The captain of the ship is killed by "Lady in Black" (Hildegard Knef, wearing the extra make-up and pocket) and a storm. The boat is moving away from itself (... guided by the invisible power of the Lady in black, I think), with all those who stayed in the downstairs resort, in need of repair. Most of the victims before meeting their grisly fate are worn by a type of red wormhole whose vortex leads to another dimension (maybe a hell or something) if they are tortured by these fiendi dressed in raggedy clothes with a visible. A victim has her sown mouth before being hung upside down in a chimney, roasted like the others light the home. A poor soul is tortured by harsh rope twists wrapped tightly around the flesh before they are found hung from the snakes of a swordfish passing through the throat. A man suffocates slowly, while the blood vessels (and bleeding) and the blood vessels of his neck break into Hasselhoff! A man is crucified with nails stuck in his hands before being hung upside down over an open flame. Blair pregnant victim becomes possessed with her hair standing, finally, speaking in the voice of another woman. One is raped by this demonic man with a "sick" mouth, as the nasty hobos are nearby, cheering with joy. The film, despite its excesses, is mostly feed for those who really want to see the lowest point of Hasselhoff and Blair's career, which deserves better than that. Almost unbearable at times, making a little sigh. Clear execution of deadly and ridiculous death sequences. Of course a gore is fine, but most of the movie shows the victims after they were ringing. We have the chance to see the pregnant women (who look exactly like stunts in a wicked wig suit) by jumping the three-story windows. Oh, and the face reflected by Lady in Black often appears on inanimate objects to see the characters. Tommy has a small recorder on Sesame Street, which records the songs "The Lady in Black," "mumbo jumbo jumbo," obviously used for later. For some reason, Lady in Black likes to visit little Tommy. She is not at all scared of her, because Tommy is too bored to show her face, much less afraid. Do I have to say more? This is a real stinker. Ugh.
