Oh, my bad clothes, the more synthetic and the worst music: David Hasselhoff. The 1980s returned with revenge to Witchery, an American-Italian coproduction led by infamous Joe D'Amato on production and short film director Fabrizio Laurenti (thank heaven for small miracles). Marked as a kind of sequel to Sam Raimi's Italian Evil Dead series (which was called "La Casa" there), Witchery offers some modest gore and bad action drinks. A mixture of ghostly story, possessions and witches, the film fades without a pitfall from scene to stage, without leaving serious wooden actors and hilarious night and day mixes to slow down progress to the end of expectations, surpassing a highlight of WTF surprise. (I just like the look on my face ...) Surprisingly, Laurenti manages to pick up some suspense and evil in a few - very few - scenes; unfortunately for him, these few glimpses of gentle magic go down quickly and efficiently. the plus sides are experienced, when gore hit the fan. This department is quite efficient and entertaining in the classical style of latex and red paint of the '80 Italo-gore, when things were done 100% manually and as shocking and alive as modest budgets would allow them. I could only look sadly and laugh at all the ways that the wrong characters (and actors) had been erased and misused one by one. I'm only sorry for Linda Blair, who apparently was not allowed to try anything other than that old / old man who ever played in his career, or so it seems when he checks his film. /> Well, good people - there is not much to say, and even less to say at home about. Do not wait too long when you spend a rainy afternoon with this and you will probably have some easy fun. It also helps you if your rotten heart is weighing in beatings of 80 euros gore horror. And talking about the heart - every film that makes David Hasselhoff stick to a metal object and bleed heavily around the room and the corridors, MUST have one in the right place. This is my truth - what is yours?
