There are many different versions of this floating version, so make sure you can locate one of the unrated copies, otherwise you might miss some gore and a nudity scene. Some versions also omit the majority of the opening sequence and other bits here and there. The band I've seen has the title on the WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCOUNTERS screen and was released by Shriek Show, which holds the original American release title WITCHERY to release the DVD. It's a nice pattern and seems to have all the pictures, but it has some cutting / layout issues. In Italy, it was launched as LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two La CASA shows were actually the first two films EVIL DEAD (retitled), and the third LA CASA was another film of the same production company (Filmirage), the most famous in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make things even more confusing, WITCHERY was also released elsewhere like GHOSTHOUSE 2. Except for Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is actually THE OGRE: DEMONS 3. OK, you better shut up now. I'm starting to confuse myself! <br /> <br /> No matter what the title, it is a very horrible effort or desire. Some of them are good, some of them are not. In fact, I was in this movie for the first half or so, but it finally became a miserable misery. A large, vacant hotel, located on an island about 50 miles from Boston, is where various people are taken by themselves by a German-speaking witch (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to capture the "Witch Light," and his virgin girlfriend Leslie Cumming, who studies witchcraft, beats the hotel without permission. Together, real estate agent Jerry (Rick Farnsworth) is presenting the properties of potential buyers Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. Also, tagging is their children; (Linda Blair) and very young son, Tommy (Michael Manchester), as well as an exaggerated architect Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - Hasselhoff's wife at that time). Once everybody is in, his boat driver is killed and the boat disappears, so they find themselves trapped in the mercy of "Lady in Black". So, what can you expect to find here? A lot of inconvenience! One of the characters has their stitched lips and then is hung upside down in the fireplace and accidentally slowly-toasted by the cast. There is also a crucifixion, the witches are eating a dead baby, a swordfish, a burning someone, a possession, a tape recorder on Sesame Street, the virgin being raped by a demon, a bully hunt and exploding thanks to the dolls voodoo and other things. From a technical point of view, it's a beautiful movie with a pretty good cinema, a decent score and good effects for gore. The hotel / island setting is also pretty nice. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross seem to have fun, and Knef is great as a witch. Even if people like to ridicule Hasselhoff these days, he is not bad in his role as well. On the bottom, despite all the gore, the movie seems somewhat boring and gets monotonous after about an hour. Supernatural themes are also confused and confusing. When the characters are swept away in the witches to be tortured and killed, filmmakers have decided to overlap actors who have yelled over a red spiral-like whirlwind-like vortex effect that looks extremely cheese. And the top of the witch is empty and cheaply designed with unfinished timber. And while most of the cast is at least decent, some of the shows (especially the actress playing Hasselhoff's boyfriend and the baby) are so bad that they distract constantly.
