Maybe I'm really getting old, but I missed the old one completely. Surely there must be something wrong with this Irish (I am, Schultz!). Lordy, sir, what would I give to the light? First of all, the fact that Phil Silvers energy mania, spirit and leadership have been a lot of part of the comedy education and general education in life if you want. Although it is possible that the series, first titled: "NEVER HAVE A RICH" (1955-59 *) could have entered the CBS television network with someone else in the role of Sgt. Bilko, it is very hard to imagine another actor / comedian in the business wearing the stripes of that Master Sergeant. Such a strong identification is inevitable, though not the same type of career - as it has been for some other guys like Clayton More, George Reeves and Charles Nelson Riley ("UNCLE CROC'S BLOCK"). > A great stumbling block for the successful adaptation and updating of such a work from the 1950s TV screen to the cinema audience of the 1990s is our collective memory. Not sure what percentage of the crowd remembered Bilko's character of seeing the initial ritual and revival of early syndicalism, and their number was certainly considerable; even a large segment of young people have seen Bilko resurrected lately. It was obvious that the new film and the source were miles; or even at a distance of years of light. <br /> <br /> So, in order not to be considered as a total square, old grouch, please consider other points. Here today, the 14th of November in the Year of Our Lord 2007, allow me to swear and underline that I was a Steve Martin fan for almost 30 years. Moreover, I enjoyed the spirit and talents of Bilko '96 Co-Stars Dan Akroyd and late Phil Hartman. After all, there were the talents of some guys like this and others, "NBC Saturday Night" and "SECOND CITY TV" Alumni, who kept the laugh of the last quarter of the 20th century. But a BILKO re-makes; just did not click. Perhaps if the movie was made as a Comedy Service (always liked!), But without showing the name Bilko and giving it a self-identity would be more appreciated by the crabby, old boys like me. So I already had so many sitcom series and cartoons turned into movies lately, what's next? Think of someone who makes the DOUBLEDAY & AMES series of series and Hal Roach's "CRUSADER RABBIT" 1 series of cartoons? Remember where you first heard it! POODLE SCHNITZ!
