It is said that a girl named Susan Montford wrote and directed this film. No wonder he does not have other credits for her name to write or direct. She has made a serious professional misconduct in choosing this career. This is one of the most serious human creations in this millennium. The fundamental thing wrong with this film, other than the ridiculous story of a woman running away from four weak criminals, is the flawless and complete lack of LOGIC. After leaving the mall, he approaches four criminals as he surrounds her. Tell me what woman would aggressively throw a potential attacker while being surrounded and insulting her verbally? I do not mean that after an attack has already begun, because, of course, it is normal for someone to take revenge. But she pushed that guy and escalated her to the next level. No woman would do this unless 1) had a weapon, 2) is confident that he knows that this backup is very close, and that he is relatively safe from evil, or 3) the attackers are so young and look weak that it is enough she can safely take them. None of this has been applied in this situation, so it was just someone who begs to be raped or beaten. By the way, as the security guard approached, as he approached Kim Basinger's watch, why would he not immediately give him any help or scream? <br /> <br /> When he walks away after the security guard is shot in his head, he goes to a deserted part of the city and collapses. She had a good three-minute lead on the trackers, instead of simply spinning on a diagonal direction behind the houses and climbing the fences and continuing, pulling out of her box of red gears and starting to wander under its hood. I understand he was trying to fix his car, but he should have run. (I did not even mean this to be a chronological summary of the movie, because I stop people doing this in their reviews, but it happens that every main sequence of this movie has something so terribly stupid that you have to to comment.) Why would she wear a red box like she is? trying to sneak into the darkness? When she gets caught, one of the jokers asks her to open the box. First he resists, then opens it. And take a key. This scene here is so rich in subtle accents of the complete failure of the dramatic effect I have to break down, is one of the most stupid scenes in the whole movie. When she is asked to open the box, she resists from the beginning as if it were her plan to make some of them open themselves out of anger after not opening it in the same way that someone from an action movie have a device that an enemy requires that person to touch / push / open / manipulate, and once the hero refuses to open it, the enemy grabs that device only for that device to automatically distribute a chemical / to shoot him / her unconsciously, which has always been the hero's plan. She feels like this is what she's doing with Kim Basinger here when she opens the toolbox dramatically and quickly pulls out a WRENCH and sends a little boy and somehow moves away from him and the other three criminals. <br /> <In the rest of the movie, basically what you see is this suburban housewife who sneaks around the woods while she wears her Red Toolbox, taking various tools used as weapons to kill attack. <br /> <When he ran, how did he get to go back to where the bullies were? I think it was the scene where that radio played out loud in tribute to the dead guy. It sank in some way on them when I thought it was moving from them. <br /> <br /> ** Finally, this whole premise is so feeble, because the whole reason she is being pursued first is that because of thievery, "she witnessed a crime they had she commits her earlier against the security officer, so they feel they have to kill her. What a ridiculous one, as one of the criminals actually said, could have just left the city and would go back to any town they had no one else, anyway, would have seen them and probably did not get the license plate. Even though these possibilities would not work for them, such as raising hell and hunting someone to kill them by improving their chances of get rid of the initial crime?
