Back in my days as a "private lesson" school played at 4-plex I was working. It was a sleeping hit selling Friday and Saturday nights for weeks. I never came to see this, but I saw it was on the cable last weekend, so I decided to make a hit. What we witnessed in the next 90 minutes was one of the worst movies I've ever seen and one that made me terribly uncomfortable to be watched. The basic story is a teenage boy after sexy lust (Sylvia Kristel). And she seems to be an attraction to the boy, but for more sinister reasons. So we have boy scenes watching her strip and inviting him to see. And it goes from there. Eric Brown, as a teenage boy, must be one of the worst actors I've ever seen. His reactions "frightened" every time Sylvia pulls out a piece of clothing or when it touches it is horrible. I never laughed during this junk. And let's not start on the sub-plot of the maid and the driver to plan to make money from the baby. Let's just say it means falsifying a dead, burying a body ... I could move on, but it becomes more ridiculous. Sexual scenes are the worst I've ever seen. Even though Eric Brown was older than he actually looked, he looked like a child. She seems to have no idea how to kiss a woman (if the Actor acted then maybe I should think about my critics about Brown) and just came too close to the border with child pornography as erotic. I have never been disabled by a sex scene, even if Miss Kristel is pretty pretty with and without clothes. ** SPOILER WARNING ** I have to mention the last scene. For me it's just sick, but I can recall the audience that cheers as the freezing of the film falls and dissolves in credits. Our hero returns to school and begins a flirtation with one of the female teachers. He asks her to go out for dinner and tells him that Tom Cruise has just asked her out. She agrees affirmatively and leaves, smiling at the triumphal chamber. MY FAVORIT ME! Yes, I'm sure teachers everywhere would risk everything for a simple teenage kid. I will never understand the appeal that this film had in 1982. It was certainly more than nudity, as there were plenty of teenage nudity comedies that bombed the box office. And to think that the same teenagers who cheered that movie 22 years ago are now crouching their way to corporate ladders and eventually helping to lead the country. This is a frightening thought.
