Let's put aside political correctness and look at that with regard to the many sexual comedies that came out in the 1980s, because I do not think this is better or worse than the others. Unless some your Kooki religious or woman sustained can see probably a stupid movie like this without having solved all about content and I personally felt a completely harmless to this before and after I saw him. The story takes place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich boy aged 15 years, called Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally horny as hell and start spy service attractive just started working for his father. ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** <br /> Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly Philly, but things heat up when his father leaves the city in business and start flirting with him until where she she invites her bedroom to watch her naked. Philly is weird and he does not know how to react at first, but soon he goes for him and has sex, but to his horror, Nicole seems to have died of a heart attack! With the help of a weak driver, Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), they buried his body, but a note from a blackmail shows that Philly must also receive $ 10,000 from his father's watch. Philly is shocked when shown Nicole and find it was all a plan of extortion established by Lester and she just went with it because it is an illegal alien and if not done what Lester told the immigration office. Together, they try to turn their father's money before returning home and it hires Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), who is a tennis instructor, but pretends to be a policeman to scare Lester. little comedy was made for less than $ 3 million, but has amounted to more than $ 50 million across the globe and made one of the least likely films to be so successful at the time, which prompts me to I wonder why it was a blow and not one of the other genres. Director Alan Myerson can boast of making a hit movie, but the truth is that he never had a career in movies, though he was successful on television. So ... why did it become so successful? I have a thought that might be because of Kristel and before you decide I'm crazy to listen to my reasoning. Kristel has been an international star because of his soft base movies, so only the reason has made many free-thinking adult adults look at her in an American film that gets a broad release. In this way, the same adults would also nostalgic about their own youthful fantasy to be taught ways to love an older woman attractive, bringing members much younger audience who are probably still very inexperienced and curious about the film. Anyway, this is my thought and if someone has another reason I would like to hear it, but back to the movie itself is obvious (and very sad) that a movie like this may not be anymore (except for Europe) the righteous and the other strange strangers who can not reconcile with the fact that an ordinary teenage boy does not hurt him. In fact, it is a valuable service that all boys will pray for them! The film itself is cumbersome and Kristel's double body is too obvious in certain scenes, especially if you carefully notice the difference between their nipples. The story (though intriguing in its basic form) is not very funny or revealing, so it remained the mirroring of nude scenes that are really the norm for gender.
