Well, it turned out the way I expected it: visual overload, but nothing else was added to the original. What surprised me, however, was that the story was quite drastically changed compared to the 1968 film. Initially, this brought me a lot of interest, but what surprised it was that the new twists (a) were apparently invented to show us a Hollywood-like product and (b) made the whole story unlikely! The story of 1968 was amazing and did not include storms of time or forgery like this: it just said that when you came home after a long journey, things could have changed a little. The earth would have fallen, for example, into the hands of the monkeys. Like many "old" movies, the main ingredient was suspense (hell, does anyone understand that word these days?). In this Burton movie, we tried to turn everything into an action movie, but at what cost? Of course, the images are overwhelming and a lot of time and money has been put into designing a full-ape culture (even ape-music!) But what has happened? First, the suspense of suspicion is very loud, because the monkeys have a lot of Hollywood-human traits. I refer in particular to Ari and the slave merchant. These features include emotional abilities like irony, sarcasm, and a series of subtle emotions. It makes you forget that monkeys are monkeys, which is essential. Secondly, TALK people. Of course, we can imagine that people will never forget to speak, but that monkeys have spoken and people have not changed the role of monkey / man very tangible and stressful in the 1968 version. The wound in the throat that Charlton receives Heston is essential for his survival and his subsequent renewed discourse essential to his uniqueness and to Dr. Zira's interest in him (so there is no need for things like human rights activists or human-monkey love to explain things. <br /> <br /> Third, the fact that I'm talking a lot about announcements about implausibility is a necessary twist in the new movie because Capt Davidson has to play Hollywood-to-save-all-world- and have a good-end-for-everyone-and-make-to-the-lounge-bar-for-a-cold-diet-coke character. at first, when Only one guy who was lost! They needed a hero! Then the writers of the scriptures think: we need a guy ... So why a guy would lose ... because he's trying to save a monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... unlikely! But it is necessary because it shows the public that he respects the monkeys! Since, in these modern and politically correct times, we can not have someone a xenophobic monkey, such as Charlton Heston, 68 characters lost on the screen: give them a version of bubblegum! the genesis of the original "discovery of the truth" of the 1968 movie to the modern version (he finds that his mother's ship crashed on the planet back in time, and that their monkeys have developed the society where Heston simply discovered the monkeys have overcome the earth while it was far away) is well done. The second part of the battle comes as an anti-climax. That's because this movie added the first two Planet Of The Apes films in a single plot. The beautiful try, but the cold you feel when Davidson and you find that he has lost on the planet forever just washed away because of the uninteresting fight. Fifth: The end !!! For chrissakes, who came with that ?! (a) Davidson is collapsing TWICE with his escape, which seems to be an unstable object, while the chimpanzee manages to land simply gracefully? Come on, who would believe that? If the pods are very small space craft (Davidson just flying in space at the end) and not just escape the ships, they would have managed to land safely at least once, right? And how about ending ???? I mean, in the original movie it was clear that everything was on the ground. But here: the whole movie takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a Thade statue) water culture is on the earth ??? How come? Did the apes on the distant planet have evolved technologically, flew in the storm and colonized the earth before Davidson's mission to take off? Why is Thade revered? Stupid stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is really adorable and beautiful as a monkey, but I expected no less. I preferred the monkey over Estella Warren like a man, but maybe I gave some bruises to my head. However, the only convincing monkeys were Tim Roth as Thade (awesome!) And the monkey of Ari's family (former general, but I forgot his name). Nonono, many things could and should have been added / modified to the painting of 1968, but not the plot, at least not that way. It was simple and clear and did not need any further explanation. It was beautiful language - in cheek and cartoon. Do not make everything up ...
