This film starred in a completely forgotten star of the 1930s, Jack Pearl (Radio "Baron Munchausen") and Jimmy Durante. However, 7-1 / 2 decades later, it is billed as a Three Stooges movie, because these are the only ones in the movie that the average man would recognize today. Film Films will also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver as well as Zazu Pitts. As for Stooges, this is a very early film - before MGM has an idea what to do with the team. At this point, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stoogii," because Healy was the man in the front. Luckily for Stooges, they soon left this ugly man and quite untouched (read it - you'll see what I mean) and the rest is history. Within one year, they made successes for Columbia, and MGM executives struck soon because they lost their team. This type of work was a common occurrence at MGM, a great studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (such as Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until they went to Colombia, MGM puts them in a wide range of strange film roles - including in collaboration with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And, strangely, in this film they did not act as a team - they just made various supporting roles, like Larry playing the piano! This particular film begins with Pearl and Durante lost in the African Jungle. When they are saved and brought home, the whole film's sense of structure breaks down and the film becomes almost like a varied show - dotted with scenes with the stars here and there. As for Pearl, I could see why he never made a successful transition to movies, because he has the personality of a blanc (but a little better received). As for Durante, I never knew what the audience had seen in him - at least in terms of his films - he was loud and ... loud! Apparently he took the time to help MGM destroy Buster Keaton's career of making this film. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on a lot of verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville style routines that tend to fall rather flat. In this movie, Stooges they still have no chemistry right. Seeing that Healy is doing the job Moe did in his later films is odd. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but because all the segments were short, they appeared and stopped the camera too fast to allow them to really enter their routine. Stooges fans may be very frustrated at this, though dead fans may want to see this so they can meet their lifetime goal of seeing everything Stooge - even the offended movies Joe DeRita and Joe Besser (oh, sick after Shemp and Curly's death). Generally, the movie is pretty dull and disappointing. However, there are some interesting things to look for in the mess. About 13 minutes, you will see a short scene in which a tourist guide plays on a bus. Watch carefully, because this is a role you never expect! Another unusual thing to look for is the play "Clean as a Whistle," which starts about 22 minutes in the movie. This song and dance number is clearly an example of a so-called "pre-code" scene that would not have been allowed in movies after 1934 (when the Production Code was consolidated). Despite the word "clean" in the title, there is a very titillating number with bare women showing a lot of meat - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show anything! It is quite shocking when seen today, though such excesses were quite common in the early 1930s. Finally, at the 63-minute mark, see Jimmy Durante has established race relations back several decades. See the movie, you will see that I mean!
