"Well, Chuck Jones is dead, he leaves his characters by adding some cheap explosions, an American-style anime and giving him superpowers." "but sir, are not we all ready to have more shows in the works that are already so? Do not throw yourself over the original creators' dreams." "yes, and the shows make us a lot of money and we need more!". "but will not it be angry for every man and woman who grew up with these characters less early?" "you're right, you put it in the future, you've made all the descendants of the original characters and you change all the names with ease ... but not too much, yet we have to be able to sing the success of the classics" <br /> < Well, the only reason I can think of why there is this. If you look at the terrible profanation of our beloved Tooni Looney, then it looks like an OK show. But then there is already titanium titanium, which is the same thing bloody. All the characters are dressed like a batman, run around a ship fighting with superior villains, have superpowers, the only difference is that they talk with Looney songs and have similar names and traits. <br /> <br /> This type of work falls into the category "It's so ridiculous, it's fine." Think of Brother Super Mario, Batman and Robin. If you want to laugh for all the wrong reasons, check this out. If you are younger generation (what this is actually intended for), and may show the dire greedy bosses directors, then run with it and enjoy yourself. If you like this cartoon I do not have a problem with you, the people who have calculated this together that I'm upset. You know how piracy is like stealing a car; this show is like a serious plunder. And they could dig all the people involved in the cartoon, push them on a display, dress them in pirate costumes and pay money. If this show did not use characters (which do not look like Tooney Looney at all) that made the studios already million, then it would be good. But no! For shame, Warner Brothers, for shame. If I saw this as a 30 second gag on a Simpson or family episode, I would love it. Because I can not believe it has ever been done. I would bet someone that 80% of those who work on this show do not hate him. But no matter what, in 10 years this show will be forgotten, while the originals will live forever or at least until the end of the world. "In 2008, Snoopy and the peanut band have returned, and now they have scary lasers and they can become invisible! Maybe Charley Brown defeat the evil alien warrior, Zapar?
