Looney Tunes have ventured (at least) twice in the future. The first time was funny "Duck Dodgers". The last time was that? um ?? effort. "Loonatics Unleashed" is not without merit and could be considered a good product if it's not a Warner Brothers quality. WB cartoons are noted for their naughty humor, attracting at least adults as well as children. These pedestrian superhero episodes, on the other hand, can not persuade adults to pass them on. The premise of the series is that 6 ordinary individuals (2 rabbits, a Tasmanian devil, a duck, a road and a coyote) live in the "planet city" of Acmetropolis and gain superior powers when a meteor strike on the planet in 2772. What is confusing is that the titles section presents these people up to 2772 in the 21st century. Pretty but crying stupid. In each episode, super sextet ?? in the midst of gentle banal, but basically trivial? fight various villains. For the most part, these are the types that appear in every mediocre series of superhero adventures and even some of the best. Like many mediocre superheroes, it takes the criminals too much into context. And, of course, these guys are the only laughing characters? the usual laughter of course, of course. Why are the wrongdoers always in the predictions of superheroes? MEREU ?? do you laugh at every occasion? Such animated material seems to leave laughter exclusively in the villains' province and (occasionally) by henchpeople and / or henchthings. In fact, the producers of this series have missed the best bets even from taking-go. Character superpowers sometimes rely on their previous normal abilities, but sometimes they do not. The problem here is that we do not see enough lotions of WB. Lexi and Ace have quite ordinary biological weapons and do not have any personality traits that you can describe as "Bug-like". What we have here is, in principle, "foolish and righteous" Titanic teenagers, including the "modern animation" but the animals. Feh. <br /> <br /> The other creators of the program are (or are) the villains. As mentioned earlier, they are not terribly imaginative and make the bad laughter a little excessive. Surprisingly, writers have completely missed the obvious technique of making villains in the WB stock and protagonists characters. Adding to the fun could have been, for example, Jupiter Sam? and The Fudd, still hunting hunters? and Tech E. Coyote turned into a really neurotic character? and so on. Ah, the sadness of the missed opportunities. Unfortunately, the entire production has entered too much time (that is, a second season). However, we can rejoice that there is something new there for the crowd of 14. The rest of us can hope for a third season of Duck Dodgers.
