We had great expectations for this movie (the title, translated, is "How do we get away with the others"). After all, the concept is great: a near future where the ruling elite resulted in the verbal and legislative persecution of the right-wing governments of so-called "freeloaders" and "left wing" in general and decided to kill all who can not prove that they contribute something to the establishment (the institution being called the "common good", but which actually means the interests of the ruling capitalist ideology). Very good idea! Ideal for satira blasted! Only this film blows the chance. Sahara comes out only in some scenes and absurd performances, but this satire is not supported; it is neither sharp nor spiritual. And for an alleged comedy, the movie has almost no funny scene. Comedy, I suppose, should be in the absurdity of situations, but the situations are largely uncomfortable and too serious, rather than evoking either laughter or thought. The scenario is full of grave mistakes in mood. The action should have focused on political issues and how wrong it would be to do it, but rather a lot of time spend a young woman who wrote the new laws for fun and who tries to save everyone by organizing a resistance which leads people to Africa. All this is beyond the point! Such a movie should not claim to be so serious! It's a satire! A political statement. But it does not even begin to address the issue of what it should be about. Perhaps she was afraid to go too far? How cowardly. It is not art. It's not even real satire. Søren Pilmark, a very serious and so far one of Danish graduate actors, was very good. He was largely responsible for the low value of the film. Everyone else: nothing special (well, maybe except for Lene Poulsen, who offered convincing performance). In fact, a problem with most Danish films is that language never seems natural. Neither the formulation nor the delivery. Why is it so hard to make her sound good? Why should it be so steady and artificial? I hope that when people look at these films for fifty years now, they do not think that people talk like this in the Danish society. 3 out of 10.
