If you are going to take care of a child, make sure you do not live near the cemetery. Especially if the child has the habit of drawing frightening pictures and disappears at night among funerary stones to see his "friends". But our long-haired heroine, ignoring all the signs, is shooting with his Norton family, including a broken father and a big brother, who is becoming a lover interest for our growing babysitter. Even more frightened than the outside zombie band, it's the tendency to talk even when their lips do not move and the words do not match the movement of the mouth. But enough of those ... domestic animals are sacrificed, elders are ripped and the orchestra will not shut up in any scene, not even quiet. Oh, and the publisher has a free day to go by the way the movie drones on. In fact, it would have been better if everyone involved took a breath, smelled what they had written for and left AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get into the movies these days, but this kind of starting point is not one of the resume you want. If it were like a farmer worker who has a conviction for molesting the chicken. Featuring one of Laurel Barnett's poorest lead performances, and others almost as bad as Rosalie Cole's next-door actress, (The Next Dakota Fanning is not), the film moves in and out, we get what passes for a climax. It involves five or six members of the strigo barricading our heroine useless in a locker room, while its little tough guy removes these old men with a piece of wood, a rifle and everything he can put his hands on. Back then, in a minute ... they were in the car early on, and by chance they found that the creatures found the horn sound so repulsive that they turned to his sound. So I'm staying where I'm safe? No, of course not, they run into this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere so that the guoke can prove the impatience he can face as if he had a nervous breakdown. the movie closes. It does not end, it just stops. The main character turns to his vehicle covered with fake blood, as if nothing terrible happened. But, my dear viewer, something horrible happened. You just went through one of the horror films you've ever seen and lost 82 minutes of your life. You will never come back again. Think ... from now on the deathbed, what would you do with an hour and 22 minutes to spend some time with your family. Unfortunately, it's already too late for me. Do not make the same mistake: (2/10
