I saw this movie right now, not when it was launched and hailed as the best picture of the year here in Israel. and to summarize everything now, I'll just say it's not a good movie. This is Dror Shaul's second feature film and I must admit that his first film and television drama he has done before is this much better. more, this is his first attempt to direct a drama. Early works were comedies and were fun and efficient. The first thing you need to know if you ever see this movie: Israel of the 21st century hates the kibbutz and the values ​​that the formation of the state of Israel is. the real situation of kibbutzim is very tough, and some of them disappear one by one. the kibbutz, the Hebrew word for the collective, was a sort of village only for members, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma of everyday life. with the change of social values ​​over time, it now seems that kibbutz was a place where the human spirit was repressed, blocked under dogmatic rules without leaving the ticket. the entry of capitalist values ​​and lifestyle in the 1990s and, to date, made it very hard for kibbutzim to survive. the crazy mother in the movie is the central metaphor for it. But I think this film has nothing to do with nostalgia for the good days of the kibbutz. Once, it was a dream of every young couple to live in a kibbutz and raise children in this beautiful and beautiful environment. but the film shows the opposite. that the kibbutz, with his socialist dogma, was a place like a cult of mad people with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of every individual in the collective. this is the central philosophy of post-modern capitalism: your individuality is the most important thing. you have to put yourself in the center and no one else is your problem. this is the philosophy the film represents, and that's just the first sin. If you do not agree with me from the political side, I'm sure you will agree that the action, the tone of the film, the scriptures and the direction are the four sins that follow. the movie has no real visual text, and none of the photos is something to remember. is also very "delicate", a delicacy that is no more than an artistic attempt to provoke emotions that are not on the surface, not in the film and not with the viewer. it only brings boredom. Can anyone explain why this movie has won so many awards? perhaps because it shows that Israel is in harmony with the rest of the world, wishing socialist and human values? or perhaps it shows that Israel is a "delicate" place, not having dogma and fanaticism? that we are basically very human and good people, capable of emotions, especially when they are false, just as capitalism expects us? or perhaps because he says one of the biggest lies of Israeli cinema in recent years, a lie that undermines the justification of the existence of the Jewish state? no matter what the answer is, it's not a good one. not for the world, not for human values, and not for the Jews.
