A little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of nature. This little girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies while the movie opens with her feeding kittens for some creatures from the cemetery, and she recently lost her mother who became mad, but while living, she enjoyed staying in the woods all night. The premise of the movie has a new lady who comes to Rosalie to take care of her. She is presented to the evil of the forest as she drives and, imagine your suspense here, faces a blue barrel falling down a cliff to stop her car somehow. From there she goes to the closest house and finds Mrs. Whitfield, who then enters a lot of explanations about Rosalie and her family. Sincerity exuded by Mrs. Whitfield's character must be seen to be believed. Well, the young lady meets with the baby and soon we find that not only is it strange, but everyone in the movie is also very bizarre. They all share one thing in common, about which none of them have ever heard of an acting school. None of these people can act - as it turns out from a few vehicles that appeared in the movie before or after - and they all looked like they had little idea what was going on, stopping to recall their lines and have all the condemnation of a paper bag. The director walks through the material at a slow pace, with this horrible piano music growing here and there to things that should be frightening. We go a little before we get to some crimes by the friends of the creatures, but until then I did not care. The crimes are not convincing, and the truth is that the whole movie looks like someone through him together in their friend's farm with people and things there. That whatever is said to end up having some creepy things, though we do not learn a strange thing about what Rosalie is, or more importantly, who is the creature with cheap masks. Cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here with. In principle, there are a few old farms, a few houses on the end and, of course, the forests. Somebody lent to the director some old cars. There are no special effects of any kind and only the least makeup. There are so many moments of ridiculous / laughing to list, but I'll just name a few here that would make me at least chuckle out of the lack of ability from the creative powers involved: 1) Follow the gardener's body after being "killed" (2) the dying scene at the end of which the actress who interprets Rosalie is murdered It seems she listens to the directions and takes his sweet time to death according to the method 3) As for the guy that Roaslie's father is playing, giving us an Andy Griffith, a poor man, the scene he laughs at the old scouts is a strange hoot. The kid is really a very bad movie and it's really bad even for the 70-gram cheese standards if you want. This is not a B movie, but rather a Z movie with producer Harry Novak that makes some money for almost nothing.
