Boredom Bored To Kibbutz Life This film is less of a cultural story about a boy's life in a kibbutz, but about deliberate demonization of kibbutz life in general. In the first two minutes of the movie, the dairy cow man violated a calf. And it's everything down there in terms of characters typical of "kibbutznikim." Besides the two main characters, a clinically depressed woman and her little son, each in kibbutz is a great and good caricature. The story focuses on how the kibbutz, as a kind of cult, slowly pulls mother and son deeper into despair and what inevitably follows. There is no happiness, no joy, no laughter in this kibbutz. Each character / situation is a different human vice, such as misogynism, hypocrisy, violence, cultism, repression, etc. For example, while the protagonist is a 12-year-old boy who looks nice looking for a European? his older brother is a typical young kibbutz complete with the "Jewish" physical appearance and gross personality. She cares more about driving foreign volunteers than her dying mother's health. He treats these volunteers as garbage. After his younger brother pleads to visit his dying mother, whom he has not seen for a long time because of his military service, his order, Quote? - Linda, go go and go in two minutes. <br /> <br /> Is there another "good" character in this movie? a European alien who plays mother's friend. When the animal rapist tries to hit the mother's son, the boyfriend protects him by breaking the rapist's arm. He is kicked out of the kibbutz then for the "violent" behavior against one of the kibbutz members. More hypocrisy: The French woman who can not be annoyed, who plays the role of the school teacher, states that sex can not happen before the age of 18 or without love and provides a description of the real act that should be humorous to the audience , but it's really stupid. She, of course, screws the head of the kibbutz into the fields which in turn screws the boy's mother when his mental health turns into evil. <br /> <br /> The film portrays kibbutz as a kind of cult. The children get out of bed in the middle of the night and go to a ritual where they swear their faith in the fields guarded by the kibbutz elders. My mother does not seem to be able to "escape" kibbutz, though in reality, whoever has been / is always free to come and go as I choose. It's a mystery how the boy's father died, but you can rest assured that the kibbutz "led him to him," and his surviving parents are another pair of harmless and miserable characters who weigh his mother and son. <br /> <br /> This is the essence of this movie. A dimensional character, over dramatization, dry performances and an insidious message that continues to strike at the head of the audience? that kibbutz life was degrading, miserable and even dead for those who did not "fit". I'm sorry for the guy who made this movie? obviously had a bad experience growing up in a kibbutz. But I feel like he's got some kernels of truth about kibbutz life and turned them into huge atomic stereotypes.
