Yes, AWA is fighting how anyone can forget about this unreal spectacle. First of all, they had a very short interview called Marty O'Neil who made "Rock n Roll" Buck Zumhofe look like a nose game. Then there was Gene Okerland who, when he became "crazy as a fighter," would say either "They were out of time," or "Be good back," acting as if they were angry, but actually forced. After leaving WWF, Ken Resneck took over, even though his mustache looked like a one-week-old soup that was stuck, he was a very good interlocutor Jimmy Garvin called "Georgeous" mouse that made me fall out of my chair laughing. After the ship sailed, Larry Nelson came aboard, which was so bad that Phyllis George would have been an improvement! Then is Doug McLeod the best fight fighter who made every match interesting with his description of blows! He then offered him more salary than the Minnesota North Stars hockey team. At the ring, who can forget Roger Kent, who misunderstood words and sentences was historic Like when a fighter was big "Hes a big-on!" blow or crash kick "even in the ice" or when he was hit "he burst" or "piledriver should be banned" after Nick Bockwinkle used a helpless opponent. Green money (WWF) had Rod Trongard, who announced the style was great but different. Like when a fighter razed his boot's foot on another forehead, he would say "even along the front-e-lob" or when a fighter is in trouble "He's in a bad way" and would say that the worst AWA, the hardest, the best, the scientific fighters are here in AWA! Wheres Phyllis?!) Nelson took over and talked to someone else or I would completely ignore him (WWE did not take them wisely!) Greg Gagne also had the most ugly wrestling boots I've ever seen a yellow color something I do not want to say. Also, when he looks for the label, he seems to want to deal with him so he can run to the closest toilet! Jumpin J im Brunzell was such a great artist that you wonder why Greg was ever his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar fighter, but you wonder why Verne has won himself against him. (Puhleeeeze!) Then, when Vince McMahon hired Gagnes, he would make the most of them fight squash. I like to see the Gagne family saying real fights now!
