I will not say that this movie is horrible, because I've seen it worse, but it's not even decent. <br /> <br /> The plot is very confusing. I did not realize what was going on and where things went. When the movie was over, I was allowed to scratch my head. I looked at the end of the credits to see if they had something after them, which could solve things, but once the credits are over, that's it. I felt like I threw myself from a single piece of weak plot in the whole movie, with little or no transition between the two. <br /> <br /> Character development is very shallow. I did not realize when someone was angry or prey to someone. I could not tell if half of the characters had to be drunk, stones, mentally challenged or simply had a bad actor to describe them. This film seems to be based on stereotypes (because it's hard to avoid when making a movie about a rock band singer), which should ease character development, as many other movies have already illustrated the suffering of an abused child or the attempts of a heroin addict trying to come clean. Stereotypes are easy to describe, which would explain why so many bad movies tend to overwhelm stereotypical characters. This film, on the other hand, uses stereotypical characters to the left and right, but then tries to keep them as incomprehensible as possible. Another problem with the characters is that they seemed to be rejected without explanation. I think it's okay, because so little time has been spent developing characters that I did not have the chance to meet anyone, so I never missed any of them. was Sadie's song. It's terrible. The music that sustains it is not winning, but is usually drowned by the sparks that are released from Sadie's vocal strings. I swear there is a point in the movie where she plays a song for at least 10 minutes. I seriously believed I would have to stop him during this hoho-a-thon. On the whole, this movie is confusing. Characters are underdeveloped, Georgian action is rigid and woody, Sadie's character is fired from a bad situation to another without any story or explanation. The music was unbearable and I do not think of any good reasons to see this movie if you do not have a thirst for kinematic pain.
