It was one of those films that had a ton of play on the radio in the early 70s, usually in the movie "4am Movie" or once in 7:30 PM "Channel 6 Big Movie" and another one on the Creature Double Feature. Local chats used to run movies as part of their local programming (especially gone today in favor of infomercial time) was the time. A few Abbott and Costello subscribers (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in the platoon of soldiers (half a dozen army surplus soldiers) who are sent to field maneuvers to investigate strange, extraterrestrial radiation. They first enter the Bronson Canyon at what would later be the famous Battle of BATMAN and meet the remains of a dead carrot monster. Later, in the cave are watched by a living creature of carrots - essentially a guy in black suit and paper-head, with bright things on it and ping-pong ball eyes. Two of them - the full crowds, Ray and Ball - are caught and wake up to tables and are "examined" by the spatial amazons - Dr. Poona (nooo joke!) And Professor Tanga, who are amazingly beautiful and even monsters in their bikini expensive "uniforms". We were too young at that time, to realize what scenarios of slavery and fetish later suggested more than this "examination" scene. It seems that the two little girls and their carrot monster are stuck on the ground with a ship that is well hidden and trying to return to their world. The film was made as a total comedy of varying degrees, but remember it was the time when Eric Von Zipper and his crew from Frankie and Annette's movies were the height of movie B, motor comedy. So it seemed natural to jump on the bandwagon for some quick money. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I just thought I would have imagined seeing the movie start with it. No, I even saw her. And when it was released on the "restored" DVD, I was insured in my memory. Comedy goes from mild to stupid, but whatever it is. Budget is nonexistent, which is a minor miracle when you think about it, that it was done and we can talk about a "restored" version here and now over 40 years later. Payments are girls who want to learn about "love" and "kisses," and the result is geeks - which we all have been - getting girls and love wins. It's just stupid and stupid, and for places it's nostalgic.
