Clint Eastwood is Bronco Billy, the leader of a Western West West troop, one of six regular faced players who are a tournament showwriter struggling with an event. The seventh member of the group is a woman, Billy's assistant, but such women have never gone much and the position is chronically open. Enter Antoinette Lilly (girlfriend of Sandra Locke, Eastwood's girlfriend at the time). Apparently, Miss Lilly, as her dad is called (Scatman Crothers), is an heir who will only receive the legacy of his deceased father if he is married up to the age of 30, so on the eve of that birthday, the drawing animated Geoffrey Lewis. So what's the plot of this movie? It's hard to say. There is a romantic tension between Billy and Miss Lilly, but the problem is that for the first half of the movie she is so stupid and detestable that when she suddenly becomes "one of the bands" at the middle of the movie is not only incredible, the audience is well to be over to take care of it. There is a chronic lack of funds behind the Wild West show, but this topic is not enough to really be the reason of the film. There is a difficult situation for Miss Lilly to be locked up in the rural West, cut off from the funds that feed her luxury life (he is wrongly believed to be dead by family and the press). But do we have to believe that she can not return to New York and her luck waiting if she gave her a little effort? No, the idea of ​​this movie seems to be that Billy is the leader of a family, a bunch of losers hanging together through thick and thin. Is this a hot, fuzzy movie? or at least trying to be. <br /> <br /> Along the way, Clint shows us his skills with a gun, even shooting a bank robbery in a movie that is grotesque outside a place in a relatively non-violent film. One of the gangs is arrested on an old evasion scheme; Billy bribes the local sheriff. The tent of the show burns; an orphanage makes them a new one. But the many bright traps do not plot. The combination of the problem is the action or lack thereof. Apart from Scatman Crothers, the support distribution is quite amateur. Eastwood is not even on the top of his game, although he looks better simply because he is surrounded by such an unclear band. And for all this, the movie lights up for 116 minutes. At what time? Good question ?? <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10
