It seems that Shakespeare is equal to the high forehead, which in turn equates to a lot of people who do not see anything for what it really is. At some point in this film, someone (I think Pacino's producer) warns him that the movie is on the right track, that once it was about how the masses think of Shakespeare through RICHARD III's vehicle. Instead, he decides to shoot a chopped piece with randomly splashed comments throughout. Some scenes seemed to be included as home movies for Al (was there any reason for Shakespeare's quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace, other than a laugh about something unexpected that's going on there?), And, before the movie starts we really are treated to see Al prance around and act cute and fun for the camera. I thought his stupid act with Kay at the end of GODFATHER III, with the knife in his throat, was an ACT - but it seems Al is really acting in person. Here's a rifle that flies why I have not even managed to make it 3/4 of this way: 1) pretentious - Always knows when the room is on it, whether acting as Richard or in a "real" conversation with someone - you can see it in the corner of your eyes too, some actors around the rehearsal table become untied and finally wax. If someone who reads this has ever spent with a group of actors and witnessed such things from outside, it is unbearable. "Look at me, chewing all the landscapes!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne, the movie stops, which she never recovers. She has nothing to add to the discussion scenes, but the room remains on her to bring the rifles. Its performance is awful to boot. 3) The only things you really learn from this are brought to your attention by the scientists whom the filmmakers are trying not to show. Of course you will also learn that Pacino should not lead movies (or make Richard first). I prefer to look at BOBBY DEERFIELD more than that. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the song and find it alone. Get out and see her. In 1997 I saw the play performed at the Washington University's Ethnic Cultural Theater and did what we see in this film as a high school drama (except for Clarence's free class, my God, was it necessary?) <Br /> < It's just a bunch of sound and anger, which means lump.
