Syriana swept the critics after the release and everything seemed to be the case. I suppose it's one of those intense intelligent movies ... so smart that I think you have to be well prepared in the oil industry and a great political mind. I do not consider myself unintelligible, I have studied politics since the early years of adolescence, and I loved a smart film, but for the most part, if it is not about documentary films, it should be fun first and have a message . Siriana has tried to be strictly intelligent and removes some. I would go so far as to say that those who rebel against it and insist they are a 10-year-old person because they think it looks better. This movie was the most confusing, meaningless, dribbling mind I've seen for some time ... Especially in light of critical appreciation, the Oscar nods and casualties. Writing writer Stephen Gaghan disappointed me once again. His horrible writing has preceded this movie and I think he's trying too hard. I can not believe she was given the opportunity to write the script for the Da Vinci Code. In addition, Gaghan directed the movie that made an absolute mess. I did not know who anyone was, why things happened, who was who and what it was. It was a disaster. Because I do not know who anyone is, I can only mention the actors and what I thought about their performances, because despite the terribly complicated scenario, the actors did well. George Clooney plays the role of C.I.A. land agent and assassin I think? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been a favorite of me, but he has managed to resume some decent performances lately, and this seemed to be a good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a sordid history, and if I knew what was going on with him, I would have liked the character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and is pretty bland and always looks like a deer in the headlights that I can understand the confusion after reading this script and then trying to do it. Amanda Peet plays her wife and does well in some scenarios where she is given. Christopher Plummer makes a cameo look like someone doing something. I like Plummer and I love to see him showing even if he does not get more billing. Distribution is intense if only the story made sense. I would like to quote exactly the description of the plot on IMDb. "A missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: an emirate's heir gives an oil deal to China by cutting an American company that promptly launches immigrant workers and merges with a small company that landed a Kazakh oil oil contract of Justice suspects bribery, and the law firm of the oil company finds a scapegoat, and the CIA needs one when his plot to kill the Emir failure appears, agent Bob Barnes, the autumn type, sorts the double cross. shot the death of his son in a Sheikh counseling contract that the CIA wants to die WHAT YOU Say Who Now ?, Siriana could be the movie of the thinking man, but I was bored with tears and no matter how hard I tried to stay with he finally gave up and stopped him after an hour and a half and you could not bribe enough to get me to finish it. they make an opinion rather than look at it, but I promise you that someone looking for entertainment or a pleasant film will sleep in the first half hour. 1/10
