WHA-BAM! Someone was definitely having fun devouring a whole truck of acidic mushrooms and then writing this crazy apology for a movie! Writer Howard Cohen extends the concept of "Sword & Sorcery" with a few extra S such as Sex, Silliness, (more) Sex and Sheer Stupidity! This is not just a movie, it is the dreams and fantasies of all the minor perversions! "Deathstalker" has everything: blood, violence, torture, female mud battles, rape attempt, successful rape, large pigs, horrific hairstyles, hidden body organs, multi-sexual orgies, to death, witches delusions, dismantling, bastards and hoofs, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOOKS! "Deathstalker" literally wipes the floor with his obvious role model "Conan: The Barbarian" when it comes to terms of joy and pure flamboyance. The story is obviously of minor importance. Lone and gay (he does not know yet) Warrior Deathstalker goes on a mission, as ordered an annoying witch, to gather the three notorious elements of creation? or something like that. On his journey, he combines forces with a man turned into a troll, a fighter who is even more gay than himself and, last but not least, a cuddly lady who does not seem to be a great support for the concept of bras. Together, they head for the evil village of Munkar, where they will participate in a tournament of fighters and will conquer no less than two out of three elements. Munkar is bald, with half a spider tattooed on his skull and an impressive harem that would make even the richest jealous petty sheikh. Well, granted, "Deathstalker" is a rather terrible and sometimes even inexcusable movie. The battle sequences are blades, and the costumes and makeup effects are unpredictable. For a moment, when I saw the opening sequence, I was actually afraid I was looking at "Troll, Prequel". Monsters look incredibly like cheese and the opposite completely as the threat, but it's an indisputable entertainment if you're in an uncontested state. I suppose this is not a favorite among feminists, because the general portrait of women is somewhat discriminatory. Most galleries serve exclusively as candies in the harem. It is allowed to crawl on the bare floor and play in the mud, but it is strictly forbidden to open its mouth. The two leading ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are full of joy, but with all sincerity, if they were not for shelves exposed continuously, it would hardly be worth mentioning.
