Woosh ??! Man?? What can I say ...? The opening scene, maybe? We see a bunch of Mongolian barbarians with bad makeup, jumping from the walls of some ruins. They sneak around them and attack a guy with a captive little girl clothed. The fury is dripping, the Mongoloids are following, and one of them is behind it, but she instead expands one of her breasts and kidnaps her. Then the guy (still fleeing) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? a blond, God-like hero with a bad wig appears, saying "This is my horse!" Mighty Deathstalker made his appearance. Mongoloids arrive, Deathstalker kills all (including the guy) on the songs of some Mexicanos western scores quite inadequate (this should be a blow of swords and sorcery, so what's with the "arriba-trompettos"?), And then go up to Captive Girl and expands both of her breasts. She starts rubbing and Captive Girl seems to like it. She starts enjoying her lips and chasing Deathstalker. Only when they get to him, this old guy appears, interrupting what might have been the end of a perfect day for Deathstalker (and a perfect ending for a short film). Now tell me ?? It's not the point where either a feminist would furiously stop the movie or any other male spectator would say, "This will be a hell of a good movie!" The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten off the balcony: Deathstalker needs to get the Sword of Justice and use it to steal the Amulet of Life and the Chalice of Magic from the wicked Munkar. beheadings, dismemberment, random bloodshed, fights with delayed fists and embarrassing sword battles, this film also contains a massive amount of t photos! ts & a $$. I originally wanted to add an extra point to this movie for every free shot of naked balls that I could count on. After 9 points (not even midway through the movie), I had to quit counting. It distracts me from the rest of the movie. And the rest of the movie is worth it. Completely insane questions. Check out this mutant cat / worm-like creature Munkar has as a pet and feeds bulges and fingers. Here's an interesting question: What would you do if a man in a woman's body came into your bedroom and tried to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: hit it a little, take the knife and try to turn it. Then find out she's not a woman, so you throw him out of bed and tell him to leave your room. It's fine, I tell you. Deathstalker also does it and Deathstalker-way is the right way! DEATHSTALKER is a wonderful movie, indeed, as outlined in other reviews. The villains are bad. Women are delicious. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and tasty chicken. There is a completely useless tournament that offers only a bunch of barbarians who beat, beat and hack their nonsense. My favorite weapon used in that tournament was a gigantic wooden hammer, used to beat a poor bumper competitor. And my favorite competitor was undoubtedly a Warthog head (reminding of RETURN OF THE JEDI). I will not reveal how the film ends, just to prepare you to enjoy the joy when I tell you that a four-way disassembly is thrown into the film's climate. And, of course, there is a wonderful display of ineptitude throughout the movie. You see a guy pulled behind a horse over a dirty road, and his next shot shows that he is dragged over grass (no way). You see that the wonderful tattoo on the wizard's head magically changes the parts in the same scene (shot on the left side of the head, the other on the right). Well, after all, Munkar is a magician. That's it, or this movie was shot in an alternate universe, where things like "continuity" simply do not exist. As much as I enjoyed this and as much as I look forward to the other 3 in this series, I have enough decadence fragments left in me to keep the movie from going. I am prepared, however, to give him the maximum amount of minimum points, so I can deduce more points for the possible downward follow-ups. DEATHSTALKER could be an incredibly fun, unhealthy and disordered fun, is also an abominable movie.
