I was looking for the Hollywood movie last night with a friend trying to find a horror film to look at the New Year's Eve weekend. As I looked through the shelves, "Severed" saw my eyes and caught him on the shelf, and it seemed to me that he could be a decent B grade horror film. The coverage seemed pretty good. The land sounded semi-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake. Do not be fooled by the cover, which actually looks decent. I think more money was spent on the cover work than the movie itself. The film follows two police detectives pursuing a voodoo-inspired ritual killer named "The Hunter Head", which beats off left and right victims in some anonymous cities (probably Los Angeles), and becomes attracted to its ritualized world murder. Does the story sound somewhat good? Well, it is, and this movie could have been half decent. But good God, it was bad! Almost everything was ridiculous. The opening scene shows a redheaded actress in a car trying to talk about this giant and obsolete mobile phone and for whatever reason goes out and talks to a guy. Then, a shadow comes behind them, hacks on the head, and the girl drops to the ground and begins to quench (for no reason at all) while trying to form 911. Sound ridiculous? Yeah, you bet she is. The whole movie seems to have been filmed on a VHS quality camera, and I suppose it was. The act was largely awful, and the special effects were far from being credible. And the scenes with the police officers on the phone were terrible - the voice on that line echoed and sounded as if it had been recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was just amateur and boring and did not keep much interest in me, and I woke up often bored and tired, especially because of bad act and terrible cinema. Pacing was bad. Everything was just bad. Generally, "cut" is a failed attempt at what might have been a decent B movie. The plan was good and I think that if this movie were better treated and had a larger budget, it could have been good. But this movie fell on his face. If you expect something semi-decent, you will be very disappointed. It's only recommended if you can tolerate D-type horror movements. Otherwise, you'll probably want to stay away from this trash directly. It had little potential, but it was beyond misery. 1/10.
