... Or, more exactly, so bad that you will have the time of your life laughing your ass when you follow it! "Deathstalker" by James Sbardellati in 1983 is certainly one of the most horrible productions that the Sword & Sorcery sub-genre has brought, but it's very funny. The action is terrible, the plot is a pure fool, and the effects and the picture can not be more amateur. But it's the bad action, the brick effects and many errors that make this movie so hilarious. - SPOILERS AHEAD - <br /> <br /> Deathstalker (Rick Hill) is an extremely powerful and skilled warrior. One day, a good witch forces him to unite the three powers of chaos and creation, a sword, an amulet and a chalice to free the country from its brutal ruler, the evil king and the wizard Munkar. Getting the sword is fairly easy, but the amulet and the chalice are in Munkar's possession. Fortunately, the evil king organized a tournament where the most skilled warriors of the county struggle between them until death. The winner is then to take the place of the king. Of course, the king does not want anyone to take his place, so he intends to kill the winner (instead of arranging the tournament first). Deathstalker is not only to get the three powers of creation, but also to save the grandfather's grand daughter (Barbi Benton) from the clutches of evil Munkar. Fortunately, he is not bored on his way to the tournament because he is allowed to dress the wonderful woman warrior Kaira (Lana Clarkson) in the meantime ... The movie has many wonderful, incredibly stupid and funny. Some of my favorite scenes include: <br /> <br /> - Deathstalker turns into a bad guy with a sword. But the head that falls down is not the head of that guy. The falling head has a red rush, while Deathstalker's drained man had dark hair and beard. When the character of the warrior Kaira (Lana Clarkson) is introduced, she is seen for the first time in black, hiding her face and body. Deathstalker, travel companion Oghris (Richard Brooker), struggles and, during the sword struggle, opens the robe (under which she is of course topless), exposing her breasts. Her breasts are the first thing we see about Lana Clarkson just before her face. The last warrior Deathstalker has to fight in the tournament, he's a huge guy with a man's body and a pig's head. Bad Munkar has a small ugly creature locked in a chest. He nourishes that little creature and human fingers. There are many other unintentional scenes of amusement, hilarious and extraordinary. The actress is terrible, but Barbi Benton and young Lana Clarkson are eye candy, and although I described this movie as "unintentionally funny," I sometimes had the impression that some actors were absolutely aware of how bad the movie was. There is a fair amount of gore and a lot of feminine nudity to keep the spectator fun. "Deathstalker" is an incredibly terrible movie, but I strongly recommend it. People with a sense of humor will have the time of their lives!
