I have to admit that this "re-imagination" of the original 1968 film was a great disappointment. Especially when you consider that this is a Tim Burton movie. He is defenetly one of the most original and, may say, cool directors from Hollywood produced. I personally am a big fan of his work, but something went wrong in his latest movie, The Planet in Monkeys. I really liked the original movie. When it first came out, people were expecting another science fiction movie, but a surprise and a total demonstration demonstrates that the theory is wrong. She really had a clear message. An obvious anti-war message. Fear of the cold war, where the world was taken away, and the fear of using nuclear weapons, played an important role in the minds of filming. These reasons made the film grow beyond all expectations and became a classic moment. Although, the new film, "re-making" or anything else, leaves us with nothing. No message, no ideal behind him. It's just another cash-summer blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Visible, Tim Burton does not disappoint you. The dark and creepy settings were excellent and, of course, the makeup was great. Obviously, this is not enough to keep people interested in a movie. There must be a plot or an interesting story. In this film, the plot is extremely uninteresting and is extremely seriously thought out. The script is very blatant and full of gaps. It seems that this movie was written in a big hurry. The explanation for why the monkeys there and why he drove the planet was really very poor and proved the ignorance of the writer-writer. He raised many questions that did not have reasonable answers. br /> <br /> For example; Why did Hungarians speak English? Why there were other species of monkeys than the chimps on the planet (considering that there were only the chimps that collapsed on the planet) Where did all those people come out? How were some chimps capable of evolving into a huge increase of all sorts of monkeys in only a few thousand years. (That is, it took several millions of years for us to evolve from monkey to man!) And finally, the bad surprise end was just the bad plane. It was probably just thrown because the original movie had such a purpose, then they felt that the audience was expecting the same end. The end also raises a lot of questions, which I know, do not have intelligent answers. Did Teid learn to work the spacecraft, who was powerless, and learned to fly back in time and take one hand? And what did he do with all the women? And I tell you that this will happen, I doubt that history will remain the same, like Washington built exactly as it is today! (I mean, it would not be a huge banana instead of a memorial?) Well, just to say something positive about the movie. Part of the cast was great. The character of Helen Bonham Carter was interesting and acted well, as for Tim Roth as Theid. He was very good, a little exasperated at some points in the movie. Michael Clark Duncan was also good. I was not happy with Marc Whalberg. He is not a very good actor and plays here a very macho character without color. Very unpleasant and there is nothing compared to the original Hestons. And the main female character did not have any reason or place in the movie. She was just for the look. He hardly said a word throughout the movie. I think that in the future, when people think about the planet of monkeys, they will think of the original one. The last will be forgotten soon.
