This film is another of Tim Burton's attempts to capitalize on a familiar title that brings the "vision" on the screen. He did it with "Batman," "Sleepy Hollow," and now. This is not a remake. The only thing he has in common with the original is that he has simians who can talk (and Charleton Heston makes a cameo). Burton reconstituted the whole story, leaving it down for today's viewers. The original planet of the monkeys was a product of its time. In the 1960s, America struggled to redefine its civilization. It was a turbulent time of soul searching and rethinking social norms. It was the period of civil rights in which the groups considered long ago demanded that they be treated as equal. In this context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical turmoil that faced the audience of the day. POTA was an extremely intelligent film that approached difficult questions and elegantly held the hold of American society until the examination, making the white guy justify his intelligence for a species he considers inferior. The dialect between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and Dr. Zira (Kim Hunter) was thought provocative and intelligent, with both subtle and obvious ironies. Burton's version is just as much a product of today's times as POTA was the sixties. That's the craving for mania. It is superficial and jejune, replacing its correct political platitudes with intelligent dialogue and focusing more on form than on substance. The end of the "surprise" is absolutely incongruous and does nothing to the film, except for a cliffhanger that sets the sequel. While the end of the original POTA has graciously linked everything together in one powerful scene, Burton's end is simply audible, "I know something you do not know, and you have to wait for the sequel to find out." technically, as is always the case with Burton's movie, the movie is great. Makeup is fantastic, and working with Burton's room is remarkable (though I still do not like the dark look). However, thirty-three years of advances in prosthetic makeup can not offset the insulting script. The story was reduced to a monster movie. People join Captain Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) to fight Apes monsters, helping them and helping them with some fur (especially Helena Bonham Carter as Ari). The presentation is formal and simplistic, with a lot of violence, perfect for today's fast-food mentality. The act is mixed. Mark Wahlberg is a good actor who is simply mistaken in this role. Walberg is excellent in playing dark, spirited characters that are tormented but powerful. This part requires an inspired hero, a profile not in Wahlberg's repertoire. Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actor whose character is so far under her ability that disconnection is ridiculous. She is desperately trying to do something with the shy character, but her interpretation presents itself as a cross between a college peace demonstrator and sick adolescent love. Then it's Tim Roth. He is a virtuous show, saving himself the film from total ruin. Roth is badly nasty as the evil general of Thade. He creates one of the worst bad guys I can remember in a while. In addition, his physical action is superlative, making a chimpanzee man a stage so perfect that one can think that the species exists. This movie is a great disappointment. It's fun, as long as you check your brain at the door. I rated it at 3/10. From a technical point of view, it's much better than that, maybe a 9/10. However, the story is an insult to the original franchise. It's just another Burton's attempt to turn to himself, using a familiar title to attract crowds to the box office, so a lot of people can see what a genius is. Of course, it is true, but it would be great to use this talent to produce substantial films, instead of a simple potion formulated for mass consumption.
