If there is something that bothers me most when I see a bad movie, I see it made by experienced filmmakers who should know better. This "re-imagination" of the Monkey Plant could have used some imagination, not to say anything about the essential elements of character development. Nova, the face of the original monkey planet, was a character more developed than Daena in this version, for all that does not say a single word. One expected much better than Tim Burton, a man who has so far combined an incredible visual imagination with intelligence, intelligence, and humor, all of which are lacking in this production. parcel development. The first big mistake allowed people to talk. This was the fundamental difference between monkeys and men that made * all * the difference in the original movie. Even as he was silent, his ability to communicate was what characterized Hayon Taylor as being different from other people. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages human slaves to revolt, but there are no good reasons for them not to rebel and to regain their emancipation. They are dexterous tool users and have the ability to communicate in order to form plans, something not mutant people can not do. He does not need any man to fall out of the stars to save them. Indeed, since it comes from a technological civilization and is in a pre-technology era without (first of all) any gadget to help it, Wahlberg should be at a disadvantage, not the people who are accustomed to living there. It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working hard to generate some kind of sparkle between her and that non-responsive brick wall, Mark Wahlberg. His best scenes were with timid Tim Roth. People were virtually ignored until they were needed in the third act, when Daena began to show real interest in Davidson (Wahlberg), and a young boy suddenly changed from one side of the background to a gig-ho feisty freedom fighter. This was a poor development of character. (Estella Warren, in particular, looked as if she was capable of much more than she was given in the script). Wahlberg's question at the end about what these people see in him certainly shared with me because he did not interact too much with people over time. Creating monkeys: half plus and two minuses: Ape make-up was great for men, especially for Michael Clarke Duncan, who has incredibly expressive eyes (that's why he was so good at The Green Mile). makeup design has allowed him to make full use of them. But the monkey females did not look like anything on earth, donkey or man. Minuses were monkey jumps that looked as realistic as Flash Gordon's rocket: the jump monkeys looked like they were fired from a catapult, they had no grace of high-skill monkeys. Second, poor sound mixing - when gorillas shake fairly clearly in some animals, perhaps feline, making them ridiculous and unrealistic. In the original movie, the various "human" things say the apes are treated as a mild relief ("I never knew a monkey I did not like." "Look at man, do man!"). Here, monkeys simply talk about matter, just as people in the 21st century do, and there is no humor in it. The only truly original idea was to write Ari with her feet. Nothing made me be more than "Star Trek V-Ger" near the end of the movie. First of all, apes were apparently able to read the Roman letters from the distant past, so that they could know the name of the forbidden area in its partly hidden form. Secondly, the mysterious inscription that gives the name is just covered with sand that Wahlberg just removes, which any monkey could have done centuries ago. This moment was, for me, much worse than the far-fated end of the movie. Things of this nature, however, are typical of most of today's science fiction films. In the 1960s and 70s, they generally did not have the budget to make convincing futuristic sets, but they dealt with truly original themes and ideas that were truly science fiction. I Think of 2001: A Space Odyssey, 1967 Water Planet, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running, and Solaris 1972. The first monkey planet has even used the only scientifically and physically feasible method to travel ahead of time. Still, this film includes almost any bad science fiction cluster: Spurly storms, anomalies and wormholes directly from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their moons, apparently all visible together as large globes (in reality, on one planet, all other bodies, even their own months, are just light points); a conventional rocket shuttle that travels from Saturn to Earth in a matter of minutes instead of years; the two thousand-year old machine that burns and works fully in the minute the hero presses the button. Let's not say anything about a convenient bullet-glass door. In a contemporary atmosphere, you should explain why it was a bullet proof, but because it is "science fiction" you do not have to be! Overall, Burton's most disappointing film.
