Remember: Spoilers Galore! Tim Burton's remake of this sui generis movie is as sensitive as remodeling Psycho - oh, that's right, an idiot has already done that - I'm resting my case. <br /> <br /> The film opens with a chimpanzee gauding a simulation, proving it is not that smart at first. Marky Mark appears in the fire without showing her characteristic sheath, then she is denied by a simple woman who prefers chimpanzees. Photo of space station training orbiting Saturn for no apparent reason, ship's interior of a bust with genetic experiments on monkeys. Do we have to travel 1300 million kilometers to Saturn to perform these experiments? The Special Effects Team decrees it. Marky's chimpanzee is lost at that end of the 1960 sci-fi cinema - Time Warp. Marky then demonstrates the ineptitude of a space station security by stealing a bridge without anyone observing, while demonstrating his abject foolishness to mount a space rescue mission in a wormhole for a testable chimpanzee with a vehicle of a million dollars of limited fuel and oxygen supplies. Before anybody could say, "Trailer without cause," Marky sailed into the wormhole, collapsed on a foreign planet, and pulled his helmet without thinking of the lethality of the atmosphere. being watched by a sound scene that almost resembles a lush tropical forest, if it was not for those who lit it on the plastic trees. Surprise! It's APES tracking - or at least it would have been a surprise if no one saw the Monkey Planet Thirty-three years ago. Since Marky Mark has failed to show his stones, he takes off his pants, or beats his stomach with tears, is devoid of characters. Mihaela Clarke Duncan's gorilla dentist who has been miserably introduced has greatly helped to establish * his lack of character. Helena Bonham-Carter (aka an irritating chimpanzee activist) to a loss without a Shakespearean script, has done a great job of overcoming both Marky and Clarke as Most Cutout. Paul Giamatti, the slave trader in orangutan, assured the role of comic relief of offense and klutz interspecies. Although we grew bilious in hearing words related to this film, a review title captured the essence of this 're-imaging' monkey planet: 'Apes de Roth'. While everyone else just looked like an excerpt from a million years BC or Greystoke, Tim Roth, like Chimpanzee Thade, chews massive amounts of scenery and hurls kaka splendiferously. As entertaining as the portrait of psychic Thade, his character did not have a behavioral bow: Thade is upset when we meet him ... and he's almost at the same level of madness at the end of the movie. Original POTA (1968) had a leading character, Taylor of Charlton Heston, who was so disappointed by mankind to have left the earth for space without regrets - yet, as the movie progressed, Taylor unwittingly stuck in a battle to prove the merit of humanity - as their only champion! The original film was ultimately a story of humility, not of salvation: when Taylor discovers the Statue of Liberty, he is forced to realize that his species did not prevail. Is there something that is cerebral or ironic for Leo's Marky Mark? Or Thad's Roth? No, but there's a lot of running. The slogans shout: Take back the planet, but it is the planet APES. In this film, people and monkeys collapsed here together, humans degenerated into cavepeople, allowing monkeys to acquire a language of speech and sensuality; monkeys DESERVED to inherit the planet! Besides Marky Mark, in true anthropocentric arrogance, we believe that people must be the predators, simply because they are there. "Taking it back" is as ridiculous as the monkeys who landed here in 2001 complaining, "A planet where people have evolved from APES?" and then caused problems with their overactive and hairy anus. Heston was thrown into POTA in 1968 because he established his reputation as a maverick: he was Ben-Hur, Michelangelo, Moses! To cast him like the dumb animal, dogged in an alien society, was to shake the expectations of the audience: how mad must there be a world in which our Charlton man can not hold his respect? Marky Mark has just established that he has tight pants. Although Heston was constantly denigrated by the Monkey Council, he dominated the screen with charismatic and stunning. When Marky Mark tries to instill fervor on Mongoloid people, it's like an unpopular guy at school to suddenly become a classroom monitor who tells you not to draw penises on the board and throw a shoe. Burton is trying to lift Marky to the icon of mankind, but he comes as a deviant chittering. In the original film, monkeys consider Taylor a deviant, yet he was, for both audiences and monkeys, an icon of humanity. This irony again. It was good that a man who grew up with the scene-chewing an acting technique - Heston - should play the father of the first movie scene of this film, Thaddeus Roth. As a father of Roth, Charlton writes his own immortal lines, he turned against the HUMANS this time: "Damn, give them all to hell!" The film gets stupid and awesome to the end. While Thaddeus gives Marky a beating lesson, a bridge descends from above, with Marky's chimpanzee in it. Apes proves his enthusiasm leaning towards this incognizable creature, while Marky proves his own hebetud murmuring: "Let's learn these monkeys about evolution." First of all, they are not monkeys, you monkeys! Secondly, it was genetic manipulation and imbecile manufacture of the plot that brought monkeys to this point, not evolution. And what you intend to learn by blowing them with hidden lasers is called misanthropy, not evolution. Quitting at the end of the twist would only allow spectators to believe that Estella Warren's semi-nekkid role was actually an integral part of the plot (still be my pants). It does not matter that he was the last hope of man; Finally, children's monkeys take Marky to Plot Point Penitentiary, where she heard the last time: "It's crazy! O LORD!
