Runner alert? though I think it was spoiled coming from can ?? It's hard to imagine even that a movie with these stars from this studio, made during this time, could be so terrible, but it is. It is the biggest flaw in the movie so far that it makes little sense. The wealthy widow, American aristocrat Penn Gaylord leaves his little daughter "responsible" and goes to World War I where he is killed. Then we bluff forward to today (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in court where they are said to have spent the last twenty years, and some jerk named Barclay are trying to take home away from them. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that includes the script, several holes in it than the Warren report. What happened to Gaylord's fortune? If the will is worth half a billion, why did the family leave an opulent palace at The Munsters' house? Who is the devil this clown Barclay? And why can he get someone's house out of them? The questions we have to ask are more questions. George Brent, usually charming and charming, plays the role of Barclay, who is inexplicably a total kernel in the world, taking whatever he wants, regardless of who belongs to him and without any blame; but no one next to Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems to be particularly fond of this cretin. Why? None of these questions is ever answered. Instead, we simply follow Fiona's life from one wreck to another, evil Barclay takes her home, her wealth, and even her baby. What is she doing? Shoot him? Did you put it on fire? No, too logical. In a completely unlikely conclusion, this woman, who had only a prior romantic engagement with Barclay, was, except for the marriage technique, rape, suddenly going to the middle of the sentence (literally) that she did not hate him, loves him. And they will live happily afterwards. Suddenly, for no reason whatsoever in the world, this model of an early woman of independence and authority is transformed into the usual ankle twisting that is more common in the films of this age. Yes, of course, steal everything in the world that belongs to me and I will fall in love with you. On what planet does this happen? I can only guess why I've never heard of this movie before it happened to catch Turner is that it was just as lost in the contemporary audience as it is today.
