I want more movies to take two hours. On the other hand, I want more American films of civil war to be two hours. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - about the length I've come to expect; although they had at least fun for how many hours they took; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as she did it because things happened during her. By contrast, Ang Lee's film is full of bumps and trouble. It actually feels like it takes less than two hours. That was not a compliment. It is not at all different from any other form of sensory deprivation: when it feels like it never ends, it does not seem to take time at all. The film becomes a wrong foot, while Lee plays his endless credits over the opening film (bad mistake) in which we are presented to some characters that we instantly contemplate and we will come back later to resist. The two chiefs are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are firm supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally determined welder, whose value he shares with Jake. (I had to reread that sentence to make sure I did not write "Jack" instead of "Jake" at one point or vice versa.) The two are going to become "bushwhackers" - the southern militias who have so much enthusiasm for revenge and violence that they can not even bother to join the southern official army, which I think they think it is for sissies. I'm afraid Lee lost me right there. It is easy to feel for the characters who make moral mistakes: if we have independent reasons to like or feel like we know them in some way, then their moral defects can make us care more. Not so here. We are not well presented to Jake for at least an hour; when we are, it becomes clear that it is a gourd basket without a man who is not a confederate of choice as much as usual - the type of person who says and does what everyone around him says, whose psychology is purely imitative . The people they associate with are either the same or bad positives in an uninteresting way. I woke up flattening every time the screening of the Nordic cavalry. I thought, well - kill the rebels, end the cursed war, let me go home. The worsening of this problem is the horrible and horrible dialogue. Everyone speaks with the same south accent. I have heard accents from all over the world speaking English and this is the worst of all. I do not care if the Sudanese really talked that way, it's just not fair to ask an audience to listen to him for two hours. And believe me, we've been listening to it for two hours: Lee's image is talkative, largely because the characters take so long to say what they mean in their non-grammatical trait, saying everything three times. It would help if they spoke faster, but not too much. Can not these people find a more effective language in which to communicate? In short, the film is a little, but a gallery of unattractive uniforms with no inner life that speak in an offensive way of speech that does not bathe enough often, for which nothing interesting happens, despite the fact that are involved in a war. Good points? Jewel was nice to look at, and so was the scenery. But I have complaints right here. Cinematography, beautifully framed, seemed as though someone had mistakenly submitted the color black-and-white film; and as far as Jewel is concerned, I was teased with her body, but I never left him, what I think is the least owed.
