** SPOILERS ** It was an ugly film and I'm sorry I tracked it. Like Jan Kounen's Doberman, he suffers largely from poor drafting - or lack thereof. It's like the director is so in love with his work that instead of cutting the film at a pace that has kept your attention, he added all the pictures he shot together. There are maybe two great scenes in the whole movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is rocky and the camera starts to rotate around him. It was great - but well, we did it! Keep up! The camera will not stop around this guy! There may be one or two more interesting scenes I have forgotten in this flood of mediocrity, but the last duel scene is not one of them! Perhaps, unlike the preview scenes manipulation patterns, Shanao is not masked - but only because the director did not find a stuntman resembling Asano Tadanobu not give him the right to go and do 80% of the battle sword with extremely close-ups of sword clashes! And all at the same angle, I can add. The director should learn from the movie ninja "The Hunted! I personally saw the scene of the raid in the village as a tribute to activists from the previous generation who have experienced police violent demonstrations of his college years. The situation in which innocence is oppressed a branch authoritarian and military government does not want to understand seems to be a common message in Japanese media, due to the strong influence of socialists and communists are political minority. the film version of the GTO and Salary Man Kintaro are two recent examples . * SPOILER eND * I do not understand. you do not understand why people who do not speak the language of film found a material worthy of praise in this regard. Perhaps the worst was lost in translation. the end of the film - that marketing has played a lot, is a different interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not it popular in Japanese folklore and contemporary themes so detached, when after 138 minutes played visual techniques that cares how the director wants to re-interpret the story!? Director Sasaki Hirohisa Crazy Lips said that an unpleasant trend among new Japanese directors to ignore the Japanese public and to target foreign films for film festivals - to win international fame faster. This works, though it makes no sense, because the purpose of an international film festival is to introduce the world to what kinds of films are being made in other countries - what kind of films are being heard in these countries. Of course, not Gojoe and the like.
