Where should I begin? I think I can start with the general complaint about how this movie is marketed. Call me ignorant because I do not know Schneebaum's book before you view the documentary that was based on it and decide to live under a certain rock but it does not blame me for choosing this movie from the title and the description on the box does not attract attention to the fact that this "documentary" is actually a companion to this book. Yes, I felt pretty bad after seeing this little movie seeing how the reason I sat down to see it first was to get a good "modern cannibal story". I mean, am I crazy because it expects this film to really cover much of its story about the behavior of cannibalism in the jungle tribes? Certainly I did not expect an hour and forty-five minutes of an old man who kissed his own ass by kneading about every detail of his boring and killed life. I certainly did not expect insidious direction, and especially I did not think so laughing Tobias Schneebaum and all his glory of emptying. Schneebaum is really unwavering. The old man just wanders and tortures the whole film, making the whole picture a personal story about him, even if he is not even an interesting character who fills a story. Oh really? Was it a cannibal? Fifty percent of the film is focused on almost nothing about Schneebaum's dirty past. The only time we really get to see some cannibal action is when Tobias finally breaks the little silent treatment of what happened in Peru and says he has a "small piece". That is, folks. Ninety minutes of bulls later and Tobias Schneebaum is a three-inch cannibal. It's like naming a movie "The Life of a True Don Juan," just to see that the only time that the protagonist of the film did something sexual during college when he once played "just the tip." Incredible. The direction is, indeed, incredibly incredible, because there is no flow or rhythm of the story being said. Okay, I understand I did not read Schneebaum's volume before watching the celluloid story about it, but I can still recognize some bad pacing and even worse editing. Within a minute, Schneebaum talks about cruise ships and tourism, and in the next time it also happens that he can not lead and then talk about a dead relative or a miserable and miserable saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, you can at least tell her story back at first; watch some things that cover her homosexuality and then conclude her with a consistent vision on her visit to Peru? I also do not care much about Schneebaum's ways of life and life, but at least I urge the old man to stay in harmony with his journey. If I hear a guy who talks about how he prefers life in the jungle, I do not expect them to suddenly get married and die that they want to go home twenty minutes later. Absurd. Another note about directing is the random clips of the story at hand to the small appearances of television in which our hero appeared. While some could find the clips to be wonderful breaks in the story, the director managed to use the gimmick and broke the whole movie in pieces trying to make the most of the effort to tell the story on the old rolls. <br /> <br /> The bottom line here is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Simply. I know I did not read the book, but I still have the argument that this film is totally useless, noting that a good film must stand alone. This documentary relies too much on the hypothesis that the spectator is already a fan of Schneebaum's life and instead goes from this hypothesis as an extra disc found on a DVD. Schneebaum is so arrogant and dizzy, hitting a sour combination when mixed with the fact that his story is remarkably incessant. If you are looking for a solid piece about the nature of people and cannibalism, turn around because "keep the river on the right" is a terrible self-serving harassment on a man who is long awaited for a straight jacket and gag.
