Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (separate) film careers before they were eventually in the team. For many of Ollie's pre-Stan movies, he was charged on screen as Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as "Babe." While a British post-war tour with Laurel in a music act for Bernard Delfont, Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe explaining the origin of this nickname: at the beginning of his acting career, Hardy laughed at a the gay hairdresser who squeezed Hardy's full-face images (those on his face) said, "Nice baby!" Hardy's workers started shouting "Babe," and the nickname got stuck. Although much of Hardy's pre-Laurel work is very interesting - especially his comedy roles in support of Larry Semon and the imitation Chaplin Billy West - his teamwork with Billy Ruge (which?) In a series of shorts for Vim Comedy Film Company is really bad indeed. Hardy and Ruge gave him screen names Plump and Runt: names that are unpleasant in themselves, but they get worse because Ruge (though shorter than Hardy) is not especially a runt. Seeing here, Hardy looks just as much as in Hal Roach's films with Laurel ... but without the spitting curls and the short mustache. One too much, an absolutely typical plunge and epic Runt, is unhappy ... and his appearance is made even more visible by the fact that this film has exactly the same premise as "This is my wife," one of the most hooligan movies Laurel and Hardy. Plumbaş (Hardy) is the flag of a star in an apartment house run by a tall man. Runt (Ruge) is the goalkeeper. Plump gets a letter from his wealthy uncle John, whose home he expects to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and meet his wife and Plump's child. There is only one problem: Gros has no wife and child. He lied to his uncle to look like a family man. Now, of course, Plump is waiting for Runt to find a wife and a baby soon. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be good if these disastrous results were fun, but they are not. Most of the unhappy humor here is just empty paper with characters who adjust their arguments by pushing each other in the bathtubs. SPOILERS COMING. Director Vim Will Louis (who?) Does not show instinct to fit into the room: the actress who plays the role of landlady is significantly higher than Hardy, and Louis constantly sets his photos so that his head is out of the frame. This could be fun if it's done intentionally, but it's simply inept. At some point in this bad comedy, a gaggle of tastelessness rises to the horizon as Runt approached a black laundry. "Surely he would not have walked for a laugh," I thought. But they do. Runt steals the woman's black child and tries to do it as Plump's progeny. Somehow, Plump gets a baby cot, but still does not have a baby. With Uncle John walking up the stairs, routine recruits for childhood. This gag might have probably worked with one foot or even a real runt actor, like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is just a little underweight. Ruge's impersonation for a child is neither credible nor funny, and Uncle John should have been a complete moron to fall for him. Amazing, he does! The most notable appearance of "Too Many" is a short appearance - apparently her only appearance - by Madelyn Saloshin, Oliver Hardy's first wife. Marriage was not happy, though Hardy's family problems did not reach Stan's Laurel's epic proportions. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this movie impressed me. There is a short retrospective, and Hardy remembers the love of the seaside with a beauty of bathing. In 1916, it was not yet a standard grammar for flashback transmission: the one presented here is made gracefully and simply. Too bad that this movie has no other merits. "One Too Many" is definitely a movie too big in Oliver Hardy's resume and I will rate this movie at just one point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely more fun than any of them separately.
