it was a simpler time (seventy), a simpler place (San Francisco), where a man could make a simple film about a psychotic psychotic resumption of Christ as an acid woman with endless dream sequences, flashback while having a multi-racial orgy of gender, regardless of financial responsibilities or moral repercussions. This boring, slow, boring film is the worst example of the kind of pretentious hard handed art school dreck that has passed as art in the mid-1970s. and I like it ! Once this endless wreck train and zoom heavy and reverbed echo acid guitar acid guitar you start you can not take your eyes off it until the ridiculous and absurd end. his kind of cross between the superstar of Jesus Christ beyond the valley of the dolls, and a truly acid-filled trip with your parents on a bed of water. at the same time, a fascinating train wreck, and also a wonderful image of the most serious (or the best) elements of the genre of the federative sex movie of the seventies. I'm just telling you the plot, because you will not be able to say hard about what happens because of flashbacks constantly edited to events that may or may not have happened to characters that might or might not be themselves and their hippy painted face freak "Logan" is a very annoying iconoclastic film maker that screams at the people assigned and is surrounded by a more silent crew that is always getting acid and having what appear to be bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus has an auxiliary role as what appears to be the accountant. the shooting crew seems to hate him for some reason and burst into maniacal laughter, he can hurt him. Suzanne, the title character is a blonde who sinks in space and caresses the artist's "crazy" character. "the artist" becomes completely crazy, by the way. either because of his overload or the incredible horror of his paintings. all, of course, the terrible misfortunes of Susanne. there are other characters that appear randomly, a cigar bent by the character of "man." which is also very hot for Suzanne I think. has a monologue. I could not figure out what she had to do with the story, except that everyone had to hate the "man" since then, and you could not make a movie without one. there is a mutant girl. the dumb little girl is finally paying, believe me, incredibly bad.
