Open-minded about the second coming of Christ, in the form of a hippie and beehive, looking for Sandra Locke. You have no idea what's going on on the screen with the irritating themed song "Suzanne" being played throughout the movie until "Suzanne's Second Coming" is over you already know hard, no matter how hard you try to forget everything . The film producer, Logan, Jared Martin, is not allowed to make the movie of the century but is so rude and inappropriate that no one in the banking world is willing to finance his project. Planning to continue with his own Logan makes this couple a seaside café and is fascinated by the young woman Suzanne, Sandra Locke, who reminds him of someone he knows in another life: Jesus Christ. Logan's assistant and Clavius's comrade, Richard Dreyfuss, who somehow got a $ 740,000 loan from the bank to finance his Logan masterpiece, begins to work at Suzanne, trying her with her talent as an actress. be interested in his film. This leads to the fact that Suzanne not only leaves his beloved Simon, Paul Sand, but later Simon is so depressed and feels he alone takes a gun in his mouth and blows his brain. sub-plots unrelated to an autistic youth, Dorothy, Kari Avalos, who had been cured of her autism by Suzanne, after all the others in the psychiatric hospital to which they were hired failed. It's not exactly what Suzanne does at the hospital, but he seemed to be sort of orderly or volunteer there; should she have shown us in the audience that she, like Jesus, might miraculously heal the sick? There is also this newspaper columnist and great businessman of time, Jackson Sinclair, Gene Barry, who either seems to have been through a very difficult middle-life crisis or has seen a biblical vision that has changed his life forever. Sinclair sought the meaning of life, as well as what was all about the film, and wanted to know why there was all the suffering in the world as well as in the movie he was in, and he seemed to find the answer when he was the first to look his eyes Suzanne. Sinclair also had a headache when his private driver David, Mark Rasmusser, who got sick and tired of his strange and crazy hallucinations, almost carried him off a rock into a kamikaze as the unit of along the Pacific coast. The film "The Second Coming of Suzanne" continues with a series of independent sequences, probably filled or filmed in a while by the film director and editor and then goes to the final scene in a Christ-like crucifix a hill Logan has all the chambers running. It seems that the Crazy Logan was drawn so far away with the masterpiece, trying to replicate, helplessly and tied to Suzanne, the current crucifixion of Jesus Christ about 2000 years ago. through and almost impossible to follow "The Second Coming of Suzanne" puts you through the same types of torture that Suzanne puts Logan and filmmakers. The film is trying to be artistic, but this is just an excuse to cover the storyless and non-existent story and even worse the terrible and amateur that everybody acts on it.
