96 minutes of this is cruel ... and I like my old Munster. Yes, the plot is one thing; Let the lines be trite; but whoever was in that direction was not a fan. There are so many "intrigues" (and I use that word with a big break) that I wonder if it's an old Starsky & Hutch episode. I lost my number of times when I noticed that that makeup lost a place near the collar. Refusing to admit that it has been a while since the mid-1960s (ridiculous), manufacturers simply replace Marilyn & Eddie with younger actors. Why not let them grow and get old? Adding an Addam family meeting does not add the flavor of the Halloween party. Her grandfather and Herman fly to Transylvania and back in a few hours (absurd.) Sid Ceaser is the most, gives the most incredible character (including the bad robots) because he gabbles a delicate combination of gibberish and yiddish, but pretends to be an old Arab leader. And yes, it seems that there is no way of laughing. In fact, there are more places where there is dead air, as if the laughing path was to be inserted later. The actors seem to wait for the fake audience. It's not ridiculous; It is sad. And the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that just goes to show you how much the relationship between writers and producers has been. Marilyn says something like, "Where could Uncle Herman and Grandpa be? He may have been in an accident, he could have been hit by a car ... or a train!" Lily says she responds with something like, "You're Uncle Herman will be here if he has to pull off the train." What's amazing about this: Yvonne DeCarlo's husband was a stuntman in the early 1960s and lost one leg and was almost killed in a train stunt. It never recovered, and this financially devastated the family. (see the biography of the fantastic review of life and his career) This line could have been easily changed to be more sensitive to it. If you are a true fan of Munster, then you have to RENT this misery. This illustrates how some things are better left alone. Even with (almost) original distribution, this is almost as bad as the tentative remake of the show a few years ago.
