To be clear from going goes, "Bagman" is very, very, very bad. It's very terrible in almost all aspects except for a single product: the finished product is such a terrible movie that it's actually fun to watch. This is a very poor film. Budgetary constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone who even follows the opening title sequence. I'm not sure if much of the humor in the movie was intentional or not. For example, the movie takes place in 'Doomsville'. Write to all potential home buyers: If the city you are moving to is called "Doomsville," continue to move. Stephanie Beaton is rushing to get her head off for a pretty excited sex scene in the kitchen. I could not laugh because she has intentional humor (it lights on the gas stove ... understand that sex is the CEA warmth?) And unintentional humor. Unintentional in this case is music. It is the thematic music for Chariots of Fire, which goes to Electronics. Break your computer and synthesizers! I realize that Friday with music for a small production like this is prohibitive. I really feel for them, because the work here is so intentional. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily a good music. I have not laughed so much on sex on the screen since "Alone in the Dark" with that song "Seven Seconds" (I guess they suggested that the poor old Mr. Slater was a bit ... quick to tie?). Even the final credits are hilarious. Intentional or not? You are the judge: a pet dog and a cat are part of the credited distribution - and an animal fighter was on the set for them! - The boom is credited to "Mr. B. Stick" and the Unit 3 closet (Yes, they had a third unit) is credited to K-mart. Perhaps I am just myself, but I think the hilariousness of this movie is more than just saving the movie. The film is very, very bad, but Stephanie Beaton's goals, his friends and his family are so well-intentioned in "The Bagman" that you can only help out as a film they produced. The "Bagman" is bad, but not terrible. In its sweet way, it even manages to be a bit weird. He bears his faults so sincerely that you can not forgive them. "Better" films trying to hide defects are almost a bit more serious. I think this is just a movie that knew who the audience was and was produced accordingly. Watch any number of movies and most will likely be much better than these. Some of them may look cheaper or have worse action or worse output. They can not suffer terribly how "The Bagman" makes terrible editing effects, sound and foley. Mr. B. Stick has not done a very good job. The special effects seem to be the most of the money. These tend to be more fun than frightening, though when "Bagman" is finally unveiled at the end of the year, the makeup there is surprisingly well done. 4 out of 10 are tall but humor has helped a lot. This is an ideal movie to watch some nights with a few friends and a few beers in hand. Big fun must be taken by anyone who seriously consider themselves movie B-film or low-budget movie aficionados. All others should probably avoid big prejudices.
