Inspector Gadget was probably my favorite drawing of all time. I liked both the first and the second season of the series, as well as the "Inspector Gadget Save Christmas" specialization in 1992. Some Gadget fans will quickly criticize the second season (1985) of the show, but they have to compare it with DiC's 2002 release of "Last Case Case Inspector Gadget: Claw revenge" because then they will find the second golden season. Being a Gadget fan, I could not resist the opportunity to see the Gadget Inspector animator in something not related to Gadget Boy. I bought the movie and vowed to be objective; I knew that sometimes the artistic freedoms would be taken from the original series. I was not even preparing myself for what I was going to look at. It was almost not a piece of original intact scene. Here is a short list of just a few of the opposite for this movie: * Humor is nonexistent in the original series. Penny and Brain (which initially have an almost equal part in the series as Gadget) are missing from the action for fifteen at twenty-minute intervals. <br /> <br /> * The original Saban & Levy music is not there, and the score that exists is sub-par. (It is understood that Saban has his own production company now, but at least "Inspector Gadget Saves Christmas" had good music, even without Saban.) * Do not expect to see any of the Gadget gadgets that made the show so enchanting, such as the gadget -copter, gadget-brella, gadget-mallet, gadget-coat (which was actually used but not even called the same), as well as the other hat and hand gadget standards. In this film, his gadget's feet were telescopic instead of springs. This kind of thing upsets the real fans of the show and simply does not need to change. The gadget of the original series is now a convertible that is supposed to be "hip". All fans in the original series enjoyed turning the gadget into the gadget and vice versa. * Chief Quimby is now very short-tempered and even meant to Gadget. He has always been grumpy in the original series, but this pushes the situation a little more. Penny does not have a computer card anymore. Is there anything positive about this movie? OK, here goes ... Maurice LaMarche does a good job of taking over the great Don Adams as Inspector Gadget. In a scene, Quimby's head hints at a true negative character in the cartoon series: "Great Wambini" (the classic "Gadget" character in the second season, expressed by Louis Nye). Looking for more redemption factors for this movie? Well, you're not lucky. Life is making choices and living through these choices. Most situations in life have a purpose, even if it is to teach a lesson. Lesson learned here: keep in mind the original formula! "If it's not broken, do not fix it." The real fans of the gadget should avoid this movie; you will definitely be disappointed. Hopefully DiC and Shout! The factory will continue to release more of the original series after the 2006 release of "Inspector Gadget: Original Series, Volume 1", which contains the first 22 episodes of the series. As a true Gadget fan, an animation fan of the 80's and many of DiC's programs, will urge the audience to buy the DVDs "Inspector Gadget: The Original Series, Volume 1" and "Inspector Gadget Saves Christmas" DVDs that are excellent and sure to bring back pleasant memories.
