"Bubble" is an effort to make a guy like Romeo and Juliet with an Israeli and a Palestinian, though he seems to come to him through "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210." Characters are superficial and trite, such as dialogue and plotting. The film seems to be torn between puff and deep. On the one hand, there is a sharp effort to be superficial (as one example of many), some minor characters even ask questions that call for the development of understanding in the conflicts at hand and receive answers like: "Hey, we are here to making a poster for a rav against the occupation. Do not be politics! "Beyond the obvious absurdity of such a line, it is just one of the many signals signaled by the fact that the film is as empty and non-substantial as the title suggests or. On the other hand, the main extension of the film to the depths follows lovers at a presentation of the Bent movie about homosexuals in a Nazi labor camp. The stage scene hurries strangely, undermining its erotic power (easy to understand because of the film's constraints, but this could have been done in a much better way) and is as thin as the rest of the movie . Sin. This game deserves much better. Characters are so unique in size, some even have names that telegrap their entire (though the word seems inappropriate here) substance. The aggressive soldier in the Golani brigade is called "Golan". The militant Palestinian is called "Jihad". The faghag room purchase is "Lulu". Whoever is familiar with the crossing points and life in Palestine, either real or documentary, will find the scene of the control points as absurdly unreal as? well, the rest of this fluffy fantasy. When a Palestinian woman enters the fastest registered labor force, the Israeli soldiers are worried and helped, an ambulance comes in minutes. (The result of the birth serves to show the Palestinians as being unappreciated by Israeli and even paranoid benevolence.) The checkpoint is presented as a simple challenge, not a series of clogged obstacles, crushing souls, humiliating souls, without regard to care medical or necessity in case of birth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, seems to be moving from Nablus to Tel Aviv without problems, without documents, without problems. It appears whenever he likes it. When the Israelis want to go through it, it is much more a challenge involving a scheme worthy of Lucy Ricardo. Against the backdrop of beautiful Israeli, homophobic supporters and Palestinians, are we heading towards a resolution that is totally lacking in motivation or purpose? except as a dramatically obvious painful device for milk sympathy for banned lovers. Israeli-Palestinian homosexual homosexuality was treated on the scene with much more skill and depth than in Salem's "Salaam / Shalom," so this movie is hardly as innovative as some people would like. as well as Ed Wood's works - have at least a striking idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. It does not even have what it works for. Most of the soundtrack resembles Simon and Garfunkel on quaaludes, and even with the peculiar oedipal oddness of homosexual sex scenes, the general incompetence that penetrates into this film plays like a weekly TV film.
