I saw Crispin Glover, "What is it?" at the Ann Arbor film festival. Of course, the movie was best called, because I understood clearly that neither the writer / director could provide any answer. At the question-and-answer session after watching, Mr. Glover said that the movie was originally meant to be a short film to show the virtue of using down-syndrome actors. However, this is not in itself sufficient to create a movie. The actors are, in my opinion, a stumbling block for a wider vision - a wider vision that seemed at best and in the worst case. Crispin Glover also said he wanted to address the taboo subjects. Well, he does that. But why? The film seems to have no position, no reason to approach anything. Does it feel that these things should not be taboo? The film does not even give me an indication of this. Taboo for taboo reasons is not interesting. He does not even allow himself to make disturbing or instigatory taboo at any level because he has not made public in any way. <br /> <br /> Ignoring problems with the concept for a moment, the thing that shocked me the most was how stupid the movie was. Editing, cinematography, and other technical aspects often seemed highly amateur. Glover said that 125-150 thousand dollars went into the film and I think the money would have been spent on different designers (Glover made a design in itself - I know we've seen at least sound design in credits). Painted sets are fine (not wonderful), but they are badly used. The parties feel like a scene of a scene shot - which would be good if some purpose had happened, but in Glover's hands he simply feels negligent. Other songs are filmed as a kind of low-quality home movie for a lot of things I've seen for the first time on iMovie. Maybe the biggest problem with "What is this?" is that I can not understand how serious the movie is. There are some parts that feel like Glover screams at you to think seriously. On other points, he seems to be on his own joke. Perhaps he wanted this to be ironic or somehow understood, but I felt that Glover could not even give the film serious attention. Glover said he initially wanted to be a short film. If it were just that. At seventy-two minutes, the film has no images and ideas in the first twenty years, and it is debatable if the ideas were formulated enough to claim they were right there for that period.
