* Can it contain a spoiler? * Only mentioning Crispin Glover is enough to send a geek's pantyhose in a bunch. His spotted spot in the future, as George McFly seals him for his American consciousness forever. More recently, he tried to return to the cultic subconscious with Bartleby and Willard. This time, however, Crispin made a dada 76-minute movie. Sometimes he reminded me of the genius, while he generally almost insulted me, but not because of his content. Content? What is it? is a movie in which, in a half of the film, all actors have Down syndrome, giving them an angry feeling. The other half of the film includes Crispin Glover, Adam Parfrey and a brain paralysis type. All of this had the sense of what John Waters is trying to do with Desperate Life, feeling simultaneously more successful and less miserable. Half of the Down Syndrome actors also have many killed snails. It's a guy who has snails and ends up killing one. He is also tormented by a bunch of other people and a grasshopper. He falls in love with two girls, one of whom has sex in a cemetery. He also has a fall with a friend teasing him. In a strange semi-interior set, Crispin Glover is the director of this show. It's kind of controlling the type's mind, and the type of brain paralysis is something like sexuality. At least he gets masturbated in explicit scenes. There are other humorous shocking images, such as the Nazi Swaztikas, crossed by Shirley Temple, and blackstreet minstrels saying they are Michael Jackson. In the outside world, the tormentor still deals with the love of killing snails and being beaten by other people. They stoned him and so. Later, they beat the minstrel after they tried it. Back inside, Crispin Glover is still the leader of his set and tries to control everyone, but he does not succeed at all. <br /> <br /> What is it? makes less sense than Dr. Caligari and has more than a stolen style of passage from him. The claustrophobic mental space is very similar to how Dr. Caligari's non-wall sets were felt claustrophobic. They also had a dialogue that was absolutely nonsense. And everything was wrapped up with absurd images of humor. The problem is, about 20 minutes in the movie ... maybe a little more ... What is it? the images are finished. In the next 56 minutes, we continue to run on the same sets of images, introducing only new images in the form of an absurd puppet show. The film seems a bit more than a movie that tries to push the envelope into offensive images and taboo. She tries to comfort and confuse the audience. But the problem is that it has only quite different images for a 40-minute film. Even worse, the cinema, the set design and everything else felt very cheap and almost unplanned. It felt "OK, that's how we can do it and get it out of the way." It was not interesting and it was pretty ... boring. Dr. Caligari, on the other hand, had an amazing cinema and a framing. The difference between the two is quite amazing. <br /> <br /> Rating: C
