no effort has been made in Valentine to prevent it from being another teenage film, a sub-genre of horror films about which we have seen too much in the last decade. I heard a lot of people complaining that the movie is breaking off from several previous horror films, including Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as much as I do not like being redundant, the destruction is so blatant it's impossible to say anything. Jeremy's glass of jerk on Jeremy's head at the start of the movie is so obviously taken over from Carrie that maybe they just just told him in the movie ("Hey everyone, this is the director, and the next is Carrie-rip-off excuse you! "). But that's just a suggestion. (Spoilers) The film is structured in exactly the same way that all the other teen thrillers are structured. We know a girl briefly, at first she is killed, people wonder in the old tone, but that happens only to the others and then they start to be killed. The problem is that the director and writers want to keep clear and honest to keep the mysterious and suspense movie, but they have no idea how to do it. Take Jason, for example. Here is this hopeless, arrogant guy who is so self-conscious and sick with women that she divides the check on a date according to what each person has, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after a short lesson of history how poor the poor Jeremy was treated is supposed to have a meaning. Besides, and even more importantly, it has the same initials as the little boy the girls are terrorizing in the sixth grade and the same initials that are signed at the bottom of all vicious Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for the audience to be deceived deliberately and sometimes with the behavior of one or more characters who seem to be the main suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of effort but not a good example of effort successful. Sure, I've thought for a while that he might be the killer, but that's not the point. We know from the beginning that it is horrifying with the women who bind him to the boy at the beginning of the movie, but then in the middle of the movie he appears at the party, smiles in flirting on two main faces, then gives them an ugly look and leaves, vanishing from the party and the movie without explanations. We already know he's a cartoon character, but his role in the movie was so badly thought that they just took him out when they were done with him. On the positive side, the killer is true identity was, in fact, difficult to predict in at least a subtle way, which, unfortunately, was yet another waste. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley stabbed him with his own scalpel, he did not make any sound, suggesting that the killer might be a silent woman to prevent herself from being revealed as a woman rather than a man suspected of all. But then, for the rest of the movie, we have only this strident, tireless and unstable killer with an excited mask and a gigantic butcher's knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, with all due respect, shows that he has problems with the girls themselves in the sixth grade) says he is influenced by Halloween. This is, of course, completely useless, because it is so obvious from how bad the film plagues. The only difference between the Valentine killer and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was much more effective and had no problem with nasal bleeding. This thing is shameless. Finally, there is a brief attempt to mislead one more time about who the killer is (complemented by the slow move and the killing of the killer), but then we see his nose Adam begins to bleed while keeping Kate, his often reluctant friend, and we know he was the killer over time. Nothing in the movie suggested that he could be the killer until the final act, and that unexplained nasal bleeding was not even the most delicate way to identify the real killer at the end of the movie. Valentine is not scary (I watched her in an empty house after me after midnight and I was afraid of the dark as long as I remember and did not even scare myself) and the characters would be able to take care if it would not be so obvious that they would die. I remember being impressed by the theatrical previews (although the movie is in and out of theater faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
