Easy SPOILERS contained here. I'm browsing this movie to save you the trouble of having to watch it. <br /> <br /> Jet Li's films fall into one of the two categories: Shaolin movies and films, established in modern Hong Kong, which spill around triad or triad organizations. Every genre has the best and the worst movies. "Twin Warriors" is Jet Li's best film in Shaolin's era, while "The Cult Evil" is the worst. "Fist of Legend," while in the recent past is Jet Li's best "modern era" film. "Black Mask" is undoubtedly the worst. Jet Li plays a self-exiled mercenary who received an injection that gives him superior skill, but shortens his life. In his "new life" in exile, a pacifist librarian plays. When his mercenary crew is in a kidnapping, Jet Li is vigorously determined to stop them. He gives a corrugated, very bad cardboard mask to hide his identity from the police (and public) as a librarian, as well as to hide his true identity from his ex-gunmen. <br /> <br /> The version I saw was doubled, and great at this. Why does Jet Li capture and keep his librarian hostage if he is pacifist? Is there a love affair between them? Why does the police chief do not care when he finds the true identity of the Black Mask? The plot is just bad. Bad through the superheroic gait, bad in the sense that the characters are never developed properly, bad in the interactions of their character, all overcome by a half explained story that I quickly lost interest. and the martial arts sequences are far above the top. A lot of blood, gore (parts of the body cut aplenty), explosions and fiasco of super-human martial arts in the Matrix style are present in the film. Unfortunately, this is the best movie and just the point of sale. If you want to see Jet Li playing a vigilant superhero in an "Impossible" style film, "Black Mask" offers. For the rest of us Jet Li fans is a real disappointment. This is one of those movies where Jet Li never gets to be Jet Li: he does not get any chance to fascinate with his charisma, no chance to impress us with his impressive but realistic martial arts talent. <br /> <br /> Normally a Ozzy Osbourne Chinese knockoff would be enough to take care of me in a movie, unfortunately "Black Mask" turned out to be an exception to this rule. Indeed, the antagonist of this film, the way he dresses, his long and straight hair, and the round sunglasses, looks like modern and elderly Ozzy Osbourne. However, the villain is not long enough on the screen to make the trick worth it. I suppose the likeness of Ozzy was intentional; In addition to the villain's appearance, he also ran a satanic look. So much could be done from Ozzy Osbourne trick! If only the writer, the director or anyone who bothered to give a background and develop the character of the negative character of the movie! "Black Mask" was the first Jet Li movie, released on video in the US after Lethal Weapon 4, and I'm glad I stay away from her so far. Perhaps it would have ruined my whole perception of Jet Li as a Martian artist and actor. If you want to see Jet Li at worst, rent the "Black Mask" and "The Cult of Evil" and make it a double feature or a horror, both intentional and unintentional. Otherwise, stick to movements that use Jet Li's talents and you have plots that are semi-well thought out and plausible. 3/9 stars.
