Ouch, what a distorted film Sci-Fi! And this is particularly regrettable because the 15-minute opening has been so full of action and full of potential! During the introduction, we follow a bunch of nervous security officers and armed men, while they are following a doctor who has escaped from a mysterious lab with a briefcase full of top secret files. As he reveals the alleged horrendous and inhumane events taking place in the laboratory, he was executed. Digits ?? Since then, the action has changed between two locations, the above-mentioned laboratory and the cornseed (or something) rural mansion, and it is quickly clear that experiments are actually the opposite of the disturber. Rather boring, useless and vague. Scientists have selected four random people without living relatives and it really is really very important to tell the truth even if a huge car reads the contents of their mind anyway. They all hide the dark secrets of their past, and people suffer when they are revealed; however, I can not see how these tests could ever lead to a device that threatens humanity. Maybe I lost something, but I doubt it. Interactions between patients and doctors are even less interesting to follow because none of them has personalities. So, practically, the "brain machine" deals only with a bunch of people living in a room terribly decorated. Also, the film could have been shorter than half an hour if it were not a thousand stagnant buildings! The relocations from the lab to the villa and vice versa are indicated EVERY SINGLE TIME by a five-second photo of the seats. Manufacturers really needed the stuffing or just assumed that all Sci-Fi viewers are not able to see a change of location through themselves. Looking at a deserted pool with a mansion in the background for the tenth time in just five minutes becomes quite annoying, I assure you. James's performance as a mental retarder is pretty decent, but a man certainly can not save this from being an absolute loss of time. Avoid!
