"A Damsel in Distress" is definitely not one of Fred Astaire's best musicals. But even Astaire's bad movies have always had some good moments. In "Damsel," Astaire is Jerry Halliday, an American musical star who is in London in a personal-looking tournament. He meets Lady Alice Marshmorton (19, Joan Fontaine), a beautiful English heiress who feeds behind a cabin he takes to get rid of a lot of admirers. Jerry thinks Alice is forced into a marriage by her rich aunt. He is trying to save her from his family's mansion, but soon he finds out that the house's staff put bets on which he will marry the cute Lady Alice. Keggs (Reginald Gardiner), the convincing butler, and Albert (Harry Watson), the bratty house boy, alternately rotate helping and sabotaging Lady Alice's love with Jerry to make sure he wins the bet. <br /> <br /> Music has many problems. First, there is a plot, based on a novel by P.G. Wodehouse (who co-wrote the script). The story is slow, painful and nervous. When Fred does not dance, he must endure countless annoying scenes of (a) romantic Fred Joan Fontaine or (b) Keggs and Albert conniving against each other and each other. Butler and the boy are mostly irritating. These are personalized unique characters, the type of guys you just want to punch in your mouth. You want them to get out of the screen and let Fred dance. Astaire suffers in the absence of his usual partner, Ginger Rogers. Joan Fontaine is an unobtrusive lady in this movie and is miscast in a musical. She's not going to do it, with the exception of her beautiful face and beautiful smile. George Burns and Gracie Allen are together for walk, Jerry's publicist and secretary. The duo adds a certain chemistry for free, and Gracie has some funny lines, but it is sometimes annoying. The direction of George Stevens is not well done. Sometimes cinema is horrible and does not focus. There are a number of outdoors scenes set on the extremely misty streets to try to convince the audience that we are in London, not Hollywood. (They probably used tons of dry ice in this movie.) In addition, George's and Ira Gershwin's songs are wonderful and become standard classical songs. And, of course, the dance in the movie is exceptional, thanks to Astaire and his choreographer, Hermes Pan. But the musical and dance numbers are inappropriate and wrong. Sometimes the cast seems to start singing and dancing, because it is time for them to start singing and dancing. The musical numbers seem randomly entered into the meandering plot. (At one point, the butler is heading out of the mansion and turning into an operetta solo for no clear reason.) The numbers include:  "Dancing and I Can not Be Nowtered" - Fred dancing well, brilliant, stuffed with traffic in London. He makes a big "twist of the reed" with a laminated umbrella - but the number ends too early when Fred jumps on a double passage bus. (In the musical on Broadway, "Crazy For You," Harry Groener made a much better version of this number with a group of choir girls.) - "Put Me To Test" - Fred, George and Gracie are dancing three times in an English cottage. George and Gracie fit Fred for the pitch, but the number ends badly with all those who strike each other for no reason. Stiff Upper Lip (The Fun House Number) - In the fun of a home fun park, Fred, George and Gracie have fun dancing on the rotating floor, the rotating barrel, and the mirrors of the fun houses. sometimes it gets repeated. "" Things Look Up "- Fred and Joan Fontaine make a single dance number together in the movie, the forests behind the forest in the country. Fortunately, there is a very simple number of dancing, because Joan is not a great dancer. "" A Zi Foggy in London "- Fred wanders around the mansion in foggy fog at night, crooning the foggy day when he met Joan in London. Sometimes he looks as though he does not know in what direction he goes in the fog - just like the musical number itself. <br /> <br /> "A good job if you can get it" - A great song that is mistakenly used in the movie. During a social event at the mansion, Fred gets to -one choir of singers who face pains, who randomly play this song. Every time Fred joins, the other singers look at him as if he would like to leave. (Again, Harry Groener made a Better Dancing with this song in Crazy For You.)  "Drum Dance Number" - As Fred and Joan are eloping, Fred must stop and make a last dance, drums group. As usual, there is a very good number of dancing, but it is not absolutely necessary except for the prolongation of the film. The most experienced moment in the film comes when Fred decides to jump off a large stone railing to the land to prove his love for Joan Fontaine. As he jumps off the balcony, he finds a convenient trapeze - that is, a * trapeze * - hanging from a nearby tree. Fred (or rather, a stuntman in Fred's clothes) grabs the trapeze and the cradles on the ground. </ P> <br /> <br /> The film deserves DVD on dance numbers only, but you feel indebted to the guy who invented the Fast Forward button on the remote. The >> FF button lets you jump through the other dull scenes in the movie to get to the dance numbers.
