We had great expectations that this indie has disrupted the many reviews. Then ... "Here is" two extra cents "to the already posted, excellent" revised translation lost. "Prerequisite: Morgan is" stuck "in a small town where she meets Scarlet who works in the supermarket Maybe Morgan can help lift the awesome Scarlet from the trash of the trailer Realistic Dialogue No. What about the shopping in Target First of all, Freeman looks at the target interior as if he had entered Harrods Then, he was thrown over a T-shirt with support to confirm that NEVER was in any store visited by the wonderful Scarlet. Morgan is detached from any and all aspects of Scarlet's reality and portrayed as joy in his ignorance of everyone and all in Scarlet's life.A reviewer enjoyed the Scarlet scene and ex-hubby battle where her survival, a car in this case, requires her physical ex-hubbie attack.Freeman ran to defend her ... naw ... feeds in unbelief and totally incapable of dealing with such a strange aspect of her very real crowd in her life. <br /> <br /> Freeman's character thinks that a car wash and a new, very revealing clothing blouse is the key to Scarlet's interview. Another sign that Freeman is CLUELESS. Freeman's "endless" discussion scene in which all aspects of Scarlet's reality are reduced to one or another stage related to Freeman's experience was irritating. Freeman is right to point out that Scarlet is young with her future ahead of her and then conveniently ignores the brick walls she faces in her face: awkward skills, no white collar or experience, VERY LOSS, without family support and a life of low self-esteem. Scarlet teaches such Freeman life lessons as: some people pay $ 100 for a shirt and a revealed blouse can open doors instead of lack of education and white collar work skills. Finally, Freeman gives Scarlet something more than a strange diversion with a "star", not even paying for gas for Scarlet's night's death to return to her unchanged life in a city that Freeman he does not care to know him.
