I rented Lensman's English version, hoping that since it came from well-known novels, it would have something substantial. While there were substance clues in the movie, most of them did not rise above cartoon levels for children. Maybe the movie was a bad adaptation of the book or lost much in the double version. Or maybe even the source novels were light. But for whatever reason, there was not much there. I have noticed a lot of details that were derived, neglected, poorly dramatic or otherwise deficient. Some examples: The opening scenes seemed borrowed from the "star gate" scene of 2001 and the Star Wars image of hyperspace. The robot on the harvester has shown an anthropomorphic "R2-D2". He begins to try to borrow his Star Wars comic style, but with mercy (since humor does not work) he gives up comedy and plays it seriously. In this sense, it is superior to the Star Wars franchise, which began with a sense of humor and eventually deteriorated to Jar Jar's annoying obligeance. The details of agriculture were apparently drawn by someone who had never seen a farm. The harvester was driving through the unrealized field of a field, shedding the silo on non-contiguous crops, instead of working from one side to the other and pulling the silo on the already harvested lines or in a truck. The corn was poured into the grain gutter, but the agricultural land was drawn as a wheat field. When it was time for Kim's father to face his fate, there was no dramatic weight at the scene. This may have been partly the blame of the English voice actor, but the drawings did not show too much weight. Kim's reactions to that scene were also unconvincing. Similarly, when a character named Henderson was killed, Chris showed a very small reaction, even if he should have been close. (Henderson's death is not a spoiler, his name is not revealed until the scene of his death.) He seems to have forgotten it. Someone's expression of sympathy shows more sensation than she. I think the vocal actor deserves most of the blame in this case; there is at least one sense of sentiment in Chris's drawings. On many occasions, the villains fail to fulfill their orders. A wicked leader often punishes those failures with miserable deaths. I can not tell if it was picked up from Star Wars or comes from an earlier source - possibly the Lensman books. There is a scene where a space ship collapses. As it collapses to the ground, the parts leave the ship. But so many pieces are fallen so nothing must remain in it until it arrives. While in most cases Chris seems like a competent, tough, spacious hero, there is a scene in which she screams an incompetent woman in distress. Somebody hard enough to get over Henderson's death so quickly should at least say, "Help me, I get caught and I can not touch my gun!" instead of just crying. <br /> <br /> The character with the greatest personality (almost too many times) is D.J. Invoice. It sounded like Wolfman Jack, D.J. in American Graffiti. I wonder if it's just as well expressed in the original language. Two planets in the film exploded. Explosions were unimpressive and seemed to have a lot of inspiration for Star Wars. However, unlike his cause, the cause of the explosion was completely different from Starfleet's primary weapon. The dialogue had a good and interesting explanation for the cause. Many other explosions in the film have shown well, not just planetary explosions. Some of the sound effects are very dark, as if they were borrowed from a 1970s video game. Some pictures look like primitive video games, and an influence from the Tron is also visible. On the other hand, sound effects are often quite decent, although this emphasizes the sound tracks. Art is also good, especially when it's far from computer graphics, often in the form of cheese. Finally, it's the story. If a movie tells a good story, it can get rid of many production deficiencies. But the intrigue here was pretty easy. A naive boy tries to help someone on a corrupt space ship and acquires a great power he does not understand. He and his band of very virtuous comrades are fighting against a strong, unsuccessful enemy. He makes friends, learns about his special strength and becomes a young man. If he is persistent and quite virtuous, he could even defeat the evil enemy. The details along the way can make such a story rise above the plain outline, but there is very little more than in this movie. Finally, it's just a cartoon of kids. But then, since it seems that the primary target audience is a bigger child, maybe it should not be more than that.
