Wow. Watching this movie today, you can not help but be afraid of writing this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young sing a couple who in modern times could be presented at "The Jerry Springer Show" - because they have a sick and abusive relationship ... and inexplicable, the writers seem to support it! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a hungry and sheltered Loretta, showing the ropes by poor but very reasonable Spencer Tracy. He shows that by persuasion you can do very well with little money and take her home to the boat to stay. It is never clear whether or not to marry - and considering it a pre-code movie, you can assume that they are not even if they are cohabiting. Their relationship is very strange ... and quite bad. While you can see that Tracy cares about her through his actions, he is verbally abusive and a total villain - and the young man is running for more like a dog. He calls them "weak" or "ugly" and they are, in a sick way, his way of using his enthusiasm! Later, when she starts to fool with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her girlfriend that if she wants to, she's fine with her! Surely a sado-masochistic relationship and you can not feel a little horrified. Sure, he did not hit it, but the relationship is very abusive. To show how sick she is when she is pregnant, she says, "... it's your baby and it's mine, but you do not have to worry, I'll take all the blame for it!" Oops! Does not this seem to be like looking at a glove in a sick and dysfunctional home? Later, in an art case that imitates life, Tracy proves what kind of man he is and disappears. After all, he can not be burdened with a child - even if it is his. But he changes his mind and decides to return home. Wow ... that's a bit of him! And when he returns, he's hated and behaves as if he's staying, he's not obliged to take care of the baby! And he tells him he is "a free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was almost in tears at this moment ... NO! Soon, this crazy pair is getting married ... and obviously Young is depressed, because he seems to stay as long as he likes it - not because of love or sense of responsibility. How can you save something with such sick characters? What would you do? Well, as far as the writers are concerned, Tracy will soon make a robbery to help the brother! The romantic aspects of the movie are overwhelming to say at least! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a stick - he does almost nothing to take precautions in order not to get caught - as he secretly hopes to be sent to jail. And to show what kind of nice guy he is, the guy he's trying to rob is one of his best friends. While there is more to the film, the bottom line is that Tracy is a stupid and Young is an idiot in the movie. Despite the fact that both are very good actors, there is absolutely no way of doing anything out of this bad writers produced. Nice music, beautiful sets, good action ... and a script that is 100% poo. How is currently rated 7.4 is beyond me and I wonder how anyone can ignore the pure luck of the characters. A horrible hole that somehow did not destroy the careers of those involved. If you wonder if Loretta EVER has a backbone in this movie or plays a person who is a bit stronger, the answer is NO! After all, she did not learn anything and never changed well. <br /> <br /> They sure do not make movies like them ... and in this case ... thank God!
