may contain spoilers !!!! so I watched this movie last night on the LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which is NOT known for displaying quality movies. THIS MOVIE IS AWFUL! I'm still amazed that I looked at the whole thing, because it was terrible. could this film contain more stereotypes? (harping the Jewish mother who wants the son to be a doctor, a Catholic family with priestly priests, big crucifixes in every room shown in the Catholic family home, Mexican curves, "bad" type that is really a sophisticated heart, incredible bad accents in tara) GAG !!!! I was at first intrigued by the fact that I never heard of this movie and after seeing cheryl pollack and german corine were in it, I decided to stay awake until 4am to watch her. anyway, the only redeeming thing about this film is the beauty of Madden Amick. I suppose Polack and Nemec's actions are all right, but they have a horrible scenario to work with. Unlike the other commentator who commented on the lack of Texan accents (the film should be held in Austin and very few people have a twang) I think the accents were there (in support of some characters like Marry's dates and John) and were useless. were also very very bad. I'm so tired of Hollywood's "southern" accents, which sounds nothing like the area where the accent should be from. and since it should have taken place in Austin and filming there in 1991 would not have been expensive, I have waited fully for known city pictures: the beautiful chapter building, the UT Tower lit for a winning football game, but neither one of these things was not there. it also takes about 5-6 hours to drive to Mexico from Austin. at one point in the film, Michael and his posse take off Mexico to lose virginity and are able to get out in the dark when it's dark (in summer and early autumn it does not darken in Austin until 21 o'clock); spend time in Mexico drunken and sex with the Mexicans (is there any other way?) bitch and then return to Austin at dawn. While this is theoretically possible, it is NOT likely. and if someone started school in the hill country (usually in the third week of August, but maybe it was in September 1960), they know that if they do not want to go through stroke, they do NOT wear letter jackets !! !! ! in August and September in Austin and surrounding areas is 90 + degrees. only people who do not have body temperature would be stupid enough to wear sweaters or letter-jackets on the first day of school. all in all, a very bad made for movie experience film.
