James Bond in the wilderness? Well, so it seems: Pierce Brosnan is best known as Bond in "Tommorrow Never Dies" (1997) and "Golden Eye" (1995) - both shot before this release. Honestly, the two movies are so bad, and Brosnan turns into a more convincing marginal performance, and Annie Galipeau (like Pony's lover, Gray Owl) has to struggle with a careless dialogue. > The two aunts, on the other hand, are perfect. But the movie is not about aunts. It's about the wildness of Canadian halls. And while the photo can be beautiful, there are no stones in the harsh reality of living in the wild. Annie Galipeau, like Pony, fails to be convincing, unfortunately, because I wanted to believe in it. He was a relatively inexperienced twenty-year-old man on this film and could have worked, but Richard Attenborough was not tough enough for her. It makes it look vulnerable, which of course is ... but somehow wrong. But one thing sure, she seems to be perfect all over the world. But in the wild, does the mascara and eyebrows worsen? It simply does not fit, especially as it seems to only walk with Bond (sorry, Gray Owl) and uses close-up shots. I have lived with people in the Northwest Pacific Forest, and just did not look so beautiful and stay so sweet in the struggle for survival. Which brings me to another point: the film does not evoke the period in which it is fixed: the 1930s. I have blamed here, for the most part, on a glossy scenario that is eager to teach at the expense of the dramatic arc, points the plot, and those little details that can evoke the period through action. William Nicholson wrote the script, and her latest offer, "Elizabeth, Golden Age", was opened three days ago, so I hope there is an improvement. Yes, I have read the comments posted by others, I am not convinced. A lot of potential, but wrong and even badly conceived. If he had a religious film, he would have been exalted, but because he preaches ecology, the film remains somewhat critical because it is "politically correct". Sorry, for all this, I do not buy it. Amen.
