Published by Seven Channel in Australia as "Unwritten Story," this miniseries deactivate in the first five minutes, washing away the teenage childhood and adolescence in less time than a good director will use to create a single event. This cowardice and self-censorship for fear of offending someone permeates the series and is ultimately responsible for its failure. Robert Carlyle puts in a valuable performance as the most ugly man of the twentieth century, but he is pushed by two things. The lack of a decent dialogue coach on a series leaves the North-British legacy shining dazzlingly through its physical appearance, and the dialogue is sometimes truly absurd. Apparently, the recognition that Hitler was raised in a Catholic family is out of bounds, insulting millions of Vikings and their descendants, in that Carlyle has taken the most ridiculous lines about Valhalla is pretty good. Well, here's a clue for writers - any person familiar with Viking mythology will say that Valhalla is about incarnation of honor and power in battle, two things that the Nazis quickly avoided in favor of the rattlesnake of the rats. Until we can wake up and understand that the reason why Hitler has never been excommunicated from the Catholic Church is because it would require the embarrassing recognition of being once a member, we will never know what terrible period in the history of the world we must learn. So now that we have been able to insult the Vikings and Scandinavian citizens in this falsehood, you would think the series will stop there, but not. Stockard Channing's entry into the opening credits was particularly high by eyebrows, as her voice is heard and her face seen for at least thirty seconds at most during the opening credits, which makes it clear that they have several Hitler records have been shot, but they are not included because of a common state of boys' fear of offending someone. It's also quite ironic that the movies or ministeries that offer a better picture of Hilter's character do not represent him at all. Until we learn to stop the sugar coverage of the truth and realize that Germany's citizens are largely opposed to Hitler's visions and not necessarily by ignorance, we will never learn to deal with the fact that the undermines of democracy (yes, Germany was a pre-Hitler democracy) can appear anywhere, we are destined. This is the only thing the mini-series was right in portraying. Unfortunately, that element is lost in attempts to make Hitler's religious beliefs seem like those of a more brave people and the inability to scratch in any part of the subject. David Letterman's show did so when they wore short segments of the series. They really could have made a family sitcom with him like the star, so it's very wrong. <br /> <br /> In total, this politically correct farce of a bio-pic does not deserve any point, but I gave it two, because Robert Carlyle definitely deserves better material than this and is the only thing that works.
