There are so many games to play on the spectacular evil Valentine's title that I do not know where to start. I'll say that, though; here is a movie that makes me thank you for the complexity of the Valentine cards I used to give in elementary school. You know, those with Batman exclaiming, "You're a super-valentine fighting the crime!" Valentine is a flying movie, without the slightest trace of irony, one of the few horror films of recent years that ignore Scream's influence. The bastard is omniscient and almost invulnerable. Heroes are easily scared when people run around the corners and grab their shoulders screaming "HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind!" The score is more dizzying than Norman Bates' mother. The thin terrain follows more childhood friends, now grown up and extremely slut. Since the film offers nothing else to do, they stand and wait until a masked stalker kills them one by one. This stalker seems to be former nerd Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. With the approach of Valentine's Day, women start to receive scary books that foretell their doom. Melton seems to be the obvious suspect. The only problem is, as many characters warn, that in thirteen, Melton could have changed his appearance to look bizarre and beautiful. So (enter frightened gasp here) everyone is a suspect! Here's one. To have a sense of suspense while watching Valentine, you have to accept a reality in which a high school geographer is able to become David Boreanaz. The bridegroom does not turn to Angel when it grows, it turns into older mockery. He is not a terrible actor, but the script, not less than four writers, gives him and the rest of the camp nothing to do but to shout and to make it out. Denise Richards (the most animated actress in Hollywood, who will never play in Baywatch) is exploited in particular; the most shameful in blatant apology to bring her into a bathing suit just before a crucial suspense scene. Self Note: Always bring a swimsuit to a Valentine's Day party. Just because it is February does not mean that you may not feel like taking a bath drop. Slasher in Valentine Dresses from black to toe with a Cherub mask. This is the number two problem. Those who made the film clearly believed that this would be a disturbing picture of someone who hits people in the face of hot iron. Simple and simple, it is not. Instead, I was wondering how a guy with a mask covering his entire face, including his eyes and ears, can move so deceptively without hitting his sticks on the chairs or tables. Then again, considering the things Killer Killer does, maybe he can teleport and his eyes are on his hands. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie bad, it's not sure who the killer is; the last "twist" is more "Huh?" than "Hah!" When you do not scratch your head, you hear it, then you moan, then look for the closest exit. Do not watch this movie. Even if you are alone on Valentine's Day, find something, NEVER do anything else to do. You will be glad you did.
