It could be the worst movie I've ever seen. In spite of what Mikshelt claims, this film is not even close to being historically correct. It starts bad and then everything is down there. Hitler's father cursed the misfortune of marrying his granddaughter! There were, in fact, other summers. Hitler's mother, Klara, called his father, Alois, "Uncle," because Alois had been adopted and raised by Klara's grandfather and raised as a son when he was indeed his nephew. Alois was much older than Klara, and so, as a child, used to call Alois, "Uncle." The scene in the scenes where Hitler was mocked by his colleagues and decides to take out his dog is simply a shame and an insult to the intelligence of all viewers. We see Hitler chase the dog through the trench when he collapses with the poor things he pulls to not listen to him. In the distance we see and hear that his soldiers continue to beat the game and punish the cowardly man, but then a shell is heading directly to his persecutors, and the last, as we are told, is killed. How then, if Hitler was the only person who survived the scene, did the story of brutality and cowardice appear? Did Hitler walk around himself? - I do not think so. Hitler then bombs and intimidates a poor, stressed and warrior Jewish officer who gives him an iron cross! I can only assume that this Jewish officer was a borrower before struggling for his homeland, and he thought of some medals hired from his store because I'm sure the Iron Cross was not handed over as shown this comical farce. <br /> <br /> All grotesque cliches are here, not least the soothing and hypnotic effect of Wagner's music on the little one. If only the producers kept Ian Kershaw. Then you might have discovered that Franz Lehar's "cheerful widow" had more chances to float in Fuhrer's boat than any "Dutch fly" in Richard Wagner's cannon! Hitler may have been responsible for the death of 60 million people, but how can he ever be forgiven for his terrible taste in music? I can go on, but I would be there for hours. miss.
