<br /> <br /> As usual, I was really expecting a new TV / movie on my favorite subject - making a nice change from a strange documentary about Kursk or Stalingrad on Channel History. I was looking forward to Pearl Harbor and Enemy at the Gates - but it was rudely brought to earth with Hollywood's evil and stupid power, and his ability to spend his fortune Absolutely, I was excited again by "Rise of Evil," especially since I heard Ian Kershaw was involved because I liked the books. I can see why he gave up. To quote a guy responsible for this garbage: "The Kershaw book was an academic piece," he said. "It was quite dry, I needed more incidents." <br /> <br /> Incident? Are they stylish? It can not be said that Hitler's life is not an "incident" - yes, two Kershaw's Hitler biographies were long and detailed, but it ought to have been. The thesis behind "Rise of Evil" seems to be: <br /> <br /> Hitler was a very bad man - he was not a very bad man who HATED the Jews, and only if you are missing this , we will point out that in every scene in the movie. <br /> <br /> There has been no effort to try to explain the mood of time and why Hitler has adopted the views and strategy he has made. Needless to say - unlike the "Nazis" Warning in history - generally excellent - this film has neglected to point out that almost all the communist munitions leaders in Munich were Jews and that this could have seen their point of view on the subject - and its axiomatic connection to the Bolshevism - an absolutely essential aspect for understanding much of the Nazi era. But there was not much deal to do - movie makers were not going to go there, so we just got all the stuff we know about. We certainly do not get the fascinating fact that Kershaw alludes to, which soon Hitler was a socialist / communist immediately after the First World War. This would, of course, be too complex for the film to handle and even distract from the unusual mantra of "it was very bad," which is constantly hitting. We know he was a bad man. However, we also know that he was a fascinating figure both as a public speaker and in more private situations. He could be polite and even sympathetic and, of course, adopted some opinions like vegetarianism, anti-alcohol and anti-smoking that many readers of the Guardian could share. He was also known as the animals, that's why a dog-beating scene was so completely absurd. Also, from all the accounts I've seen, he was a brave soldier in World War I. While I saw him with his Iron Cross, we never get to see how he won it (the courageous acts were not in the script, I do not need to say). We also have no insight into the reason why he was so shot by his war experiences, while Sassoon, Owen, Brook, Remarque and many others have found such a repulsive experience. Again, as above, the Jewish / Bolshevik connection is vital to understanding anyone on the subject. Why did he love so much the war? Why did he think he was always a good idea, despite massive evidence of the opposite? Why does not he care about his colleagues who died? Or maybe he did, but he still drew wrong conclusions. This movie certainly has nothing to say about this. the film is a classic example of "making history relevant to the present" and inventing things or leaving uncomfortable facts to fit with "the present" - which too often is to satisfy the smallest common denominator, Trust on audience one centimeter, so just throw your stuff around your neck, knowing (unfortunately right) that you will always be relieved of it because there are so many crazy people in the world. History is actually about making us relevant to the past and seeing how it is coloring its present for good and for the worse. This garbage was a great opportunity, lost again. They spent millions, and great locations and scenes were impressive, but they did not tell us anything about what we already knew and did not promote any understanding of this dark period in human history.
