** SPOILERS ** A bit of a ridiculous made for the TV movie has a sexy and middle-aged adventure, Isabelle Collins, Susan Tucci, making a number every man contact with in the movie. The first victory over their hearts, then their wallets and then, when no longer useful for it, thrown into the trash as a Kleenex tissue wear. Isabelle's first victim is nothing but abusive, the keeping of Isabelle from bank account raid, husband Stewart, John O'Hurley. It is later in the film when Isabelle becomes very friendly with the former plumber and now the yacht seller, Richard Davis, Philip Casnoff, that she, without really telling her, is totally wickedly loving Richard a contract on her husband's life. By doing this ex-convict, in fact, as soon as he was released from prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, in order to do his job on Stewart Richard, soon finds out that he did not get exactly what he paid, $ 15,000 in cash. Daggett not only blew Stewart's brain but took a solid gold watch that Stewart offered to share his life. Daggett watched Daggett's watch as he tried to put him in a local jewelry store where he was quickly arrested. When Doggett scattered his courage and hired him to kill Stewart, it did not take long for the law to arrest Stewart, hiring Doggett, husband Isabelle's husband to be ex-plumber and yacht seller Richard Davis! Davis's arrest by the police happens just as he and Isabelle took the marriage vows in a local church! Isabelle manipulates everyone, except the men who fall into her head for her, to her advantage, getting them to do their dirty work. She always plays part of the naive housewife or widow or girlfriend or even client Isabelle seems to live a charming life always a step ahead of the law and the police. No matter what she does, Isabelle covers her so well that it's almost impossible to get everyone out of the way of doing the rest of the crimes she committed through another film party . <br /> <br /> After a deception, both figurative and literal, her first husband, Steven, the second husband, for less than ten seconds, Richard and eventually she or Richard's lawyer Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rey, Isabelle knows it's just a matter of time before the police become wise for her. With D. She gets both Richard and Kendrick to prove that Isabelle, knowing that everything is coming close to her, makes her the last move. By transferring all the money abroad, Isabelle and her daughter, Ruby, 10, Lauren Collins, go down to the passport office to get the clearance, passports, to leave the country. <br /> <br /> Then Isabelle makes his first and possibly the last and fatal mistake in the movie. Isabelle is informed by passport clerk, Don Carrier, will have to wait 48 hours for her and Ruby's passport to delete! Just enough time for the police to find her and arrest her! Outlandish ending, which contradicts almost everything and every ethic that is in a movie or crime film. An end that will not only hit the mind, but also your concept of what is good and bad in the world!
