For your sake, it would be better not to consider positive comments about this movie. This movement STINKS. Now, I like (at least theoretically) low-budget horror movies, but this makes the most serious mistake a low-budget shot: it can be too serious. And, unfortunately, this is not just a problem. It's the story of Beles mortal clan of British Ilses transposed in modern times. An interesting concern, but there are two things that are immediately stunning about this movie once you start watching it. Why is the biggest name on the Jenna Jameson CD box? She is a medium-sized woman who can not act, and has a minor role. ANSWER: It is apparently a well known porn star (as you undoubtedly read in other reviews), so I think this is a "cameo" appearance for her. It gives the film a more necessary name recognition, it seems. Its top billing is no indication of her talent, but it is an indication of how UNAlented the rest of the distribution is. 2 - How Can the Filming Factors Be So Poor To Believe Canada Can Be Past Like Ireland? It does not even look like Ireland. And the house where the guests / victims live is this great thing in the North American wood region, Edwardian thing. They should have occupied the entire Beane theme and develop a story that took place in the NA. Also, if you are going to make a movie that is taking place in Ireland, it's probably best to have more than one character with an Irish accent was a true Irish accent.) Now it would not have been so bad if the director had not tried to make the next "Night of the Living Dead", but it seems it was. Sin. He could have fun with him. In fact, some of the scenes were not far from being unintentionally comedic as they were. Like the infamous scene of her neck, the woman was chained to the table, stripped naked and then cut open and eviscerated. It's funny, you ask? Well, in the erased version of the scene, the mutant killer shoots out miles after miles of intestines. It's really funny after a while. And how can the canal to eat intestines, anyway? Are we eating cows and hens? No, we do not eat bunches, ribbons and copes. Oh, okay. Some of the other castors that were annoying: whiny, creepy Howard Rosenstein. I'm not sure, but I think it was supposed to be thrown like STUD. In fact, he is as big as a loser and a puddle ball that his name would imply. Which would explain why the character played by Gillian Leigh just as annoying fell for him. I checked Gillian Leigh on her link to IMDb, and it seems important to know that she graduated high school with honors. I can not decide whether it's funniest or less painful to know that just a few years after graduation, the student of honor takes porn-soft nude scenes in a shower with a guy named Howard Rosenstein. I wonder if my former colleagues saw this movie? If they do, we hope they will get the message: BROWSE THEM! GO TO THE FACULTY !!! I could go on, but why. If you like gore, you'll find something redeeming in this movie, but not much more.
