I'm in Iraq right now doing a job that offers a lot of time to watch movies. We also have access to a lot of pirated movies, this jewel came along with 11 other movies, and this is easily the worst I've seen for a long time. I've seen some reviews that claim this movie is not taking too seriously, but I think it's a cover for that horrible one. It's not about language, the writers thought they were improving on Blade. This movie is just a notch above the Vampire Assassin, which, if you have not seen, I recommend you. At least this movie is so incredibly bad that you will laugh harder than you think is possible. This is even at that peak of redeeming qualities that has never been. from bad action to visual clichés (ie opening credits) to the premier adobe effects. they could not even get gunpowder, which may have to do with the place where the film was shot, but if you're going to use the effects, get them close to the exactness. In terms of distribution, it seems that they just went to a tae bo class and took the first crazy thing that came out. Once again, as Ron Hall in the Vampire Assassin, do not leave the cascade folk act, I can not. Also, the comment about this is a "return of vampire old movies" ... no, it is not. This is exactly what all the new vampire movies are. Buffy Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, are about a super fight against vampires. This is the newest kind of vampire, with bad blood, false murder and noisy action. obviously, anyone who wrote a good review of this is to some extent related to the film or to the distribution friends. But what cares, I paid 33 cents for her. Anyway, to finish this, someone in their first semester of film school decided to make a movie, give it credit because it's better than I could do. Of course I know they can not make movies, so I do not try. But I know how to watch movies. I've been working for 12 hours, 6 days a week, I saw a few thousand in the year I was here, and that was so bad that halfway I hoped for a mortar attack.
