Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions, after one of her children got out of hand with his bothering blades, that he never survives this trip ... boys, he's ever money. Karen is a school teacher who takes her group of children from the Shepley College of Historical Studies to the ugly home of a mansion in Ireland's main stable ... surely there are places in this more relaxing country for the senses than that ?! The manager of the manor, Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and his students to stay on their way and not to wander in the woods. There is a myth about the Sawney Bean Clan, an Indian family of cannibalistic druid ritual, celebrating Samhain ("The Feast of the Dead"), where sacrifices are needed to quench the spirits. Gary is supposedly clairvoyant, says his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen), because he was born on Samhain. Funny because it certainly does not see good results or even gives exact advice. Almost everyone dies (even those who never struggle on the way) and does not even see his own fate. What this monster wears breathing is a victim of too much inbreeding ... his face resembles a malformed mushroom and seems to be a hideous rejection from a Mad Max image. It does not take long before the "bad breeder" kills everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's beloved interest, who made a wrong decision coming to Ireland without his girlfriend's prior knowledge. Horrible slaves of the formula do not deviate from the norm. The tiny budget budgets are loud, and the characters are assembly line clichés that have been resumed to be sacrificed in common ways. Most of the violence intersects quickly on the screen, without much concern about the deaths of the breeder against its victims. A lot of courage comes out during rapid editing cuts as one scene rotates in another. Seeing the naked body of Gillian Leigh for a moment or two is not enough incentive to recommend it. Phil Price has a really irritating character, Steve, often spoiling bad jokes .. how he manages to drive Barbara to Leigh in the shower for some action is bad luck to anyone because I have no reason to have a chance with such a decision. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the lucky role of Shae, a virgin virgin (who is also quite hot) who we know will be the one chosen by the scenario to survive. Jenna Jameson falls hard enough to get her heart out of her chest (at least we see her breasts momentarily before her chest opens) with a few minor lines about two missing friends she's looking for. The main problem with the film is that the story and the character's development stop, because it has been found that none of them is interesting at all, so director Christian Viel just leaves the monster to unleash the carnage that causes aggression, one shot in ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a minority of openness as a victim who has strayed from the path to the camp of his tent.
