Hired a batch of movies from Blockbuster last night, and this was the first one I watched (it was late on a Saturday night, he wanted a "horror film fixation") ... Wow, it was terrible, almost embarrassing, so ... The foolish story of that kind I really believed movies like the Scream ended; amateur actors who give a clichid and insipid dialogue that is hard to believe was actually typed and read a page; and gore scenes that are nothing to be excited about (especially when appearing in a movie you do not write too much). But I've always believed that no film has 100% worthless. Here are the few good things I can say about this misery: Bobbie Phillips: You love this actress. She is the only member of the band who has any acting talent. The only reason I had a chance to rent this thing is because her name was on the front cover. She welcomes her presence in this trick with professionalism, even though she sometimes seems amazed at acting in such a moronic story. Unintentional hilarity: This is the kind of film that I can remember to see him back when still home theaters were in the country and included shit like this movie as the third movie on a triple-bill with a prestigious thriller movie which eventually made its way to the hinterland. Unfortunately, in this direct video age, most viewers have to endure these turkeys alone without the common experience of being part of a jering audience and throwing things on the screen because the movie is so terrible. What leads to ... Porn stars try to act: Much handy because producers do not need to cheat or advocate with them to debate for extended sexual scenes, but this compromise usually means they will end up to speak a few lines that should advance a story (other than "ooh yeah baby" or "harder!"). And, proudly, they knowingly give the stupid look when they try to act. I would almost exclude Ginger Lynn Allen from this group if her character did not have to be an Irish mother and sometimes try to make a smile that always keeps her smile. cute to look positive in all the experiences, and that's what I got from this tank aka "Evil Breed"
