Yeah, definitely better than watching the death tunnel. In fact, some of the deaths were quite original, and the gore was decent. It was like the Wrong Tower meets Hills Have Eyes. BUT: 1.) When the "kids" (high school or college?) Discuss horror movies in the kitchen, all that Shae says is almost a quote from Scream (1996). Things about big girls, etc. <br /> <br /> 2.) Steve was not a Randy from Scream? 3.) In addition to being held in October, what the hell did the film with Samhain? Quite futile if you ask me. It seems to me humorous when I see those horror films of the 80s that explain the free distances by straightening the druid's fingers or a pentagram. 4.) Wow have made a reference Sam Raimi !!! 5.) Why was Gary and his sister in the movie? There are characters who have nothing to do with anything. And is he so psychic that he could not even see his own death? 6.) When Gary was killed in the bathroom (at that moment, death simply became Troma-licious) how did he hear the screams when he was down, but did not hear them when he was standing in front of the door? 7.) Gary's sister commented Haggis - this is primarily a Scottish, not Irish, dish. 8.) So the lesson is if you are like Shae and you have no fun or smile in the whole movie, will you be the one to live? 9.) The mutants were quite cold, but they looked like Chili con flesh food. 10.) When they brought Gary's sister, they forgot that Steve HAD was linked there and wondered where he went? 11.) Was there not more than one murderer? Shae beat that one, but he never met them before. 12.) What about the flashbacks of others? Half of them did not know whether they were dead or alive, so what was with it? 13.) Why did they not kill Gary and his sister before? 14.) Why did not the police ever call? And it seems everyone knew that these people lived in the woods, why did they never organize a raid? 15.) As far as I know, they were not zombies or vampires - how could they "transform" one at the end? Are everyone with the giant "huh?" at the end. Path better than the death tunnel, but still quite careless. I still do not understand why they put it right in Ireland, since Samhain had nothing to do with the plot.
