The justifications for what happened to his film as to the secondary distributors and directors, the drunkards and the receptionists who make the script are rewritten aside, just take this film as it is offered without any explanation. This movie is terrible of God. Straight up craptastic. Rather than rehash what could serve as a plot, I will run a reel to highlight some curious points that made me scratch my head. A class (5) to take a field trip for a history class in the middle of the nowhere in Ireland. These students may be Canadians or Americans, it's hard to say. That it was filmed in a Canadian forest, rather than Ireland, is quite obvious. A student seems to know nothing about history and is basically the "stupid idiot" character in a series of movies, unless he plays Randy from Scream. A character may be a double of Chris Klein. She has a girlfriend who will probably be killed, but she is never established if it is true. A character is scared and departed from his colleagues ... just ... cuz ... and then he's a blonde girl. Yay blonda girl. <br /> <br /> Ireland has a population of 2. They are verses. Gary, who is obviously the same age or less than the rest of the camp, is called "sir" several times. It's very threatening and wearing a knit cap. His cousin is a bloody porn star, with the worst Irish accent on the befle of my life and most likely beyond her. Picturesque Ireland has numerous Canadian forests and marshland and two ducks that appear several times cut scenes. Producers have obtained a reduction in the volume of fake entrails. Good for them. I do not know of myself, weird inbred monks have access to the brand new spanking hunting knives. Perhaps there is some kind of outdoor outing in the vicinity, with a blind and deaf clerk working in the registry. Also unknowingly, if you've been bloody for about 600 years, because the story makes us think it happened until it was somewhat camouflaged, but amazingly upset and pretty strong. Genetics is a wonderful game of craps. There is or can not be more than a weird thing in this movie. It refers to "them" and we see shadows, but only one strange type is ever seen. And when a weird guy finally looks, it seems that all the danger is over. I run away from my initial hypothesis that nobody was thinking of embellishing a second man entirely, so they used the second. So it looks like on the screen anyway. Richard Grieco should be ashamed. Also noteworthy, besides those new shiny knives, strange weirders have access to some gift after Richard Grieco has cut off his ties, are fresh ready for the next sucker that binds ... which also escapes, because the chains give you enough freedom to dismantle them, making them wonder why they even get tired by tying anyone up. A dead body in a boat will be wormed after I think it's about 2 hours past. The dead body will also have glasses that did not wear it. Curious. <br /> <br /> Jenna Jameson appears for no reason left left, chats for 2 minutes, the left stage disappears. In the middle of a huge forest. This is not unusual, because Gary can also appear from nowhere, which is also known as whatever exists on the TV on the screen. <br /> <br /> Jameson dies sadly and somehow her clothes disappeared as my hope that this film will not suck the wind. I give a special sign to the character "Breeder," the poor girl who has been used by strangers for months (or maybe years) for breeding purposes. The poor girl who still has a shadow of eyes and emotta on the room with all the passion and conviction of a stuffed chihuahua. The end of this film was clearly approached by a drunkard or a person with a fierce disability mentality that has been cultivated and encouraged by excessive gasoline consumption over the years. It seems that this was not just a random carp that we found in the movie network late at night, apparently people have heard and even followed this film through its production. How sad for all of you. I have nothing to say. May God have mercy on us all.
