Tourists are heading to Ireland for a school trip to find out about druids. What he is experiencing is a horrible story of cannibal killers. If he had to sum up Evil Breed, it would be a low-grade gore fest. The movie combines Dead Alive, Evil Dead, Wrong Turn it all in one. It's too bad that the movie has so many inconsistencies to keep track of losing any "fun" it would have looked at. The movie has a lot of random "horror" nudity ... although the movie still has four porn stars, four, so there could have been a lot more. The breed also has a good amount of gore. <br /> <br /> Evil Breed has a horrible start with a funny dialogue and horrible adventure. This is given in a horror movie right to the movie, but that takes the cake. I can not figure out who the main character is, since a woman who "lives" in the end is not really in the film too much. Speaking of the end, it must be one of the most random and fake that ends in the history of the film. He has no purpose with the rest of the film and completely changes his vision of the film. You have to see this movie to believe it because there are quite a few big death scenes. There are two death scenes coming into my mind, one in which the cross-murderer breaks the intestines of a naked woman through her chest ... Yeah, in the chest, do not ask me. The other one, when man takes his intestines, once again, has kidnapped his dick. Kills this guy? No, the killer continues to strangle the guy with his own intestines. These scenes remind me so much of Dead-Alive, with the correct value of humor in each. I also had the feeling of Evil Dead, with the useless words of horror movies and Sam Raimi. Together with Halloween, when the female character is in a cabinet screaming for her life with the killer who desperately tries to come in. Although gore and nudity are not enough for the poor audio and visual quality of the film. When the teacher wakes up from her bed and climbs the stairs, her steps are so hard and hard that she seems to wear boots. Destruction really. In addition to the continuity of the movie, with only one cross-murderer? Besides what character dies at the moment. I could not tell if the chicken breast implant was Jenny or Gary's sister or cousin ... I do not remember. In addition to the naked chick, with a dead baby hanging from his body, still attached to the umbilical cord. Horrible editing is fun too, opening credits are too fast and disorienting. It had a bad start and improved, but the end just brings the movie to a horrible level. If there were more production values ​​and greater confidence in this film, then it would not have been horribly killed until death. Stay away from this movie, unless you are happy with the inferior budget of the horrible movie with a decent gore.
