I'm a big fan of Spaghetti Western, and I usually like most of the cheap ones. Infamous director Demofilo Fidani, however, is well known for some of the cheapest, coolest, and worst, contributions to gender. The plot of Fidani's films was usually very poor, and since his talent was quite limited, he usually tried to sell the films by adding Western Western spaghetti names such as "Django" and "Sartana" to titles. The particular case of Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre in 1971 took the title of "Gi첫 La Testa" by Sergio Leone ("Duck You Sucker") and added "Hombre". The film can be found under various titles ("Fistful Of Death", "Western Story" ...), I personally bought it under the name of "Adios Companeros", which this film shares with another Fidani film, "Per One Bar Piena Di Dollari ", which is also titled" Adios Companeros "in the German version. The land is pretty weak, practically following a guy named Macho Callaghan (Jeff Cameron) and his involvement in two rivalries led by Butch Cassidy (Jack Betts) and Ironhead (Gordon Mitchell). Jeff Cameron's leadership performance is not very convincing. I did not find Jack Betts very well like "Butch Cassidy". The legend of Gordon Mitchell always deserves a try, and although he was probably not a very good actor, I have always found amusing and original performances in Spaghetti Westerns and even saved some Fidani movies such as the cute "Django and Sartana. .. Showdown in the West "). There is a very fun and original thing about "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" - the great Klaus Kinski plays a priest! I could have imagined Kinski in any role, but before seeing this movie I would never have guessed that someone would have cast him as a priest. Kinski is once again wonderful, though he has only a little time on the screen, and a scene where he breaks down is probably the only good scene in this respect. One more interesting thing about this film is that the legendary director and sleaze king Joe D'Amato made the cinema. "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" is an inexpensive, crappy movie, but it still has some funny moments. Being a Western Spaghetti enthusiast, I found it fun to watch, but if you are not, do not bother with this movie or just look at it to see Kinski playing a priest. 3/10
