In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began taking photos. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally resumed in a very fast succession. The short comedies had a very small structure and were completely free. As a result, the movies, though popular in their day, were terrible to current standards. Many of them have a strong similarity with home movies that have wrong camera relatives. Many others show that the characters wander in front of the room and do nothing. And, no matter what the result, Keystone sent them straight to theaters. My assumption is that all the movies at this time must have been bad enough because Keystone movies with Chaplin have been successful. Charlie Chaplin, whom we know and love today, began to evolve later in Chaplin's career with Keystone. Until 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay studios, and the films dramatically improved with Chaplin as director. However, sometimes these films were still very harsh and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin, like the cute Little Tramp, is still evolving. In 1916, when he moved to Mutual Studios, his films improved again and he became the most grateful guy - in many of the previous films he was just a bastard (either to get very drunk, to beat up women, fighting battles with innocent people, etc.). Little Tramp's final evolution to classic status took place in the 1920s as a result of his long-lasting films. It's interesting that this movie is called TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE, because the movie takes only 10 minutes! Good. Plan, little if anything, involves Little Tramp in the park. A couple wants to pant, but inexplicably, Charlie insists that he sit down on the couple's body and annoy them. I can not understand why the short is that Charlie wanders in the park that annoys these people and others later in the movie. Maybe he was looking for a third, I do not know. But the movie has no coherence and is not even very funny - even when people start muttering each other and pushing each other into the lake. A typical poor effort before Chaplin begins to give his character a plot and a personality.
