first of all this is worth about 5 stars due to acting (some that would provide me with a better subjective opinion and NOT an objective idea as it should, giving it a well-preserved star), but then I know that these the facts are used for actor S) NAMES to increase the rating of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such productions; another attempt (as "irreducible") of a systematic propaganda feature that promotes government intervention on your rights (how interesting it is that it comes at a time when IPS providers try to "prefere" = CENSOR information, and Americans and Canadians FIGHT THAT at that time). this time does not mean that torrent file transfer is bad (it was meant to remind you of such a feeling whenever you transfer data to the net), but literally trying to create a frustrated sexual population as a whole. SEEMS LIKE FEAR PROMOTION IS THE HOLLYWOOD STORY OF THIS DAY, especially when I come to the thrillers that are the most "on demand" gen film in the last 2 decades or the best seen, the best way to try to influence the society as a whole. such levels of violence are described in these two features of the moral and "ethical" people, which give a new meaning to the "anti-heroes" figures. do not make a mistake, this is not "DEXTER", which was meant to be of high quality entertainment. STOP SALE "FEAR" please, the world would be a better place without her and the dollars made of it. <br /> <br /> The opening scene and generally the first 10 minutes really give an angry image of a Babbage erb that clearly suffers from sexual frustration. the way he deals with the black man is very disturbing if he is not even a racist (certainly a "cliche" at least) (in real life, someone would probably be bully for that, you will see what I mean). the second scene (with the character of Claire Danes present) is even more extreme. at that moment I realized that, in my opinion, Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous individual to the people around. Many people who have seen or will see this movie have never been "young" (in terms of both sexes). In general, the film offers a very criminal case (which, unfortunately, was, is and is will probably happen from time to time, somewhere), but the fingers of all others indirectly, as well as "you could become that", etc. with Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexuality is not something to judge, not to mention "donkeys," a fanatical "hero" here. SAFE sex in its many forms is healthy and not an evil that apparently Richard Gere's character is obsessed on his way to some sexual "crusade." did not I learn anything from the recent scandals involving young priests and boys? or for how long an American adolescent can see extreme violence at "pg-13", but can not even see a mother's breast until "R-18"! (however, the industry targets them with this PERSPECTIVE Sexual Perspective as "American Pie", for example). Put the tests on the kids - a level, but frustrate them and drive them underground, developing fetishes to unhealthy EXTREME! all sexual activities (upon mutual acceptance) integrate individuals better than a "lawful" case that blames their misfortunes and shortcomings in "the lives of others" (a new German film that would be of great help in comparing the two distinct and the world separated on the same subject.) Now, as in that movie, you will probably appreciate the actors to describe the opposite of what should have been. I am very disappointed by Richard Gere, especially after the recent "hunting party", a feature that really shines on a more realistic "hero" (after real facts). But, however, I reminded myself that these people are just actors who are paid to play the political role and social agenda. the "flock" and "unrealizable" 2 heads of the same hidden beings)) just reminds you that if I know someone with similar views on this subject as a whole, like Erroll Babbage, their own safety. I would kill my family sooner, then any chances of 0.00001 by Paul Jerrod in someone's life would be ... I finally recommend this to anyone who thinks negatively here about "evaluating" the film (and "undetectable" actually), so that you probably have thoughts like me. nothing sweeter than a propaganda film shot down in a foot.))))) as soon as they agree with the rating, this is not a feature for teenagers or children; simply because, at best, it would confuse them more than the common "belief" of "money + fame + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. "I'm screaming," and movies as such have at least one defined entertainment value (even if it's a simple one in my opinion). but this is just another "trust in me know what's good for you" profoundly (not so well done I could add) subliminal messages.
