Although THE FLOCK has a pretty good action by veteran Richard Gere and some good shots that could bring some back in the days of LAMBRA HEALTH, the film extends to the credibility of the break point and destroys a plot that does not lead nowhere. The film is about Erroll Babbage (Gere) who works for the safety department and is preparing to retire. His office pushes him in his place, Allison Lowry (Claire Danes, STARDUST), who quickly discovers that Babbage is obsessed with his job. And that job is not really fun. He monitors hundreds of sexual offenders under his jurisdiction. Allison goes to Erroll in numerous conversations to check his "flock" of criminals and finds he desperately needs retirement. But Erroll is good at work, even if his methods are not. He beats sexual predators and even has physical conflicts with them. Erroll justifies his actions by bringing the past to these deviants. This "good justification" causes the audience to a certain level, allowing us to see how brutal Erroll is and how bad he has become (too close to his job). When a teenage girl disappears into Erroll's "area", he immediately concedes that he was kidnapped by one of his flocks. But how could he know? Is Erroll so good at his job? Allison provokes him and Erroll pushes back. Their fights are as fierce as Erroll's need to find this missing girl. Though the setting for the story was fine, he had no urchin! I'm going to give credit to Richard Gere, but who plays Erroll's character very well. Battle of retirement. Worried about everyone close to his flock. Disgusted by those they supervise. Self-disgusting to have to do some things he does. Pretty much a change in the portrait of Gere. But beyond him there is nothing else. Some sets are okay (dark and dangerous), but there are many other issues to be ridiculous. I will be the first to admit that suspending mistrust is a requirement whenever you watch movies. But this suspension has limits. The greatest impetus against these limits is the destruction of extremely vital criminal scenes. Someone as meticulous as Erroll knows that the movement of a body would be a huge no. Or trampling on a crime scene. Or moving evidence. He has overcome and hurt the film all the way. The other side of this film is that we never enter Clair Danes, Allison. Almost fell to the edge of the road at the end of the movie and we are never doubted what her intention might be: will she stay or go? Will Erroll end up if it stays? This is not a terrible movie because it touches a morally uncomfortable motif, but the story as a whole has to be stifled.
