It's so ... you put the DVD and the most professional thing you see in the next ninety minutes is the distribution company's logo. And at this point, you know you've just been slammed around. People are generally trustworthy enough to assume that if anything has been put on DVD, it will be of a certain level - at least financially, if not creative. But unfortunately this is not the case. Distribution companies are very happy to throw together amateur DVDs and send them immediately to the stores to wait for the unauthorized buyer that is fired inside the well designed DVD box. The weight behind this project is most likely a horror independent pioneer Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name may be known among genre fans because he is responsible for various other low-budget werewolf films - "Rage of the Werewolf" "Werewolf Tales" so. <br /> <br /> The Blood of the Werewolf is made up of three short stories of independent werewolves that have no real connection other than dealing with hereditary modeling. The first segment, "Blood Reunion," gives quite a lot of the whole thing ... a man returns to his hometown to look for a girl who has a passion just to find that her dominant grandmother refuses to let her have relationships with men and for reasons that are somehow related to a dark family secret. This tranche is low, badly targeted and virtually nothing superior to the one you could throw along with some friends and a home video camera. The second story, "Old Blood," is probably the most powerful of the three, and is directed by Lindenmuth himself. She tells of a couple of lesbians, one of whom is a shape changer and the other wants to receive this power. Her desire is granted, but she does not become the creature she imagined. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than other filmmakers who have worked on this project, yet it is not enough to raise him above the level of an amateur film. Finally, we have "Manbeast," in which an army type passes through the forest as it is pursued by two other guys. They want to kill him as he was bitten by the beast and is believed to be dangerous, but all may not be as it sounds. It has an interesting concept, but is stretched to be too long and if you do not guess what "twist" is in the first ten minutes then it probably is not too bright. This pretty much sums up the issue with this whole DVD ... some good ideas are not enough to justify spending money on something like this. After all, would you pay for an image you could have painted?
