"Spielberg loves the smell of sentiment in the morning, but the feeling at the expense of narrative honesty, no one has to love that." - Lucius Shepard "Purple Color" takes place in Deep South in the early 1900s and tells about Celie and Nettie, two African-American sisters. The film opens with the girls playing in a field of purple flowers, an idyllic retreat that is instantly shattered by the appearance of their stepfather. This reason? innocence interrupted by men? penetrate the whole movie. The film is then launched into a series of short sequences. Celie is found to have been impregnated twice by her stepfather, giving birth to a dirty barn, taking her newborn baby, and being forced to marry a local widow named Albert Johnson, a violent drunk who violates her repeat, clean and care for your children. All these terrible scenes are given little time on the screen and are surrounded by pixie-dust moments, a symphonic score, an incongruous comedy, and an exuberant work of the room. The cumulative effect is like combining a Disney cartoon and a rape movie, an offensive aesthetic that made Stanley Kubrick noticed that "The Purple Color" made it so bad that he had to stop it in ten minutes. Ten minutes? It took a long time. The film is often said to be "racism," "sexism," and "black culture," but that is not true. Alice Walker, the author of the novel on which the film is based, claims to be bisexual but is actually a lesbian in the closet. Her book is a lesbian fantasy, a story about the liberation and self-discovery of women, which daps men as brutal violent women who stomach women. For Walker, the only way out of this labyrinth is to combine women into a kind of lesbian utopia, black glory, and feminine independence. Spielberg's film reorientates Walker's story through the reassuring American mythologies. This is a film in which the saving power of Christianity overcomes the natural cruelty of men. A film in which Albert finds himself in a variety of ridiculous situations, has inserted stray comedy moments to make him look like a wandering madman. A film where all the characters are derived from racist minstrel shows, the band composed of lecherous men (always shining with evil smiles and cuddly smiles), stereotypical fatty mammals, jazz bands and evangelical choirs. <br /> <br /> This is a movie in which black people are naturally children, easily and happily accepting social conditions. A film in which blacks are overburdened, sensual carnals dominated by violent passions. A film in which the problems of poverty and class are entirely invisible (Albert lives in a huge house) and black men are completely intact. This is not the old South, it is South Old, as it is derived from "Gone With The Wind", MGM Muscals, "Song of the South", Warner Cartoons, "Halleluha!" and banned Disney movies. In other words, it is the South, as seen by a child raised in the 50's television. Everything is so perfect, so racist in how it reduces these human beings to dimensional ethnic stereotypes, that the black novelist Ismael Reed likened it to a Nazi conspiracy. Of course, in the typical Spielberg style, the film ends with the healing of family ties. This reconciliation was in Walker's novel, but Spielberg goes further in the fact that each character in the story reconciles with their relatives. Beyond Walker's hate letter to the black people and the bizarre cartoons of Spielberg's black life, nothing of the black community is shown to us. We have only the vague ideas about how any of these characters live and do not understand how they interact with others in their community. Instead, Spielberg's room jumps, desperately fighting for our attention (one of Celie's kitchen objects seems to belong to a "Home Alone" movie), every emotion played, the director never stops observing anything or allow a bit of life to simply pass. Bring this up with Quincy Jones's "ridiculous white" music, and you have one of the strangest movies in the history of cinema: a furious feminine scene filmed by a white Disney and Griffith-style Jewish, marked by a black man, I'm copying John Williams. <br /> <br /> The problem is also the lack of white characters. Consider this: the men in this film are not portrayed as being brutal among themselves, nor do they dominate women because they are brutalized by a racist society that reduces their men. No, they are cruel by nature. And women, whether they suffer quietly as Celie, or rebellious and painful as her sister, persevere and survive just because people are too stupid to destroy them. A better film would not only focus on the oppression of women as it happens among the oppressed but would have shown it to be an abuse of the society that led to the abuse of her husband that the blackened females are obliged to perform the same tasks as the counterparts (while still fulfilling traditional female roles) and that African-American domestic violence is largely due to economic factors, women unable to rely on themselves and their own children. works here. Then, in the movie, a character tells someone else that since he did not respect his wife, he ended up being beaten and murdered by whites. The implication is that blacks must return to their African roots in order to restore their dignity, and it is their fault that the whites crush them unjustly. that is, - Respect one another in your poor minority community and you will not be embarrassed by the dominant white culture. <br /> <br /> 3/10 - Failing to face sex and lesbianism, inappropriate musical numbers, countless sequences loaded with foreign visual pizzas, incongruent comic business, clues of emphatic music, and excited emotion all contribute to "Color Purple "worthless.
