First of all, I'd like to say I love the "Ladies Man" sketch on SNL. I always laugh loudly at Tim Meadows's portrait of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a lengthy movie. Seeing Leon perform his show and make obscene observations to his listeners and come up with all sorts of segments for his show, such as "Ladies Man Presents ..." reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ... "is absolutely hilarious. There is a great episode in which Monica Lewinski plays it as Cameron Diaz, and Leon interprets Bill and calls it the "Oral Office." See, that's funny! <br /> <br /> In the movie, we do not see Leon in the show too often. In fact, he is kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his search for true love, involving a mystery letter that has escaped to his houseboat signed by Sweet Thing. Karyn Parsons, who is famous for Hillary's role on Fresh Prince of Bel Air, works with him on the show and has a secret passion for Leon. The film is piled up in a boring subplot after another. And the throats are boring. The first time we see Leon we mention the word "wang" is quite funny. When he uses it a number of times, he is supposed to try to laugh, the joke is drying up. The majority of the jokes she uses in the movie are the jokes I've heard earlier, and I've done better on the SNL sketch, and I've been playing mercilessly for an hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to introduce a musical number of Will Ferrell and a band of ladies killers who all want to destroy it because their wives had an affair with him to bring a life in this mindless comedy. Ferrell has some fun moments and tries to do the best from a non-functional role. Ferrell has just that comic tale and is funny to almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a cameo. Looking at it, you can not ask yourself "What the fuck is an Oscar-winning actress in this movie?" Her name was not mentioned in the opening credits - perhaps through her consent. And, of course, a film of this theme must include Master of Love himself, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is charismatic as always, but even he can not breathe enough life in this movie. I also have to add that the soundtrack is full of light R & B blows, which even more affects the movie, giving it a horrible tone - as if the script is not boring enough. I mean, that's supposed to be a comedy. The soundtrack would have been suitable for something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "Ladies" has only sporadic laughs. There are exceptions where SNL can produce an extraordinary film from a short outline. Watch both "Wayne's World" movies and see how it is done. But this film, like the adaptation of Mary Catherine Gallagher's character to the "Superstar" screen, shows the flip side. Some sketches are meant to be mentioned on the SNL and not on the silver screen. My score: 3 (out of 10)
