This classic 1997 film-blanc story about angry passion has reached its legendary status, well-deserved, as one of the biggest screens, a desperate and hopeless love. The ubiquitous, continuous and progressive magnetism between Judge Reinhold and what he calls it will surely establish a butterfly ring of a spectator's heart with memories of his own roasting. The brilliant scenario makes this embryonic adventure in front of the encouraged audience, seated transfixed as an almost-expressionist, deeply focused, deep-seated cinema, concentrating on the underground desires that move between the principals. You can cut off your sexual tension with a dull iron. A small drop of sweat at the end of the nose captures the sunshine and leaves no doubt about its meaning. Scenes like that abound and carry the marks again and again. As in the case of "Jane Eyre" and "Rebecca" (which so often compares this masterpiece), the closeness of actors' faces, as they face the slow walk of great love - which is not, will haunt you forever . <br /> <br /> The classical sound score now, with a creative and unique use of the soloist synthesizer, highlights the excitement that leaks along a lump carter. If I had criticism at all, mentioning what I consider a minor flaw (and I dared to risk the laughter of millions of fans who hold this classic so expensive for their hearts), I would say that the distinctive sign of the "Runaway Car" tension - is ruptured shortly by the highway scene, which, after repeated views, seems a little longer (and perhaps even useless?) to the eternal and sweet love story interrupted. perceives the smallest flaws in this critical triumph of modern cinema? Citizen Kane had Rosebud. . . "Runaway Car" should also have the keyword. Perhaps the film could have opened in an extreme moment by Judge Reinhold, saying something like "A machine is an extension of its owner," and the rest of the story could then be devoted to analyzing each syllable, subtleties and nuances of that phrases. If this line of plot had been made, this film could have surpassed the "Titanic" at Golden Globes that year, I'm convinced. My only regret? That I did not read the novel first.
