After watching many of the Star Next Action Star, eps TiVo recorded for me this strange gaf. For a bizarre reason - and I just blame myself - I looked at everything, hoping there would be * something * unique in the whole movie. After being so pleased with Joel Silver's "Midas Touch" action action, he might want to make sure his alchemy crowns. First of all, Billy Zane's only recovering value of the entire movie was, even he could not lift the blip of the crapper. That being said, Zane's performance was disturbed about two-thirds of the way, because he does not even seem to know what else he should do but show smuggling. <br /> <br /> I can not blame him here, though. The writing, frankly, was sucked. Let's get ideas from "Rat Race", "Enemy of the State", "Terminator", "Midnight Escape" and any bad gaming movie that you can think of and just recite. And what is the brilliant idea was to have two tracking sequences in a ROW? Sean Carrigan, the "watchman" of "The Next Action Star," shows all the strengths and weaknesses of casting executives mention throughout the series. A johnny with a single note, Sean plays a good john well, but he struggles to inflate the weight of the movie. Quite frankly, we never seem to care if he lives or dies halfway, because Carrigan fails to give a reason for the audience to like him. His bad but lucky routine becomes old, because there is nothing about the root character. But Carrigan is a dream compared to Corinne Van Ryck de Groot, rigid wood. Howard Fine really told him to claim he was a Terminator for the first half of the movie? I do not think. I was expecting him to quote Arnie. Her "performance" character can only be compared to the dramatic depths of "Freddy Got Fingered," although it is not as well developed. The camera loves him in dark and shady limousines, but in the harsh daylight, her behavior sucks all the energy on the screen. Jeanne Bauer showed a more natural life in her five-minute part than Corinne showed at any moment of her screen. Eventually, Sean has a good robust look to offer a good edge in an overall cast, but he should not have been left to make it a solo. It was simply too much a burden for him. "Next Action Star" colleague, Jared Elliot, may or may not have been more fortunate with a more dynamic characterization, but it's hard to say when writing Jeff Welch Lame. Someone should remove the Welch from the iMac before he or anybody hurts himself. And finally, Van Ryck de Groot was simply overcome and far from reaching it, even for such a shlock. <br /> <br /> Joel Silver should be ashamed.
