Many of the main characters in Hideo Gosha's 1969 film Hitokiri (killer, also known as Tenchu ​​- the punishment of the sky) were real historical figures (in the Western-style order): Ryoma Sakamoto, Hampeita Takechi, Shimbei Tanaka, Izo Okada, ____ Anenokoji. "Hitokiri," a historical term, refers to a group of four super-swordsmen who carried out numerous assassinations of key figures in the Tokugawa Shogunate decision in the mid-1800s under Takechi, the leader of the "loyalist" (ie ultra-nationalist , pro-emperor) of the Tosa clan. What was this fight about? Sad to say, you will not find yourself in this movie. "Brilliant Lesson History", indeed! <br /> <br /> No, Gosha is more interested in showing you bloody slices usually and the dice and (in absurd length) the inner torment of the not very bright killer Izo Okada than in revealing history current. Sakamoto, for example, was someone of historical significance, considered to be the father of the imperial Japanese navy. The closest Gosha comes to offer a lesson of history is the scene in which Sakamoto, which Takechi considers a traitor to the monarchist cause, comes to Takechi's mansion to try to ideologically bind him. He begins to talk about the international political situation, with foreign warships in the ports of Japan and Japan too military to defend themselves against them. Want to learn more? Sorry. Gosha cuts off this potentially fascinating lecture in the middle of the sentence (!). So much to inform his audience about a turning point in Japanese history. The film left me in total confusion about the goals of the two sides in this struggle. For two centuries, the chogon had central power in Japan, it was an institution dedicated to preventing social change, preserving the feudal relations of society. He was afraid of the external contamination, both ideological and technological. According to this spirit, he outlawed the firearms, those "leveling" instruments in Europe and America, with which a peasant could have risen to a samurai. Throughout this period, the emperor was nothing more than a spiritual figure. But in the cities, which were in neutral areas between feudal feuds, a new class of merchants, owners and craftsmen was developing. - - the class known in Europe by its French name, the bourgeoisie. Inevitably, as the new class gained power, it opposed many limitations of feudal society. As in Europe, the King (the Emperor) became the central figure in the bourgeois struggle for power against the feudal aristocracy. But a political leadership does not always fully understand the interests of the class they serve. When the outside world arrived with a bang in 1853 as Admiral Perry's "black ships", "the dominant elite of Japan was thrown into a crisis." Their army did not fit these strangers, they also heard of the disaster which British and French imperialists did in China What should Japan do to save the fate of its poor neighbor? Surprisingly, some elements of the isolated Shogunate were usually inclined to open up trade with foreigners to a part of their advanced technology. This is the point of view (only barely) of Sakamoto's film, but the divided divine ultra-nationalists, represented by Takechi, believed that they could hold strangers with force if they could prevent the other party from "selling the country." (The familiar sound?) Thus, the assassination of the Shogunate key figures is in order - and we will go a long way. for me, the biggest puzzle of the movie. Gosha suggests that he is fighting for personal advancement rather than Loyalist cause. Can we take this to represent the tenor of the Loyalists as a whole? (Do you care?) Several reviewers compared this favorable film to "Goyokin," which Gosha did in the same year. But if "Goyokin" is a crack, suspense, adventure, with a hero worthy of sympathy, "Hitokiri" is cumbersome, not nearly as convincing, and lacks such a hero. Sakamoto could have been the hero of this film, but we are not allowed to know him - and what he represents - well enough for him to get this status. Given his wonderful scores for Kurosawa's five previous films, Masaru Sato's score here was very disappointing, sounding something rejected in a "Bonanza" episode. <br /> <br /> Barry Freed
