This is. This is one. This is the worst movie ever made. Ever. Beats everything. I've never seen anything worse. He relinquished the trophy and gave it to these people ..... there is no comparison. Even three days after seeing this (for some reason, I still do not know why) I can not believe how horrible this movie is / was. It's so bad. So far, from anything that might be considered a movie, a story, or anything else that should have been created and brought into existence. This made me wonder if people are on this earth doing good or not. It made me feel disgusted by ourselves and our progress as a species in this universe. This kind of movie makes us sick as a society. We should be ashamed. I can not stress that our global responsibility as people living here and creating art is that we must prevent creating these gross distortions of our reality for our own sake. It is an embarrassment. I do not know how on earth any of these actors, writers or director of this movie is sleeping at night knowing they had a role in making Loaded. I do not know what disgusting monsters are enjoying watching these types of movies. That said, I like a good "bad" movie. I like Shark Attack 3, I like Bad Taste, I'm HILARIOUS. I tell all my friends to see them because they are "bad". But ... ... this crosses the "bad" line into a new dimension. This is uncomfortable bad. This is the evil in which you know everything that will happen, every line, each action, every death, every sequence before it happens; and not just a second or two before, I mean, after seeing the first 5 minutes before. Every "cheesy" editing effect is often shamelessly used up to a bad point. I do not want to see the camera's "faded" effect, the "earthquake" or the cuts or cuts, or some kind of FANCY CUT EVER once again. This is meticulously boring, repetitive and simply audience tortures. But ....... and let me be specific here, the most DISTURBING thing about this film is that, given the production, it seems that a fairly decent amount has actually been put into this excrement. I personally will take the director's shoulders if I ever see him and shake him in obedience, asking him to run home and swallow two gallons of Drain-O or I'll do it for him. <br /> <br /> If we ever need a new form of inhuman torture for our foreign prisoners of war, continue showing them in a lined cell again and again. Believe me, I think they will become more extravagant with suicidal methods after 72 years of meeting through it. Stop these movies, they are just the weirdest of all facets of our society. Please. Stop. NOW.
