(48 out of 278 people considered this useful and counting commentary ...) People are so deaf to the picture and appearance - and to the empty intellectual idealism behind the communism. Che's charisma and appearance have just as much to do with his iconic stature as misinformation that has been spread by left-wing propaganda (like this movie) about him <br /> <br /> I do not know what's worse :. be captured by one of Che's murder squads or staying in 4 hours of typical Soderberghian garbage. The question is not the reason why this pet project was made, but what took so long. By "them," I mean, of course, to Hollywood's left and its "secret" love to Marxist tyrants (Lenin, Castro ... take your choice). I'm fascinated that it took decades for one of Tinseltown's less talented liberal directors to eventually take such an irrepressible biased propaganda project. Where was Oliver Stone all these years? Robert Redford? Tim Robbins? Warren Beatty? Alan Pakula? George Clooney? Barbra Streisand even? It's a mystery. All of these overpriced "artists" often have similar complaints, unilateral political projects, yet somehow Che Guevara, who is probably the most popular and well-known communist, was not a subject of their film yet. <Br /> <br /> "Guerrilla" has all the distinctive signs of a confident American story of an epic scale; there are so many details actually found here, as in other similar bios like "Malcolm X" or "Gandhi", for example almost none. The film calls Del Toro the famous Argentinian revolutionary. However, no matter how controversial and murderous the actions of man were, something that no one could take from him: he was a smart manipulator coming from a rich family - that's why Del Toro fits only with the vision. Del Toro might be an interesting, charismatic actor, and he may physically resemble Guevara, but he does not at all exude intellectual qualities, which makes Guevara disappear too primitive. Casting mediocrity, such as Bratt, Philips and Franka Incompetente emphasizes only the lack of sound judgment of the director. <br /> <br /> The film is mostly extremely slow (no surprise there), and visually uninteresting. Even an as brilliant director as Kubrick would have thought carefully releasing a movie that goes beyond the 3-hour mark, so it's enough to say that this Soderbergh, who has made only one or two solid films and the beginning of his career, would believe that the Ocean's Greatness was to its full extent. If you think the length of the movie indicates that much of Che's life has been shown here - then think again. Soderbergh focuses on Che's last phase, and a lot of movies are tiring nonsense of the jungle, full of Guevara's supposed idealism. (Psychopaths have no ideals.) I wonder what kind of mind this highly respected director must have to choose to actually ignore some of Che's previous life. In fact, he considered it too uninteresting? A massacre of 600 people has no interest in the spectator, huh? Amazing. Some directors much better than this over-appreciated charlatan would easily fit not one but two full biographies in a 4-hour film. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh, in a sense, becomes an accomplice by addressing not the negative side, Guevara's dark side - which is more than 90%. By spreading this kind of historical inaccuracy, consciously ignoring the ugly truth (God forbids he should stain Che's holy image), Soderbergh proves to be not a humanist - a false image that most Hollywood musical personalities and they fight very hard all their careers support - but the opposite: that only cares about ideas, never the people who are tested these ideas (like guinea pigs). Soderbergh and others are elitists of the worst kind; such people often have a latent contempt for "proletariat" (which is a stupid term) that they are supposed to join. Half of all students around the world wear Che's image on their red and orange shirts, but without knowing why. He has become an iconic figure for those blatant, uninformed, often young, who think that by having the man's face on his chest makes them appear "intellectual", hip, or interesting. In fact, wearing a Che shirt emphasizes only general walking and total disinterest in self-education. (Do not you want to know more about a person before you start publishing your face to the world?) Che's picture is now as common as a Bart Simpson coffee mug. All those Che-wearers probably know more about Marge's blue hair than ever read about Fidel Castro's dead ally. After doing everything in the name of Marx, he would think these "ideals" would finally be resting. It seems that mankind will never learn. Stalin, Mao, Kim Il, Pol Pot, Castro, Milosevic, Ceausescu, Iron Curtain, a hundred million deaths, over a billion physically and / or mentally ruined by this system ... so nothing matters? The fact that Del Toro won a Cannes prize should only surprise those who are absolutely clueless about how Cannes works and other European festivals - and vote. Hint: Sean Penn has led a jury not long ago. <br /> <br /> For my music, visit: http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/Fedor8/
