The first part, Che in Cuba, is about that part of his life. It contains too many battles that can not be distinguished, and Che deals with too many injured individuals (remember Che was a doctor). It ends as Castro wins the revolution; He never gets to Havana. The second part, Che in Bolivia, is about guessing what. It contains too many battles that can not be distinguished and Che works for too many injured who can not be distinguished. When I realized it was supposed to be an "epic" (I did not know anything but the title before I started) I was naturally thinking of David Lawan's biggest epic, Lawrence of Arabia. More than that. Later, not to be a racist, but apart from what I have already mentioned, there are too many characters who are, well-known, unknown Hispanic actors who look alike, since they all wore "Che" boats and all they wore che fatigues. This has the result that the spectator can not identify with anybody other than Che, Benicio del Toro (even Fidel has a minor role). While del Toro is amazing, think about "Lawrence" with Peter O'Toole as the only personality discernment: not Alec Guinness, Omar Sharif, or Anthony Quinn, etc. You had the idea. other characters are interchangeable, resulting in a loss of reference. When Che's top classmates were killed, you do not feel any remorse since you do not know who I am. Even when Che is murdered (I do not think he is a spoiler), there is no empathy from the public - he was killed. It is too unidimensional to be associated with the human being. Apart from being revolutionary and second only to Jesus in moral reputation, the only thing we learn about Che is that he is married to five children (tells another character near the end). What was his motivation? A complete enigma. Maybe Soderbergh appears intentionally Lean. Like Che Soderbergh, Lean never tells us anything about Lawrence, the mystery man of Arabia. But at least Lawrence had a friend (Sharif) and associates (Guinness, Quinn). He was just as brave as he was uncertain - that he had human qualities. It's like a car, about as warm as the Terminator. Earlier this year there was another war epic, Mongol. It makes the Mongol look like a wonderful life.
