I use the video review of Joe Bob Briggs's legendary We Are The Weird newsletter. I saw a lot of scratches, but this was the worst, and the years were not good - it's the most common crime against the cinema that I've ever seen. Do not get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is technically more competent than, for example, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or GUY FROM HARLEM or something like that. What solidifies my claim as the worst film of all time for me is its unique blend of naked competence with cryppling claim. Is it a comment in Vietnam? An ecological protest? An Incitement to the Revolt? A study of man's inhumanity to man? A Romanian exercise in "padding nature" materials from the (near) length of the features? In short, a young urban professional (perhaps the most impressive character on the screen) ever seduces an Asian-American nubile partner camping in the woods with him. After banging it with the quasi-philosophical flap for more than an hour, they meet two lost veterans, unforgettable Jarvis (a righteous brother) and Troubadour (rejected by the Manson family). Hey, a turn of plot! Voltage! Action! Suspense! Well, no, just a climatic scene of being confined in-a-improvised coop-and-light-low wire. The victim in question keeps looking at the captors and muttering: "No ... no ... please ... no ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis addresses Troubadour as "Trouby" every two minutes, bringing him in mind nothing more than the alien star of POD PEOPLE's Juan Picquer. It's all about what's happening in CAGED TERROR, and such a synopsis seems to be almost tolerable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this has remained, for the last eight years since I saw it for the first time, absolutely worse. (I grab it in the old VCR once every two years to calm myself, and I'm sure of it.) I think the element that makes it so ugly on the TERROR TAG is: it happens very little and the happening is quite happening stupid and slow enough, what makes it compulsively indescribable is the suffocating sense that filmmakers REAL, ONLY want to push a kind of message on the neck. But because CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and inefficient, what was meant as a civic lesson becomes an accident course in intense discomfort of visualization. This film has a length of 75 minutes and feels like three and a half hours. It's terrible, really terrible. People, believe me, I have seen GHOSTS THAT WALK yet and this is worse. Go see! You'll thank me. And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite line: "Yes, you probably think Solomon's Song was an allegory of Christ's love for the church ..." (NOTE: It must be delivered in a concert concert tone.)
