Please humor if you want, for a minute while I read you behind the ALLEY CAT VHS cassette. It is said that: <br /> <br /> In this part of the city each street is a dead end at every corner to buy - in each alley another way to die - To survive you must be the most good - just like Alley Cat. Alley Cat - This lady holds the night. On the streets where even the predators become victims, they know how to survive - Pull it and you were lucky. Alley Cat - This animal is awake. Now is not one of the most pathetic blurbes you've ever heard in your life? Someone who wrote this must be crazy if they thought such a terrible description might leave us trying to watch the video. However, unfortunately, according to the individual without a chip was responsible for the tragic use of English doing the job too well. The film contained in the small plastic case is as bad as it seems, and then some. <br /> <br /> Karin Mani plays the leading role, and the script tells practically during each stage given either a) pout like a goldfish b) butt kick male or c) Show off her femininity "attributes". There are no complaints about the latter, but about the other two ... let's just say she is not a big actress and she is even less convincing than a martial artist. But even Meryl Streep with Cynthia Rothrock's body (which would be a frightening thought) could not save this movie. Conducting plot is boring beyond belief because we have a battle sequence directed by quite improperly, putting us just pause for shenaniganii hysterical from the courtroom and occasional gag love scene with interesting name called Robert Torti. Camera The paper also follows a similar way of shame, with far too many that no need for close-ups and abnormal continuity errors. <br /> <br /> The part that I think really sums up the trash bucket of movie up is where our heroine is sexually assaulted and is in a witness before a corrupt judge, while the rapist her wealthy pupil is heading for her out of the box. Not only did he take free offense despite the overwhelming evidence against him, but he himself is then closed because he dared to protest against the verdict in the face of honor. Behind bars, she then shower group, a lesbian passion, a couple of cat fights and a nice, sweaty volleyball, before being released on bail to continue her struggle. This ten-minute section has nothing to do with the rest of the movie, and the script stops to include it. I can only imagine that the producers wanted to add a little more T & A of the mix and came with this unnecessary subchapter as a means to achieve this goal. What kind of question is it? this exploitative movie or a serious drama? Nor is it ... my answer is not quite loose or camp enough to attract fans Troma film style and certainly no qualifications as an exploration of a woman's struggle against the system ... simply that it is so terrible. So who would want to see the earth? Lunatics, I think ... or IMDb commentators standing by 15 o'clock and looking at any old garbage on the box while trying to sleep. Unfortunately on this occasion I failed and the horrors will stay with me for some time. Do not make the same mistake that I did. You have hot milk or something like 1/10
