I see some positive reviews on this forum, trying to revive this movie from its blurred state and start a next worship. I see the usual show - "I think this movie is not just for the offended ones," "This film is not Shakespeare," etc. Guess what? It was not even "Road Trip"! And I laughed at her during the movie! There is a way to make a brutal comedy, tasteless and laugh; and there is a way to ... make it brutal and tasteless. "Whipped" tries to be "Swingers" without spirit or intelligence. Apparently it was written through the eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this film should be a white collar, citizens standing upright - and talking like idiots we knew in high school years! The dialogue is linked - more than drowned - with four-letter words. You would think that people in their status would have a degree of intelligence - and a wider vocabulary. Just watch a Whit Stillman movie and you will see the difference. Not to mention that the dialogue seems completely unrealistic and perfect. If you know successful white-collar business people who speak like the characters in this movie - please let me know and present to me. Their sexually embarrassing banter is equivalent to that of standard locker rooms, among adolescents who have reached puberty. There is absolutely no understanding in relationships, sex or ... nothing! It's just a bad excuse to show an extreme range - and do not take the word "extreme" by yourself, because I want to say with all my heart - cruel gags. These are gangs without substance. Gags that are meant for groans rather than laughs. The scene between Amanda Peet and her friends was totally unclear and completely unconvincing. There are some films involving the interaction between women that have been written by men (righteous) and play awesome. This scene involves a barrage of metaphors and sexual gestures. It involves a kind of dialogue that you can never imagine you leave a woman's mouth. It was one of those remarkable scenes of a guy. I did not think for a moment. <br /> <br /> "Beaten" is a sick male fantasy that is so much paid as it is annoying. We received (very) few laughs in this totally forgetting comedy, and these were probably the result of despair. When you do not laugh for a long time, you look desperately for humor in the most trivial things. So I would not mark this as positive.
