I was looking forward to see Amanda Peet in another good role after I recently rented "The Whole Nine Yards" - it was easy to rent, but that was not. that the trailer for the "Whipped" was somewhat amusing, and the plot about three oversexed New Yorker, twenty-one years old, all falling and manipulated by the cute Mrs. Peet deserves a shot. So I convinced two friends one afternoon to come see the movie with me. This review is my penalty. In the first act we have the three leaders, telling their conquests for dinner. What should have been funny or, at least, say, is pretty pathetic. Is there a quality of redemption about the three men and about the meetings we were supposed to get out of this? And while I do not mind the movies that are cheerfully vulgar, I was still wondering why no one was in the dinner party when the students spoke loudly about sexual and scatological details. Do I do this every week at the same restaurant? You would think someone would complain. Wait, I forgot: two more tables do not notice in one scene. But this is just a setup for a punchline. Everyone else in the dinner are deaf.] The second act has three pins falling Mia and then developing brain rot, without asking each other or what really happens between the four. And I asked myself, as the sticks continue to behave as if they were, what qualities of redemption she sees in them to stay with them more than once? It begins with rot? I hoped that his character Eric friend married, become something more than merely annoying bag in this act. Its role is to give up clearly the advice of marriage. But why does he even bother to talk to him when they do not talk to each other? And his advice? Sheeesh! The third action solves what plot there is, but this time I looked at my watch. My friends told me they were still waiting for something really funny and I had to agree. The scene that explains everything was adequate and was able to explain all questions and mysterious bits of dialogue throughout the film, but I just checked a list. ( "Oh, well, that took place this Brad and Jonathan says this and ...") What I did laugh at the stupidity of the plot than any fun. Even the outflows during the credits were not very funny. Finally, I was left with nothing but the desire to warn people about this movie. Rating: 3
