It is unlikely that anyone, except those who love silent films, will appreciate any of the lyrical works of the cameras and the busy (but stunted) background that accompanies this version of 1933. Although the sound went into general use in 1928, no more than 50 words are spoken to tell the story of an unhappy married woman who deserts her husband for a younger man after a romantic interlude in the woods. /> The most vividly photographed scene has a jealous husband who gives the young man a lift for a city trip, continuing to lead normally until he realizes that the husband is his wife's lover. In a frenzy of jealousy, it leads at maximum speed to a passage of the railroad, but changes its mind at the last moment, losing its nerve. It is probably the most tension-filled scene in the story otherwise than slowly-moving and evocative. HEDY LAMARR has some kind of close treatment she left Marlene Dietrich of her discoverer, but her beauty has not yet been refined by cosmetics like when she was transported to Hollywood. Her performance is mostly sad and moral, while she loses her marriage with just smiles when she finds true love (ARIBERT MOG), the handsome young man who recovers her clothes after a nude. > <br /> The swimming scene is very short, discreetly photographed and does not deserve all the heat generated by it. The scene of love, later, is also photographed with art with a kind of obvious lyrical photography throughout the artistic film. More is left to imagination with the use of symbolism - and this is a kind of thing that others proclaim is a kind of lyrical masterpiece. It's not like that. She is disappointing, brutal primitive in her sounds (including labored symphonic music in the background), and surely Miss Lamarr is lucky that Louis B. Mayer saw the movie and based on her, she gave her a Hollywood career. She probably saw something in her work that I did not do. Obviously it was conceived as a silent film, the room doing all the work. The "working" stage of the work takes too long and is a difficult intrusion in which nothing is needed. It fails to end the movie on the appropriate note.
