Although it is early to say how the series will evolve, I can say that the pilot was smaller than I thought it would be. However, there is still potential for the series. Of course, when I first saw Voyager, I thought he had the potential - but he was very disappointed. My heart told me that Enterprise will not be as bad as Voyager, however. As for the pilot's impressions ... The pilot had some good ideas and good themes. I liked the introduction. The opening credits of the show were interesting, with the progress of exploration and thematic song. Scott Bakula is excellent as a captain. If I fell short it was largely the fact that the story lacked "feel" to settle on a great adventure. The story of the episode itself was more of a "generic" story about Trek with the themes of "exploration" and "the first step to space" just subterranean and subtext. You could edit the references to this, being the first deep space mission, the plot would be hard to differentiate between Enterprise, TOS or TNG epochs. The central plot does not reflect or justify the big theme of the series. The plot to launch the first mission would have been quite large without "action". Instead of isolated references to the new explorer, it could have been the story. Get a little more nostalgic and philosophical about it (oh, for a show that will make us think again). Make us feel the enthusiasm of the "wind" and be "big" instead of having fun with a rescue and a lot of blows. It was not too much a shot. I had more feeling that people were "fresh" in an established school. New kids on the block as opposed to venturing into an unknown universe. Unfortunately, the Klingons landed on our doors instead of finding them. This meeting could have been more historic and much more sociological. Just how do two such different companies interact? Do not just suggest this, show them! I had to think more about this "Trek with an accredited crew and limited technology," as opposed to "the first courageous steps in the unknown." I wanted to see something newer and more fresh. The series promises to have a new concept, but so far we have not seen this great new concept. I will conclude by reaffirming the feeling that the series has a potential. There are some interesting characters. Bakula is wonderful. Blalock has potential. The general theme is most interesting since I first saw Kirk in a world before Apollo 11. If only future episodes can do justice to this great and wonderful theme, we will have a show that will create new legends. /> Draw an arrow in the air ... Good luck Capt. Archer. For Producers: RISK HIGHLIGHTS AND MAKE US * THINK *! :-)
