Being a student of music, I thought that a movie that takes place in a conservatory could be fun to watch. Little did I know ... (I did not have the idea that this movie is based on a book by Britney Spears) This movie was implausible around the world. It is obvious that whoever wrote the script never put his foot in a conservative and knows nothing about classical music. Allow me to give you just a few examples: 1) There is no word, anyone would admit to a classic conservative without any classical training! Having just a voice full of music is not enough, otherwise, something else is - another kind, a different technique. It's like playing violin when you apply for a violin class. 2) How was the theory of music teaching the lady in the jury of weighing? If she had not been the only singer teacher, she would not have had a word in this situation, and if she had been a singing teacher, why did not I say that to her? 3) Being able to read music is a must if you are great at music. 4) How did Angela catch this video tape? That would be kept confidential, just for the eyes of the jury. Now either she got the band from one of the teachers, or script writers had no clue. I wonder ... 5) The singing professor gave Holly the singer Carmen saying that "she has the line", which obviously is NOT. Yes, she managed to sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while Holly's voice seems to be much easier in stamps, not at all compatible with that song. 6) Worst of all: not only does the film have a shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music but does not even try to hide it. The area that Angela sings is mutilated beyond recognition, a fact that is painful for the recital, where it is shamefully cut - Mozart will roll into the grave. Habanera from Carmen sounded a little strange and the way it was rearranged in the end shows how little the producers think of classical music - it's stiff and boring, but hey, add some drums and electric guitars and it's close to as good as Britney Spears! I know that all these are minor details, but it would have been easy to avoid them with a little research. Anyway, I might have chosen to suspend my unbelief if the characters and the plot would be well elaborated. But without that, I really can not find redeeming qualities in this movie except one: it's good for a laugh.
