Here we are: two travelers from a distant futuristic world arrive on the earth ... one is in a desperate mission to keep a life, another is a humane killing machine determined to eliminate the woman who will give birth to the savior of a whole races <br /> <br /> So what could we call this killing machine? It's like a sort of destroyer or eradicator ... just like an exterminator or something like that. What are the words I'm looking for ... something that ends up? Hmmmm .... Anyway, the protector (who quickly makes a white tunic she stole from Luke Skywalker in favor of local clothing) finds the first young woman and impregnates her with a future-born hero to be. Bad ... uhhhh ... the "exterminator" kills some redhead and steals his arms and clothes, then tries to locate the woman by visiting her workplace and wondering around, looking threateningly in the eyes of men and repeating her name threateningly. /> Then a desperate survival flight begins, while the "exterminator", apparently dead and unstoppable, follows the couple in the country. At one point he can buy boots and a motorcycle, but I'm not sure. Perhaps, in a captivating end, he will try to crush them under the wheels of a huge tanker truck. .. acid. Then the truck will collapse. They will be saved ... but not! He will reappear, as strong as ever. He will kill the protector and watch the girl in a meat packing facility where, in a terrible terrible, he is pushed into a large piece of industrial chopping machinery and destroyed once and for all. Extrapolate too much ... after all, I stopped watching this movie, after Mr. Protector impregnated Magic Sean Young, kissing at a bar, then telling him that the baby will be born in 3 days. <br /> <br /> The costumes and effects are great in this movie ... I loved the first time I saw Star Trek: Next Generation! Sean Young makes another great tower as a unemotive Replicant, and the sweating career Stephen Baldwin is also aboard Young's Fat Cop Boy. I'm not sure where it fits in the plot, though ... maybe it's an import from another James Cameron movie?
