Unlike others, I refuse to call this delusional excuse for a movie, a triumph of style on the substance (I do not want to give the style a bad name). However, it is the most appropriate description that comes to mind. An unnecessary, unpleasant and ultimately meaningless attack on the eyes and ears, "Wonderland" lets someone wonder just why the movie was made in the first place and which, in their right mind, gave green light to this mischievous and confusing mess. A biography of porn star John Holmes? A study of who was the man, why did he enter into the business and how did he affect them? That's great. Tied to being convincing, bound to be fun. Tied to being enlightened and fascinating on a million levels (and I have zero interest in pornography). But a confusing, violent, Rashomon-style study of a series of murders Holmes has linked to his career has ended? Who cares about hell? What insights do we gain? This film completely ignores John Holmes' most interesting aspect of life - that he was a porn star! "Wonderland" may have been about anyone: the fact that the main character is the most famous adult male star in history is almost irrelevant. To make things a thousand times worse, the image is loaded with jerkoff tricks - enormous machine gun editing, Dogme-95 camera work, unnecessary graphics and animation, etc. In the absence of a convincing storyline and a unique principal character, the director (and I use the free term) cast together a dozen techniques from other films and decided to call the misery that resulted from a movie among them: the trendy, by-pass of "Narc" or "Traffic" or "Report on minorities"; the French style, often incomprehensible, throwing the "Born Killers" or "28 days later" into the air; the "Goodfellas" or "Blow" soundtrack, which was completed at every moment of silence, with an old song-to-evocation-period; groovy, retro sequence the title of "Velvet Goldmine" or "Autofocus" or "Catch me if you can." The list goes on and on. Pathetic. I wanted to like this movie. We had real hopes for that. "Wonderland Avenue" has been around for years; if the crime scene was emphasized rather than the crimes per se, I think it could have worked. If the assassinations (and the growing involvement of Holmes with the L.A. types) marked the end of a career or the late 1970s, I think the movie might have made sense; could serve a purpose. As it is - meaningless. No Sens. Who cares how many perspectives exist in a series of crimes that are generally unknown to the public? The case is not quite famous to deserve such painful examination. This film should have been the third act of John Holmes' story. That's it. Period. And it could have worked. What is that? Well, they did not mean to say a traditional growing and falling story. They did not want to do "Boogie Nights" or "Goodfellas" or "Star 80" or "Autofocus". They wanted their movie to be different. Correct? Well, in a sense, they did. There is a big difference between these films and "Wonderland". The difference is that the movies are good. <br /> <br />
