I was excited to hear that they finally made this terrible event in a movie. The whole era (Southern California since 1980) and the subject (drug and porn industry) is interesting to me. I thought that would be a real shot of fire. I was not delighted with the choice of Kilmer as Holmes, they do not look like each other physically or manually. I think he sells tickets? However, I was willing to ignore this and give it a fair shot. I was a little shocked that on that first day of presentation there were just four other people in the whole theater. Now, the whole crime and story in the movie is hard to do, I will recognize this. There have been no witnesses to this violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he talked to the police about it. In fact, Holmes has never really confessed about what happened and the crime has remained unresolved. So it was still a big mystery, a mystery that this movie does nothing to shed light on. The person who wrote the script had a lot of discretion and most of the main characters died. However, there is no real story, it is fragmented. The scenario is bright, and actors are trying hard to consolidate thin lines of paper by overtaking. The film does not give any insight into Holmes or other people involved. Kilmer's character disappears for long stretches, his girlfriend is boring, police are joking. Even Kudrow hardly tries to make a foolish look to look a lot. It's a very shallow piece and I dare say, boring. The director even tries to turn it into a love story. What's nice, if you know nothing about what really was a piece of trash John Holmes. Perhaps there could have been a few views of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" here. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and interesting from all points of view. This film, on the other hand, was flat and without real charm or style. Even the music does not take place, Duran Duran being played in a scene that was supposed to take place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? It could have been a great movie based on this terrible event, but I have not seen it yet. I have not even seen a decent person (unless you think of the Rahad Jackson scene at Boogie Nights).
