Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original film Ju-On The Grudge. While I have not seen this movie, I should bet that there is more imagination and originality (or a certain originality, in other words, the familiarity with known tropes of the Japanese ghost film) than in his directed remake. Perhaps the script was written to have a sort of reversed appeal, or I would guess accessibility for an American audience. What begins with a potential - the hint of a very bad thing that happens with Bill Pullman's sudden move - goes only to a total mess. And like a horror film? Find a break. The tension could have been built on the situation - a nurse who will take care of a disturbed woman in a haunted house - but undermines everything she wants to make her feel. Frightened? How to make a certain music so that you know when to expect something. A black cat? Yes, why not just make the ghost thing sound like a cat for anger, which is actually just creepy if you want cats. Plot? Why not just blending past and present without feeling a reality of how a story can be said (ie, while flashbacks are introduced and are meant to be organic with the whole story, they are not) While the characters or ones that are available for exposure are around us to tell us what's happening or what else is, it's hard to understand. The movie is awkward (that is, the rule of 180 degrees is broken many times and not in a forgiving or intriguing way) and the performances are wooden even when they look scared or shocked (Gellar is rather disappointing but Pullman, who appears later, after his first scene, is extremely miscast). Even when Shimizu tries for some old Boo scarecrows, like when the woman is in the office building and is being watched by the Grudge ghost, she is silly. Look only when you go to the elevator and the ghost is in the background of photos. Either you will go with it, and if you have more power for yourself, or you will hysterically laugh at the results. It matters to me in the latter. I'm not sure if this project went wrong - if Shimizu had to re-orientate it for studios or did not give enough free space to review his vision? Or maybe Raimi had something to say in it, and it made things more confusing and / or boring than it would be with someone else. The Grudge gives us a lot of information that does not make sense, or at least give us some food for anger to chew. It's a messplex trash of a sad order.
