*** spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers <br /> <br /> There are bad movies and then there are movies that are so terrifying that they become comic with affection in their ineptitude. This is the case of Columbia Pictures "The Grudge". This cinematic atrocity began when an otherwise well-intentioned American saw a Japanese made for the TV movie "Ju-on" and was inspired to remember the film in English. It began a virtual tsunami of incorrect choices that circumnavigated the globe until it was washed by the shore in Orlando on October 21, 2004. The premise, and I use the weak word, involves a house in Tokyo haunted by a weak mother who looks like a cross between Margaret Cho and Alanis Morrisette, along with her strange girlfriend, a secondary, wounded but bad student. Is there anything more frightening than an 8-year-old Japanese boy? Sure there is! Count Chocula comes to mind. With this capricious beating we have to add a mysterious black cat that I have called Chim Chim affectionately. (Remember Speed ​​Racer?) As you have already guessed, they were killed in this doom domicile and now they want to kill everyone who enters the premises. You see, as a Japanese detective explains, when someone dies in anger, their ghost seeks revenge on all those who are heading toward the property lines defined by the county commissioner or something like this, I forget. The story begins pretty innocent, with well-known spy Bill Pullman jumping to death on a balcony. I think Bill Pullman got this job because his children begged him for a trip to Tokyo Disneyland. Next, we urge Nico Yoko's gentle saga, "do not go in there," shouts the audience, but unfortunately she does not listen to direct warnings and is predictably walked like a magical lantern. Nearly 30 minutes in the film, we finally see American heroine Sarah Michelle Gellar as Karen. Sarah Michelle Gellar might be a competent actress but I could not think of Buffy Vampire Slayer so much it was fun. It's like having Jennifer Anniston in a movie about the adventures of six friends in New York. Try as you can, you can not stop thinking about the other project that made it famous. But I get it, Karen, the assistant is hired as a replacement for the caretaker who has disappeared into the spooks. <br /> <br /> She snoops around, meets ghosts, coma dies dies, and other things happen. Watching the tip of my hair in search of clues, I waited for one half to find the ghost and take off the mask to reveal that he was the old Gower who owned the abandoned amusement park! - I would have escaped if you did not mix your children and your dog! Takashi Shimizu Director, struggling to be Ed Wood in Asia, made two unfortunate decisions involving sound. First, he chooses to use a soundtrack only when someone is to be killed. This is an excellent idea to eliminate any suspense, as the audience receives a two minute warning to prepare for another miserable predictable crime. Secondly, he gave the ghosts a gutural bizarre sound that sounds like a gargling gopher. After the movie, I heard some people out of the theater making the sound and laughing. Sarah Michelle Gellar has become the only survivor. And, of course, we find out that the fire he burned the house was extinguished in time for the next mandatory chapter. However, given the humorous reactions of the public, they did not want a continuation, but an excuse. "The Grudge" could easily be renamed into a comedy, perhaps it will be appreciated for the value of the camp. Baring that, this will go down as the biggest movie thriller at "Godzilla vs Megalon". I would suggest waiting until the movie comes to the local discount theater where it can get the public ridicule it deserves so richly.
