There are a lot of people really good in this movie. Probably the best thing about that. Maybe that's worth it. "Loaded" tells the story of Tristan Price (Jesse Metcalfe), a young man who is about to make his mark on the world. He is the son of a well-known family of good repute, and heads to law school. But, as many such settings, things are not as perfect as they appear. Expectations in this family far exceed love. Except for school, Tristan's father seldom runs the risk of leaving the house. This seems to be the result of a traumatic event in the past that has shaken the family, which is partly revealed by flashbacks, but is not exposed until the end. Tristan's claustrophobic environment makes him lose in extreme ways at the earliest possible occasion when his friends take him to a strip club to celebrate his graduation. The celebration soon follows some strippers back to a beach party, and from there, Tristan becomes friends with Sebastian Cole (Corey Large), who shoots him into a drug that deals with the underworld. the film suffers from an unclear script and a story that is not very interesting. Also counting against this film are some camera tricks that generally seemed annoying and out of place like slow-moving, fast-moving, freezing, and echoing. These are the types of effects a director might normally use to show a person's perspective while on the drug unless they appear to have been sporadically cast into random places, a cheap style test. > Despite the fact that the unknowns were broadcast, the performances were good around all, especially with the main antagonist (Corey Large). I suspect that we will see at least some of these people in bigger and better projects in the future. Of course, when I mention the actors, I must mention their appearance. Rating based on hot, this movie scores a 11. The women in this movie are incredible looks and almost distract you from what a boring movie you are watching. I'm sure the male characters are also quite attractive, but you'll need to ask someone else to comment on this. Generally, I can not recommend this movie, not for buying, renting, or even seeing for free. Unfortunately, unfortunately, it is not worth the effort to stand still.
