Spectators who sneak everywhere, including the title sequence (now funny), should think it's a cinematic miracle, but believe me, this is one of the most embarrassing movies you could ever have ever see, do not laugh at him in five minutes, I'd say you lost your sense of humor. David Niven plays a wounded and bravado-besotted RAF pilot who somehow thinks she is fit to engage in an impressive (feminine) emotional conversation about love, just as she throws her to his sure and fierce death. (It is not romantic ...) Of course, he is spared a chance of metaphysical chance and washed on the beach, just as the same air traffic controller walks on a bicycle. (I'm gathered immediately). Looking back from the bizarre homo-erotic subtexts (over which they really have to refer to them as supertexters, from a naked boy sitting naked in the sandbox to the Twilight-zone-esquire theme film on a small flute, to a courier heavenly so that his campy / queen-y makeup is caked on more than ladies "), the most bizarre aspects of the film are how he wears such evil cartoons of national and racial stereotypes in a complicated attempt to argue a kind of point about the nature and power of universal love We bring it - boys like girls in skirts and heels and girls like it back and apparently all you have to do is cry a little to make it pretty noble for your movie receive 10 stars on IMDb .. As for the quality of production, continuity / editing is weak enough to induce cringing, and illumination may be even worse than that, but c u hard time to notice that the script is so bad. There are games played with Technicolor (any passage for the sky is black and white if you can figure that out) and prefiguration (so funny, my audience colleague who usually likes movies like that, actually cheered and laughing when his doc motorcycle arrived in a frigid wreck) and freezing (which is funniest because the female leadership is so poor, while you know that the hands of the scene have been clogged by the camera). /> The best photos are the first on the beach, but then everything is down. The stairs in Odessa (moving like a moving escalator are moving) are almost impossible, and I really care for someone to feel as if they should have seen this terrible shooting attempt on their account. The whole movie is bad enough to be funny, and that's the best thing I can say about it.
