From time to time, a group of friends, with a minimal budget but with envelopes of enthusiasm and talent, will create a low-budget masterpiece that will take the horror world through the storm. Raimi and co. he did it with The Evil Dead, Jackson and friends did Bad Taste; and Myrick and Sanchez made a mint with the Blair Witch Project. The director of Todd Sheets and his friends, however, are destined to cool down forever in relative obscurity if Zombie Bloodbath is something to go by. A lesson about how not to make a cheap horror, this miserable effort (about a plague of meat-eating zombies - Natch) serves as a reminder that, while many people now have access to a video camera, most should not take that as their index to try their hand to make a full length movie. It is not the fact that Sheets did not have an eye for a nicely framed photo (some of the camera angles and movements are actually pretty good), but rather that: a) has a terrible scenario b) has an unpleasant caste and ) does not realize he has a bad scenario and threw. Which means that the final movie is amateur in the extreme and is unlikely to be watched entirely by anyone other than zombie (like me) or members of the cast and crew (as well as those who gave the film's favorable comments). <br /> <br /> Zombie Bloodbath is obviously directed to gore-non-discriminatory maps, and Sheets (who currently has an incredible 34 headline as a director) is certainly leaving behind with buckets of organs and blood thrown at every occasion. But while these moments are undoubtedly yucky, they are not particularly convincing, and soon quite boring. So to summarize, this is a very bad film, with almost no redeeming aspect. Except for two: <br /> <br /> First of all, he presents the greatest single in cinema history, equally enhanced by Jerry Angell, who plays Larry (and more zombies). The magnificence of his barnet (coupled with a bite that creates them) is only a reason to watch this movie. Secondly, it has pathetic stealth zombies: meat-eating bodies waiting for unfortunate victims walking before jumping off their hide to launch a weak attack that requires almost no effort to escape. The best known to hide behind a door of waiting hours for someone to open it, "pathetic stealthy zombie" also occasionally hide behind the small walls, or sit in churches that pose as members of the congregation. this bad would get 1/10 for me, but in celebration of Jerry Angell's running locks, I will raise my rating generously to 2/10.
