What are the chances! At the right time, some amateur-redneck scientists discover the cave paintings that indicate that a type of dinosaur monster would have lived in the area thousands of years ago, an incendiary meteor collapses into the lake and spontaneously sprouts the egg monster who is there? for over a thousand years, I suppose! "Crater Lake Monster" is a movie that must be literally seen to be believed, but it would be better to do it in the company of many friends and a bunch of ganja to make it easy to digest. Yes, this is a terrible movie with an imaginary scenario and many irrelevant interludes that are really embarrassing, but it is also irresistibly charming and so crowded that we simply have to cherish some sort of love for him. Half of the movie? at least? revolves around the mad adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local yokels own and run a boat rental shop near the lake, but spend most of the day, raising their nose and circling fascinating things like writing the word "bait." In most of their Laurel & Hardy protopopic situations, new puddles of blood or headless heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, the heroic sheriff, but not very sharp, is the case, but only if he is not too busy to hunt big bullies traveling around the area. In the middle of the movie, suddenly there is a crude scene about a killer who steals a liquor store and kills two people in the process. This moment in the WTF textbooks seems to be heading to the other side of the country, like New York or something similar, and has nothing to do with the events at Crater Lake. Only twenty minutes later, the thief appears again in Hicksville, and there is a "tiny" pursuit through the forest, ending in Dino's hunger. The absurd details of The Monster Lake Crater are too numerous to mention! For example, this is probably the only creature in which players discover the mandatory fingerprint after they have already seen the monster. Hats in continuity should be legendary as far as I am concerned. It's like everyone forgot to pay attention to it. The night turns into twilight day and back into dusk? all during the same diurnal course! The monster is undoubtedly the best aspect of the film, especially because it is achieved through old-fashioned and adorable stop-motion effects. The cute creature is a Plesiosaur; that is, an aquatic dinosaur that looks like a cross between the Last Dinosaur Denver and an alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable cinematic experience I can only encourage to watch! The miserable rating of 10 is just in principle (and, basically, this is a very bad movie) should be put in perspective, because I could give it 10 out of 10 for entertainment value.
