**** Do not read this review if you want the shocking conclusion of "The Crater Lake Monster" to be a total surprise **** A plesiosaur of clay rises from the depths of the Crater Lake to hurt a group of local rednecks, not to mention your fast forward button. To call "The Crater Lake Monster," amateur is obviously to exaggerate. If you're not a fan of low-budget low-budget movies, you probably would not have been looking for it first. The problem with the movie is that when no monster action happens, it's really shit and it's not going anywhere. The script is very Ed Wood-ish, in that it is completely controversial in how it sets the main sequences of action. Nothing is too strange for "The Crater Lake Monster." Explains his dinosaur, making a meteoric accident in Lake Crater, "overheating" the water to the point where it inhabits a dinosaur egg that seems to have been resting at the base of the lake for millennia. Even if we could accept that the egg was there so long and remained uncovered and viable, would not "overheat" the water at a temperature so high as to evaporate most of the lake? Apart from one or two scenes, we do not see any evidence that the water is hot, except for a few lines in the scenario. The script is padded quite clearly in a few sequences and will do everything to get characters near the lake so they can be threatened by clay dinosaur. A couple who are just passing through car experiences and while their car is being maintained, they decide to rent a boat and head for Lake Crater. Do you think these strangers in the story might be there, so they could get into our monstrosity? In a sequence that is simply bizarre, a drunken redhead runs an alcohol store and decides to kill the cashier and a viewer instead of paying four dollars for a drink bottle. A tracking of the cars is happening and they would not know it ... they are right next to the lake. Snack time for Cratey! Yeah, it's not hard to understand and you're long before the script that you're irritated when it takes ten minutes for these scenes to unfold. The ruthless is everything and I really want to like "The Crater Lake Monster". I can not do it. It's not enough to go on, and it's more like a movie to do during a party, because you could talk well about it and it will not matter. <br /> <br /> The film has a thin list of things that go to it, the most important being the dinosaur itself, which appears in three forms: a shadow puppet, a large head that is drawn in wood through the water, and a fully-formed clay insert that actually looks pretty good. There's also a pair of wonderful hicks in it, and they carry most of the intentional humor in the movie. An end of race lets us mourn the deaths of both monsters and one of our lovers, so every good thing about this movie is dead to the end. Why have I been so affected by this conclusion? Was the song full of mourning played over the closing credits? Or did I only cry inside for the time I lost watching movies like this?
