* Spoiler possible * <br /> <br /> 'Go back to the cab near the lake' is a useless movie. The act was not good and the intrigue was not even interesting. <br /> <br /> Lake cabin is a good TV movie. The continuation was not. Judd Nelson was very good in the first film and put much more in his character than in this movie. It seemed that NO would not even be interested in doing the sequel. His acting was good, but he could have been better. I really do not want to comment on the rest of the song because, in my opinion, it is not worth mentioning. But I will. The character of Alison is not even presented in the first part of the film. Suddenly she is the focus of attention near Stanley Caldwell. The role did not make sense and should have been thought a little better. Dahlia Salem was absolutely terrible. Her act was far below decent, and the casting people would have had to look for someone else, somebody else. The director, Mike, was a confusing character. He seemed to have a purpose to be there, but it did not seem like his death was necessary. Working for this role was good, nothing terrific, but better than Salem. The land was really bad if you think about it. Stanley, allegedly dead, headed for the "Cabin de la Lac" set, based on his screenplay. He hinders the director and in a short while, the director is dead and Stanley leads the show. Yes, the crew from nowhere will let this stranger enter the picture and finish the movie without knowing anything about him. There are crimes, not a lot, and those that are shown are ridiculous. One of the actresses on the set electrocutes while filming a scene. Another character is chewed by a motorboat. And one gets stuck in a plant before it drowns. These writers must have been hard to excite. I have to say that I was not impressed with the film. The way he continued to change from looking for a low budget back to normal began to become very irritating. Also, the new chalet near the lake was badly created. We did not show up, but in just a few scenarios, and everything with the underground chain was useless. He worked in the first film just because he was shown us much more in the room but did not work in this movie. There were too many characters in this sequel. Everyone, except for a few, had no reason to be there. The action of what is little shown was very bad and ... they did not have a purpose in this movie. In total, "Get back to the cabin near the lake" is a sequel to the place where he was first. The "lake cabin" can take, but that was not really impressive. Judd Nelson should have avoided this, and so you must. It's nothing like the first one and it really went too slow. Nothing happened in the first hour and continued shooting for the second. Not to mention the writing was horrible. Put this only if you need help sleeping. So, we see that Stanley defies death and is still alive and well. By the way he speaks, it seems there may be a possible third installment of a good film just by itself. Stop being thrown away and we're fine! (Movie producers did not realize they showed us how they shot the scenes of the lake from the first, they were made in a tank, never reveal the secrets of the filming.) <br /> <br />
