I did not understand why some people do not like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, big dance numbers and strong emotions - what do you dislike? What I did not realize was that I saw only Bollywood's top crust. Then I looked at Garam Masala. I could say from the first scene that it was not a movie that I was going to like (the film opens with a two-way conduction leading around a city, and it seems to be happening serenity on a number of settings photos populated with bridal models), but I hoped things would improve. Unfortunately, they did not. The main problem is that the two protagonists, Mac & Sam, are completely disobedient. They spend the whole film stretching out to women - and living brutally - to make them in bed, and the audience should find this fun and be enchanted. Boys are scrupulous and inappropriate, not in a loving way. Mac even goes so far as to bring one of the drug addicts so she can not discover her deception. The script is extremely poor, with repetitive scenes, settings that never lead to anything, and illogical actions and assertions of characters. Actually, the characters are not at all developed at all. Men are stingy, greedy, and women are simply interchangeable. If you go through this movie, you would think that the "air hostess" is easy enough to move from person to person. In reality, treason is not so humorous. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I've found in the movie were a number of dances that had brilliant sets and some slapstick moments involving aspects of the French farce story. Bollywood Dance enjoys better in Farah Khan's choreographic films, and for stuttering it can go directly to the silent comedy of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, which seems to have influenced the writer / director Priyadarshan. Priyadarshan also takes a fake credit to invent the story: the basic premise of the plot is stolen from 1960's "Boeing Boeing." The original author of that piece, Marc Camoletti, is not credited anywhere. At least Priyadarshan changed the title for this remake rather than using the original original without giving credit, as he did in the 1985 version of the same story. (According to the IMDb credits list)
