Based on Stephen King's horror writer's story of the so-called "old and immortal" sleeping creatures that suck the virgin life to sustain that energy. They have supernatural abilities - "which means they become invisible and can create subliminal mirages to trick people." They have fled people for centuries, they are told and were taken one by one until only two remain. her mother and her son arrive in a sleepy city, are the last of the sleepwalkers and are full of virgins to feed. The mother sends her son to join the local high school to find a virgin (Madchen Amick) and she continues to try to bring her alone so she can suck her in. It does not explain why the mother can not look for virgins in herself - it would ease the things that she would imagine because teen boys are more apt to follow a woman beautiful older one in a secluded area than a teenage boy following a teenage boy. However, his plans are defeated while the girl fights back by making a pencil in his ear. you are called and hunter is on. "The son is sick of his injuries, so my mother goes havoc by killing the cops left and right in her hunt for a girl who hurt her son and throws some painful lining in the middle of the gorilla. Finally, the girl kills the head of the movie. This movie is garbage! The action is variable, from Brian Krause to the excellent excellent Alice Krige. The special effects are mediums and show some early informational effects, which is quite interesting because it shows how far such things have progressed in such a short time. Direction is muddled and the movie falls into camp in places. The director does not seem sure if we have to worry about sleepwalking or to sympathize with them and when we doubt that the movie becomes hysterical. Stephen King makes a gentle amusing cage as an annoying gardener just like Mark Hamill as a puzzled policeman. Alice Krige seems to fill the film, his character has a depth and gives an indication of what the movie could have with a better script and a better direction.
