So, on the Chills cable network, they have "Vampire Month", I'm such a dork, but I love vampires. So after a couple of shows they showed me, I was quite disappointed, but then I noticed that Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King. So I decided to go and check it, to my surprise, this movie was really bad. Most Stephen King movies are fun and some are very scary. While Sleepwalkers was bad, he was a pretty bad guy. We had a good time laughing at this movie and I took it for what it was. I have never read Sleepwalkers, as far as I understand it is the only true vampire story by the King, so I can not compare the book to the movie. I do not know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers seemed to have been made for television. The special effects were swollen and the story was a bit touched, even if it was fantastic, it had many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Maria are vampires who feed the life force of virgin women. They are considerably more resilient than humans and have powers of telekinesis and illusion. Their only weakness is cats, who are not only able to see through their illusions, but whose claws are capable of causing serious injuries to fatalities. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary settled in a small town in Indiana. Charles attends the local high school and meets Tanya Robertson in his creative creative class. Tanya does not suspect the true reason Charles wants so much; to take his life force for his mother, who suffers from hunger. At first, it seems Charles was in love with Tanya. At their first meeting, however, a picnic at the nearby cemetery, Charles tries to drain life from Tanya while kissing her. As is the case, Deputy Chief Andy Simpson, who tried earlier to pull Charles for accelerating, runs beside the cemetery and observes Charles's car. When Tanya goes to him for help, Charles follows Andy and kills him. When Charles returns to his life force - exhausting a meeting with Tanya, the deputy cat, Clovis, rises to the occasion and almost kills Charles, scratching his chest on his chest. Mortal injured by Clovis, Charles returns home to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge on Tanya's family. So to summarize this movie, you have to wait for the cheese to overcome. The scene in which Charles attacks Tanya for the first time is very cliché and you almost voted for Charles to win just because Tanya is one of the worst women in horror movies. Then you have to love the scene in which Mary has a gun and shoot her in a police car and somehow explode, God bless the Hollywood explosions and exaggerations. I took the film for what it is, it's so delicious that it turns into a dark comedy for me that I would like to have fun. I'm not sure if Stephen King wanted to see his story, but he's on stage with his typical film. So my suggestion if you watch this movie, take it for what it is and do not think too much, is fun mind-blowing with horn effects, bad casting, a bad story and plenty of cats to make crazy lady cats from The Simpson's say "Wow, it's a lot of cats." 4/10
