I liked Batman: Dead End. A dark movie movie for Batman's night was perfect. Batman: End Dead is good. This thing is not. <br /> <br /> First of all, let me start with acting. None of them is so good. The best would probably be Clark Bartram as Batman. But that does not say too much. He is good at first glance, and then you realize he is what he is, a body builder that happens to be a tolerable actor. But most of all, the problem is that Batman is not part of the daylight, looks like a freak running around a boys' suit. Instead of a pungent blind man who is trying to cope with past mistakes. Daylight also reveals an irritated perversion on Bartram's face, which does not let go of the Batman: Dead End, probably because of the short darkness that is so desirable in this trailer. Bartram seems to think that stuttering and shaking his head acts, is not, it's the opposite. It's called posing, something that real actors avoid as a plague. Something I never understood why Collora has cast bodybuilders as leaders. It's much more logical to give the role of an actor who can manage it, instead of a bodybuilder who can manage it pretty well, but HEY HE LOSS MORE OF THE COMICS! Of course, it could have been better if the dialouge Collora did not leave too much to be desired. The entire trailer (yes, trailer. There will be a full length movie) is more focused around Superman then Batman. But everything from Superman is corny, cloying and amateur. Michael O'Hearn (Superman) is one of the worst actors I've ever seen. He stands, smiles, says his lines. It's about that. Although not surprised that she is just a bodybuilder, she hired and eventually received some acting lessons. Once again I tell Collora ACTORI. Not bodybuilders. The actors will be so much more convincing that we will forgive the fact that it does not look exactly like the comic book. The costume is what you would expect to wear Superman. As for the Batman suit. Well, I think it looks good in the dark. I say this because in some photos the costume looks like something you buy from a Halloween gift shop. Superman flies in this movie. But it's not a good thing. These photos look amateur. This and a lot of "movie" looks as if shot in their yard with a VHS camera. The best pictures are a shot of Superman catching a car in his hands. And the final shot of Two-Face and Batman at the end. For those of you who saw the trailer. You know what I'm talking about. Now, if only he could stretch that shot through the entire trailer. Finally I ask you. Why, if you're trying to prove your director's ability, would you make a trailer like a short feature? This does not prove anything when it comes to being a real story of manipulation of the director. My only advice for Collora here is that there is a difference between the ability to tell a story and to be able to work in marketing. Batman: Dead End did not feel amateur. I can not figure out where it went wrong.
