Let me start this review saying this: I love vampire movies. They can suck (har har intention intended), and still love them because vampires are just bad in movies. Van Helsing, considered by many as a bunch of nonsense, was pleasing to me because they were vampires. You may ask, "What does this have to do with this movie?" The answer is that I intend to let you know how horrible this film is, that even a harharhar for vampire movies like me can despise a movie like that. <br /> <br /> Helsing, a college professor, is not at all convincing. He is a terrible actor, like everyone else in this movie, and he wrote it to add salt to the wound. Frankly, I do not want to offend him, and I'm sure everyone enjoyed doing this movie, but forgetting it was painful. I'm not sure why I looked at everything; it may have been a morbid fascination, as if he had pursued an imminent train crash: it is horrible, but you can not force yourself to look away. Her main fault is that she's just so dull, and her plot is so ridiculous, even for a science-fiction horror movie. But, I'm moving away. By the way, Van Helsing has sex with his mother. Of course, she does not know she is at that time; he just thinks he is one of his students (which is still illegal and everything, but not so disgusting and creepy). If I was Van Helsing, I would have fired at least one Oedipus when I found out I did something so brutal. He would have done it for fun if he had made a comment, but not. The point is not even brought by any of the characters. It's like the writer would not even think about it. I would have had at least one other character laughing at him and saying "Ha ha, you have sex with your mother", which would be slightly humorous (though obviously immature). I'm probably out of the room, so more words to discourage you ever see this movie: there's a vampire ninja fight with an old man. It would be funny, but the filmmakers are waiting for us to take it seriously. It's not worth watching the movie to see how bad it is. Stay away, away from her if you value your time. I will say a positive thing about the film: the guy who interprets Van Helsing is pretty chic with that knife. There is a one-minute segment in which he revolves around his knife and actually does some nice tricks. It would be boring in any other film, but here, unfortunately, it was the climax.
