I have to agree with some of the other comments and even go a step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar our central character makes the decision to become a surrogate mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant but along the fall for a wise ex-jailbird. At the same time, her friend, Hortense, tries to make her lawyer lover finally marry her. She is also going to sleep with Marlon, who is desperately in love with her. Then is Delmar's brother, Jethro, who is involved in a former hitchhiker, Missy, who reveals that she was sexually abused by her adopted father. In parallel, we also have an eccentric mother who has an assortment of strange friends, one of which dies on the couch at the beginning of the movie. So far, so good, but after the introduction of these characters and story lines that address life, death, pain and love in the first half of the year, the film simply loses the direction. <br /> <br /> If the writer chose only one or two characters and allowed us to follow our story, things would be fine, but the equal time for the screen is given to everyone, resulting in no story or character is fully developed. For example, why does Delmar think he will be able to hand over his child in exchange for money, especially when potential parents are a scary bigot attorney and his half-alcoholic and depressed wife? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is a villain and obviously does not love her? How is Missy managing to change his coke habits overnight? Jethro is regularly attracted to women with overwhelming problems, or Missy is the exception? Did Delmar's mother and Jethro have always been on the eccentric side or is it a more recent development? Why is Jethro so interested in Cadillac that he has one in the middle of the living room? Why did he spend many years in prison because he stole a car, a relatively minor crime? How does Delmar succeed in multiplying Moses' child when there is no suggestion that they have ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are presented in the script, but unfortunately they are never answered. I can only assume that they responded in the original novel and that is why the writer felt the need to include everything in the script. Big mistake. The loss of several subplots, especially Hortense and Marlon, which adds nothing to the overall movie, would have tightened things up considerably and allowed more time to develop the characters Delmar, Jethro and Moses, who are clearly more central plot and underlying themes than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Add to this the most pedestrian style of walking seen outside the average soap and the result is a great missed opportunity for all, including Jorja Fox who does the best to rise above the material. I am not surprised that this seems to have been the director's last film because this effort shows no evidence of a visual style or the ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
