This film does not pray, as others have said. I found it very boring and stupid. The story is about this high school metal kid who idolizes this very hard heavy metal singer. The singer dies but not before making a last album that will be played on the radio, of course, at midnight on Halloween (which would actually make November 1, a day less powerful to be sure) . The child receives a copy of the record and contains hidden hidden hidden messages. It is also the key that opens the door, so the very bad metal singer can turn around to bring the world into chaos and death. <br /> <br /> The first part of this film is not a horror movie, but rather a Special School after school. We see that the metal kid (the outsider) has been tormented again by folk children. And he fails to learn the most important lesson in high school movies: When bad kids beat you, they suddenly invite you to a party, DO NOT GO! It's a trap. Especially if it's a pool party. Anyone surprised when he got into the water? It was such a Special School that I waited for Melissa Sue Anderson to show up and teach Jody Foster a lesson. So back to the horror part of the movie. So this metal child gets some power and instead of using them to kill the bully boys (which would have made much more sense), he crazy and tries to protect all the boys and girls maddened by evil. What the? A sensitive hero? What fun is this in a horror movie? Thanks to Carrie White did not follow this lesson. In fact, he's trying to PREVENT having music played at Halloween Dance, music that could release a power to kill all the children who agreed. If it was me, I would have put music and pronto. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is about this metal kid walking around the city trying to kill the horrible metal orbit she has idolized. Why not partner with him and actually do some damage. Why do you ask? He seems to be in love with one of the popular faces and does not want to be hurt ... more suitable for a Molly Ringwald movie. Is it a horror movie or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The film continues and continues at this moment, without any horror, horror or something worth watching. If you went to high school in the late 80s, as we did, this movie is fun to have a little retro fashion look and big hair, but that's for this movie. Bite him and stay home and just listen to some KISS.
