Antonioni, making this film, assumed the role of Pope Smurf for all of the long-haired, long-haired, radical Smurf-haired parents. He had taken them under the guiding protection of the European communist wings, showing appreciation and support for their confusing American ways. (These smurfuri are red and wearing blue, not vice versa.) Radicals Smurfs were happy to get the guidance of a wise man, his hair gray, who regularly pretends God all Smurfurilor haired Lenin Communist - another wise old man whose beard made Smurfs take it even more seriously, for it symbolized something wise, though they did not know why they looked at the beard to have such a profound effect on them. Castro, another wise man, often took advantage of this confusion and exuded magical powers with his beard over his naive admirers abroad. (Not to mention Che Guevara beard has a certain je-ne-sais-pas-quoi about it makes you want to hug immediately Marx and his wonderful teachings pacifist?) The film begins with a meeting muddled radical stupid students radicals , which engages in dialogues that really redefine the word "confused." As confused as a blind-bent dog, falling from a high story building into a bottomless pit. Suddenly, "hero" of the film (well, hero Antonioni) rises and says some guards his left and then leave, hoping the show of "mega-coolness" to improve the image of James Dean and increase their very much the chances of being put with the best "chicks" in the next orgy of mass hip. Finally, he comes into trouble with the policemen (ie the pigs) at a rally and spends the movie under the blue sky of American capitalism, seeking freedom? Or something like that. Antonioni's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectual, but has no (or not) anything new to offer; it's just the same policemen unique kind of trigger-happy, businessmen discussing business affairs (and what is wrong with that, is how to make films of Antonioni?), and photographs endless TV commercials and billboards, product decadent population disgusting, selfish and greedy, who thinks of no one but themselves, their families, their work and their children. Papa Smurf Antonioni, like his -Smurfs Smurfettes of the late 60s and had not noticed the obvious and vital aspect about their movement bad: they were allowed to have their meetings ridiculous and freely express their opinions against the establishment in that institution, while students from those countries whose left systems have admired do not (and still do not). By far, the greatest irony about the hippies - and Antonioni, of course, did not even realize that (his judgment being covered by cocaine and excessive consumption of LSD) - is that the hippies were the scraps of capitalism . This is an incredible irony. Only in a successful capitalist system can you find that species called "hippie"; a stray, ungrateful and selfish half of the middle and upper class racists. The film itself seems to continue forever. Antonioni takes his cute weather, continuing with the scenarios of futility, with a high maturity factor. His attempts at symbolism are annoying and cute. His statements are very doubtful at best. This film is Antonioni's way of saying that the violent revolution is the solution. And that's what we get from an old, saturated, dirty and rich film producer who lives in villas and dinners in the finest French and Italian restaurants. I do not remember seeing a great Western film about the massacre of thousands of Chinese students from Tiananmen. But when a Western student is shot for cheating Che Guevara's face, we get ten important movies about him. I suppose this means that a Chinese life is worth a thousand times smaller than the Western one? at least to the left hypocrites who infect movies. If you are a Marxist neo-hippy and did not like this horrible review, click on "NO" below.
