This movie is definitely a product of its times and seen in any other context, it is an incredibly stupid movie. Heck, even seen in his context, is pretty bad! This is largely due to a stupid plot and a very indulgent direction by Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to pair a very artistic style film with an anti-hippie film and only managed to produce a gigantic bomb. The film begins with a rap session where a lot of "with them" students stand around saying such platitudes as "power for the people" and complaining about "man." Considering that most of these hippies have their parents sent to college, it seemed a little awkward for these privileged children to complain so loudly and shout the revolutionary jargon. A bit later, violence between students and "laying pigs" bursts and a policeman is killed. Our "hero", Mark, may or may not have done so, but he is forced to run to avoid prosecution. Instead of moving to Mexico or Canada, he does what a moron would do - he was stealing a plane and flying it to the Mojave desert! There he meets a chicken tip and then stays around philosophy for hours. Then they have sex in one of the stranger sex scenes in the history of cinema. As they stroll in the dust, suddenly other couples appear and where there is a huge orgy scene. While you see a bit of skin (which justifies an R rating), it's not as explicit as it could have been. In fact, it takes so long and seems so choreographic that it just smells the mind. And of course, when finished, many, many couples disappeared into thin air. Separately, later, the couple drones the plane with help and resembles a creation of Peter Max. Despite the airplane's improvement, bad police officers respond to the plane's return by shooting a handsome revolutionary. When the girl finds herself, she enters a semi-catatonic state, and the film ends with her imaginary imagination of destroying her own fascist pig parents and all the evil she represents (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion, see that the same enormous house explodes about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see TVs, refrigerators and other things explode in slow motion. While it's bad, it's nice to look - like when David Letterman blows things up or destroys his stuff on his show. In addition to a sweet plot, the film suffers from a strong need of a single nice character, as well as an extensive editing. At least 15 minutes could be easily removed to hurry things a little - especially because there really is not much plot or dialogue. The bottom line is that this is an incredibly stupid film and I was not surprised to see it listed in Harry Medved's book "Fifty Worse Movies". It is a well-deserved addition to this nonsense pantheon. For such a renowned director to spend so much money to produce such a craptastic movie is a crime! Two final remarks. If you like to laugh at stupid hippie movies, try and watch the BILLY JACK test. Also, in a case of imitation art, the leader, Mark Frechette, showed his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 years in prison a few years after he attended an act of "revolution" in which he and some friends rob a bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies!
