In his 1966 Blow Up film, Antonioni asked her hero for the truth against the background of British young protesters. By asking such questions against a structure of hippie youth movements, Antonioni deliberately questioned whether or not the effectiveness of these organizations. How can you fight for a cause when what you think is true can actually be a lie? On the other hand, the film said we have to actively fight and provoke what we see precisely because others can deceive us with false images and false truths. Although the hippie aspects were the most sticky parts of the movie "Blow Up", they created a beautiful texture and gave the film more significance than it would have otherwise. It was a small, small and small film. With "Zabriskie Point" Antonioni throws all the ambiguities and subtleties of "Blow Up" and the hippie runs full of breath. The result is a movie full of bad metaphors, stupid ideas and heavy stories. How can anyone who, in his entire career, show such a constraint and intelligence, does something so stupid? <br /> <br /> The film opens with a beautiful series of close, following a group of radicals who are discussing the meaning of the revolution. Suddenly a man (Mark) rises and leaves. He hates the rigid and orderly nature of the revolution. He recognizes that although revolutionaries struggle for freedom, to bind to such a militant cause is actually to give up your freedom. And, like Jack Nicholson in The Passenger, Mark just wants to be free. As such, Mark buys a gun and goes solo. He does not receive orders from anyone. When the police attacked his campus, Mark shot a guy and run away. Then he runs to a nearby airport, steals a small private plane and flies to the desert. Antonioni treats the desert as a peaceful utopia and contrasts it with the ruthless capitalist cities, their panels and the modern hollow devices. He sees the desert as a garden of Eden. In the desert, Mark meets Daria and falls in love quickly. Antonioni then gives us a ridiculous sex scene, where hundreds of hippies have sex in the sand. Unleashing the constraints of modern life, these tree rapists and student radicals can celebrate their individualism by humping in the sun. The film ends with the death of Mark and Daria, who is thinking of exploding villas and impressing the homes of the rich capitalists who killed him. It is Antonioni's challenge to his audience. Raise weapons, pickets and explosives, he says. Cut the walls down before you fit! Of course, the movie had no effect on its audience. They recognized the "Zabriskie Point" as just another commercial attempt to be radical. Some kind of comradic radicalism. He felt untrue and unbeatable. <br /> <br /> Thematically the movie is pretty stupid. Antonioni says in principle that if you are unhappy with the modern world and the fat cats that exploit you, you have to flee to the desert (Mark) or actively fight the system (Daria). That's good and good. But although artists are constantly warning us of such distracting nightmares, they are not all able to show us how to effectively manage change. Like the end of the "Battle Club", nihilism and violence do not get anywhere. In the real world, social change tends to be instigated by humble inventors, driven by minor technological advances. I mean, what freed women more than contraceptives? 3/10 - A very bad movie. The problem is that Antonioni does not really believe in the rebellion. He is a quiet and contemplative man. An introvert who seems to have made an extrovert movie to gain more adoration from contraculture that has embraced the previous Blow Up movie. As such, "Zabrinskie Point" comes as a very pretentious and stupid film. In essence, a 50-year-old man says "Look at me, I'm a bold rebel!" There are many films in which the audience is encouraged to fight against the "system", but all fall into one of the four categories. In the first category you have movies such as "Network", "Cool Hand Luke", "Nest of the Nest" and "Spartacus". All this shows that the lives of freedom fighters end in failure, although in each case the "spirit of the revolution" occurs. The message is that you can not change, but through death or failure, the optimistic notion of change comes through martyrdom. In essence, we must continue to succeed but to give up hope. Then you have movies like "Battle Club", "Zabriskie Point" and "Falling Down", which simply encourages you to explode. Stop everything. Breathe everything. Everything is a lie, so you can throw your weapons well. These films are carried rather by reactionary feelings, rather than by any common sense. <br /> <br /> Then you have the category "Flight, Rather than Fight". Terrence Malick and Antonioni are the masters of this genre. Movies like "The Passenger," "The Red Desert," and "Badlands" show that human beings run from worlds they do not like and make islands or peaceful forces for themselves. Both directors are pessimistic because Malick has its destroyed islands, and Antonioni has its islands that do not offer any sense of happiness or solution. Then you have the fourth category. Movies such as Donnersmarck's "The Life of Others", Kubrick's "Bound For Glory" and Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange" treat artists as a force of change and rebellion. In these dystopian worlds, where everyone is content to be a slave to the state, the artist / killer's creativity and freedom of will keeps him under control. Simply exiting the herd, create waves. Your critical comments, actions and eyes are causing the status quo. As such, Donnersmarck's film has novelists and artists who undermine Nazi Germany, while Kubrick has Alex, the artist / criminal fighting against Nazi drugs, painting the city in blood and sperm.
