An absolute sequel extends credibly largely as diabolical sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time infiltrates the cinematic production of the novel he wrote for the drowning of the garden, assuming the identity of a second director of unity that he killed. having fun with Hollywood, with a cheek script, taking photos of the tyrannical directors who sleep with their actress (looking up a path up the ladder) and does not like anyone to challenge them for the spotlight. Brian Krause, whom I thought was horrible, surpassing the point where satire felt incredibly forcible, portrays the loud, temperamental director who does not like the fact that the second director of unity and screenwriter, Alison (played by Dahlia Salem ) seem to take over production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, who is the brother of a victim from the first film. The dark humor of the movie this time takes the idea of ​​a serial killer who actually acts as director of a set of movies and exploits it for everything he deserves. Nelson absorbs back into his psycho role without any difficulty, with Stanley as intelligent as ever, using his brain to order a film production, killing anyone he needs to keep his full control over his work, leaving no one to stand in until Alison realizes who Stanley is. Alison is the type of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject ... what motivated Stanley to kill, why would she do that, and what led such a man in this dark way? Alison's humor, which actually works with the same man, is also part of the satire in the heart of this black comedy thriller. Of course, you will get the inevitable confrontation between Alison and Stanley with a truly ridiculous and unbelievable conclusion about the murderer's fate (a hardly swallowable pill). Unlike the first film that was shot with sophisticated polish, director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary unnecessary techniques (such as shooting a strange angle, slow motion in a sepia color, and some situations captured on video ) and rather annoy instead of impressing. This sequel, for me, was not exactly as much as the original, with much less effective and obvious humor.
