Do you need a lesson in pure, abject failure? Do not look any further than "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom", a dirty, dirty, shameful shame. As we all know, decent estates tend to give horrible, horrible germs: "Halloween" has given birth to many, many evil spirits for 80 years; "Mad Max" has spawned many futuristic "futuristic fantasies", many, and "Conan the Barbarian" have spawned a bunch of terrible, terrible, incredibly bad sword and witchcraft. "Lost Kingdom Witches" scratch the barrel of the 80-year-old barrel in a really insulting barrel. A young runt, named Simon, regained his "good kingdom" by a wicked sorcerer with a black carpet, a garden gardener, a birch topless siren, and Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a long b-moovie muscle, is just about to change its sword from aluminum. However, he succeeds in defeating the forces of evil, consisting of the evil wizard, "Shurka," and his army of monsters, giants and stones, with a large suit. At one point, a paper coat baton strikes a string, but it is eaten by half a hidden doll of dolls, strangely presented as a kind of dragon. The beginning of the film is what can be politely described only as scene scenes taken from the floor of the changing rooms of the shaded muscles stitched together in the vain hope of the film scene and seriously told by a guy who is no longer in new. Words can not properly transport the inexpensiveness of this face; the producers probably spent moore moolah nourishing Svenson's mouth steadily expanding than on the cheesy fx of this movie. And we're talking about Brie here, people ...: = 8P Director Hector Olivera ("The Queen of the Barbarian") presents this mish-mash in a disappointed, confused and clumsy manner, destroying any clear and linear story roar. The act is terrible, the production levels under the shoe laces, and the parcel is a tired cage after another paraded before our tired eyes. That they actually did a sequel (!!!) make the MooCow brain pencil. The "Battle Beyond the Stars" Battle Beyond the Stars by James Horner ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") were raised, screaming and hitting, and ruthlessly grafting on this turkey - . People, you have to see this to believe. MooCow says that an inexpensive rent when there is nothing else to watch, well, it's fun moore than watching bunny bunny prey. Barely. : = 8P
