What we have here is a brilliant joy of incompetence of the '80s, which will make the greatest connoisseur of speechless cinema! "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and cheerful fantasy / Sword-and-Sorcery adventure that does not have a real plot, but it impresses with the impatience and shame of borrowing elements from other movies. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Have watched enough of similar movies to know they need a handful of key characters, but they probably realized the rest would follow automatically. To make a fantasy adventure, you need: a super-evil villain (preferably with a black head), a young hero in training, a lone warrior, a kind pet pet, a wise doll who lives in the woods ) and a collection of whole colored hidea demons, enslaved dwarves and winged gargoyles to serve as stuffing. The story is phenomenal and so original, for Simon, the young son of a wizard, had to flee from his beloved kingdom after the evil mage Shurka took power and killed the king. Simon wants to come back and save people, but he needs his strong ring that he lost during his escape. Simon enlists with the lonely warrior Bo (who usually needs payment control) who assists Simon during his long and devastating journey full of trial, dangerous encounters, and magical shows. Of course, it does not even sound too bad until now, but that's just because we excluded all the delicate little details. Simon has his best friend called Gulfax, for example. Gulfax is a white version of Chewbacca and evokes uncontrollable chuckles whenever he opens his pood bott to suggest something incomprehensible. Obstacles during home travel are hilarious irrelevant to "plotting" and simply serve as fillings to cover the lack of real content. Simon has nightmare visions inside the tent of a suspect nymph forest, Kor gets an old score with the pigheaded nemesis, whose sister refused to marry, and there is the supposed horrible "suicide cave," where you can only you sing. But the most unequally brilliant absolute sequence? not just this film alone, but in the history of cinema? involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon wakes up legendary brave warriors, hoping they will help in the fight, but rotten corpses take only a few steps, complain about how tired they are and return to the tombs. That's it! So much for the zombie plot! The best sequence ever! I could mention uninteresting details about a few paragraphs, but you have the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a movie "so bad, how good" so bad. Word of Advice: Do not watch this joyous joyful piece of joy. Invite your friends, preferably, head-beheaded guys with a bad sense of humor and see him in the group. Will it be a night to remember?
