From the beginning, you know this is a Sam Sherman film more than a film by Al Adamson, because as a roll of credits, "Un Sam Sherman Production" appears in letters as large as the credit in the title. Not only did Mr. Sherman co-write the script and it was his idea to use Bob Livingstone, a washed-up, 69-year-old West Hollywood star era to be his male lead in an image that Sherman thought he would capitalize on the recent success of Swinging Stewardesses. <br /> <br /> Now, why would you like to have a wrinkled old man as you drive your male into what should be a soft-core exploitation feature? Defying the explanation, but that's Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with old Hollywood colored a lot of his films for Independent International Pictures, and he and Al Adamson frequently tried to get been actors for their films (for example, J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn , Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). But Bob Livingstone? Tell me that the drive-in demography knew who was the second scenario; it's ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But again, the "naughty stewardesses" were a good image for them, so we can not just write this as a Sherman fiasco. However, by any aesthetic standard, it is an incoherent mess. Al Adamson wanted to get out of this picture and it's easy to see why. First of all, it does not have any kind of accent at all and the troien around the super soft base (breasts and only ass / sex simulated) to a kidnapping thriller (shades of Steckler's "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo"!) Meanwhile, we are suffering painfully tedious sequences of stewardes traipping around Vegas music baptized by Sparrow, or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann at a photo shoot in San Francisco. Worst of all, we make Bob Livingstone as Jack LaLanne beating in a blue suit trying to be sexy ... gag! (Fortunately, the big sex scene with Connie Hoffmann was deleted, but you can catch her flat on DVD titles in the Special Features section. Creepy.) This is a terrible movie , terrible, but I'll give her three stars for Gary Graver's photo and sympathy for Connie Hoffmann because she had to do it with Wrinkles Livingstone. "Naughty Stewardesses" is for Al Adamson completists and / or exploiting film scholars, while Sam Sherman's commentary provides vital insights inside. All the rest, YOU.
