This is the dilemma (above) that Debbie has to do at the end of the production of Sam Sherman Navale Stewardesses. Debbie just hit the city, became a stewardess, slept with a wealthy old man (whom she describes at the age of 50, but obviously hit that mark a decade or two ago), shot nude scenes for the photographer he's just met, central to a kidnapping / extortion plot. Through all this, in the midst of all the emotional and soul searches, what will Debbie do in heaven's name? Well, I can not give it up completely, but do not expect any real epiphany here. Let's face it. The naval stewardesis is exactly what she wants to be (at least two-thirds through): a soft porn movie with many topless women and a funny in this 70's fashion movie Kitchy. There is no great art here. The film was designed to make money and exploit an increasing trend at that time to place nymphomaniac stewardes in movies so that the audience can vicariously live their voyeuristic tastes. By current standards, the movie is pretty tainted. What this movie makes wrong is to try to be a sort of end-to-end movie. All right, someone here thinking that Debbie's little diatribue on the beach was contemplating life. She would spend more time choosing what top hat will wear that day then do that. What about the ridiculous plot to steal 50 thousand? Did it make no sense to me, as did these characters on the ground "dig"? Whoever buys Cal as a member of PLO (something like that) or even as a director of hardcore pornography? He would have been lucky to work at Seven Eleven! This is, as another commentator observed, more of a piece of Sam Sherman and Al Adamson's play. You can tell when Al is in full load. There is virtually no budget, and the film does not look as polished as it is. Adamson does a decent job this time, and I have to give Sherman a degree of credit. While this movie is bad for just what it was supposed to be, it has a certain style. I liked opening credits with animation and photos. I liked Sparrow's music. "Silver Cots" was a somewhat appealing song. The film does not seem at all cheap at all. Compare this to any of Al's horror movies. In terms of distribution, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old for lead, but an examination has entered his character and has been explored and the thread obviously is that young women are attracted to men with money. I had major problems with Robert Smedley, who was simply horrible in his role. The girls got all the good sets, so what else was asked? Naughty stewardes is a relatively innocuous exploitative film of the 1970s and will serve as a life capsule for certain aspects of life in the decade. By the way, did I mention that it's a pretty bad picture?
