It seems that the people behind Envy have realized that recent comedies - especially those involving Ben Stiller and to a lesser extent Jack Black - have been spoofs of the situation, which have steadily declined in originality and, in general, laugh. I discovered Zoolander's absolute absurdity when he was released, Starsky and Hutch were also pleased, and then Dodgeball kept laughter for many people, although I personally was a bit tired of the top characters - especially when the script it was so funny (maybe a comedy of a Dodgeball tour does not translate long enough in Australia, where it rarely plays). So in an attempt to make something more original, Envy moves away from an absurd scenario and instead revolves around the absurd creation of Jack Black's character (I will not ruin what is for those who want to see the movie). The problem is the movie seems to shoot, I'm not a big enough movie to be able to think about the examples, but it seems that this set was made a thousand times before - and very rarely successful. So instead of a beautiful, clear, pleasant and fresh comedy, you'll get a movie that seems to go through the moves. Of course the moves can be quite funny and they are centered on a strange idea to offer some laugh - especially with Jack Black playing the excited and funny creator, albeit a 2D pic. Ben Stiller, on the other hand, seems a little lost, he asked to play a more complete role than the ridiculous characters of Zoolander's film, but he struggles as a family man, be it the blame or the scriptures, there is not enough depth to the character and the result is a film by Ben Stiller that makes those typical manners and, in general, becomes boring. The show does not leave the mark on the viewer (it's just Ben Stiller, Jack Black manages to play a character - though not a provocative one). The last annoying element of the film is Christopher Walken's role as "The J Man", which is as typical and as two dimensions as the characters come, and of course he becomes monotonous and frustrating very quickly. It's really not as unpopular as some people think, it can be traced, especially if you have a proper mood (the sense of stupidity would be a good condition to see this movie). Rent it on a night of movie with your friends and watch it after watching a scary movie and you feel like light - hopefully you will also be somewhat tipsy by then. In this scenario, I can imagine it would be nice enough but generally gives too little laughs to wear and most of the time just pull along.
