I admit that I like many so-called "frat-pack" movies. No matter how bad they are, they can find something like Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" just left me as cold as the white horse that Ben eliminated. This time, Ben and Jack Black are some anxious neighbors, one of them (Black) discovers an aerosol spray to make the animal disappear and becomes incredibly rich, while the other (Stiller) reels in envy. This is the supposed plot, but then it goes out in other directions that do not really make much sense. I think the "Vapoorize" thing is funny at first. The problem is that they are trying to support the gag for the whole picture (Black has a license plate that reads "Caca King") and it gets pretty tiring. But even Ben and Jack are badly used; the energy level for both performances seems to be significantly reduced. The two best performances are by far Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. The Walken's neo-hippie-dippie type is so offbeat and so modulated a performance that never suggests any other Walken of other familiar characters nuttered. It's completely unique, but comes as an unmistakable Walken. And Weisz is the best actress in the field that no one knows. Even with a limited amount of time, she still dominates every scene they are in. The whole foundation of the so-called drama is that Ben, in a stupid stupor, accidentally shoots a white stallion of Jack's award, and then goes to ridiculous long to cover it, fearing that his best friend will find and cut dead. But the breath of the plot is not credible, because there is nothing about Jack's character to show that he would do that. He plays a guy so cute that he makes the whole wild horse empty and unobtrusive. You will completely give up on this. Everything is filled. And what is the starting point out of control, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know he saw "Aliens on a Train"? The scenario is painfully bad, and the driving of the two dire directors. Someone with Levinson's experience should know better. Maybe someone will invent something to make this movie disappear. Wait, they already have.
