Jack Frost, not children, is not the warm-hearted family film about a father returning from the dead as a snowman. This is a sadistic murderer called Jack Frost, which is sprayed with an acidic liquid and turned into a killer snowman. It happened to me to get a copy of this movie so I can not help and laugh at it. A killer snowman? Ha, it sounds like a perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I was wrong, very wrong. Jack Frost is about a murderer who is transported by truck to prison to snack at midnight. But it is a snowy night and collides with a government tanker carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack just escapes to be burned to death by acid and morphs in a murderous snowman. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton where he was caught by a small sheriff of time. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a snowman with cooler powers. He can condense in water, shoot ice cycles like spears and grow killer throats. The only question is: who can stop Frost? This movie is below the typical B-Movie line. The film begins with cheese, but as soon as the Jack is acidic, it drains quickly below the cheese line and rotates. Action for one is scary! Here we have a whole casual cast of actors who can not act, act, but have a useless character, or are just here for a few extra dollars. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald who plays Jack. Looks like a young Richard Kiel combined with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance is reduced to just three minutes and everything we ever see about him is his new snow form and his wise voice. Plus his wisecracks are anything but funny. Groan, stupid and bad. The land is horrible! There have been many killers throughout history. A murderer in a hockey mask, a murderer with a shaving glove, a marauding chain, an old St Bernard, but are we now returning to a killer snowman? Oh, come on! And the way the characters are introduced are terrible. For somebody I really wanted to kill the son of the sheriffs, I mean I give my father anti-freeze vinegar in them so they will not freeze? All the characters are stupid and useless, and the deaths are cardboard. A woman pierced with Christmas lights and has her head broken in a box of decoration and a girl is killed to death in the shower (where is the carrot in that scene eh?). this terrible movie is the special effects. The first big special effect we have is that Jack's DNA is mixed with snow and the boy is terrible. I mean it looks like a 60-year-old fashion art, PU! And Jack looks fake. Looks like a person covered with rubber snow leather. All blood and gorillas are baffled, and the film never comes out with greatness but stops at low levels. Jack Frost is one of the worst movies ever made. I thought it would be a revolt, but no! Do not try to be funny and even try to be scary. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least makes me laugh at horror. You do not even bother with this piece of garbage. Jack Frost = D +
