This is a low budget spy of the spy type. To help you set your expectations, you must know that: (1) The actor is extremely difficult. The stars are very entertaining, giving them lines with exaggerated eye movements, frequent hand gestures and off-key rhythms. (2) The script does not deliberately have continuity and plausibility. Lines are often abruptly abusive and humorous, because they have absolutely no relevance to the previous partial elements. (3) Shots are often framed in off-balance angles, poking fun at excesses of gender. (4) A pop eye Jeff Goldblum offers complex and classic dialogue in a ridiculously winningly sarcastic manner. <br /> <br /> The film deliberately guides intelligence from a graphic item stolen from B-movies of the 1930s: a secret code with a structure that would defy Carl Sagan's explanation. The action above the film is mainly used for the comic effect in the first 90 minutes. In an early gang, Fay Grim Ned's son is so often told to go that he can not help chuckling while the bad feeling for the boy. The beautiful autumn choreography Parker Posey from the bed is also set a humorous tone at the beginning of the movie. <br /> <br /> The slow pace of the movie does not enhance comedy elements or theater elements that appear later. The impact of the film as drama is much diminished by the early comedy. Moreover, it is hard to be too involved with their characters and destinies when the first portions of the movie are so sarcastic. Partition is intentionally a heavy hand, and I found this (and the angle of the off-fitness room) more irritating than humorous. <br /> <br /> Over-the-top that acts, an unbelievable plot and almost incomprehensible to conspiracy / conspiracy, and slow rhythm will penetrate many viewers. The movie is too long in 158 minutes. That being said, fans who are receptive to the sarcasm of the film may want to look again ... using closed captions to best capture the intelligent intelligence of the dialogue. The film was too slow for me, and sarcasm felt harder than light-hearted. But the comedy could appeal to your tastes. The film is worth seeing for those who enjoy independent films, fans of director Hal Harley, or Parker Posey's followers (who has the most camera time).
