I did not see Henry Fool, but after seeing "Fay Grim" I'm not sure I want to. Perhaps Hartley wishes to be the director of the "anti-thriller" - he succeeded with this coat. On the basis of the official description, the woman discovers that her husband's manuscript contains material that could pose a threat to national security. I was expecting a tense geopolitical drama. Instead, I have a slim structure, a strange dialogue, scary characterizations, a complicated plot, and a "tone" that changes so often that it suggests that Hartley changed the scenario according to his mood at some point. I can hang on for a long time with a frustrating, hard-to-follow plot (for example, "Duplicity") because I realize that the free end will eventually end. Even when they do not do it or do it, but leave questions that persist (for example, Duplicity), sharp writing and action can keep their interest. But at halfway through the "Fay Grim" I have come to a moral realization - I did not know what was going on and I did not care. Too bad, because I really like Parker Posey, I've been here to work with an absurd part that has asked her to turn from an indifferent, alienated wife and indifferent mother, without blemish to an international capable "player" and psychologically. There is also a bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he is not able to overcome the CIA operative misconduct. It looks almost as inconvenient as I watched him. His CIA nest is worse; he looks like a refugee in the quarter-finals of "American Idol" (are they really young CIA agents with big hair pockets scratched on his forehead?). Then there is the sticky question of character ages. Goldblum was 54 when he did "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Fool," was 44 years old. They were neither made to look or look older than their real ages. However, a key point in the story is that they have served as CIA agents in Nicaragua "since the 1970s." The character of Goldblum would have been 20 years old; Henry Fool would have been a teenager. Was Hartley "weird" or lazy? Problems are too numerous to list ...
