I say "I would think" in this line because, frankly, I have never seen a Hal Hartley movie before. It's not that I did not hear about him because he was seen as one of those little NY directors (when I say I'm even smaller than Jim Jarmusch) who made ultra-personal projects with budgets limited. Ironically, as in Pasolo's Salo, though in a slightly different context, Fay Grim is interested in seeing some of Hartley's most appreciated features, because at least there seems to be a talent appearance behind him, as if Hartley * could be a very good filmmaker, who can be so good he did a great experimental gaff. Or, on the other hand, it could be just someone too impressed with his own idiosyncrasies and possible cinematic collisions like Godard. I can not explain the story too much, which may or may not be a problem, I think, but it is not really because he did not see the movie that preceded Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think, even if I had that experience, it would not have made much difference based on the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double plot wrapped inside someone else who fell through the fake pockets of the title character, played in a manner far away from Parker Posey (not sure whether it is good or bad either, maybe both) an agent operative CIA (Jeff Goldblum, as usually a solid presence in the midst of mania, even laughing), not to mention a box of orgy pictures and the author of Henry Fool. It is not the fact that the script is completely impenetrable, however much it will go into exaggerated gaps just for its sake, because there are some touches of spiritual dialogue or strange affects. Quite simply, the direction just sucks. Harltey is in love with the Third Man, which is good, but he imposes a style style that constantly induces everything that is angled, and the characters must come in as strange. Not since Battlefield Earth, in fact, a director has gone so annoying, trying to make unnecessary choice of angles called for a bizarre dramatic effect, but this time Hartley is not in the middle of a cluster-f ***, is more responsible for that. This, along with Godard's crazy titles, meet here and there, some funny and some simply stupid, and the assembly segments all in photos and a few moments involving an action that almost doubts Ed Wood , undermines any potential that is in the scenario, which is already quite difficult to decipher. In a way, it's fascinating to look at how bad everything is, but a kind of fascination that comes in seeing flip-side to total creative control over a small story. But tell them: you probably will not meet a more demanding example of American independent film this year.
