I do not think it can be done, but something came up and replaced Open House - a low budget horror about someone who kills the high price of real estate - as the worst movie I've ever seen in a short but otherwise sweet was portrayed as the best film of the most recent Montreal film festival, which makes me believe that any other entry should be made of naked walls accompanied by people who read poignant poems. > <br /> Watching this movie was like a small piece of Hell. She is from Austria and is trying to stumble in the footsteps of the short cuts and blue velvet on different characters living in a suburban area with a dark subbob. There is the owner of the fat dog and his caregiver who stripes him, his divorced husband, whose wife still lives with him in a house that includes the untouched room of his dead child, the hasty woman who annoys the top ten lists. The list goes on. Forever. Just like the two hours I spent in that theater. Yes, the characters interact, but not in an intelligent or interesting or even relevant way. I could not say if they were good actors because, after subtitles, they were given lines that were the Austrian equivalent of "You're so lame!" They certainly did not have to learn much, each repeating the same lines at least three times in a scene. There is no Gummo movie, none of the films mentioned above. There is no art to discover and nothing to remain, except that you should change your "never go out during the movie" policy (which many older couples did during a scene a random orgy - and if it sounds appetizing, it's not, if you are not one of the few who do not find the idea that your parents have sex and some local middle-aged couples to rebel.) was offensive to me. It is not flaky nudity, not the noise-causing soundtrack, not the shock-free scenes involving weapons. I was offended that someone spent money doing this when there are capable writers and filmmakers out there looking for funding. I was offended that someone outside the city could have gone to see the Dog Days and come to wonder if this was the best one we could find the Montrealers. Most of all, I was offended that in a way the people involved in the festival had deceived everyone to believe that the Emperor had a gorgeous and fascinating outfit when it was painfully clear that he was as empty as the servant's wife fat making a striptease. <br /> <br />
