I looked at this, because I thought there would be many cool cars and cool cars to think about. I think I was lying. This movie is very boring. The film starts with Kip Raines (Giovanni Ribisi) sitting in front of a Porsche dealer to see if he has the right car. When he confirms that it is correct, Kip removes a brick from the trunk and grabs it from the window, shattering it. He gets Porsche while his friend gets the keys. Start the car and take off in the night. They deliver it to a warehouse only after being followed by the police. So the entire crew shakes all the cars and goes in separate ways. Then we have a look at Memphis Raines. He gives a small speech to a bunch of kids on a go-kart track. Then he faces Atlee Jackson (Will Patton). Atlee tells Memphis that his brother Kip is in deeper *. Memphis is known as one of Los Angeles's most famous car thieves. Memphis heads for a rocket and meets Raymond Calitri (Christopher Ecclesten). This guy threatens to kill Kip if Memphis does not deliver 50 cars in 72 hours. There are a few problems with this movie: 1.Story: The first 48 in movie hours take place when Cage and Duvall are looking for a crew and are planning everything. The last 12 hours of the movie are a loss! <br /> <br /> 2. Cars: See maybe 10 cars out of 50, just like advertising the movie. So where are the other 40 cars? Why do not we see them? <br /> <br /> 3. Chase: Chase at the end of the movie was a joke. There was no suspense. <br /> <br /> 4. Dog: Somewhere in the movie, the dog eats burgers and swallows three keys. It's impossible. The gates were open. Keys would severely affect the esophagus, the stomach and the large intestine. Boys suggest giving the lax to the dog to help him take it. This will not work. The dog will have a lot of diarrhea, but no keys. It was said in Jackass after Ryan Dunne blocked a toy car in the rectum. Take laxatives, a lot of diarrhea, but no car. The same case with the dog. <br /> <br /> 5. Chase during Chase: When Eleanor breaks down for a few minutes, Nicholas Cage desperately tries to start the car. You see a police cruiser who does not look at his car. But even when Nicholas Cage starts the engine again, the police officer is head-turning to the right, sees the car and immediately begins to follow him. It's bad. So, even when he heard the engine and saw the car, he knew it was the car he was looking for. How does he know it's the right car? He only sees the back of it. Overall, the movie is boring. There is no action. There are very few cars. The film is bad. I never saw the original version, but I intend to give this movie a star of 10 stars. Take The Fast and Furious.
