WARNING: THE MAGAZINE CONTAINS SLOWING SPOILERS There is a parallel universe where Gone In 60 Seconds is an independent, dark, controversial film. Unfortunately, in this dimension, Gone ... is a gentle, gentle, moody testosterone full of moronfest with Nicolas Cage. For reasons not worth it, he and his great number of friends have four days to steal fifty expensive cars, of which only one has an alarm. This crew is made up of the funny-eyed guy who is rumored to be the new Superman; a guy who drove electricity into X Files; a former professional footballer and two black token men. <br /> <br /> Their enemies are cops, car rivals and Bilborough from Cracker, Manchester's accent suitably flattened and broadened for American audiences who are now accustomed to making this type from Daphne to Frasier. There is also Angelina Jolie, who does not get any character; just to be a receptacle for men's sexual desires. She and Cage should be some old, strange flames because they never have to approach a normal conversation throughout the 135-minute movie. In fact, the characterization is so weak that whenever anyone has a "moment," a violin plays in the background to accentuate the "emotion". There is no spoiler to reveal that Vinnie Jones (who recaptured Paul Gasgoine's famous "handball" maneuver and is quite menacing when silent) has only one line; not because his inability to speak is an integral part of the plot, but because his eloquent summary of the dubious morality of the film, after the whole path is deactivated, is fun. It would be. After striving to do it in "not-quite-but-to-do" London draw, Cage quips "I always thought you were from Long Island." My ribs, as you can imagine, were good and really squat. In fact, humor is the most undeveloped aspect, from the tactless comedian to the two black characters. This sees the biggest aspect of Hollywood. why is it possible that a black man can not appear in a major cinematic image without being aware of the tone of his skin and without referring to it? The youngest, who, like the old man, speaks all along, proclaims, "We, the black ones, do not like the cold ... we are tropical people." Then he continues to express his desire to smoke a commune and follow the roots. He, of course, parodies the image of the blacks, but how funny is that? His older counterpart can not speak without referring to himself and, therefore, to his color, to the third person. "My black ass" this, "my black ass". Does anybody know a black to talk like that? I did not believe it. The soundtrack of the film is played almost continuously and with an increasing volume, some of the tracks - especially the Apollo 440 "Do not Stop The Rock" - so loud that they are actually more hearable than the sound effects and dialogue. The surround system even separates the two so as to make them sound like two different movies running together. There is no concept of background music here, it is the aural equivalent of trying to watch a movie, while someone behind the cinema has its stereo in full swing. "Keep the music down, young man!" This is not the worst movie in the world and I liked it in many ways. It is just that he is predictable, lazy and mindless, with minimal effort in his construction. It seems that box office expectations are considerably low for this movie. After being fed for several years, it seems that the general public is beginning to wake up.
