This film should be shown to school students as an example of what NOT to be done. The original gave birth to a major tire, this terrible disaster breaks the cardinal rules of Bruckheimer's films, which is: we all know they suck, but they have great action. This movie has no action. This movie is BORING. Where are the cars? Where are the pursuits? Where's the tension? Where's the suspense? Where's the rush? Where!!?? It's not a movie at all, it's a bad advertisement. 50 cars in 24 hours? That's wrong. They have 3 days to steal them, the ad is wrong. How bad is this? The conductors that act are rigid, wooden and forced. The bastard, the policeman, the others ... who cares. They express their useless lines, serve the illogical plot. They will slog through her as best I can, as the music video director says: "Do not worry that we will make a lot of quick cuts and no one will notice how bad the movie is," or "we'll solve it with a lot Voice Music "Scenario is not at all a script, it's more of a list of clique with an end which is a total ripoff of: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 --- --- 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ Fugitive. The biggest murder of all is the uselessness of Vinnie Jones, man ... this is the worst and loudest mofo from Jules in Pulp Fiction. And what do they do? I make him a mute who is not in the movie! Make Vinnie, the bastard, and save the movie. How could it be so stupid? How? How? Why? The original film is very fun, with a cool trick at the end of which the driver moves away. The original has a wonderful 40-minute tracking it offers! Go find the original. Or, if you are really looking for a car, go RONIN rent. The chases in Ronin have raised the bar with which all the other car chases will be judged. Bruckheimer and Cage have all this money, all the resources, all the experience and can not even approach a movie made 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can this be? You feel as if you were kidnapped after seeing this movie. Where I was once excited to see Coyote Ugly, remember Titans and Pearl Harbor, now say: God help us all. <br /> <br />
