DR. SEUSS HOW YOU WILL GRAY CHILDREN / (2000) ** (out of four) If you want to see a holiday movie that will inspire the seasonal spirits and will continue the traditional fabula Dr. Seuss, do not see "Dr. Seuss" How Grinch Christmas. "If you are old enough to read this review, you probably are too old to get any kind of pleasure in this image. It contains a lot of colors, creative production design and imaginative set and costume construction, noisy tasks and the characters are made to look like the current inhabitants of Whoville's fictional village. Unfortunately, this is where the positive elements of the movie end, the rest of the production is nothing but an excuse for Jim Carrey to change his mind on the screen while giving a smile diabolically, all while penetrating through too wide a scenario, with nothing to do. Many people recognize the story of how the girder stole Christmas at Whoville, so I will not waste the time to write a detailed synoptic for you to read. all this, I will say that the story of the film is executed in three major acts: the development of the beam and the establishment, the Whoville Festival, and Dr. Seuss's vision of who robbed Who's Christmas. There are many known names in the credits here, but there are no familiar faces. As in "Battlefield Earth," I do not understand why manufacturers would hire expensive actors just to have their identities protected from unrecognized makeup and costumes. Irrespective of that, there's SNL's Molly Shannon like Betty Lou, wife of Bill Irwin, later playing Lou Lou, the father of little Cindy Lou starring Taylor Momsen. Jeffrey Tambor is Whoville Mayor, Anthony Hopkins gives his vocal voice to the narrator, and Christine Baranski is Grinch's lonely lost lover. Producers try to bring the originality of the story by adding unnecessary subplots and concentrating too little on Cindy Lou. The scenario of Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman feels like they're going everywhere in the film landscape; there is not much attention to director Ron Howard and the script is predictable, too broad and controversial. The only character given any differentiation here is Grinch himself, all the other characters are marionettes of the plot, unformed and uninteresting. The dialogue is too big and too agitated to be pathetic. Example-Grinch: Oh, Cine-manity! The redemption factors of the film reach talented designer Michael Corenblith, Rita Ryack costume designer and the wide makeup department. "How the Grinch Stole Lily" is a very good production. The sets and atmosphere created by the directors are detailed and imaginative; is that the audience is visiting a world like a dream. The Whoville people are plastered with makeup, to the point where we can not tell the actor recited lines without humor. Although they are dazzling, I really can not give credit to the shows, because they are much sought after by the costly technical department that takes their place. Jim Carrey is an actor I can talk about. Its performance is what almost destroys the film itself. He's too selfish as Grinch, too exaggerated and comic to let the story be close to being recognized as Seuss's work. Surprisingly, though there are some funny moments due to some intelligent sequences, no laughter comes from Jim Carry's stupidity. It's almost like the movie was written specifically for Carry to overestimate its role. This factor only leads the movie to a wild but brave comedy, which is just a pale shade of the original classic Christmas "How Grinch Christmas Stole." After this film, historians should check out the late author's coffin, Dr. Seuss might have rolled up in the grave. <br /> <br />
