(possible spoilers) Someone once asked Dr. Seuss if he could secure his film rights to his classic Christmas in 1957. He returned them, insisting that no one could not do better than the wonderful Chuck Jones TV special 1966 (also in his mind probably was his bitter experience writing the 1953 script, The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T). When Dr. Good died in 1991, his widow, Audrey Geisel, still stubbornly refused to sell film rights. But with the usual use of the effects of CGI becoming a reality, Ms. Geisel had a heart change. Universal made a generous offer he accepted; she also accepted the distribution of Jim Carrey as a title character. She is supposed to be happy with the final result. Well, Mrs. Geisel, that's what makes us one of us. The film received a $ 123,000,000 budget (which is more than the cost of the Heavenly Gate, including the inflation adjustment), which obviously makes makeup, set design and special effects (which are somewhat undermined by enough cinema of confusion). Unfortunately, it seems that none of this money has been set aside to get a better scenario than Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman (Who Framed Roger Rabbit's scribes who have done much better to use a budget picked up). While the special TV was a 26-minute gap without commercials, this movie is trying to fill a 105 minute running time with more background information about Grinch. Apparently, as a child, he was ridiculous, including a particularly humiliating experience, a Christmas at the age of eight. So it turns out that everything that makes our poor Grinch poor is directly because of Whos. The problem is that it looks like it's 105 minutes long, with too many dead wood stinking the story. Maybe it would not seem so bad if only Grinch would be more ... okay, Grinchy. The character that Dr. Seuss wrote and Chuck Jones later was animated was a cunning fox, whose slick attempts to divert the holiday season were undermined by his sudden (and exponential) heart rate change. Carrin's Grinch is a powerful, hyperactive crowd and sometimes a bully who, when he did the Cheermeister feast, pulled the city square into anger (we hope the landscape tasted just as good how it looked). This undermines the script's attempt to make Grinch more sympathetic, with all who are in Whoville so unintelligible (at least in this interpretation). Dr. Seuss's Whoville vision was a small town populated by honest people who knew in their hearts the true meaning of Christmas. The Whoville of the film is a rather noisy and crowded place populated by materialist, selfish, an obvious attempt to comment on American consumerism. This is offensive, as the cinema industry has benefited greatly from American consumerism, and this film has contributed to this campaign with a major merchandising campaign. <br /> <br /> <The film expands and redefines the character of Cindy Lou Who, a small but crucial character in the original. The two-year-old innocents who entered this Santa are now older and wiser, constantly questioning the false values ​​of Whos and trying to understand Grinch's point of view (a single major scene in the original is reintroduced , which makes it look devoid of character). She seems to be the only one who knows that Christmas is more than gifts and decorations, making him a completely different and more annoying person. <br /> <br /> Those who celebrate Christmas should accept earlier a piece of charcoal in their stockings on the morning of December 25th than a copy of this brutal, overly boring, weird, classic trial in a feature film. It turns out once and for all that darkness, vulgarity, manipulation and weight are inappropriate replacements for charm, intelligence, sincerity and heart. Universal people should collapse on their collective knees and thank God that this $ 123 million candy candy brought $ 260 million internally or would not be here today. In addition, Mike Myers made "The Cat in Hat" possible!
