If the Atlantis producers had something to say in this film, their theme was (literally) drowned by the emphasis on "special effects" on the characterization. Almost as if in an attempt to "keep up" with the rest of the summer action films, Disney dismantled the film's approach with a message in favor of a "shoot-em-up" Star Wars with stereotypes and villains. Art is a cartoon, and producers believe they can rely on computer-generated images (CGIs) of fish and fishing boats that fly to fill the gaps. They are wrong and the beautiful, crafted animation days are fast flying on the window in favor of the CGI assembly line. This movie is still heartless. Sometimes the film is getting closer to being a good, deserving but frustrating film to lose the sign so many times, by stopping talking about something meaningful and instead of choosing to go with glitz. Another problem with the film is the rhythm. It starts with confusion and then begins to explode along with a style of editing the story that is not appreciated. The audience is climbing the door alongside Milo Thatch (well expressed by Michael J. Fox) and is left to think that "there must be a bunch of things that will happen once we get to Atlantis." Unfortunately, there is not much happening. The secret of Atlantis remains a secret with storytellers who do not really know how to explain the legendary island / continent. She is afraid to commit to telling where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean? Who knows? Nothing is hypothetical, even from a purely fanciful point of view. The spectator will let the theater wonder: "Why was the movie?" Why did not Atlantis survivors remember how to read when many of them lived through disaster in "today's"? And why did Atlantis sink? and then begin to forget as soon as they saw it. There's nothing left to think or die ... except for losing money in their wallets. Their characters and motivations are equally impenetrable. From the eccentric millionaire who founded the expedition with apparently more money that existed on the entire planet in 1914, the collective consciousness (spoiler) entering Kida and VOLUNTARILY deserts its people! The crew is a collection of strange, two-dimensional, anachronistic (for 1914) P.C. race and sex. The Demolition Wizard talks about coming immediately from a Warner Brothers Bugs Bunny short. Most of the jokes are gross of a line, which are largely missed by the audience for two reasons: They are delivered to lightning-speed and usually mumbled. The way in which these supporters play a moral tower near the end of the film is hard to believe. While applauding Disney for trying to create animated adult films - and this is the first Disney to have no cute animals, talk or objects - fails to make the transition. Smaller children will be frightened by some of the action scenes and will be left in the dark by the large amount of subtitles (when the characters will talk about the Atlantean). In the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people are killed without a second thought. Obviously, Disney thinks if you did not know who those people were, then why should you care? Again, the film has no feelings on any level. Mulan and Tarzan were the latest animated films produced by Disney, which were performed very well. Unfortunately, Atlantis returns to those failed attempts of the past, such as the Black Boiler and the Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney has to go back to their roots. A continuum of Peter Pan will come out soon, but you never know what the results will be until you see him. And now that Disney has discovered Science Fiction, we hope they will realize that this guy needs more than a show for him. We also hope that the future "Treasure Planet," a sci-fi adaptation of Robert L. Stevenson's "Treasury Island", will have more heart to do than Atlantis: Lost Empire.
