Following is the usual formula to put a new recruiter - this time, the first African American (Cuba Gooding), after President Truman despises the Armed Forces - through the Black Sea Divers Training Program, which is led by a racist DeNiro) . If the program was not bad enough, it must be located in Bayonne, New Jersey. There is nothing wrong with the shows. Robert De Niro acts as the Southern accent and shouts in euphoria. Cuba Gooding, raised by an embarrassed father as a weak black farmer in the south, is the expected prognosis. The girls - hardly you can call them women - are Charleze Theron and Lonette McKee. They have minor roles and are especially there to claim that their men should exercise their common sense. Other performance artists - Powers Boothe and Hal Holbrook - have more superficial roles. That's about it. Almost anything else could be assembled by a computer. A ship is called a boat. Robert De Niro welcomes inside, uncovered. After a brutal attack on hospital staff, he was transferred from the costume instead of being caught. Someone shouts "I'm out of here" in the early 1950s. (Maybe it was a common expression at the time, if it is, "bad"). People are addressing each other by rank - "lieutenant," "Boatswain's man," "commander," as they do in the army; the navy are simple "Lord" (if an officer) or addressed by their family name (if they are enrolled). I did not bother to see if there was a rank of Senior Master Chief in 1950. Cuba Gooding has a tough line to jump. Everyone in the Navy seems to hate blacks, except for a guy in Wisconsin. He is stutter and is kept in contempt for others in his class. It's like the scenery of the "Animal House," in which the applicant of a tony brotherhood is asked to wait in a room with a sikh, a black man and a blind child. Gooding is a registered man, a small class officer. He manages to marry a beautiful woman who just graduated from medical school. In one of their arguments she pleads with him. She just wants to be a doctor and she should join her, give up the Navy and have a quiet life. "And let your life pass by?" He replied. Yes. Yes, be the wife of a doctor and let your life pass. You can take it off the Boca Raton Golf Course. These types of blows were quite common in the Second World War. "Bombardier," "Airial Gunner," something like that. As inexpensive as they often were, they had some educational features. You learned something about becoming a bomb or a gun. Here, the technical details are ignored, probably because the writer did not know anything about them (except for Boyle's law that I learned in high school chemistry). I could not follow what happened during some of the emergency situations without which a movie like this would not exist. If I have the correct mechanical problems, it was because I guessed correctly. Neither is the direction helpful. The film abounds in so many, so much that I miss any dramatic impact it could have. And emergency situations are confusing because they are sick. Why do you continue? Want to see a better example of this type of movie? Almost anything he will do - except perhaps "G. I. Jane," in which the hero is abused. Try the training camp scenes in "Young Lions". The victim here is Jewish. Or try "From here to Eternity," in which no simple sympathy buttons are pushed, and the victim is an older man who refuses to bend and who is active in bringing the conflict, just like "Cool Hand Luke". No slight apologies are given because light apologies are too easy. <br /> <br /> Very formal and not well done.
