I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was pretty bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I did not like it) because Hanna-Barbera did not produce it and took a drastic step away from old series. When I heard that "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get An Idea" was in the factory, I thought it might be better. But when I saw a little about how Scooby and Shaggy would appear, I knew this show would be bad, if not worse. I've been watching some episodes and believe me, it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" - Wannabe. They're no longer Scooby and Shaggy going out against people wearing masks of cool and frightening monsters who steal the banks. Now they go after a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have become even more courageous. Also, because Shaggy will NOT be vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian), Shaggy's original voice will NOT tell Shaggy. He will only tell Shaggy if he does not eat meat, and this was just a bad change made by the company to update the franchise, as if Internet jokes were not enough. So, Scott Menville (who previously expressed Red Herring on "A Pup called Scooby-Doo"), Shaggy's voice here. Believe me, the voice is very good! It makes Shaggy sound like a sparkle for 10 years and I have to agree that the voice fits in the safety of its new ugly appearance. However, Kasem DOES the voice of Shaggy Uncle Albert, which is kind of a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not look so good. He seems to have been designed to look more like CGI Scooby-Doo in live-action movies. Also, the voice of Frank Welker from Scooby (the need to mention Brain the Dog again?) Still did not improve. Robi, the robotic butler, is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny and has "comic" impressions and offers safety tips ("Remember the children, do not stay under the trees during a storm!") But do not fall into a Scooby-Doo cartoon. Again, the Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. However, in an episode, "Lightning Strikes Two," they use the thunder "Thunder Castle" during it almost to a great extent! (Although they still use newly recorded sound effects). Scooby-Doo does not use the "Castle Thunder" sound effects since 1991. But my question is, why use "Thunder Castle" on "Shaggy and Scooby Doo Get a Clue," while NOT using it on direct-to-movie -Video or even "What's New Scooby-Doo!" (Two WNSD episodes used it, and unfortunately it was not enough.) If the WNSD and DTV movies would have used them, it might be better than this cartoon. The day that this show was premiered, I watched the first episode and it was so bad I stopped it after just five minutes! To get my mind off this poor show, I hired "Scooby-Doo, Ahoy Pirates!" which came out at the same time. And you know what? The movie "Pirates Ahoy" was actually better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it seems that the new models that the characters have are not permanent at the franchise. The direct videos to video coming out while this show is used by the typical character's designs, fortunately. But no matter if you loved or hated "What's new about Scooby-Doo," I do not recommend it. But if you hate the old series, then you will love it! (Oh, god, I hope the old Scooby-Doo cartoons stay better than this new $ # *%!) Anyway, like WNSD, a very bad addition to Scooby's canon.
