Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the simplest, most successful and beloved cartoon characters in the world. So what happened when you were everywhere and you did everything with the formula? Did you start well? Wrong. Stop production and let it rest for a decade, then run it again, keeping the heart of the core of intact success. I mean, stick to the formula for the most part, but add the special flavor. This for me is why "What's New Scooby Doo" has worked, wanting to return to the classic formula Scooby Doo, which has reappeared successfully with a decade earlier in "A Pup named Scooby Doo", but in the highest part was not hit by the original "Scooby Doo where you are". The first sign (for me) of a poor offer is the inclusion of foreign characters; there may be some pleasant memories from previous iterations, but generally, if you think "Scooby Doo" do not think about Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Even worse, the exclusion of other core members of "Mystery Inc" generally indicates a group of production people who do not understand from the children's point of view what the show looks like. The basic premise has always been a group of people who oppose diametrically to gather and through their own stereotyped individual qualities manage to overcome the tasks that are available at hand. This next paragraph is just my theorization, so skip if you want to: I hope I can explain why I think I see around the basics of the show are detrimental to my interpretation of what the band is and how they contribute to the whole; Fred is the driver, I think Fred's overall goal is to give the group direction, organization and sub-tasks. Fred is not a happy, lucky teenager, he's your boss, your teacher, your father, your figure of authority. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven by tasks (the problem is always equal to the solution for Fred). In many ways, Fred is Shaggy's antithesis. Shaggy is your best friend, that guy who is just less afraid of things than you, lets you be courageous, not to be behind the pack. Shaggy represents emotion and often displays emotional extremes from emotion to fear. Velma is rational, logical, but as we see in time and again in the show, she needs clues that are for the most part gathered in pieces by the other members of the show. Did he let Velma solve a mystery? The group is often found in situations where the truths are not obvious and only by chance encounters they can get the information they need to complete their task, the chance is represented by Daphne. At one point (I think it is the first Scooby Doo series), it was known as "dangerous". Writers used Daphne to link unrelated events by accident. It is often the one that finds the secret door, the collection of objects or other details that can help identify the bandwidth. Finally, he himself represents us, the participant. He is always at the heart of the events, capable of all the things that the rest of the band is capable of, but handicapped because he is not human and just as we do, the television viewer is not able to really participate. Scooby Doo works because all these personalized problem solving elements are instantly identifiable and entertaining. Maybe I've finished thinking about things, but in my life I've seen a lot of Scooby Doo years old self-proclaimed, kind of rolls with territory). For me there is a classical magic "Scooby Doo" that should never be confusing. As many have shown; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art, nor is it completely tricked, it falls into the category of programming that can be watched by young eyes with a consistent bowl of breakfast cereals. The encounter with gross simplicity turns it into something else, a little less.
