First, let's get out of the way. . . yes, this movie steals a lot of "Darkness Falls" (2003). The plan for "Darkness Falls" resembles the following: The toothbrush, a murderous woman hiding her face from a disfigurement, kills people who look at her for vengeance. In 'The Fairy Tooth' (2006), Perfect Fairy (which, yes, hides her face) triggers her angry revenge on any person. A bit too similar to be a coincidence. But what you need to ask is this: If you steal the plot exactly from a movie, why would you choose something mediocre, such as "Darkness Falls"? Sure he made a few dollars at the box office, but that was strictly for a rather theatrical film experience delivered. A low, simple, and video budget movie will not have the same effect. And he did not. As I looked at the opening of the film for fifteen minutes, my expectations actually grew. There seemed to be at least one production value. The story did not look terrible, but only angry. Past at the first scene, we get a character career, including an ex-secretary doctor (played by the guy who looks like a Busey) and a hot veterinarian (Jenifer from "Masters of Horror: Jenifer" from Argento). After these few minutes, the movie goes slowly down. It serves all the horrific basic clichés, including, but not limited to: a mad person with an unimaginable warning, the stupid junk, the psychic jockey and the gold heart striker. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest problems this film has had was its inability to unite with a target audience. It's kind of like the filmmakers wanted to change the tone for any character was on the screen at that time. When the adults were on the screen, he felt more mature. When Star (striker) and chief (jock) were on the screen, the dialogue went down to a more stupid level, err immature. When the baby was on the screen, it felt like an episode of "Are You Afraid of Darkness?" . . just less frightening. Technically, the movie is everywhere. The visuals range from pretty good to boring simple. Writing is like the one that acts for the most part. On the plus side, there are some excessive gore on the sides (including a pretty cold (but painfully predictable) scene) and a pretty vicious scene. Also, if you are looking for sexy stuff, there is a short top scene (but if you want to see this topless rifle, there are better movies to do it). Besides, it's not too much to bother you when it comes to this movie. If you are a big fan of "Darkness Falls" (does not exist?), Maybe you can check it out to see the story made in a different way. . . but that's the only reason I can see him. <br /> <br /> Verdict final: 3/10 -AP3-
