When I saw the film cover, the first thing I thought was that it was done for the video. The second thing that came to my mind was how similar it was to another terrible movie, Darkness Falls, the story of this simple witch who killed the people in the dark. Unfortunately, Darkness Falls was pretty masterpiece compared to this pile of rubbish, and this movie should not have been done. The film begins with a little story about witch backs, or more like a useless introduction of two young children who are going to go to meet tooth fairy in the hope of giving them a bright new bike for their tooth. The opening is poorly film-coated, and like the rest of the film, it's certainly not scary. Currently, the film is about Peter (Lochlyn Munroe). Peter rents his house, and his ex-girlfriend Darcy (Chandra West) and her daughter Cole come to stay there. Cole meets a neighboring child and talks about the Tooth Fairy and how you will not lose your tooth, or it will come for you. Unfortunately, seconds later, it seems that Fairy Fairy steals the motorcycle and beats her tooth (How ironic). Will Cole survives the wrath of Zina's tooth and her mother and Peter will save her and refresh her romance ... this is a bad movie, you'll probably figure it out. One of the main problems with this idiotic movie is how the Tooth Fairy is not defined. It is said to kill you if you lose your tooth, but it is not. It's more like a serial killer who kills randomly and if you lose your tooth, you will certainly go. She steals a bicycle, so he seems to be a thief. I said earlier that the idea for this movie is based on Darkness Falls, but where did they inspire the look of Zana Fairy? See. She looks like a burned victim, and she went around the neighborhood, sacrificing the kids. Hmmm ... it's almost like a fake interpretation of Freddy Krueger from "Nightmare on Elm Street". And this is not the worst part of this terrible misery, the climax is. This movie could have the loudest climax (not literally ridiculous for it seemed worse than funny) that I've ever seen. You do not see that. Just a little trivia. Lochlyn Munroe was in the Scary movie, and Jianna Ballard was in Scary 3, and both were in the movie, so apparently Scary Movie stars are forced to end their career with terrible evil movies. : 1/2 of ****. 80 minutes. R for violence.
