Darcy and her father, Pamela, head for the country where his mother's friend, Peter, left his doctor's post in the city to become a writer and set up a breakfast and breakfast inn. Although this inn has a terrible past and Pamela finds out from a little girl living in town, a deformed witch once lived in that house. They called her "Tooth Fairy" as she would kill the children after they took their last tooth for the children. This work at the inn, aroused "Fairy tooth". Now she has her view of Pamela and her latest tooth for babies, but if something happens, they face the same fate that awaits Pamela. This ancient mythological myth of "Tooth Dentition" paint it in a very generous way, as you would think when you were a child. I just do not love happy childhood memories in nightmares! Another one that went into the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can not compare how similar they are in the premise, because I did not see the latter, but for the most part I read that they basically have the same idea. For a direct DVD movie, this DTV effort looks good and has some promising images that surround the device meaningless and traditional by the plotting device of the book. Low expectations are needed, because I would not have considered it a success, but it seemed fun to me. Cory Strode and Cookie The story of Rae Brown or the background for this character "Fairy Fairy" is completely empty with her more inclined towards a slasher vehicle than something truly supernatural. Foolishness is a good way to describe what is happening in this fairy tale scripture, but it never feels like a fairy tale horror. Dialogues may seem pretty redundant and morally fed. While the act is simply sub-par with the gentle characters they have to work on, but director Chuck Bowman offers some inventive blood splatter and terrible ugly shocks. This compensates for the lack of suspense, zero scarring and generic tone. His direction is reasonably serious and capable of visual viewing, where he receives an atmospheric light that contrasts well with his slick picture. The promising opening scene is very effective. His pacing may slow down in the parts and is the weird and useless scene of slow motion but he never gets too stodgy with some active activity that made me feel bored. special effects of make-up provided the goods are quite repulsive and the appearance of the smile is particularly difficult. The figure in the Tooth Fairy may look threatening in its black robe, clogging makeup and fast movements. Being in place helps to sculpt a more natural sensation and can get rich in the atmosphere in the sense of greatness. Actor actors can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent in her role. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are somewhat solid, but they can be a bit causative in their performances like Peter and Darcey. Carrie Anne Fleming is one of their tenants. PJ Soles looks to a small extent as a superstitious neighbor trying to warn them of the evil that's hiding in the inn. I thought it was a trick of time that has a sound concept that just is not quite fulfilled and the execution is pretty handy stuff. Nonsense visible but at the same time extremely forgetful.
