The Tooth Fairy is located in a small town somewhere in Northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) brought an agricultural property he renovates and plans to turn into a holiday inn with his girlfriend, Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) and her 12-year-old daughter, Pamela (Nicole Munoz), who get help over the weekend. While exploring the property, Pamela meets another young woman named Emma (Jianna Ballard), who warns her that evil is hiding in her new home, tells a story about an old witch, known as the Tooth Fairy, children and kill them. Pamela is worried and gets even more when she falls off her bike and her last baby tooth falls, not long before the evil ghost of Smile has eyes on Pamela's tooth, and just for blows, she also decides to Kill Whoever Comes Over ... Directed by Chuck Bowman I thought the Goddess Fairy was just another direct holiday movie to a low-budget movie that fails to distinguish from the countless others that store shelves garbage & to fill the night late obscure cable television programs, basically is not very good. Producer script Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze-fest for the first 40 strange minutes, nothing of any particular interest has happened at all at this time and is basically a boring exposition as though things would go to surprise anyone. Introduce the character, put the legend "Tooth Fairy" and that's it. The second half of the film is slightly improved, but even then it's a spectacular thing, there are some decent scenarios, except that there are extremely predictable and forgotten things. The character is not great and most are simply killed, the story has inconsistencies as the story of the Smile dynamics, she says she kills the children after they have given her teeth, so why does she go on a non-discriminatory killing syndrome that has nothing to do with her, to do with your teeth? What happened to her after the prologue set in 1949? Why did he come back like a ghost? Despite the fact that it is a ghost of a kind, it seems to be very humane to open doors and use weapons to kill people, there is no attempt to make use of supernatural elements, except for ghost children playing for maximum sentiment. <br /> <br /> Bowman is OK, it's pretty well done, and there's a few decent scenes, but there's nothing excited about it. There is nothing to describe as scary or atmospheric here, and do not take into account the comparisons between this & Darkness Falls (2003) because, in addition to being very different teeth. Gore is OK, someone is pushed into a woodcutter, it's a beheaded, someone has the cut cock and the best scene when someone is hung at a door and then has their stomach hacked open with an ax and intestine slide out . With an estimated budget of about $ 1,500,000 The Fairy Tooth is generally well done, but there's nothing special here. The actor is not great at all, but it's not too bad and unusual to find the child's actors that are annoying, so that's what I suppose. Toothbrush is common only below average, low-budget modern direct-to-video horror fare, which seems everywhere these days, if you can find a cheap copy then it could pass 90 odd minutes if you do not too demanding otherwise is quite poor & forgotten stuff.
