I should have known when I looked at the box in the video store and saw Lisa Raye - for me, she's the female Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" for the * ANY * movie. His almost guaranteed film * will be bad (for example, Congo) if Hudson is in it (except for Ghostbusters movies that were deliberately campy and evil). In spite of my instinct and the fact that I just saw the civilian brand, yet a movie tour of force with Lisa Raye, I hired her anyway. After all, I ignored "my Hudson instinct" on OZ and I came to see a series of quality, so I thought to give this film a chance. If you're an amateur of bad movies, it's a definite one you have to see! This must be the most unintentional funny movie I've seen in a bad time. The meeting is quite simple: Racheal's sister (Monica Calhoun) is killed by a band of burgers (led by Bobby Brown!) And, like many action movies before that, she slammed her LUASTEAZA weapons and promised to revenge her dead sisters. To do this, she reassembles the Rose Gang (supposedly based on a true story about a female band) and they come out and take revenge exactly, and there is a subplot or something about the gold on the road that could be buried in the city. A nice thing I will say about this movie is that from what I could say, the stars made their own trips and showed FREE galloping. The funniest scenes (funny unintentional bleach)? Look at the introduction of the character of Stacy Dash, or when Calhoun's character withdraws his promise not to bind him to his weapons (full of a bloody cry in the sky) or to Lil 'Kim's character joking with the character of Lisa Raye or with the character of Stacy Dash being killed or Lil "Kim's character convinces Lisa Raye's character to join the band or Asian Chick or Macy Gray who talks about" debt is paid ", etc. With the exception of Calhoun's Rachel and his Bobby Brown, I do not even remember the names of the other characters in the book I laughed so hard when they were introduced If the director would have gone for parody and wide comedy, this movie would have been great, but unfortunately he tries to take it seriously apparent without taking the first exhibition, a sound design (in his defense, Hip-Hop is a notoriously difficult to work in an epoch), scenography, script writing and history research that (whether I was the cleanest people with the most white teeth in the old West?) seriously. Usually, when I see a movie that is not so good, I wonder, "Could you do something better?" This is the first time in a long time when the answer is "YES!" Unequivocal.
