Why were so many people gathered one evening at the San Francisco Film Festival in Roberto Moreira's "Up Against Them All"? "It's a hit man," my friend said. "Well ... and Brazil," I added. Beautiful multicolored people, tropical weather, lush rhythms and a hip gangster hat? Undoubted ample threats. Someone forgot to tell us a little detail: this is a very bad movie, really quite horrible, and unpleasant to look at as badly done. <br /> <br /> So, how did "Todos Contra" make the rounds of Berlin, Melbourne, London, Manila, Stockholm, Cairo, Chicago, numerous smaller local festivals and now San Francisco? Apparently, because of the way the promotion process and the film festival circuit work. First, he won the first prize at the Rio Film Festival, where he was named the best Brazilian film of the year. It must have been a bad year; they had much, much better. Then, the cataclysm in the catalogs and the imaginary buzz lead to crowded auditors, and - since the movie is not present anywhere, and thus avoids careful examination by critics - he continues to go round. to promotion, sometimes they do it a lot. A Chicago festival called "Contra Todos", "a speedball cocktail shot directly from Brazil," and referred to Claudia's lover as "the head of the neighborhood as a carol". Soninha is "Teodoro's daughter, like older elderly, elderly female". The film is "shot with the urgency of a camera often held in hand" and the director "realizes a genuine and palpable feeling of frustration caused by despair and domestic decay." The effect is "unbearably gross and honest," and the film revolves "towards a conclusion that has ceased as the exposed life." It is not the best writing, but it certainly increases the enthusiasm for a potential viewer. "Contra Todos" refers to a hit man, two men actually struck a wife and daughter and a newly born beloved Christian. He is shot - in a highly ugly digital film without talent behind the room - especially in a poor suburb rather than in one of the "favelas" families or villages such as "They were made black Orpheus" , "Pixot" and "the city of God", not in Rio this time, but in São Paulo. The man struck with family problems is Teodoro (Giulio Lopez) partner with a drug problem is Waldomiro (Ailtan Graça). Both actors have little television experience, as do the actress interpreting Teodoro's blonde wife Cláudia (Leona Cavalli) and Silvia Lorenço, who plays Soninha's daughter, ready to revolt. These actors could pass through the back corners of some telenovela. Who knows? - In a better directed movie they might even be good. Besides, there are some young people who were injured by Teordoro or, when busy, gangs of criminals. The main ones do not have much presence, even if the camera increases its pores. Some observers, one at the Berlin Festival and one in London, saw the failures of this film, but unfortunately buried in the hinterland. Henry Sheehan remarked in Berlin that "the movie" (his quotations) was "the worst of the video work" shown. "The director seems to have chose the film just because it was a cheap film alternative," Sheehan wrote, "and did not make any creative use of the new medium" - nor adds anything else creative. /> <br /> Sheehan highlighted the first big mistake of the film: "It starts as an internal drama that should cool when, over half an hour in action, Moreira reveals that the father and one of his friends are professional in the expectation of the thirty minutes does not add anything to the film, it seems to be a perfectly arbitrary decision and it is, at least, a waste of time, but everything that Moreira does is like a kid who received a set of tools for his birthday birth, and going around striking everything in sight without rhyme, reason or understanding. "Devastating but true. Writing about the 2004 London festival for Kamera.com, Metin Alsanjak tried to look at the positive side, but still gave up the lack of ransom of features in calling "easy to shoot the best feature". Yes, very easy, since anything else is so bad. Alsanjak admitted that "this low, violent and frightening account of those without the Sao Paulo law is devoid of pleasant characters and as a result of hope. Too dark and cynical to be a story of the human condition, the film does not is helped by weak subtitles. "Alsanjak linked Contra Todos with" Dogme "and Mike Leigh did not help things. Except for that half an hour that has no meaning, where nothing redeems the boredom of our expectation of the first acts of violence - which, when they came, only "strike everything in sight without rhyme, reason or understanding" - Moreira tries to -and redeems the end suddenly by adding what appears to be outtakes immediately after that, followed by an inexplicable ironic scene in which one of the characters marries. Undoubtedly, the director wanted to expose the "banality of evil" to men who were hit lower in the working class neighborhoods, but he can not make the characters he generically see to come alive for us. And the structure of the film shows that he can no longer edit his material. <br /> <br /> (Seen at the International Film Festival in San Francisco on April 28, 2005)
