Do not get me wrong, it's a terrible, cliché movie, but it's a delight for Olivia Hussey's fans - probably the most poisonous beauty ever to plow the silver screen. A poster said it was unpleasant to look at her - I wonder what his ideal woman looks like - the bitch of Hil Paris? Blockbuster should really set a sub-genre for this type of film because the plot of fatal attraction has become a genre itself. When will the Blockbuster Adult section be adopted? It will fit fairly nicely between drama and action sections, right? This movie revolves around Olivia Hussey, who spends a night of passion with an unstable yacht owner who would have killed his ex-wife, who looks remarkably like Mrs. Hussey. This makes us go well to stalk Olivia and thus make her hell-alive life. I like Olivia Hussey, but I have no sympathy for the characters in the movies that cheated on their husbands, so I really was not rooted for Olivia to make this vice alive. VIOLENCE: $$ (Don Murray and Anthony John Denison get involved in a fisticuffs when Denison says he will not stop seeing Olivia, Murray's wife, because he's too good in bed, a shooter and might (Olivia is the Queen of Short Nudity and supplies a little here with Anthony John Denison and also has a shower scene - shot from a distance). STORY: $ (I saw this plot before - a hundred times more and often done much better. Guilty when trying to decipher why this movie was a stupid one, it's William Riead. sophomoric and moronic. Man does not have narrative skills and fails to build his faith human reaction to plot. These people, in the upper strata of society, speak like children from middle school - with a habit of sleeping in I put Riead on the Never-to-Be-Viewed Again list). ACTING: $$$ (The act was not called, insiders say, but much of Riead's juvenile script has been blocked Olivia Hussey appeals to Anthony Jonh Denison to call "strange" and "crazy" before him when he begins to treat Hussey, which is still beautiful, he offers the best performance here but Denison was equal to the role of Don Murray, in reality - his character was not debated, and Edward Asner, a terrible actor when he received something with substance, is badly used in this movie).
