On the surface, "Show Me The Money" should have at least one full season. You've always had William Shatner as a host, surrounded by a dozen beautiful legionary baker's designs collectively called The Million Dollar Dancers. You had competitors who had interesting stories telling them about their lives and who probably knew a lot of pop culture trivia. And you had big money! So what happened? <br /> <br /> The format of this game was the failure. A good play requires at least two of the three things: very simple rules, exciting stimulation, and the spectator's ability to play at home. The best, the most sustainable have all three. Unfortunately, SMTM had none. The rules for this game were among the most complex of any of the first-ever game events in history. Let me try to explain how the game worked as soon as possible. A competitor started with a single word or a short sentence followed by letters A, B and C (subnet of a network?). Each letter was linked to a separate question, all starting with that word or phrase. Once a contestant chose one of the letters, they could either answer this question or pass and select a second letter. If they did, they followed the following question and had the same option. However, if they have passed the second question, they have been asked to answer the third option. After responding and before finding out if their answer was correct, they then had to select one of the 13 dancers on stage, each with a different amount of money in a scroll on their side. They have revealed their amount in dollars (ranging from $ 20,000 to $ 250,000) and depending on whether the competitor has answered correctly ... or mistakenly ... that amount will be added to or dropped out of their pot. with me so far? In addition, there was a dancer who kept something known as "The Killer Card". If you selected the Killer Card Player and you were right, you were safe and the game continued. If, however, you were wrong, you had a final answer. If you have made this final question wrong, you have come out of the game. If you did, then the game continued. There was no waiver or money travel until you answered the six questions correctly or you got six wrong questions or if you were so far in the hole that you could not earn enough money to get out outside. I understand? Good! <br /> <br /> The biggest problem, as we have seen, was a total lack of tension due to the design of the game. A competitor could pass questions that they did not know and answer many of the questions they knew, making the pressure even less. Then they could still find a small dollar, even after having knowingly lost a question, which meant that there was no "drama." And the fact that they were able to answer five wrong questions and still have the chance to win was a big mistake. The use of the questions was a lethal one: often the questions were so obvious, it was ridiculous to try to think tension, as if there was any doubt about some of the most common answers. Pacing, the lack of real tension at any time of the show and the very complicated rules prevented this program from running despite Sharp's terpsichore talent.
