I do not see enough TV shows to understand the show "SHOW ME THE BENEFIT", but I suppose it has an appeal for an unusual audience. Apparently a questionnaire show, gives competitors big sums of money to answer a few simple questions. However, its questionnaire elements only play a small part in the procedure, which seems complicated to me. For example, before answering a question, a competitor selects what question will be asked by choosing between "A", "B" or "C" random choices. Is this the purpose of slowing the game? It would be much faster to start with "A." Competitors can submit questions, but they have to answer one of the three questions in each category. After answering a question, the competitor is asked to "block" the response - another tactic of delay. The next task of the competitor is to name what a woman of about a dozen go-go dancers in the cages is to show a card indicating how much the question is worth. An accurate answer adds the dollar card value to the competitor's running total; a wrong answer decreases the same amount. This time-consuming step has in fact an entertaining value as it allows the audience to look closely at the expensive and uniformized dancers. Meanwhile, the competitor is reminded that an unfortunate selection of the "criminal card" will end the game instantly. This naturally causes the competitor to sweat and causes further delays, as the nervous competitor contemplates the sudden loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars. My suspicion is that the possibility of a sudden disaster is the appeal of the main audience of the show. Meanwhile, the whole process is slowed even further by a lot of empty banter between host William Shatner and the competitor, along with occasional routines by home dancers. All of these delays burn so long that audiences may forget what the initial question is until the right answer is revealed. A typical 30-minute episode of JEOPARDY passes through up to 60 questions. The first 30 minutes of the SMTM we watched went through just six questions (many of them belonging to other TV shows). No one in the right mind could watch this show, because it's fun to play together answering home questions. This leaves three possible reasons for watching the show. <br /> <br /> A. To see how a competitor responds that he is about to win a million dollars, just to lose everything in one stroke. <br /> <br /> B. Look at gorgeous young women who practice sexually suggestive dance routines. C. To enjoy the brilliant banter of William Shatner. My choice is "B," but women are not long enough to justify suffering in one hour of this show.
