Why would anyone want to see that ?! If it was a teenage video posted on YouTube, I would have applauded the teenager in doing so much with her mother's video camera. I would also like to congratulate my family and friends for doing a good job. Unfortunately, it was made by a highly experienced filmmaker and they were apparently professional actors - making this film very sad. Sad ... and very pathetic, in fact. As I said, it has a definition made directly in watching the video about it. It also has narrative and action that just call "unprofessional" - how could that be ?! The film is full of many bodies and blood. Normally, this would completely disable me because I hate ultra-violent movies and I do not like to see everything I like. However, since none of them is realistic, it is bearable. However, I should warn you that there are some scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, the scene with the child throwing a radio in a lady's tub and watching it naked and fried is bad enough. There are also scenes where you can hear the thought of psychos as their fantasies about killing women. With a level of misogynism that's pretty awful. people who have written this are sick enough - such as killing women is meant to be for our entertainment. After a bunch of senseless crimes, the movie goes to a dining room table - around which a hole pocket carrying black hoods without eye holes! They spoke proudly about all the crimes they committed and sang. Everything is very funny though I'm not sure it was the purpose of the scene. Then the film discusses various crimes and sexual offenses and even vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know - maybe because they did that crash as crazy. And again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a frightening German man, while he follows people and kills them. By the way, considering the film to be used by professional actors, I wondered why so many people who were clearly German were chosen. While trying to behave like the Americans and the film should have been in California, the accents are STRONG. Perhaps the German audience followed this and wondered how "realistic" the act was, but for any American it is obvious that these people are not their American colleagues! Considering that there really was a zodiac killer (who was never captured), I wonder why someone would want to make a "fan movie" of the kind of sickness threat! I mean ... was this movie a perverse movie? I can not see anyone else who wants to see this or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what would motivate someone to make a bad and offensive movie ?! It does not deserve and deserves to be on the list of 100 IMDb movies.
