Well, as Goethe once said, it is not at all important to try to make a negative judgment that aspires to be objective on "something that has had a great effect." "La Maman et La Putain" has certainly gone through history as an influence on many things made in France and elsewhere in the last thirty years, and nobody interested in the history of the film should certainly be discouraged follow. However, in order to express a purely subjective judgment, I feel compelled to disagree with almost all of the other reviews here and tell people: "Do not look at it, it is a loss of hours in your time that will let you feel quite sick and angry. " And by this I do not mean "sick and angry" about "human condition" or something so general and profound as this one, because that is exactly the line that most critics have adopted in their film praise - " an attempt to look into the ruthless dissection of our cowardice and emotional cruelty, "and so on - and if he were to really convey such a universal or even broadly relevant message, then the director would have good reasons to content himself with , however pessimistic his conclusions are. My beef with the film is rather that I do not see this record of long hours of naked vanity and little betrayal as justified or excused by any relevant GENERAL message. All three main characters are profoundly moral unattractive individuals: Alexandra in the highest degree, of course, because we see by far the most of it and because it rarely closes for more than thirty seconds; Marie probably at the smallest degree, because we see the least of it. Alexandre's affectionate and pretentious monologues have a kind of fun, of course, but the fun wears as it becomes clear and clear that Jean-Pierre Léaud fails to act and that with absurd observations like "a homme I just drink a movie by Nicholas Ray, "he was just the reproduction of word-for-word opinions that were accepted as authentic and profound by the environment in which he, along with director Eustache, had been living for about ten years in time of film making. I suppose if the tone of untidy superficiality and triviality over 100% of the film had been sustained, it might have functioned as a long comedy of sardony with regard to a particularly low, no-value milieu and despised. But what this viewer, at least extremely angry about the director, was doing was at least a long scale to each of Alexandre and Veronica, where we are clearly expected to empathize and feel for them as if would have shared a moral universe with us. If a man can let himself live in the apartment and argue that he loves a woman, sleeping (especially in this apartment) with another and running around Paris, proposing marriage with another third, well, I suppose I can good luck in the dog-dog-dog world she chose to create for herself. What I can not, however, in all of my consciousness is to even listen for a moment to the monks of maudlin from him in which he speaks of his "anxiety" and "despair". The same is true for Veronika, even more disparate, that we see the drunken man in the apartment and even the bed shared by Mary and Alexandre and behaving there with an infantile inconsistency equivalent to the wildest cruelty and heart. As I say, if "La Maman et La Putain" is nothing but a portrait of Alexandre, Veronika and Marie, three people whom no decent person would ever admit to their company, I suppose there is some sort of the legitimacy of praising the director for being "untidy" (though you should feel even "scary" once someone has consciously chosen to create so repulsive characters that they can see that I can not imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and seems to have succeeded in convincing generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronica and Marie are somewhat representative of human beings in general and of the limits of the emotional capacities of human beings. This last idea, however, is silly and offensive. There may indeed be an inherent error and a tragedy in human relations in general and in sexual relations in particular. But the nature and degree of this error and tendencies to tragedy can only be determined by people who make a sincere and serious effort to make such relationships work. Certainly he does not need cinematic or authoritarian genius to convey the information that a man who behaves like Alexandre will end up ugly, miserable and alone, or that women who insist on waiting for love from a man like Alexandre will end up disappointed and bitter. Watch "La Maman et La Putain" if you are interested in the past about what went on for culture and human interaction in a certain Parisian environment in '68, which unfortunately was probably not limited to just a few particularly antisocial types . But please do not make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here is of general relevance to mankind in the way that a film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese could be sustained.
