This is easily the worst movie I've ever seen. I do not exaggerate, I told the Blockbuster guy he should get him off the shelves. The only interesting thing about this movie is the box. The box says "from the boogeyman director", so I thought ... oh, whatever, if this has been done recently, I'm sure the direction will not be too bad: - \ but after seeing the movie and looking at what the "boogeyman" they were talking about, they are stupid from the early 1980s that they did. An excellent way to chase unsuspecting audiences. I think he just liked the name "Killer Zodiac" and did not bother to investigate any of the current offenses of the Zodiac or MO, or even the years when he was active. All the crimes they were talking about had nothing to do with the Zodiac, and the "stories" about the original Zodiac took place a few years after the actual Zodiac crimes were committed. They also compare Zodiac with Fritz Haarman's "Dusseldorf Vampire" throughout the film and speak frequently with Fritz's "son". Zodiac and Haarman were not the same, and it's more logical to compare it with BTK who also shot people, not a man who killed people by chewing through his neck. None of Haarman's deeds are correct, but just a bunch of offensive nonsense. His son even says, "Do not forget, his name was Fritz Haarman with 2 t" ... His real name has only one! I think the writer / director just wrote in a google search for serial killers and the fastest ones that came were Killer Zodiac and Fritz Haarman. "Ooh sounds like great names, to make a movie about them without doing research outside the house! Good idea!" Perhaps my favorite inconsistency in this film is how both the experts and the young killer describe the suffering of DSM-IV and heal it. "We were also diagnosed with DSM-IV and recovered", etc. For those of you who do not know, DSM-IV is the psychological manual for mental disorders. If someone suffers from the book themselves, then they have to have serious problems! Haha. Anyway, my point is that this goes to the bottom of my top 5 worst movies in the time list, and it's rare that a movie ever gets to that point. But if you're interested in watching a totally non-facto story about serial killers, which is nothing more than boring, full of inexperienced actors and not completely rational, I'd say you're visiting this movie. <br /> <br /> ... Oh, and I liked how the killer "tear" got some of his dry ice victims. Beautiful touch ...
