Well, I'll start with good points. The film was only 86 minutes, and some of them were so bad it was funny. Now for the low points. My first warning sign came with a real "warning" on the movie. When it started, the following text was displayed: "The movie you are viewing contains graphic and disturbing images, because contrary to the popular belief that is killed, it is neither fun, nor cute or romantic." I should have saved myself in 86 minutes and stopped it then. The first words of the film were, "I'm at the glue factory." He was a guy talking on the phone and he was referring to a health care home as a glue factory. I do not know why. So the base of the movie is that a child is obsessed with the Zodiac killer and begins to imitate him. The budget for this movie was at least 50 dollars and must have used the cheapest cameras they would find. The act was worse than me to read directly from a script. So it seems they did. The script was horrible, and the big "twist" was that the guy who wrote a biography on the Zodiac killer was actually the Zodiac Killer. Of course, they tried to prove this subtle, but they made it quite obvious in the first 10 minutes. Without any painful details of the plot, there were some horrific moments of the film. They are trying to make Killer Zodiac compare to an "army of one" because the soldiers are really criminals. Then they tried to make an attempt at the "Satanic Cult" by showing a few black-eyed boys in a meeting. The big "computer hacker" managed to get the baby's address when someone gave her the child's name and phone number. For some reason, he had to feed on the FBI to address someone. I'm not sure why she did not just search the phonebook or use whitepages.com. There was also a random allusion to 9/11, for no reason. I also learned that no matter where I shoot you, the blood will come out of your mouth in a few seconds. So if you like to play very badly, the sub-scripted scriptures, the inappropriate work of the room and an obvious plot, you will love the Zodiac Killer!
