Straight to the point: "The Groove Tube" is one of the most unfortunate horrible and unmovable films ever made. This "comedy" is so devoid of anything that resembles a trace of spirit, that it is almost incomprehensible that it has even been made. I said almost because there are, in fact, fans of everything. This movie is not really "good" bad or "pleasant" bad. To put this movie on the same level of entertainment as "Plan 9" or "Robot Monster" would be a crime for these movies. Movies like this can actually forget you and you can take a shot. But this movie is so bad, SO stupidly done, acted and scripted and incredibly old SO, that there is even no trace of "camp" or "schlock" to be found. Even if it was done before Saturday night Live, and comparisons were probably inevitable. I'm not a big fan of SNL, but this movie is worse than the worst SNL movie you can find. And the man, he's stupid. Just to prevent the viewers from leaving, Shapiro throws a pair of blood just as often, but poorly shot breasts since 1974 will not excite anyone in these days. True, this movie is so badly done and it's a trip that causes sleep, I doubt if they delighted anyone in 1974. A man named Ken Shapiro made this film. I swear to God, any age of ten with a video camera could have done something more fun and smarter. It's just real unreal - it's really an incredible movie. "Jokes" and "jokes" are so infantile that even little boys who like to sneak porn father's magic during the night will not laugh. I will give this film one thing - the last sequence, the "dance man" sequence where a man (Shapiro) on the streets of New York dances to a song is easily the best thing in this terrible movie. Not that the "dance man" sequence is so wonderful - he certainly has moments of not being smart as Shapiro desperately tries to fill the time for the whole song - but it was actually somewhat visible. The part of this sequence in which the cop starts dancing with man is the only trace of intelligence in the whole movie. No wonder Shapiro put the last sequence - again, while not so great in itself, she easily knocks everything else in this "movie." Otherwise, this movie is a complete piece of nonsense, the way a real human being can be so infinite. The name of this movie should have been "Ken Shapiro Craft". It is amazing that this has been done, but many truly talented producers can not enter. However, I will say that I bet that NYU geniuses would love this movie. Total rubbish.
