First of all, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this movie 1 star out of 10 is because there is no option to give NU stars! is really so bad! I never wanted to see this movie after I saw the ads for him, I came to see him only by chance, because some of my friends had tickets and they had a spare, so I tagged together. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea it would not be a genius - the premise seemed too bad and bad for something good to get out of it but behind my mind I was thinking "but there must be something good for this for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson do the movie ... "not that I think any of them is particularly great, but they are great stars, who would normally only make movies to increase their reputation. However, about 10-20 minutes in the feature we realized that the movie was probably worse than we initially anticipated. I was shocked by how terrible the script was. She really gave NIMIC actors to work so much they showed they did not know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you saw the ad then you've seen the movie pretty much! And there was nothing original about it - it borrows pretty much from any "superhero" story that has ever been acceptable if the movie were set up as a satire of that genre, but unfortunately was. The direction seemed realistic. I had the feeling that the director wanted the movie to feel completely realistic and did not satiate at all, but there were moments in the movie that were so incredibly unrealistic that it would have worked if it were a satire. At one point in the film, two characters seem to die and one of the surviving characters has a line like "Oh well, it's dead ... time to go on," and he says in such a sweet voice that he does not has succeeded You do not make any sense. I woke up checking my watch in about 40 minutes to see how much I should stay by. And then he hit me ... I started to think "I wonder if the studio made this picture as a test to see if they can do the worst possible movie ever made and still attracts a great audience ..." Do not think to no other reason why this movie would have done. For the films to be made these days, the script goes into a massive screening process and very few scripts are actually heading to the production stage ... I do not understand how this stage of the first stage of the project ... the end and stupid, stupid, I laughed wholeheartedly - not just what the filmmakers wanted to laugh at, but how ridiculous and stupid the movie was. Thank God I did not have to pay the money to see it ... because that would really make me angry! Oh, and I could add, from the two brothers Wilson, I always preferred Luke because I think he's a better and versatile actor ... but if he wants to go further in the shadow of OWEN, then he is exactly the way to do this ... I doubt it will get a lot more job offers after this waste of 2 hours! and do not forget, just received a generous 1/10 because I could not select 0!
