I have to admit when I went to see this movie, I did not have big expectations. But, even with my little expectations, I was completely and completely disappointed ... Actually, Luke Wilson is a hot blow that tends to come out with a little crazy lovers. There is a small mention of a girl who is following him, but that's pretty much for that character. Which does not bother me because it is as underdeveloped as the rest of the movie. So in a subway, Rainn Wilson (who actually liked me before this movie) convinces him to talk to a hot girl, Uma Thurman. It's a little weird to say, because everyone can see clearly that Uma Thurman is not part of the "hot" category. Rainn Wilson's performance is also far from being "hot". Normally, I'm just for his role, but even he could not save this movie. His character was pitiful, unrealistic and quite annoying. You could never tell if writers try to make him a gay guy, or just desperate. It was almost painful. But anyway, someone steals their purse when they leave the subway, and Luke Wilson is the charming savior he leads after the thief. Now we all know that Uma Thurman is the super-hero or "G-Girl", as she likes to call her in the movie. I'm still puzzled by what "G" means, but we'll leave this to discuss the discussion forums. Sex scenes suppose it should be fun, but I find myself asking who does sex like that? Almost throws the bed across the wall because of Uma Thurman's "passion", let's say. I'm sick, but not in "I'm thinking very hard to understand." When Uma insults Anna Faris, calling him a "whore," I did not have a debate with that. Apart from being able to choose movies properly, she can not act and relies on being blond and typical. Generally, I would have gone out of the theater had she not paid $ 8.75 to see it. Characters are typical and have absolutely no chemistry, especially Uma Thurman. Someone should tell him that just because you move your head a lot does not mean you act. Also, the script and the story could have used either a lot of work or a match and a lighter fluid. Actually, I started to feel embarrassed about the actors and their deadly careers. Generally, if you value your money and self-esteem, do not waste your time with this pathetic attempt at a movie.
