At what moment does a really good movie happen? When a movie switches from "watchable" to "where is that & ^ @ _ + #! * Switch OFF"? Thanks for DVDs like this, which can be borrowed from the library - for free! Similarly, thank goodwill for the "fast forward" switch on the DVD player. I'm sorry for those people who were picked up at the box office. At one point (I forgot exactly when, because now it's just a blur), "our hero", Luke Wilson begins to run through traffic; I think he was looking for a taxi. At that point, when I gave up, I realized that I did not care if she found her way or crossed a garbage truck. The last time the movie was interesting was when Luke Wilson climbed out of the dumpster, a hair dryer in his hand, and first met the "heroine," Uma Thurman. This scene ended with the murderer who struck the helpless bag from the fire escape, away from Luke and Uma. Was it the last time the movie was fun and when was that scene? Ten minutes in the movie? Every time the movie was trying to become "funny," she could not. Each time the movie approached "emotion", it broke out in the opposite direction. When a musical score could have helped them squeeze out the life of this prey, the sound track remained empty and silent. Sexual scenes were not necessary and were beyond the blades; damage to unnecessary and childish sets and elements. When Uma turns into ex-girlfriend madness, I feel like I look at "The 40-year-old Virgo meets Pulp Fiction"; when I realized he was not coming back, because I did not like "The 40-year-old Virgo" and "Pulp Fiction" at all. Luke Wilson, Rainn Wilson (also seen in "Mimzy") adds nothing but insult to injury in this dreadful film. Rainn Wilson, the king of television's boredom, should stay with that terrible environment. Hey, Rainn Wilson! Leave long moving photos in peace! Every time Uma's rival Anna Faris came to the screen, I expected Jason or Freddy or a monster afraid to escape the landscape; once you see Anna Faris in the movie "Scary Movie", all you see, regardless of the movie, regardless of the environment. The character played by Wanda Sykes was simply terrible and was so unclear in this movement.
