Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks she has found a perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who seems to be a quiet but beautiful woman, although she soon finds she needs and possesses, oh and is the super hero G- Girl, though you would not have known of the things Matt did after he got angry and separated from her. A promising premise is ruined by a mediocre execution. My Ex Ex Ex-girlfriend is still a nice comedy, yet relies too much on cheap sex jokes and gets to a nasty experience. What went wrong? The cast and the director could not overcome the weakness of the script and I did not like the way they played it. I expected the guy to be a bastard and it could have been a fantasy female film of revenge. However, they made the guy happy and made the superhero a psychopath. It was simply not very fresh and, after about forty minutes, the film was amazed. Sure, there were some funny lines, but the weak end of the middle and the horrible kept her from bursting. Director Ivan Reitman has lost touch. After a successful race in the eighties and early nineties, he began to shit like Evolution and Father's Day. I would not say that my Super Ex-Girlfriend is a full bust, but I do not give credit for no quality of the movie, which is not too much. Don Payne did a great job with the script. Most of the jokes were blades and most of the supporting characters were just a note. He also managed to make a lot of the same jokes making things really tiring sometimes. Several actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was great as G-Girl and had many funny lines. Luke Wilson was a bit pale and not very interesting. I do not think he does it for an appealing man and it's better to play roles like The Stone Stone. Anna Faris has just made a "Scary Movie" routine and has become a bit older. He needs a challenge or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes is either hit or miss me. She was great in Monster-In-Law and she was bad in Clerks 2. Here she is just annoying and does not bring anything into the movie. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Generally, I was disappointed with the movie. It was not terrible, but it had so much potential, and the final result was just as average. Evaluation 5/10
