WARNING: POTENTIAL SPOILS (not that you have to take care. Also, I'm sorry for the caps.) Starting with a dramatic, useless voice, which is even more annoying to talk nonsense, she continues with useless and useless stupidity. This is wrong, but accurately put. <br /> <br /> We know that space travel is a risky business. There is a complicated system with a lot of potential for damage, radiation, stress-related symptoms, and unexpected things will happen in unknown environments. He knew things could go wrong. In fact, things went wrong. It's called learning. Due to the fact that Appollo 11 was not safe from today's standards and that there was huge political pressure, but the overall performance of the technology on the mission was impressive. Mistakes / assorted comments I did not even look up: 1) Nixon prepared a speech if anything happened. Well, spirit. That's what I would do. This was the tip of a propaganda war, after all. 2) NASA gives green light despite the fact that Appollo 11 will likely explode. (This is just "default", though.) Yes, that's why they left people and the clock press in near-real-time. 3) Ejecting the capsule would not work. It was as if the chimpanzee did not work. Who survived? It was a test launch and the rocket exploded, the capsule accelerated and landed with a parachute. There is a video about it, probably you can find it on YouTube or at least look for it somewhere. 4) An interviewee says an explosion would have eradicated part of Florida. I can only assume that it was a hyperbolic, because if not, I'm very nervous how it could be so wrong. 5) Technology was then primitive compared to current standards. In fact, relatively primitive software and hardware are used even today, the reason being that they do not have to collapse. It is even worse for spacecraft, because their computers must be built of large comparable components that are not susceptible to radiation. (And the craft itself must be manually maneuverable anyway, so a complex steering system like B2's would not do.) What happens with the fact that they use "TV screens" rather than "computer screens"? It's the same bad technology. In fact, TV monitors were and are produced with a significantly higher definition. 6) "If the object is not part of the rocket, there may be only one thing." We see where this goes. Besides the fact that the statement is wrong, who says it was not a rocket? At least one interviewee clarifies that if something flies and you do not know what it is, it is, by definition, an unidentified flight object. 7) Voice-over, as well as some ignorance, make it apparent that the soil radiation foil was actually the hull. Which would make it thinner than a space suit. 8) Nearly Neil Armstrong's death during a practical flight is the movie I can appreciate; I've never seen her before. As I said, any piece of technology that is manifest can go wrong, especially if it has not been tested enough because it was unprecedented. 9) The downward trajectory of discrepancy (because of the irregularities in the density of the Moon) was not at any time dangerous for life. It was not "fifteen seconds of remaining fuel," which was, in fact, "fifteen seconds of fuel remaining before he had to abandon the mission and return to the command module." 10) A "catastrophic chain of events" usually leads to a catastrophe. I really do not know how to say simpler. This is, however, a prime example of the rhetoric used. <br /> <br /> 11) There is a short sequence of one of the astronauts who walks and moves around the target like a joyful child, followed by the voice that tells us that the reason for this strange behavior "can be now revealed. " It seems he is walking around and rolling around his target like a joyful child. It's a deceiver. <br /> <br /> 12) It is noted that during the reintroduction all contacts have been lost. This is a perfectly natural phenomenon and it was equally well known at the time that it is impossible to elude with contemporary technology. Again, the gravity of this is implicit, but very intentional. <br /> <br /> 13) There has never been a lost shuttle in the space itself, while the voice-over presents this "fact" as evidence that Appollo 11 was a bunch of nonsense. Appollo 13 was a near loss, but the two real disasters occurred during liftoff and re-entry, respectively. In any case, comparing shuttles with Saturn's missiles is somewhat ... good, good, stupid. Even ignoring this, successful transfer missions seem to have not been considered of interest to the public. 14) What the hell is going on with UFOs? Even in the context of the movie, it does not make sense. Unless you assume it was made for entertainment purposes, targeting a certain audience (which seems to include people who have no understanding of history, science, or rhetoric). Even the point of the film is somewhat obscure. Catch snapshots such as "hitherto covered," "first published here," come, but the movie does not blame or offer a lesson or anything that could be expected from such a movie. In the old tradition of sensationalism, there are many interview pictures and record fragments that are often out of context or with people we know nothing about, except for the "NASA scientist." Wow, the astronauts were very nervous before the effort? Fancy that. What's up with the movie again? Oh, yes, which point. In summary, in addition to being either intentionally or incompetently inaccurate, it is not even a good fun. And believe me, I'm a guy who enjoys his strange documentaries; this movie is not funny, spiritually, strange, it's nothing.
