Now I like Bela Lugosi, do not misunderstand me, he is one of the most interesting people who ever made a movie, but he certainly made his part of clunkers.This is just another of them. <br /> <br /> Lugosi plays Dr.Lorenz, a doctor who obtained the medical license for unexplained reasons. However, she is doing experiments to keep her young and beautiful wife. Looks like he's 70-80 years old, but Lugosi seems to be in the mid-50s, so why he's married to this old man never explains. However, these treatments or experiments involved the offering of brides who are married to the shrine with a kind of sweet smell they pass through, but are considered to be dead. Then Lugosi and some of his assistants steal his body to his morgue and take him back to his lab, where he is held in some sort of suspended animation or catatonic state. Then the stolen brides have a stuck needle somewhere in their body, perhaps the throat, and then the needle is stuck in Lugosi's wife's body to bring her back to her youth and beauty. I never see where Lugosi is missing the needle, or what it means that he is withdrawing from brides, but he returns his wife in some way. A seemingly old age makes you scream with pain because Lugosi's wife makes a lot of screaming until she returns to her younger condition. Help Lugosi in his lab is the only good thing about this movie ... an old strange old one and her two sons being deformed ... a son is a great stranger who looks slowly, who likes to comfort the miracles and the other son is a small little dwarf ... a small person who is politically correct in today's world. Tonight, these three types bury up and sleep down the lab. Who these three are and how they came to be the scared assistants of Lugosi is, as a lot of things in this movie, never explained. So anyway, a woman reporter is given by her gruff award editor to find out where all the stolen brides will go to a common thing among all the brides bruised is a rare orchid that is found on them. So she asks and it is said that there is a world renowned orchid expert who lives nearby, who just happens to be the one who developed this particular orchid. This expert proves to be frightening Dr.Lorenz. He quickly follows him and faces his little house of horrors. I do not know where the police were in all this time, but they came to mop up after the reporter did all the dirty work. It seems that Lugosi's films always had a kind of useless plot that made everything smell like high sky. I mean that a famous orchid expert gives up brides by sending them a doped orchid he himself is known to be developed? D'OH! And then, later, it was shown that young ladies should not even be brides for the procedure to work, so why Lugosi could kidnap brides from heavily guarded churches for his experiments and create all the attention and headlines of the newspapers ? Why would not she just take a prostitute off the street like a strange normal pervert would do? This clunker reminded me of a lot of another Lugosi sprinkler, "The Devil Bat" ... the same stupid lines of plot and bad action and the same stupid reporter becomes a bad guy. But Lugosi is always good - it is frightening and sinister enough to keep your interest at least enough to pursue it. The woman who played the reporter was just a terrible actor ... she had no emotion, she gave her lines as a machine gun, pulling them as fast as she could. All the others beat too much when they got to be good actors. But this is being watched, if only for the Bela Lugosi fans. even if the image was a dog. He probably knew he was doing terrible shots, but maybe he knew that if he gave him all that little of this intensity, he could shine through all the evil plots and the evil acts that surrounded him. <br /> <br /> And he was right ---- new horror fans will always have a love for Bela Lugosi. She was in front of the room. We'll give two f ** ks for you, Bela.
