Only glandular secretions - and please do not ask for more details - young virgins can keep the body and mind of the old mad-amateur groom of horticulturists, fresh and youthful. Because, as most people except those attending medical studies, virgins rarely give up their secretions, Dr. Lorenz (Bela Lugosi) arranges them to be kidnapped and kept. He'll do it himself. <br /> <br /> What a big cheese bubble is a prerequisite for a low-budget horror movie. If The Corpse Vanishes proves not to be Horror Havars, like a simple limburger, it leaves a cool cool taste. Sure, the act is almost terrible, except for actors lucky enough to play the crazy dwarf (Angelo Rossitto, who later played Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome Master); his brother's crazy brute, Angel (Frank Moran), who stutters a lot and has a fetish for the virgin hair; the crazy mother of the two (Minerva Urecal); (Elizabeth Russell), who sleeps in a plush coffin and, of course, the crazy doctor (Lugosi). A young business reporter, Patricia Hunter (Luana Walters), follows the doctor because of a strange orchid, with a particularly sweet odor, carried by the victims. When the doctor and his wife invite Pat to stay in the night, a violent storm bursts out immediately. This clue tells us that violent violence is about to burst inside. Since it is well known that at Hollywood, at that time, all unmarried young women were virgins, Pat may have some unpleasant surprises. These include dark passages, a crustaceous laboratory where an almost dead virgin is kept, a basement mausoleum and, later, a direct threat to Patricia's own glandulare secretions. If he survives, what story he will have to give the publisher. <br /> <br /> If you try this wet slice of the moldy Velvet (and why not do not be superior), do not judge Bela Lugosi of the company he holds here. It had a huge impact on Dracula (1931), but my favorite movie is "The Black Cat" (1934). As Dr. Vitas Werdegast, he is a sad, ironic man who protects his two young friends. When he finally takes a scalpel to Hjalmar Poelzig (Boris Karloff) and starts killing the man alive, ah, well, it's a wonderful scene.
