MORE POINTS: LUMINOUS, ILLOGICAL, MORAL DORURBATION The film was distributed in Italy under the name of "Seven Souls". I was curious about the original title and, after some research, I found out that it refers to Shakespeare's merchant in Venice where murderer Shylock makes a terrible connection with merchant Antonio who will have to give him a pound of meat in which he is unable to pay his debt. While the translation into Italian makes Ben's plan profoundly human, characterized by man's sympathy, the original one, though cultivated enough to remain unaffected by anyone, makes it, just by referring to meat, something cold, rational, deeply rooted physically to man. Unfortunately, I think the real quality of Ben's plan is revealed by the original title: it is a cold machining intended to "donate" parts of his body but without genuine human empathy, at least the audience is not given the chance to see or to perceive any pure relationship of souls throughout the film. The only exception is the love story with the little girl, which seems to be a kind of non-scheduled incident, to which Ben offers, but unable to convey true emotional involvement. I did not like the idea at the heart of the movie: the idea that a person, however devoured by the pain for the death of his beloved and other people he himself provoked, made the determined decision to express his sense of guilt by suicide : besides being unlikely, it does not make sense. I would have liked it, and I think it would have been more positive if, in the end, Ben had decided to give up the idea of ​​committing suicide and to continue living, helping the same people and perhaps many others to stand beside them, helping them through his presence. He would not have saved his life miraculously, of course: this would probably have caused more suffering, but I think he could have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to the creation of God in seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible, is six!): What does it mean? And what about a woman suffering from heart disease that prevents her from running and even singing without feeling sorry, who can have normal sex with a man who, feeling as it should have, was destroyed by the death of his wife and who donated the organs and pieces of his body, does not seem to feel so much emotionally and physically tried out of his faulty state? The film is saved by good action, but the rest is pure nonsense, not only logically, but also human and emotional.
