I think I'm late at the party. I just saw this 1995 version of Bye Bye Birdy on Sky TV. I did not know he existed and was fully prepared to see the 1963 movie version when I started it. I played Albert a long time ago and I'm thinking of putting up an amateur production because I remembered that it's so much fun to do. I was not impressed with this newer version. It simply was not fun enough. It was not colored. Lack of exuberance of youth. The illumination was bad. Nobody seemed to mention this fact. This is not a musical moody, it's bright and up beat. The illumination decision was a poor creative choice. Bye Bye Birdy is a farce, a comedy of errors. I have no sense in this version. The enlightenment was terrible, and it demolished general performance. The dance numbers seemed anemic as well. We have music videos today. At least the dance numbers would have to measure up to some of the best ones, or some of the best on Broadway. The choreographer was asleep at the wheel he felt. Although all the actors were extremely talented, there were some really bad choices. Vanessa Williams is not Latin, and with so many talented Latin artists there, it would not have been more correct to throw one of them into Rosie's role. Vanessa is African-American American, wonderful and talented but bad turn. Jason Alexander's effort was staggering, he always did a smart job, but he was not Albert. He was mistaked and I think it's obvious to most people who see this version. The film environment is not the scene environment. There must be translation from one environment to another. Exuberance and flash of stage music must be translated into the movie. It is not the merit of being faithful to a scene scenario when filmed. Spirit, the essence of production must be presented. For me, Bye Bye Birdy's 1963 film production was luminous and lively, while 1995's production was as bleak as the illumination and as unclear as the dance numbers. It turned out to be an unfortunate waste of effort from many talented people.
