First things: I'm not a conservative. And even if I never refer to myself as a liberal or democratic, I opposed the Iraq war on the first day. I think it's safe to tell John Cusack and I probably see politics in the eye, in fact, I'm sure we'll become friends if we ever talk about how big Adam Curtis's BBC documents are. My point is, do not discredit this review thinking that I'm not part of the choir Cusack preaches in War, Inc. There is no doubt that the WI policy is adapted to appeal to my demographics, but the problem is, tailoring is substandard and the Cusack co-written, produced and star film fits worse than a cheap cost. As they say, "the road to hell is paved with good intentions." Cusack, his co-writers, director Joshua Seftel, and even the actors involved undoubtedly had every intention of making an anti-war film as odd and fun as Robert Altman's M * A * S * H sins for the spectator, have become equally inoperable and unintelligent as Michael Moore's Canadian Bacon. The current state of American politics, foreign policy and the "effort" of the war is already absurd and as a result it is tragic, pathetic and, unfortunately, comical - just watch Show The Daily and see for yourself. The bottom line is: you can not write the material as fun as what the Bush administration gives us daily, why try to compete? The main problem with WI is that it feels that it has been together in a hurry. To succeed, Cusack grosely channeled Grosse Pointe Blank (one of his best films), changed the atmosphere, and entered a list of high-level ideas from the works of Naomi Klein. Most of these ideas are gathered in the throat in the first twenty minutes of the film and what makes them so incoherent is none of the jokes or gags or references deliberately to Halliburton, the Neo-Cons and the American occupation of Iraq are imaginative, intelligent, or funny. Writers are so dazzled by their own dogma that they felt that by simply referring to these issues the film would be fun and subversive. The problem is ... it is not. Until now, these ideas are yesterday's news, and if you do not live under or embarrassed, or you are so blinded by ignorance, denial and stupidity (read: a right-wing Christian), these insulting simple jokes. WI might work if it were more nuanced, subversive, offensive and fattened by detailed research / visions of Occupation. As it is, jokes and viewing gags are on the surface and they are so bad, with so little subtlety, subtlety or satirical malice, they have done a little more than conquer me. Homer Simpson once said, "It's fun because it's true," and The Daily Show demonstrates this every evening; War, Inc. proves however that just because it is true does not make it funny. Bottom line: Hyperbolia is not necessary when it comes to American / neo-conservative politics ... it's already a pretty big joke. <br /> <br /> http://eattheblinds.blogspot.com/
