Well, it's Robin Hood as a "geezer" well ... just as well published! That did not sound very hopeful and unfortunately it was worse than I suspected. Robin Robin I can take; a Robin who is embarrassed with a cute daughter, I can believe; but a Robin who changes the banter is not very funny with his only vagabond is harder to swallow, and a Robin and a * full cast * who seem to have difficulty managing their lines is kissing doom. How can anyone go through such a busy delivery without resuming the scenes? Again and again, Much sounds as if he struggles with Shakespeare's half of understanding, rather than letting himself go with a salty snake; We hoped at the debut that it was just a failing comedy, in a clear character destined to the comedian's role, but then began spreading to the rest of the cast. Anything else you say about In the role of Errol Flynn, he had the talent to offer a high-level dialogue, as if he had just thought it at the moment ... and, as this production shows, it's as easy as this sounds! If he wanted to cast the characters like frightening chappees, the actors in question should have received adequate lines: it sounds like he has no idea how to deal with them. I'm afraid I did not even like the Sheriff pantomime for the same reason; the lines are clearly not intended to be taken seriously but delivered (in this case also written) with a whim and a wink at the audience. They are not okay - the bustle on the wall - but not quite that funny. This very promised production reminded me of a clear school. The only actor and character I felt for any appreciation was Guy de Gisbourne, who was the only one who seemed to have any handle on (a) credible mischief and (b) credible characterization - but, frankly, I did not say it was a very good auguri for the future of the series! Beginning with the written time, I'll give it another shot hoping things could be improved and it could be left until next week with a less unstable scene set and probably the actors will be more at handy with the dialogue: after all, Doctor Who's episode of opening was not a stop-stop, though it was not as bad as it was. But if I do not see any improvement after Episode 2, I'm afraid the series has almost certainly lost a spectator. Which would be a pity, because I have a weak point for the Robin Hood legend on screen, from the adventures of Douglas Fairbanks to Richard Greene's firm dependence. But Robin fails to mix my blood to the slightest extent.
