Gods ... where to start. I only had the ability to stomach within the first 10 minutes before I stopped him in disgust. Apart from the actor who played Robin Hood himself, the rest was just terrible. And I can only stretch my suspicion of unbelief just until now. Since opening the first episode, we've lost the number of bugs, plot holes, and horrible costumes. It started with a poor peasant trying to hunt a deer to feed his family. Good and good. However, the poor blighter should have been mostly deaf, for a handful of soldiers, in full armor, with horsemen, managed to sneak into it in about 10 feet. far, he goes from having them 10 meters behind him, at a chance you can not even see them, immediately followed by them about 20 feet behind him again. Then he enters some bushes and is immediately manipulated by two soldiers ... who, just a few seconds ago, were galloping on the horse, ten yards behind him. the soldiers are so painfully obvious cloth they tried to look like mailings, and they failed miserably. Not to mention, the "armor" of the main soldier is about 5 too big for the poor. Seriously, he looks like he's a small child wearing his big-arm father! Finally, Robin manages to fire around 5 well-targeted shots around a soldier's hand, in about two seconds, from what appears to be a recurring arch. No living man could do those kinds of photographs, in that short time, with a goal rifle, far less with a bow. Afterwards, they get rid of soldiers and stop to help an amazingly dressed and clean the "peasant" by digging a ditch ... something that all the nobles were willing to do all the time, right? How this bad excuse for a series ever had a second season is beyond me. Production costs (at least for what we've seen) must have increased in tens of dollars (or euros) ... Really - I think a high school theater class might have implemented better interpretation. This was so bad, even this terrible version of Kevin Costner's Robin Hood was better. I strongly suggest that you ignore this monstrosity and rent or buy the "Robin of Sherwood" series in the mid 80's. Much better written, action, costume, and products. <br /> <br /> For shame, BBC ... for shame ...
