Contains spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson made some excellent films, especially "Ice Cold in Alex" and "Cape Fear," but "Country Dance" is one of his stranger offerings. The story is among the upper classes in rural Scotland and details the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, an eccentric aristocratic owner, Hilary's sister and her alienated husband Hilary Douglas who hopes to reconcile her with her. We find out that during his career as an army officer, Charles was considered to have "low moral fiber." This seems to have been a correct diagnosis of his condition; throughout the film presents a bleak disappointment attitude towards the world, and its main sources of emotional support seem to be Hilary and the whiskey bottle. The film ends with its commitment to a crazy upper-class asylum. Peter O'Toole was when he was as good as in "Lawrence of Arabia," one of the main British actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven and "Country Dance" is not one of his better movies. He is frighteningly upset, turning Charles into a caricature of the inept aristocrat, as if he had auditioned for part of Monty Python's "Twit of the Year" sketch. Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas are pretty good, but there is not a great performance in acting in the movie. There is also a little in the way of a coherent plot, beyond the inevitable descendant of Charles's story. The main problem with the film, however, is neither the act nor the plot but the theme of the Theme that does not dare to call its name. There are half-hearted hints of an incestuous relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least an incestuous attraction for him from his side, and that his contempt for Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the sixties and early seventies (the date of the film is different in either 1969 or 1970), there is a limit to what the British Film Review Council was willing to allow, and a film with an explicit incestuous theme was definitely out of bounds. (The American film title was "Brotherhood Love," but this was not used in the UK, was it too suggestive to like BBFC?) These suggestions are not developed and we never see what motivates Charles or what caused the collapse his moral, leading to an empty film with a hole in his center. 4/10
