If you rent a movie called "Exterminators of the Year 3000," the chances are good, you know what you're getting involved with. I myself have been sold by the promising descriptions of "nuclear mutants", "motor-psiho" and, of course, the "exterminators" themselves, which, according to the back of the movie house, collide around a stellar post- apocalyptic desert that makes all sorts of chaos. Let the stragglers change their minds and give their low-budget pockets - at least that's what I hoped for this film. Now, I like the terrible movie occasionally, and if you read the comments on Exterminators in the Year 3000, probably you too. That being said, I considered this movie a "terrible" "solid - not because I hated the movie completely, but because it is one of the most bold legitimate efforts to shootings I've ever seen. Dialogue, acting, cinema, sound editing, editing in general, script, etc. and so on - all are worthy of what certainly must be low expectations of spectators, given this wonderful title. > So what is really "good" about this bad movie? Has more of what my circle affects "quality kills". A quality crime for those few of you who are not familiar with the phrase is not a tough and fast term, but generally refers to someone killed in a particularly horrible, creative or ridiculous manner. of the Year 3000 also has a fair supply of "so-bad-gets-fun-dialogue", largely provided by Crazy Bull, the aptly leader of the unfortunate motor-psycho gang - who, (if we hope for big things to the mutants of the nucleus, I think again, they essentially play zero part in the movie ... shucks!). Crazy Bull, however, is all you can ask in a b-motor-psycho movie. Shakespearean paraphrasing and weird PG style insults are all they can say ... and it's great. Despite its quality kills and bad dialogue, however, if you are looking for a true bad fun movie, "The Exterminators of the Year 3000" somehow disappoints that by its limited pull to things like silly and outdated special effects, killing quality and bad dialogue is simply not enough to justify a full length of features, mainly due to forty minutes or so that the public is forced to watch the characters in "chases" of protracted and boring machines and in long hunting sequences in the desert ... Generally, a rather terrible movie, but hey, there is no death to death 2000.
