The first visible issue about this inconvenient movie is its title of filming. Ann Nelson plays grandma here. Three years after, she will play in "Airplane!" that the woman who hangs while listening to Robert Hays pin for Julie Hagerty. I could not get that picture out of my head. Matt Boston is 15 years old in trouble. He has headaches. His mother had a nervous breakdown. His grandfather suffered a massive heart attack. A chain smoker psychiatrist decides to find out what happens to the devil with this family. First she's hypnotic on Grandma Nelson. Nelson tells a flashback story that fills the entire first half of the movie. She and my grandfather bought a cheap RV, and led him around all the tourist traps in the California desert. RV soon has a mind of its own, leaving the road and so on. Then, large boulders begin to cast on him. The elderly couple is properly afraid but stays in the vehicle to move the parcel along. Eventually, grandfather has a heart attack after being stuck on the RV roof when he goes for another unplanned trip. <br /> <br /> Boston's mother starts talking with some native American mummies he has spread around the house. She feels an author and makes abundant notes about the dirty corpses. The psychiatrist reads the detailed notes and uses his imagination to fill the voids. We see the mother spinning in the semi-flip, but her psychic destruction appears on the screen, just like Gramp's heart attack. Finally, the resistance patient, little Matt. Matt goes under the arm of hypnosis and tells his own story. He thinks the mother is struggling (this was done in 1977). It seems that my mom makes the astral bodies of American native mummies fly through the air. One strikes Matt like a bee hitting a windshield, and Matt starts to act crazy. The psychiatrist takes his grandmother and Matt into the desert. Matt is inexplicably in a wheelchair now, and the trio faces the unseen (and inexplicable) forces. Flocker does not make sense to build the scene. The pro here involves RV blocked in a desert room. In the distance, the pairs observe some boulders that roll to RV. This is a pretty creepy scene that is eventually superimposed. As boulders start to throw in the direction of the vehicle, the special effects become obvious. Scenes where RV runs from the highway, then again, are forever. The situations where the grandfather is caught on the RV roof as he moves on a dirty road takes forever. Mom's talk with the mummy takes forever. Matt's experiences outside the body last forever. This movie lasts forever. I was tempted to push the button fast before at least a dozen times. As the scenes dragged, it was obvious that Flocker was flying. Cut the fat here, and that would take an hour. The final "explanation," that mummy spirits try to kill those close to Matt, never have water. Did they live in the RV? The movie maker never brings the spirits out of good in criminal ways, never killing anyone! As I thought of Nelson in "Airplane!" I thought of other movies. Anything to prevent me from sleeping in this time. Boston is terrible as a child, playing a fifteen-year-old like a cute ten-year-old boy who has a smart line for all those adults who fall over themselves, loving him. Finally, Flocker wrote and directed a mess. The title is just the beginning of this exercise, making the audience feel badly ready. This is not frightening and, like ghosts, you can still go ... away from this tape to the video store. It is not rated and contains some physical violence and mild profanity.
