*** LIGHT SPOILER ALERT *** The story sounds good, and if you read the novel, you probably expect a deep and intense film that could provide insight into some interested and underdeveloped human relationships. > <br /> True, the script tries to do this, the director tries to do this, but the main cast does not succeed at all. Actress Maria is so dry she has no feeling, her most intense moments seem almost comic. Sometimes she seems nervous about the room. Her only real sensation scene is near the end of which her girlfriend is thrown away. Ioana seems even more tense than Maria and even worse, it does not seem to be natural at all. Mary had the attitude, even if she was artificially pushed to be obvious, but she and her character had some credibility. And to make things worse, we do not have a perspective on it: where does it come from, where does it get involved in the lesbian relationship, how did the relationship evolve? We only get some bits from her parents and their relationship seems to be "there": it has content and purpose, but it does not start. Just like her partner Maria, she has only one scene that really touches the scene in which she destroys her character Kiki de la Maria. Tudor is the only person in this movie (outside the house,) who manages to demonstrate a certain talent. He has the attitude of his character and matches him. Only once or twice seems to leave (scene at the table of his parents, he tries to be obvious when it was not necessary at all). I like the story, Tudor Chirila is fine there, the act of reality is working and Puya offers her a pair of lines with style, but this does not save the movie. It was a shame that the whole scene had a huge potential, and Romanian cinema could have used a movie on the subject. Quite oddly, the incestuous relationship between brother and sister seems to have more credibility than the one that does not-the background feeling (well, the interludes spoken by Mary are a beautiful attempt in this direction) the lesbian relationship between Mary and Joanna. I'm really sorry I spent money on a ticket, I'd rather watch it out of the comfort of my room.
