Jeffrey Combs is a crazy scientist whose stem cell research has turned it into a diabolical scheme to create a humanoid shark-life-form hammer, hoping to grow a new species using the Hunter Tylo's belly. It will not be easy for Tylo to be a big tour, and her boyfriend, William Forsythe, is not about to give up without a fight. You see that Tylo and Forsythe are two of Arthur's business directors Roberts' employees, brilliant minds who meet Combs (a scientist who once worked for Roberts and whose vacant job went to Tylo) at the island's fortress where conducting research and experiments. This island offers him the opportunity to recruit fresh victims for his work and "son". They believe it is a professional business in terms of a discovery in stem cell research that could lead to treatments for a variety of diseases. Combs's son died of kidney cancer when he decided to do his crazy science on him, creating this blood-thirsty creature that eats meat that can both swim and dry (though, at first, outside of short periods of time). Tylo had met Combs' son, hence the connection to the two who worked for Roberts, who brought her trophy wife, Mariya Ignatova. Also accompanying Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova are their colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combs catches them in a conference room, but he is able to flee to the island after sending them the well paid mercenaries and the shark son. , Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some rather inappropriate behavior-generating effects and attacks (... where sharks break the limbs) are shot in a fast editing format, frenzied camera if you have a hard time ever seen any of the corrupt carnage that followed. You have this vague notion that a person is eaten (... broken into pieces), but the attacks themselves are shot in a very irregular way, which is really quite annoyed. The monster itself is never seen in its entirety, just a moment of watching an eye or a part of the body being thrown as the victim screams in horror. One thing is for sure, see your teeth. We take shark shots with the screen-surrounded hammer, all threatening, ready to celebrate the flesh. A constant is while (and after) the victims are attacked, we see a large part of the blood and the pieces of meat flowing on the surface of the water (this is really the main director of Michael Oblowitz, who informs the spectator that those who break apart from those who live.) Combs does not break the ground as a scientist, but he has always had the ability to convey silent madness under that cold-blooded decision. It's fun to see Forsythe in a rare role as a hero, very against the guy like an electronic device (which actually pulls him out) who has to take a leading position when the group faces a unprecedented danger. Tylo is also in a very different role, a scientist who can defend himself quite well. Roberts can act as a millionaire businessman in his sleep and is quite worried to see him throwing a machine gun at Combs soldiers (although his fate is not pleasant). Mentioning that it was also really fun to watch Forythe and Tylo, multiplying Combs' employees with a seized machine gun. As expected, the scenario allows those who created the murdering devil to endanger themselves only uselessly so that they can pay for their sins. I mean, seriously, would these people, knowingly, be so vulnerable to attack after seeing what injury the human anatomy they might be doing? Beautiful exotic setting is quite beautiful background.
