Where the hell are all these unregistered islands, where the prehistoric monsters hide, bad doctors do their experiments, crazy keep the final karate championship and the people rich in sport for uber? I did not know that there are still so many unexplored islands, but if you keep in mind the number of movies that use one of these mysterious islands as a location, you have to assume there are at least 50 of those brothers there. There is always a feeling of being so convenient and immediately deducting points from any movie that uses this hackneyed device. Hammerhead is the story of a crazy scientist conducting experiments on one of these unregistered islands, so the movie already had a lot to do to do before it even begins. The island of this film used to belong to Dr. Moreau, but was recently bought by re-animator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey does some sort of state-of-the-art stem cell research, which has led them to start working with sharks while looking for a cancer remedy. If it sounds familiar, that's because it's about the same basic setting as the Deep Blue Sea Intelligent Shark Plant, not to mention a series of other Nu Image films. Apparently, Jeffrey's son died of cancer, causing our crazy doctor to start experiencing his progeny. He made a slice of fantastic ice splicing and so on, turning his son into a shark man. William Forsythe leads a crew of unknown actors on the island to examine the physician's experiments. If someone had given him a sailor hat, William would have been a dead noise for the captain on Gilligan Island. In the typical Bond Villain, the doctor decides that all of these intruders would make a nice smile for his son. Not shopping, like friends ... chum, like shark food. So, insert the shark whip that begins to see Skipper and his cohorts all over the island. They, of course, try half-heartedly to escape and are injured every time they are followed by a guy in a shark rubber suit. <br /> <br /> The film did not make any of the points it lost to take place on one of those disgusting islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. Why did you hit your head with a hammer? Because she feels so good when you stop. That's how it is this movie. The only reason to be followed is that it feels so good when it's over.
