While the faux-Russian scientist says two thirds of the way in the film, "I came for science." This adds a lot to the reason I watched this movie - anything that involves a half-hammer shark, certainly deserves a serious empirical investigation from an impartial aspiring scientist. Or, as the biz says, my friend's brother has a remote control, and the rest is history. To say that the special effects would be bad would be a disadvantage in the field of special effects. This is 2005, it's not that difficult to shoot a car scene without a blue background. Yes, this was charming and state-of-the-art when Hitchcock had filmed "Birds," but in 2005 it only shows a low budget. Relieve me of the cheap Sci-Fi test and make my service an attempt to stop mistrust. However, having seriously defamed the general concept of this film, let me tell you again that as sad as it may sound, it probably deserves your time. If not, it's an evil tour of the evil Sci-Fi - it's worth learning about the new film director and certainly a training course for those who have seen a few movies in their day. <br /> <br /> The mad crazy science scientist with a hammer transmitter who thinks it's a good idea to lick blood in the nearby water makes me doubt not only the intelligence of mankind but also the ability of film writers "B" to come with. Also, this film pretty much meets the challenge of my bad movies - bad guys always wear sunglasses. If it were not 2005, I would be disappointed that this movie was a kind of unhealthy metaphor for the Cold War. I mean, it would be good for Khan to be on the bridge of a Klingon prey that fleshes in Chekhov's ear. One of the film's most moving lines is when brass chicks insist that Charlton Heston looks like he's "waiting for Tom" as he tries to pick up the escape helicopter on the ground. The thing is that Tom is losing the bad guys of sunglasses with the banana clip that does not end up, attached to Kalashnikov or AK-47, in layman's terms. While the crazy scientist says that at the end of the movie "My goal is to evolve the human species" - it suffices to say that this film only contributed to a devolution of humanity. Freudian sloping references by the crazy scientist while preparing the female protagonist to be paired with a hammer shark is a mere reminder that, even in the worst case of science, we can all find something laugh.
