The mysterious misunderstandings of the four have pairs arriving in London the same day in the early 1970s. She is a Swedish girl, a Danish, a German, and a Chinese. The story is inspired to take off his clothes, engage them in a kind of humor like Carry On, and engage them with various shortcomings in British film and culture ever since, including Man About the Star, Richard O'Sullivan, The Next Coronation Johnny Briggs and the horrible fierce film Ferdy Mayne (playing a sheik). There is a fairly high amount of female nudity on screen, for those who like this kind of stuff (but obviously nothing hardcore). Most of the film is thin and unimportant; girls are stereotyped, and German Anita suffers in particular from an infantile disorder - she is a person obsessed with a color TV that behaves like a kind of child and uninhibited dresses to deliberately show her particular parts; In another serious film, it would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting section of the film implies that the Swedish Federation is taken to a club in London, where some people are still doubtful, being seduced by a middle-aged rocker, losing their virginity and realizing that the scene is not for her. These sequences have a certain amount of energy in them and show a more interesting film than the one we have concluded, in which the promiscuity and darns of the musical business and the upper classes are living souls and comforts (there is a beautiful twist of John Standing impotent public school roué). The strangest story is the Chinese girl (the future veteran of Cannibal Me Me Lay) who descends with the childish patron who falls in love with one of them and then leaves in the middle of the night for no good reason, except for some Orientalists that "birds Chinese people are insane, are not they ?! " The film is quite degrading to its female characters, and in dialogue and in one of the features there is an agitation of homophobia. The end is striking because Mayne's Sheikh has no earthly reason (except that he has to end the film in some way) removes all the faces of his Arab kingdom for what looks to the whole world as a future in trade with white slaves are all excited. Things and nonsense for the most part then, but directed with a lot of skill by veteran Val Guest, who puts him as a piece of film that makes a mark above the largest 70-year-old British film.
