I caught this movie at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I have not heard much about it; but it was a well-thrilled, digitally shot on a very low budget. We were hoping to catch the next big Brit-Flick. But I have to say, I was very disappointed. "It's not a song of love" follows two criminals who, after accidentally shooting and killing a small farmer's daughter, embrace a dead cat and mouse game when the locals decide to take things in their own hands and hunting them. <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is another example of style in the British movie. Angles and camera editing are totally inconsistent with the story, as well as superior performance and terrible use of slow motion, which only serve to make everything look like an expensive home movie. There are repeated attempts to make the film look strange and impoverished, which instead came as a hilarious and above the peak (Cue is a pathetic, drug-binding scene and a large number of unnecessary pixels). No amount of cliché can hide the fact that this is a pretty bad story. I have seen such things several times before and I have done a hundred times better, especially in John Boorman's case of "liberation". But in the latter movie, we took care of the characters, in this movie I found out that I just want to be hunted and killed as soon as possible. Even this would not have been so bad if their opponents were frightening or deserving, but on the contrary they are only a collection of stereotypical and confident people. Again, another offensive cliché, used overhead, came to the forefront. Surely there are some nice people in the country, filmmakers? In his defense, "It's not a love song," it contains some good, suspenseful moments, but it's hard to see this movie anything other than going straight to the movie or getting a very limited cinematic release. It's not a patch on last year's budget, which was hunted in the hill movie, "Dog Soldiers". Perhaps British cinema could be resumed again if the right money does not go to bad people.
