To understand where this version of A STAR IS BORN comes from 1976: Its final number is played by Barbra Streisand in a period of about seven minutes and forty seconds, followed by another freezing frame of two and a half Ms Streisand - hitting a position similar to Christ - behind the closing credits. Within ten minutes uninterrupted from the center of Barbra's distinctive mortar, filling the large screen with the uncompromising ego. This could be a kind of cinematic recording. Or think about this: the plot of this musical revolves around a love relationship between two musical superstars, however, while Streisand's songs are full - including the endless finale - his costum Kris Kristofferson is not allowed to complete not even a single song he interprets. He did not even allow him to contribute a little to a couple of ditties, in fact, they were singing a duet. Or take this into account: Streisand's name appears in credits at least six times, including taking credit for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her closet) - and she would also have liked but not managed to get co-directional credit. One of his credits was an executive producer with a production credit that came to her lover and former hairdresser, Jon Peters. As such, Streisand controlled the final film filming, which explains why he is so obsessed with the inclination of the film in its direction. What it does not explain is how, given every opportunity to make The Great Diva look good, their efforts only make Streisand look bad. Even though it was one of the biggest hits of the Streisand box office, it is probably the worst film and the worst performance. However, the movement of the Hollywood melodrama in the sex-drug-and-rock scene Streisand interprets Esther Hoffman, a singer on the road to music, who shares the fast track with John Norman Howard of Kristofferson, a rocker heading for the ramp off -road to Has-beville. In earlier incarnations of the story, "Norman Maine" sacrifices his driving career to help Vicky Lester achieve his success. In seventy-year feminist, Streisand & Co. want to clarify that their heroine does not owe anything to a man, so the trajectory is inclined; she will succeed with or without him and is close to the bottom of stage 1; is a burden that must endure it in the name of love. As such, there is an obvious effort to make the lady do not just be tough but almost ruthless, while her paramour will come out like a strange sneaky. Kristofferson skleps through the film with credible indifference to the material; making little attempt to give much of a performance and, with oddness, the character without the target and without the bottom serves him well. Streisand, on the other hand, has no time of honesty all the time on the screen. Everything she does seems, if not too repeated, at least too controlled. Even the appearances ad libs appear to be strangely premeditated and its moments of supposed cold mechanical hysteria. The two do not have chemistry, making the central business of love absolutely unbelievable. One might assume that his character sees in it a symbol of his youthful and innocuous blur, although at the age of 34, Streisand does not seem very young or naive. The only imaginative attraction that they might offer is that they can exploit it as a faster way to a story. Indeed, the film had the courage to play the material in this way, to make Streisand's character openly play an explosive character, the movie could have sparked and maybe a reason for existence. But I think directors see Esther as a sympathetic victim; they do not seem to know how cold and self-absorbed blood is. But sensitivity is not one of the strengths of the film: note the little jokes of giving Barbra two singers from South Africa, just so the film can enjoy the blade racism of naming the The Oreos trio. And the film makes a great deal of emphasis on the fact that Esther retains her ethnic identity using Hoffman's name, yet filmmakers have changed the character name of previous films from "Esther Blodgett" so Streisand will not be burdened with a too Jewish name or too unattractive. So much for ethnic pride. Behind the frightening and backbiting scene that continued releasing the film is almost legendary, so the fact that the movie came to look so polished is remarkable. Nominator Frank Pierson seems to have delivered the raw material for a good film, with the considerable help of the Robert Surtees cinematographer. The film fulfilled its purpose, producing an album of decent music music (including "Evergreen" won by Oscar by Paul Williams and Streisand). But in general, the film turned out to be the only thing Streisand had claimed he did not want to be a vanity project.
