I think, deep in the darkest and weakest part of their heart, everyone likes Jerry Springer just a little. While his performance is undoubtedly offensive and poor, it gives us the chance to see that, relatively speaking, most of us are doing well. When you look at the live caravan park, a whiskey drink, incest hits people on the Springer show, it even makes your worst day look like a walk in the park. Jerry performs a public service and we should be grateful. He gave up a political career to host the show, just for us. What we should not be thankful in any way is the "Ringmaster" trash. "Ringmaster" shows how the life of people who have finished being guests at the show, or so would like to think. The film follows the story line of Springer: love triangles. A triangle involves Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The other one involves Starletta, Vonda, and Demond. When the two unfortunate groups meet in LA, their lives intersect and collide, all culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer show. It's about what would be "Short Cuts" if Robert Altman had a severe crack habit. "Ringmaster" is true for the show because it is stupid and offensive from start to finish. I am also very happy that I do not live in the misery of the characters. But the movie has a problem. It's billed as a comedy, but it's not very funny. What laughs there must be few among them. Perhaps some people see this and laugh non-stop. If you think work and rape are fun, then I think you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed for two or three times and spent the rest of the movie in deep astonishment of the agonizing horrors of white-garbage life. The Jerry Springer exhibition is simply not intended to make the TV jump on the silver screen. What's funny in a one-hour long show (less when you're making commercials) will not necessarily be fun in a ninety-minute movie. Movies have to tell a story, and that's another "Ringmaster" has trouble. The story is stunning. There are so many plot holes and continuity errors that any attempt to say a cohesive narrative is quickly put aside. And even if there were no such issues, how much fun can you draw from a story about stereotypical people in a stereotypical story? Even the Hollywood formula could not do that better. "Ringmaster: It's so bad that it even cheats the best part of the Springer show: The Final Thought. In a way, even the smartest and easiest aspect of the show blew louder than the prostate women in the movie. > <br /> The worst killer in all this is Springer himself, he is such an evil actor that he can not play even convincing. Allen played the vibration of Jerry Springer, and he failed, died, made the effort to make this disaster, at least it could do, is to try to do it much better. I said that everyone else in this movie made a very good award, just the opposite: Everybody sucks, it's not as surprising as no one in this movie went to sea, the best of them was that Molly Hagan landed a job a Nickelodeon sitcom. It seems Nickelodeon has no problem hiring a woman who played in the worst movie in 9 0 to stay in the program a lot of kids. It makes you wonder what kind of things the other adults did on that channel in their past. Here are my final thoughts: What we have here is a group of people without self-esteem and a man with the money to burn who met and put together their resources to produce a movie that shows how much I hate and how little they think about the intelligence of their viewing audience. Should we accept people who make movies that treat us like goose-bumps severely affected by the brain? I say no. Somewhere there, in this crazy, mixed world, there is a perfect film for each of us. We just have to look for him. Until next time, take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never look at Ringmaster.
