I can not say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie would have been better if it had been, because at least the worst movie I've ever seen (Prom Night II) I've been interested enough for me to hate it. My only reaction after I left the theater happened when I looked up at my watch and discovered that it only took 90 minutes. It seemed much more like years. It is an endless repetition of poor people (or what Jerry Springer seems to think is poor), screwing each other, striking each other, insulting one another, then repeating the process with the same attention that others use it when shampooing. The plan, which relates to how a group of stupid people destroys their lives bad enough to offer Jerry Springer's mill, advances only because of the idiot of the characters. This makes it impossible to care what happens to them. He never spoke to me if they were at the show or what they said or who slept with whom. Maybe they should not care about them. Maybe I should look at them like a comic guy ... to see their scandalous behavior as an inherent amusement. Too bad it is not. Humor is not outrageous. It's harmless. It's predictable. Humor must have something behind him, a painful irony or a life experience to function. Scatology is not wisdom. An example. A mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. To take revenge, she goes to the trailer park and has an oral sex with her daughter's boyfriend. Since I was over the shock of Jerry Springer's performance a long time ago, I had the same reaction I had with the obscene lines of Andrew Dice Clay's kindergarten; not laughter, just yawning. Finally, I found Springer's possession as a tiring and unconvincing populist. If he were indeed a lawyer for the poor, he would bring a single mother from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise his children in New York City with $ 12,000 a year. Or, if not, he would give at least to the participants of his shows a reduction in profits. Jerry Springer receives millions for his shows, film, book and videos. Its guests benefit from air fares, hotel accommodation and a chance to humiliate. If he had enjoyed the poor people very much, he would have given them at least some money he earns for him. It seems Springer wanted to make this film take some legitimacy. Jeez, with all his beautiful work, you would have thought he'd already won our respect. However, the film is weak and boring. He does not manage to be offensive either. If you want to have a better night, record a tape for one night and then watch it.
