Vampire Bat is in the small German village of Klineschloss, where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore), Burgermeister, meets with Inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) in the local council about all recent assassinations, six victims being discovered in many weeks all leaked blood and wearing the same two puncture wounds on the neck. The Brettschneider has no clue, but the superstitious elders of the village believe that death is the work of a vampire. Brettschneider is not convinced, but scared villagers continue to tell stories to see a big bat, meanwhile, the last victim Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) was found. Brettschneider is under increasing pressure to resolve crimes, but he may even think that a giant stick vampire is responsible and what is it like to stop it? Directed by Frank R. Strayer The Vampire Bat was a cheater from Majestic Pictures to earn money in the success of two star Atwill & Wray and their success in previous years, Doctor X (1932), and is more of a mystery of crime than horror , as the lucrative and attractive title could have led you to believe, and quite frankly, that it's pretty boring. Edward T. Lowe Jr.'s script is quite serious and sets the main story that something kills local villagers and that something could be a vampire, then for the most part of his time the film focuses on Brettschneider & incompetent investigations are, not to put a too fine point on it, boring. Batman Vampire also has an identity crisis because he does not really know what he wants to be, the title would suggest a horror movie, while most of it could easily be described as a thriller, the last few minutes falling stupidly sci- be. There is no Vampire Bat, the attempts to trick you are pathetic, all the characters are wide stereotypes, and you can tell the bastard of the play right now, and there's nothing particularly exciting or fun about The Vampire Bat. I know he's old, but that's not an excuse because the cinema has moved a lot since 1933 and a gentle, flat, boring and misleading film, like The Vampire Bat, does not cut it off these days, just look to the original King Kong (1933), released in the same year, and how brilliant it still holds today. I did not like it and I doubt that many of those who want to make their modern footage would be either straightforward or just. Director Strayer does nothing special, but this is a case in which I can cut the film a little because of his age, as a whole is a pretty big point, pulling hope for the best things. There is not much in the atmosphere or scary, though some of the already existing sets that were taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and the European set on their bottom are beautiful and add some ambiance to things. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, Bat Vampir can not compare to anything even modern at a distance, for the age of good, I suppose, but again I draw your attention to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong, Fay Wray's role is in this sense, as the horror icon Lionel Atwill does, I will be nice and say that the action is fine. Bat Vampire I imagine I'm stupid people to think it's a horror movie about Vampire Bats, when it's not really, I personally thought everything was a bit bored. It's short and says the story is reasonable enough, but I have to admit I'm not a fan.
