What the hell was that mess. But it only takes an hour and I only paid a dollar for that, so I'm going to live ... unlike the entire distribution of this 1933 bell, which is now all dust. <br /> <br /> So, anyway, a small village begins to have bodies that blew out of their blood. Local jokes begin to talk about vampires, of course, and a little louder after each body has been found. The city's sheriff or policeman or anything else, played by the wonderful actor Melvyn Douglas, tries to tell them differently. When he mentions that the dead have a big hole on either side of the neck, instead of two holes close together, locals simply say he's a huge giant vampire. The insistent insists that vampires do not exist and must be a guilty human doing killing. But Melvyn does not look too disturbed in any way. He spends most of his time trying to get into his expensive pants played by Faye Wray. Also, in this mix is ​​the simple city played by Dwight Frye, whose travels seemed to have played the same role in every movie he made. He continues to trick the cities by catching bats and eating their own blood. Lionel Atwill plays the city doctor who apparently tries to help the soldiers solve the crimes. he was ever like an actor. Atwill is as close to the cardboard in this role as he could get. And Lionel Barrymore is also in this .... a lot of big names to be such a a bunch of guano. <br /> <In addition to the terrible mis-title of this movie, the alternate name, "The Blood Sucker" is much better, this movie is also boring and frustrating. <br /> <br /> For me, the point of the film follows Frye, it strikes strange strange city, but other than him, this film did not offer much. And when you find the reason for strange deaths and see the special effect that has asked you all this blood will really be disappointed. Bela Lugosi did a lot of terrible images, but at least he was fun and exciting to look. from this movie as a very bad Lugosi clunker WITHOUT Lugosi and you will get a feeling for how miserable the evil this misery has been. If you can not make a 1930 horror movie, at least Put Lugosi in it.
