It is the nature of business to try to capitalize on the success of others. Here we have a movie that took items from "Dracula" (1931) and "Frankenstein" (1931) before - in a German town, village leaders believe vampires (as bats) were the causes of recent bloodless deaths. Even if he was shot at Universal (and at the Bronson caves!), It's a Poverty Row feature; it's not fair to compare it with earlier movies, with higher and higher costs. From the familiar and interesting, refreshing music of the main titles (which must have been by Mischa Bakalienikoff), through talky but well-established opening, we anticipated the arrival of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye to give us a movie of mystery for 30 years. Unfortunately, it does not happen. This is disappointment. We can get less than the formal elements of such films, but with slow pace, low budget, Dwight Frye failure, Maude Eburne's exaggerated presence (Aunt Gussie) and the premise for Lionel Atwill (Dr. von Niemann) human blood, or how he expose mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazier) has never made it very clear. X "(1932) - who sees Lionel Atwill and Fay Wray, but as a father and daughter - before seeing that as I did, is an Oscar winner by comparison. Structurally, "The Vampire Bat" is still not that good, it grows with too much talk or useless comic relief, without focusing the vampire enemy hard. X "and" The Mystery of the Wax Museum "(both in 1932 and Fay Wray), Lionel Atwill's most famous appearances are as an armed gendarme in" Frankenstein Sons "(1939) and as Moriarity in Sherlock Holmes Secret Weapon "(1943). Dwight Frye steals all manic scenes in "Dracula" (1931). Like "young lovers," Melvin Douglas and Fay Wray have a beautiful kiss scene, but that's about it. He can be seen in "The Old Dark House" (1932), and Fay is dragged around Joel McCrea in "The Most Dangerous Game" (1930). Then it's her "classic cry" of 1933. Too bad, money and rewriting were not available for this movie to better present the talents and chemistry of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye. Unfortunately, then, this disappointing movie becomes just 4.
