When she established this film, director Mary Harron obviously had the objective of clearly documenting Bettie Page's career progress from the beginning of the modeling day to the end of modeling to return home after the Senate hearing on juvenile delinquency and rediscovery her religious life in the 1950s; so the intention is that she get all these facts on the screen during the given time, seems to have lost in taking any time to explain something in-depth. When you think of someone who had a career, I thought there would be a lot of discussion, reasons, decisions, life event, personal trauma, but Harron avoids any personal exploration of the character. In the first fifteen minutes of the film, there are short suggestions about child abuse, domestic violence, and the rape of a bank, but all of them rushed past and then never referred to. You have the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-writer) wanted to shine on everything that was not full of charm and flattery. You go to this movie that is expected to gain insight into who the person behind the posters is, but what you are offered is a list of things she has done and recreations of some of her most famous pictures . <br /> <br /> Everyone in the whole movie gets frustrated while you look, desperately waiting for an extra layer to reveal. How did she balance her religion with her job? What made this young girl in Tennessee move from modeling to the picture of slavery. The film simply looks like he's going to another modeling agency and putting everything he told him, but it surely would have involved shock and deliberation in 50 years. It seems to me that Harron is trying to understand how great this is through today's standards (the page never made explicit sex shots) and how the reaction that some of them gave to this kind of work was really excessive And though this is true, sordid in the eyes of others. Today we look at a young woman who is getting up and thinking about nothing, but we should have had a sense of how shocking it was for a contemporary audience. This woman was a central part of the Senate hearing about juvenile delinquency, but no one is really presented as shocked. Basically, I left this movie, thinking just how great it was. Harron and Turner have been able to avoid anything that might be unpleasant for a viewer. They meet as Miss fans two fans and are desperate to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, could put a bad light on their heroine and therefore have avoided deep analysis of who she was . (Before and after the career, there are reports of her violent nature and mental problems) And all that remains is the sequence of events that made her career without any substance behind her.
