Big Brother's ultimate goal, that we know what to think before we think, has been achieved. Is it a miracle or a sinister joke that people do not make straight, willow jackets, twist in contorted shapes and get drunk like monkeys? Movies, art, do not risk the unknown anymore, but there are lost conclusions, drained of life. "The Notorious Bettie Page" is a gentle history of the case, suited for a college course of beginner feminism. His lesson is schematic, straight and straightforward: "See how women are objectified, exploited, abused, then thrown into the garbage dump, by a male-dominated society." Bettie Page, supposedly, was the "pin-up queen of the '50s", millions of people who ejaculated. (All commentators repeat that expression, "the 1950 pin-up queen", as a choir of monkeys.) Her story as an American sexual bomb is familiar: southern, abused by her father, raped, etc. a naïf, an innocent who does not know of the prudent interests that he serves and who takes advantage of it in no way. Though she believes in Jesus, she enjoys frolicking nudity in front of a room lens - just a healthy female girl - next to the American-American sex slave supposedly fantasies. From the mouth of writer-director Mary Harron herself, Oxford, educated and ex-punker (smell the rot of privileges and "hipness" combined like me?): "I feel without feminism, I would not do that ... Do not make movies feminist in the sense that they do nothing ideological, but find that women get better my films. " What a comfortable moment. The film goes only through the movements of telling the story of a human life, its subject and its purpose being eulogized and intermingling long before the beginning of the film. Mrs. Page has a friend, but we do not see much about their relationship. In fact, there are no intimate or detailed relationships in the film. <br /> <br /> You can not ignore its sympathetic simplicity. In New York, where Ms. Page tries to fit and settle in a man's world, bound in bondage ropes and tightly linked to S & M's black leather boots and corsets, the film is black and white . But in Miami, where she goes away, takes her chaos with joy and is photographed by a "released" woman, the film turns into color. Like hell, Harron does not "make feminist films," not "do anything ideological." Ideology has become so internalized, so assumed, so scheduled that it is almost invisible. Big Brother must smile.
