On September 26, 1983, a 60-year-old woman was tried for an attempted assassination of Leonie Haddad, a lady whose husband recently died, and agreed to take a home that came through a housing authority for the elderly. Haddad was not aware that her new tenant actually came from the State Mental Hospital in Patton where she was imprisoned for an unexplained knife attack on a married couple three years ago. Haddad soon realized something was "rotten in Denmark" when the woman began to shut up in the bathroom with a tape recorder reciting the prophets of "seven gods." Haddad's fears were confirmed one evening when she woke up to find her seated resident with a bread knife, announcing that "God inspired me to kill you." Haddad managed to kill her aggressor with a phone, but not before losing a finger and suffered from deep tears in her face and chest. It was a miracle she survived. The tenant was considered innocent because of madness, but sent, kicking and screaming back to the laughing academy. Ten years later she was released and discovered that she was now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation 25 years ago when she was known as "Queen of the Curve," Tennessee Tease "and" Miss Pin Up Girl of the World ". /> <br /> Mary Harron's director, especially known for 'American Psycho, takes us back to the glory days of a legendary model of cheesecake and bondage (played quite solidly by Gretchen Mol), who unintentionally wrote the print album for the fetish iconography and whose influence can be detected in anything from catwalk cartoons to TNBP is a daily walk through a 1950s evocative representation in which the page, with the help of the family of intentional lovers and photographers, becomes the number one pocket size glossies with titles like Wink, Tab and Parade. Her true dream about the role of the film arouses her and a brush with the authorities over obscene accusations centered in 1957 is the exciting incident that makes it withdraw from modeling and give it to God. The general style of the film is luminous and sparkling and darkens only momentarily, with an allusion to her father's incestuous attention and a sexual assault that inexplicably seems to have no discernible effect on her. Mol plays the page as she looks in her photos, happy, carefree and fun - even the pictures of slavery betray a little more than a good incomprehension. The film ends with optimism, with the cheerful handing over of the Bible in a park without any indication of the unhappy marriage, the personal and decent tragedy in the murderous madness that stood before her; avoiding what I think is the core of the story of Page - resurrection and resurrection. After she left a decade of incarceration, Page found that her cult was on the rise since the mid-1980s and that it became a huge underground icon, during which many were wondering " what happened to Bettie Page ". Her "mysterious disappearance" fueled the fires of any number of conspiracy theories, adding only to the truth of her legend. When the media in the world finally arrived, she did not give any clues about her darker past, and soon she gave interviews for magazines, TV and was photographed at Playboy parties such as Pamela Anderson and Anna Nicole Smith just as tragic. She discovered that she was now more famous than she was in the "years of glory," but in the brilliance of this "resurrection" it was only a matter of time before the story came out. The only notorious thing about The Notorious Bettie Page is that they left the side when it became truly notorious.
