"Club 700" must be the only television program with the greatest popularity in the history of television. To make things worse, he has been in the air since 1966, which means that thousands, if not millions of people, buy in hate and lies. Led by Pat Robertson, the founder and unscrupulous ruler, the megalomaniac and the leader of the Christian Coalition, "Club 700" takes us from misinformation to misunderstanding, spreading "news", how they like to think about it, and try to convince the public that all the problems of the world are to blame homosexuals, Wiccans, New Age Spiritists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalist Christians, democrats, single mothers, aliens, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists and anyone who does not share fanatical religious views. It's actually the best fake news from "The Daily Show" or "Weekend Update" in "Saturday Night Live", or "FOX News" for that. Of course, Pat is the one who makes every decision, telling everything that comes to mind and who does not damn who offends or hurts them. Meanwhile, he continues his role in the struggle to turn the United States into a military police state by mistaking the religious one clinging to what he can and asking for a donation after another - not less than a 100 member, by the way , to fund Africa's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies convicted by the government in the past for their environmental abuse. No, it does not matter that Pat was a good friend of the genocidal dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him acquire such wealth; it is the greatest glory of God, do not you know? And, of course, the hosts of the "The 700 Club" are always willing to read "written by viewers" as they like to put it, coincidentally each typing in the same format and all on the same color of paper by the "spectators" healed of the misfortunes of the host names (they claim to have "words of knowledge"), but NEVER APPEAR in the program to tell what happened to them. Honestly, how can someone take a show seriously when using a faint record of applause? It should make people wonder why there is no studio audience. The sad thing that Pat friends and spectators do not realize or do not want to realize is the horrible things that he did and told them. This is a guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 on the United States were the result of God punishing us for accepting homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, given that Pat twice publicly referred to the deployment of a nuclear weapon in the State Department; I do not doubt that his fortune prevents him from being arrested for such statements. Its ranks against homosexuals, single mothers and any number of sexual practices they consider "sinful" are interesting, given that it was known that frequent brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply, so congratulations, Pat - because of you, there are probably a number of children born of single Korean mothers. Then, of course, it was the time when he demanded the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint, but still). Oh, yes, and let us not forget how soon this "crusade for human life" supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" about him, do not you tell me? And only if Pat forgot, I did not forget his little discourse that today's evangelical Christians are "treated exactly as the Jews in Nazi Germany." Honestly, comparing the "situation" with the horrors of the Holocaust is almost unforgivable. Speaking of this, I must mention how he lurked shamefully that homosexuality fled among Nazi parties in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis acted toward homosexuals just as they did to the Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. If it was Pinocchio, his nose would surround the Earth. Unfortunately, more and more people continue to believe it every day. This is your wake-up call, people; "Club 700" is one of the vaguest, if not the most vile, programs in the history of television. It is badly masked as well; is a wolf dress in sheep. It's dirty of a bigot who tries to look clean, cute and loving. It is vivid proof that ugly and dangerous religious views are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of Christian faith know that it is against all that Jesus taught, and if Jesus were to appear in this "club," He would not have confused them. Instead, He would punish them as the Pharisees of His time, and overthrow the coins of their teletones, as he did before the synagogue in His time. All I can say is God's gratitude that Pat had no chance of becoming president; if he did, he would be the promoter of Armageddon - and not the good ones.
