Some of the interesting things are Four, his son Gordon (the TV ministry seems to be a family business) and Terry Meeuwsen (Won Miss America in 1973 wearing a bathing suit and showing her legs.) Say when our poor spectators are sick and have need help. Someone with a "straight teeth" has just been cured.2. Someone with "twisted intestines" has been cured.3.Then, Terry said there was someone with a "strange state" (you mean God does not know?) A burning leg that has just been cured4. Then, Gordon said there was a man (narrowing it!) With swelling of the sinuses on his right cheek, with much pain behind his right eye, but he is now healed. Some with a problematic hip, limited mobility from stroke, are now able to walk. 6. Terry said he saw someone with severe stiffness in the neck bone, but he did not know the exact affection (God does not know?) - that the person is healed now. 7. Someone paralyzed on the right side, especially (not exactly?), The right side of the face was healed. A man (which makes the world's population more difficult), with a plaque in the skull, has continued problems and doctors do not know what to do. Terry said he saw the bones that were reforming around the plate (Funny Bones!) And the pain of man was gone, he was healed now. Here's how our hero Pat Patrifying helps sick and poor people. 1. There is a woman in Kansas City (Missouri or Kansas, but narrowing it down), which has a sinus that the Lord has dried up, now thank you to Jesus. 2. There is a man with a financial need - I think a hundred thousand dollars (I think their god must go to school or something like that!) This need is met now and within three days the money will be provided by the power miraculous of the holy spirit. I'm glad of Jesus. 3. There is a Cincinnati woman with lymph node cancer. <br /> <br /> I do not know if he was still diagnosed (Ask your rebellious god!) but you did not feel well and the gentleman is dissolving that cancer right now! 4. There is a lady in Saskatoon (I suppose Canada) in a wheelchair curve of the spine, the Lord is heading for us right now and you can get up and walk! (If you have this condition you ignore Pat!) And it's yours. Thank you Jesus! Amen, Amen! When Pat Robertson had prostate cancer, went to Peter Popoff, Oral Roberts, Benny Hinn, Terry or Gordon? Not! On February 17, 2003, Pat went to a real doctor to do the surgery! (Do you mean he does not trust his healing friends, Terry or his own son Gordon?) When LT Pat Robertson was in the navy during the Korean War he was a liqueur officer responsible for keeping the liquor officers. He was known to drink himself and frequent prostitutes and he is afraid he contacted the gonorrhea (I should have asked for a healer for help!) The reason Pat left the battle was because his father Absalom Willis Robertson D Va 1946-66) was Chairman of the Senate Committee on Military Credits. The Terrorist Attacks, September 11, 2001 We imagined invincible and we were consumed by the pursuit of health, wealth (Pats worth between 150 and 200 million dollars!) Material pleasures (a mansion in Virginia Virginia Beach with a launch helicopter pad!) and sexuality (He had sex with his future wife before the marriage they had a son!). It (terrorism) happens because God raises our protection from us. (The statement was released on September 13, 2001) Pat Robertson reminds me of Burgermeister about Santa Claus is happening in town and the vengeful evil god reminds me of Venger on Dungeons And Dragons. Bord Gordon did what Father Pat says to her, and Terry is a paid woman, yes, who has no mind of theirs! This will really get you! The September 5, 2005 edition of The 700 Club included a Christian Broadcasting Network correspondent, Gary Lane, outside of the Convention Center in New Orleans, which hosted disastrous victims for most of the weekend's poverty . evacuation "Lane said that" include this voodoo cup with the word "May the curse be with you". A photograph of a glass of plastic cups from one of the New Orleans storks stores appeared on the screen. the title of Guerrilla Warfare and Thugs 'R' Us, "Lane said, showing a bunch of CDs or rap scattered on the ground (his great father Absalom taught Pat racism well!) If any of you good people I'm thinking of donating to those sexist gay men, please, in the name of God, not sponsor a basketball or softball team, put on a shelf, be a big brother or sister of a child, but please do not give them these people because they have been around for over 40 years and did not fix anything. If you still do not believe me Pat Robertson heard during the commercial break on the web and hit the search and once you hear what I really like you, I know for sure that you will not give a penny to these liars! And how Terry once had a divorce, and Pat often spoke against divorce on my shows, and I like to say hello to the people of Dover Pennsylvania, Orlando Florida et and to those loved by hurricane Katrina and I hope it's a nice day. Was the blessing operation helpful for New Orleans? (I doubt!) Please inform our readers! Do! By the way, if you are sick, go to a real doctor and let everyone laugh at these liars and one day, Burgermeister Pat, Gordon and Terry can go elsewhere and can take Venger with their angry god !
