I do not think there has ever been a worse or bad television program in the United States like "The 700 Club". They are today equivalent to the Ku Klux Klan of the twentieth century. Their hatred for everything that is good and sweet and human and pure is beyond any ability to understand. Their constant daily attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of people around the world who do not happen to share their enormous, cruel, monstrous, and absolutely crazy vision of mankind, is beyond what television has ever seen. The lies and the ridiculous lies that they try to pass through as a truth, such as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil", is so absurd that they seem to they have lost in their fantasy. Healthy people know that religion is a drug and should not be left dependent on that type of fantasy. However, the Club 700 is in a class of its own. I'm really a worshiper. While I believe in freedom of speech, they spread hate, lies, misinformation, and such fantastic ideas go beyond all bounds. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association will eventually take over the study of those people who are mistaken in this way, people who leave so deeply in the fantasy country of religion that they no longer have any real concept of reality. Treatment for those affected individuals is extremely necessary in this country because so many people have completely lost their minds to the fantasy of religion. However, the 700 Club is even more horrible as it comes to the legal definition of "cult," but due to the rich wealth of The 700 Club (condemned daily by millions of Americans blocked in their deceptive adherence), they are above by the law of this country. For those who saw Matrix, you know the movie was a metaphor of religion on earth: the wicked who are at the top of each of the religions who give the ones they have captured and cruelly abuse for their own selfish purposes, and those millions who are kept in a sleep of death and slowly slowly out of their life force are those many people who belong to religions and who have lost all their ability to perceive what is really happening around them. <br /> <br /> In less civilian times, ordinary people would have driven such monsters as those connected to Club 700 in the city with torches and forks. But in today's world, where people have missed all the choices they make in their television choices, we can not get rid of the plague of the Club. <br /> <br /> The TV rating system and the 'V' chip on TVs should also have a rating called 'R' for religion so that rational people and parents can display with Easily an intellectual and brutal rape of emotional violence, such as those presented by the Club 700 every day from across the country, from themselves and their children.
