The years have passed since Don Wilson used his expertise in martial arts to take down a robot scheduled to destroy him, he is also married to the blond reporter (Stacie Foster) who led the rebellion in the first film, now it is a new conspiracy, one involving "look-alike" droids that puts the two heroes together and a corporation that wants to master the world (there is no plot to support this) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual resumption of the first movie. I admit that I bought DVDs from the luggage cart that were made by the PM, PM was a company specializing in cheap action shots (like that), which had tons of explosions, little story and generally nothing else than cut action. Some of these titles were (slightly) enjoyable (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), however, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is blocked with charismatic casting without Don Wilson. When comparing the protagonists to PM-like efforts, both Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are Oscar nominations compared to Don Wilson. Another sign is that it was directed by Richard Pepin, who does not have any of the flair that Joseph Merhi seems to have in achieving action sequences that feel more expensive than their budgets. Then again, although both Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to achieve. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a rip off with a R chapter, there are so many feeds from better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier even Halloween III!) That it's almost as if Richard Pepin is trying to infuse a feeling pedestrian material identity, but without smart ideas or at least the wonderful zipper of extraordinary action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 collapses. It's literally not a good idea that it is not borrowed from a better film and cast cucumber support. The only exception comes from Tony Burton, which is smaller than the material. Stacie Foster also shows that it could be better with better materials. However, the Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is mainly as noisy, gentle and blurred as its leading man, although there are no actual real martial arts to fall back, everything is there, there are a lot of sloping cars and the only ones is not a substitute for bankruptcy ambition expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of 4- (Poor)
