When they killed the character of John Amos, they killed the show. He was the vital part of the info structure. You had a story about a family in the inner city that was trying to make it the best way to know how. They were poor, they were black, and they were a living proof that if you had Jesus and your family nothing was too hard. Sure James would lose jobs and JJ would fail at school, but the family has always managed to find a way. <br /> <br /> James was the strong male model who earned income and disciplined the children. Florida was a strong lady that everyone would have included James when she needed a shoulder to cry or embrace her. The children had personalities and contributions that made them important as a family unit. Their Willona neighbor was also a key element because she was not just a friend but some dear enough to be a family. Things were bright, pebble, fun and honest until they changed course. James dies and JJ took over the show. Flo was still mother, Thelma was blooming in a lady, and Michael was still a militant cat, but JJ was the show. We had to believe that the family without a father or a prominent breadwinner would remain in the apartment. I think James's salary did not do much for the family. They were only threatened by escape because they said they were moving and not because no one in the house worked. I know JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael have finally got jobs, but come here to be real. James worked so hard you could feel for him, but the others were not realistic at all, and that's a shame. JJ was the comic relief, but I felt the need for a show. It's good to be funny, but they had the chance to show a real family and what they took to survive in the real world and threw everything in a few laughs. The character of Michael almost disappeared, while the rest of the cast went into the shadow of JJ Evan's performance. I mean, he was a guy who did not get to school, he continued to be released and painted money in about two episodes. James was always there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not seem to care. Why did she take so long to understand that painting was what she had to do? He could have sold the painting on the street or worked for people who print billboards and books. (He did, but something went wrong with that.) Why did not she do it and why the others quit their dreams? I tell you why, because they did not have a father in their lives to care and cheer them, and their mother would no longer bear their dreams. The show stopped us from learning about building, building and learning, and taught us about gimmicks and catch phrases. He should have kept James. If a show needed a father, it was one.
