Okay ... it looks like so far, only the bartender fans commented on this movie - the time for a counterpoint. Be careful, this writing is * LONG *. For those who do not know (especially non-Belgians): Tom Barman, director of this film, is the dEUS frontman, one of the most famous rock bands in the late '90s here in Belgium. Basically, they made some very adventurous and innovative albums and quickly became fame at national level. Then the ego started to hurt and the band broke up, while the Bartender and some others left to make albums under the dEUS monument. The way it always happens in such cases, dEUS post-breakdown was much stranger and less interesting than the original. They tried to make international progress with the album "The Ideal Crash" in 1999, presenting a much diluted form of their composition. They did not make it. Yet, the ego was still quite large, it seems to be: Big enough for the Bartender to think it good enough for an artist to try movies. More often than not, this kind of work is a big mistake. the film is no exception. And the Bartender went clear for * art * on this, another very big mistake. Actually, he is a musician, not a film director. For another, dEUS has the best way of fun and challenging music, but never close to what I would consider * art *. This shows. <br /> <br /> So what's this movie about? Basically, he tells the story of a group of completely uninteresting people, making things just as uninteresting during an absolutely uninteresting Friday in Antwerp, because even more unpleasant things happened to them to be uninteresting. Characters are superficial, the total useless plot and the film has no other redemption qualities to compensate for these shortcomings. Humor? The whole movie made me smile (lightly) about 3 times, and actually I managed to make a 5-second laugh (not too loud). Mood? The film does not seem to show any kind of emotion or feeling. Mystery? (* MINOR SPOILER *) The idea of ​​"wind-man", which inspires the name of the movie, is as enthusiastic as a banana pizza - not very, and it was made a thousand times before (anyone remembers Johnny Destiny - one of Tarantino's most serious appearances on the film so far) (* END MINOR SPOILER *). And well, your artistic *, so do not expect any real action to compensate all the previous ones. In other words, except for a few smiles, I got bored of my shorts. So what's left? Well, the soundtrack is pretty good, although it suffers from some of the same issues that have been shown and others lately: First, it makes the film just a CD advertisement. Second, it gives the impression that the Bartender is trying to conceal the weaknesses and lack of emotional content in the film behind the quality of song content, which simply does not work. Finally, it makes the movie a mere illustration of the songs. And, unfortunately, it is a personal contribution of the Barmans to the soundtrack that receives the most attention, although it is the weakest part of the whole soundtrack as far as I am concerned. All in all, we just need to show that the Barman knows more about music than about movies. Also work in the room is fine, although it is not something that would make you scream with joy. The only thing about this movie that kept me looking was the view factor. Since I came from Antwerp, it was fun to play a guess-location game. However, I would hardly consider this as a quality. Overall, another chance was lost to the Flemish film. I still notice that lately, the best Belgian films come from the French side of the country. This happens most because at least they have something to say and manage to say in such a sharp and emotional way (the Daerden brothers come to mind). Perhaps Flemish filmmakers should try this too.
