What we have here is a classic case of too much patriotism. This happens when you live in a small country with very little cinematic stories (almost none, not even). Whenever someone comes up with a slightly more ambitious film project? other than the usual dramas about struggling farmer families or long-lasting comedy films? everyone feels obliged to love them and even responds to the spread of favorable reviews beyond the borders of the countries. This is particularly true when the writer / director of this film is already a lover of a nation, because he is also the founder and soloist of a popular rock band. "Any Way The Wind Blows" is not a bad movie at all, but it is certainly overestimated (if possible even within a small country) and has nothing new, not even original, to offer. This is essentially the Flemish version of classic films, such as Short Cuts and Magnolia, and depicts a mosaic of characters whose daily lives seem to have nothing to do but eventually unite in follow. The only thing that seems to unite the eight protagonists at first is the city of Antwerp, where all live and work, but gradually the deeper relationships become transparent and close to the culmination that everyone gathers for a party. The main problem with "Any Way The Wind Blows", at least according to your true, is with the characters. They are indeed elected, uninterested and honest, do not experience anything that might be considered inconsistent. Perhaps it was the intention of writer / director Tom Barman to describe the ordinary and ordinary inhabitants of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what is the reason? One of the characters is fired from the projection screen, another is a failed writer struggling with a marriage crisis, two brothers have recently lost their father, and the most "mysterious" one is followed by wind wherever he goes . There are a few pairs of characters that run regularly on the screen, but it is worth mentioning less. These people simply talk about very random subjects (such as 80s life, their intestinal data and movements) and philosophy about issues that nobody cares about. Some of the dialogues evoke slight chic, especially the interactions between the two twenty-year-olds in Ghent, but nothing extraordinary or even memorable. The film works best as a tourist film that promotes the city of Antwerp and an extensive and versatile musical documentary. There are several stylish and wonderful pictures of Antwerp and music is always beautiful even if it is very loud or subtle in the background. Generally speaking, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is a competent and stylish effort, but too bright and slightly boring, and I sincerely ask that most of its fans would be disturbed even if it were not a Flemish production.
