This movie was agitated, incoherent and controversial. It was also a very portrayal of women. I rented it because it was listed as a comedy (that's a stretch), and because the cover said Andie McDowell was doing a storm in it. It was not. I'm a gal, I watched this movie with two guys and I spent an hour after that exclaiming how bad it was. WARNING: SUMMARY OF THE LOWER PLOT! RAMPAN RELATIONS! The film begins with a rather stinging plot about an older woman who deals with a younger man toward the severe disapproval of her two single jealous friends. They want to marry a boring guy of their age, who is kind of in love with her. But she is so happy with her exaggerated puppy that you are rooting for her to keep him out, and quite surely, she decides to marry the guy. But her harp girlfriend, helped by those who want to lose her mouth, creates a plot that cheated our heroine into thinking the guy is cheating on him. Works. She struggles with him, drips out of the house and is crushed by a truck (Remember the title of the movie?) So now he's dead, two-thirds of the way through the movie. And although our heroine is a director school that spends time looking at girls, she forgot to use birth control and is pregnant. She has already broken relationships with her friends because they were so unbearable. Alone and pitiful, she decides to marry the boring guy. Did I mention that the boring guy who loves her is a minister? He asked him to marry the young man (nice, right?) But now he tells him he will marry him and apparently does not object to being stuck in that way. But her friends save her at the altar and take her home where they do not confess that they are more responsible for the love of her life becoming a snatch. He has the baby. In the final scene, she puts her in a cot in her home while she comes out on the veranda to drink, smoke and feel smug. I'm not bored, it's so bad. I gave up the part about the red herring cancer and the ridiculous moment of Harpy's lesbian.
