I've been forever against the inclusion of songs in a movie. My belief was that the quality of the movie would be improved automatically if only those extremely annoying songs were directed. However, things have changed rapidly after watching this horrible Black (without songs) and this movie, a lot of songs. While Black was weak to the extreme, it offers an exciting story with a strong action and a good direction. The songs were almost accidental and were mixed almost in no way with the movie. Certainly no woman has been sprayed with water for any apparent reason from mysterious sources of water as she walks in the streets at night. I was pleasantly surprised by the director's bold and unabashed approach. There was no gloss over anything and almost every scene was completely credible. I would recommend this movie to Hindi speaking with at least a slight understanding of Mumbai's life. The first because subtitling in English was underweight and contained many errors that sometimes completely reversed the meaning of the real statement. The latter because you will appreciate the accuracy of the image accurately once you have lived it alone. <br /> <br /> I would definitely be a class as a work of international recognition. Scenes with gossip drivers have been a pleasant touch and have served as a source of authentic humor as well as another insight into the whole mishmash. The film does not fit in some places, but where the characters sometimes say the most unexplainable things that destroy the general direction of the film. I also thought that some sad scenes were not done very well. It was a funny touch to look at, rather than to awaken any sense of sadness, and all the scene had a tendency to come across a bit stupid. These are minor issues, though, because the film as a whole is really a rare pursuit. Generally speaking, it is a cynical, pessimistic and invigorating perspective! Actors, not "heroes" - that's the key. A chance to look credible human beings in an extraordinary setting - everyday life. Behind the scene, he looks at the degree of depravity and a rare rarity of hope for the Indian cinema. <br /> <br /> 8/10.
