I almost came out, but I paid my money and my almost disgusted friend wanted to resist. After the bold innocence, the eyes of the closed eyes of "New hope" and the thrilling sophistication of "The Empire is Returning," I remember waiting for the "Jedi Return" with almost painful anticipation. But from the opening scene of this insulting commercial channel, I was disappointed with bitterness and I was angry with Lucas. He should have been ashamed of himself, but this abomination certainly demonstrates that he does not have a particle of subatomic shame in his cold, greedy heart. The episode I will continue to strengthen this fact - your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please send the members of the jury first). Since the initial release of the Jabba's gate, this "film" was nothing but a two-hour commercial plus for as many action figures as could be licensed and lucrative as Lucas could bury himself in it - the pork guards, hokey-pigtailed flunky, Jabba's muppet-pet, new and recycled cabaret figures, monsters, etc. etc., ad vomitum. Then there were cute and marketable Ewoki. Piles over all the aliens of the Rebel Alliance. Fifteen seconds each on the screen (or less) and the GOTTA rifles have one for their collection. The blatant and exploited financial explosion of children is nausea. Lucas did not even bother to come up with a new plot - he exhumed Death Star from "A New Hope", and he recovered in a charge of cheap sentiment. What a terrible slap in front of his fans. I can not shake the idea that Lucas had a perverse pleasure in provoking his brother: "I had those woods hung so badly that I can uncover the worst piece of garbage I could have dreamed of, and they will boast in the theaters to raise them In addition, all the children will jump and torture their parents until the brothers buy a complete collection of action figures of each undiscovered accidental caricature, caricature that I have filled and I get a cut from each one. This will make me even more obsessed with the rich. "It might have been a tiny and exciting part of the redeeming moments in this miserable rip-off. I remember that Harrison Ford managed to keep his nose a little over the surface of this dike. But no matter how few light they might be, they are massively destroyed by the offensive commercialism that Lucas attracted so boldly in this total, absolute, profitable sale.
