Freddy's Dead: The last nightmare begins as a dream dream Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the outskirts of Springwood without reminding himself of who he is or why he is there. The local police pick it up and take her to a youth center where child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) interviews him finds a pocket newspaper that leads the two on Elm Street in Springwood where they find that children are not there and , therefore no victim for Freddy kills anyone. Everything turns out to be a plan developed by Freddy to find his daughter and use it to get rid of Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is up to, and some kids decide to kill Freddy once and for all ... Directed by Rachel Talalay, this was done with the intention of being the Last Nightmare on the Film Elm Street, which has so far reached five, of course, any fan of the horror movie knows if there is money to make from a franchise or a character, then there's no chance in hell Freddy's Dead: Final Nightmare would be the last one that, of course, was not. The A Nightmare Series on the Elm Street series was a franchise of low returns, as the series progressed until we got here. The film moves at a reasonable pace and is seldom boring, but it is so stupid, childish and feels like a kind of live action cartoon with terrible scenes of horror scene that seem to be a million miles to the original suspense and original of Wes Craven. The sequence in which Stoner Spencer is caught inside a video game played by Freddy is terrible on his own, but then we are treated to shoot his body corpses actually jumping around the house from the wall to the wall and floor to ceiling, is the most ridiculous thing I've seen in a while, or perhaps the first scenes when child John Doe falls from a plane to the ground, just like the Coyote cartoon character in Road Runner cartoons or the absurd vision of Freddy who threatens deaf Carlos with pins who intends to descend on the floor to make a loud noise or when he finally kills him by scraping his knives on a blackboard. You can not take this seriously and I just stood there without believing what I was seeing. When he finally tries to kill Freddy, the hero is given a special secret weapon, yes, there is a pair of 3-D cartons! The character is weak, the dialogue is weak and the intrigue is confusing, it does not really stick to the continuity of Elm Street and generally the film is a bit of misery, the best thing to say about it is that it has enough unintentional humor and you can certainly laugh at it. The film has major tonal problems while trying to be dark, scary and sinister, but it is so stupid and simply looks ridiculous at times when any attempt to be serious falls completely flat. There are not too many ghosts in this case, there are some fingers cut, some fists, someone falls on a nail bed and that's it. The body count is extremely low here, with only three dead. The last twenty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare was actually shot in 3-D, though the version I saw presented as a normal part, so I can not comment on how well it works or not, but you can see definitely photos that are meant to be seen in 3-D taking advantage of the process. The special effects vary, some are pretty good in fact, while the others are terrible, and the burns made by Freddy this time look pretty poor. This apparently had a budget of about $ 5,000,000 (it had a box opening weekday, the office takes $ 12,000,000) and the movie has some pretty visual touches and gags that make things feel even more cartoon than it is already. The actress is very weak from the main leads, although there are some strange cameos including Tom Arnold and Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. Freddy's Dead: Final Nightmare is probably the worst of the whole series and besides a certain amount of unintentional laughter, there is not much to recommend or enjoy. The fans of the series probably want to defend and defend it, but for me this is just as far from Wes Craven's classic shock as it happens. Followed by New Nightmare (1994), who tried to take Freddy Krueger & Series in a new and different direction.
