WARNING: THE MAGAZINE CONTAINS WINTER SPOILS A few years ago I was able to see the first five films in this franchise and planned to review the entire Elm St. series. However, only two years and I find that I can not remember enough about them to do it? I think he could not have made a big impression. From what I remember, some of the sequel? Dream Warriors in particular? they were not as bad as they often do, although the original was not classical. Generally, the predictability of the premises (if people often fall asleep in their dreams) is not subject to narrative tensions. But while I can not remember much of the first five films, I know they did not rock the depths of Freddy's death. An indication of how ill Freddy was the public at this time can be judged by the fact that the film was promoted exclusively after the character's resignation. The fact that the conclusion of the film is not even hidden, but in fact, the whole purpose of the film is to illustrate how relentless, soulless and cynical this adventure was. Considering the moral idea of ​​having a child's molester as the charismatic villain, scary, terrifying, laughter of Robert Englund's laughter. I always thought Freddy's teasing of adolescent victims was less directed towards characters than the teenage audience who could have ever watched this buzz. It's like Englund's shouting, "We know it's rubbish, but you pay to see, so who's the laugh?" And I'm sure victims of child abuse would be disappointed to see such an insensitive description of their situation. Was Freddy's look in always so rudimentary movies? All you have to do here is a few "haaaaaaaaaaaaaarr har har" hars "and that's it. If it was the only Elm movie you've ever seen, you could not get to know the character. a retrospective, Englund plays it as a boo-sire pantomime, with ironic transatlantic irony (excessive, stray, and not at all amusing), universal, poor, look at how many times Breckin Meyer surpasses with hand gestures and language but only Kananga himself, Yaphet Kotto, retains his dignity, and when Roseanne, Tom Arnold and Alice Cooper appear, you can almost see that the movie sinks further into the mud, and the script is absolutely stupid, almost without merit. Dean Logan) opens a roadmap that Freddy, like Noel Coward, has written alive "you are f ** ked." When asked for a map, Carlos responds "well, the map says we are f ** ked. "Who wrote the script, Oscar Wilde, or how about the scene in which Carlos is tortured by Freddy, has his hearing risen to painful levels? So, Freddy tortures him threatening to lose a bolt? a potentially lethal sound, as all the sounds are amplified. Strangely, the fact that Carlos is crying at the tip of his voice in order not to give up appears to have no effect. "Nice to hear from you, Carlos," Freddy said, hoping there would be better lines. It is also noteworthy that dream sleep does not happen instinctively, so unconscious beating would not allow instant access to Freddy's world. Although, as part of the narrative, it contains a human computer game and a 3-D final plot logic is not so high on the list of requirements. The teenagers who are heading right now are really the most unpleasant, a scornful group in the whole series. Tracy (Lezlie Deane) is the only one who comes to greet Freddy with "hang up f ** k up, man" and a shot in shells. And was the pop music incongruent always part of the ingredients? Freddy's dead. Do not laugh. Do not scare. No interest. No fun. <br /> <br />
