In fact, they did not, but certainly did when trying to think of a single line that adequately summarizes how terrible this serial entry is. There were a few moments that could have been good, but they are mostly overcome by their own transformation into lost opportunities and do not make me start on bad. The chances of losing are quite obvious, but I will recapitulate them here if someone cares. Anyone who did not see the movie and really offer a shot would have advised not to read at this time. The first, and probably the biggest, lost opportunity, was the plot with Freddy's long-lost child. Now, the extreme psychological illness that Freddy seems to suffer (and may hurry to add that less than one percent of mental patients is a threat to other people, left alone to this extent) is HEREDITAR, so why not a the mystery slasher where Lisa Zane's character dreams that Freddy kills adolescents, but later discover that she actually does all the killing? Call it a good plot idea for you? Obviously, he was above the heads of Talalay and De Luca. Then there is a trip to Springfield, where the entire teenager has been eliminated, and the other adults face a kind of mass psychosis. Fortunately, mass psychosis has been described in a realistic and persuasive manner, although this has a rather strong connection with the fact that it never shows us too much. We only give some quick visual suggestions about the massive loss of connection with reality, which would result from the pain of every young man in the city who died for reasons that could not be understood and controlled. The key issue with this plot is that the city is abandoned too quickly and without real response. This collection of scenes would be much more confusing, with ten minutes to say ... a healthy citizen explaining to these visitors why the Springfield Fair looks like a horror show. Of course, horror films are never remembered for the development of their characters unless they are the kind of horror films John Carpenter used to direct, but how should we really care when the characters that do we know them we know nothing about death? At least Wes Craven took the time to set up his original characters and used some cheap tricks to attract the audience. This, in short, is probably Freddy's Dead's biggest problem: it's just not trying everything, leaving yourself hard enough. On a similar note, I'm sorry for Robert Englund, now that he's more or less related to the Freddy character. He played much better characters in much better productions (V-science-fiction ministry, for example) and to always remember that "the man who played Freddy" sells him pretty short. Looks like he'll never break the horror movie now. As for the rest of the cast, I think their performances speak for themselves. They deserved to be continuously broadcast as a bit more than B-grade horror recordings. Even Yaphet Kotto does not get away with this unthinking because his character is one of the most described in the history of B films. In total, Freddy's Dead receives 1 of me. I would have voted less, but IMDb does not allow this. FD is indeed proof of how the writer's inability to exploit a concept to the greatest extent can ruin not only a film but a whole franchise.
