I read COWGIRLS from Tom Robbins, receiving BLUES as a teenager. I liked every word. It was sexy, fun and full of beautiful scenery and beautiful scenery. But when I saw the movie, I could not believe what a dull, unhappy and joyous piece was. How did this happen? I think someone in Hollywood read this book and sent it to "GAY PRIDE - WOMEN - LESBIANS". (That's the title of the Congress Library topic.) Now anyone over 12 years old who reads the book will know she has nothing to do with real lesbians, more than STAR WARS is about real-world travel. The book was obvious - and I mean it - written by a heterosexual man who loves IDEA lesbians (in nude, all the time), but he never really met her. Still, somebody in Hollywood said, "uh, better to give this to a homosexual director or Gay people will be in trouble." So they handed it to Gus Van Sant. Nothing against the man, but - no matter how Gay is indeed - has no idea how to make a funny movie. Gus Van Sant made a playful fantasy of an honest, actionless girl and girl, and male voyeurism turned her into a lesbian Power Recruiting poster. It's like turning a comedy Oscar Wilde into a tragedy of Arthur Miller. It's not cute. The main clue that Gus Van Sant had no idea what to do with the source material was the evil casting. He allowed him to hire the best. Ignoring the real subtext of the novel (the right man's fantasy, not a poster of recruiting homosexual pride) has led him to make choices that are not only bad but also bizarre. Let's meet EVEN COWGIRLS GET BLUES. PAT MORITA as "THE CHINK" Well, there are few Asian name recognition actors. And Pat Morita, in HAPPY Days, was pretty funny. But throwing it out as CHIAR was wrong, wrong, wrong. Pat Morita has no idea that Chink is a very funny man. (Gus did not tell her.) Pat also does not seem to know that Chink is. . . well, SEX! The old gentleman Miyagi is not wise in the book. It's more like Hugh Hefner! He's an old goat and knows a lot about Sissy's and Bonanza Jellybean's pleasure. (See, in her book, they are NOT REALLY lesbian. Do you think this is the fantasy of a right man?) JOHN HURT as "COUNTESS". Okay, he's a homosexual friend. But he is a SERIOUS, SHAKESPEAREAN ACTOR !!!! You need someone to be fun and camp for this role. For John Hurt to be thrown as a strange guy as the Countess is tragic and sad. I waited for Paul Scofield to wander around the world dressed as Thomas More and shake his head sadly. "Now, Richard, you know you've lost your soul entirely. To shame, my former student! And yes, John Hurt was funny (and quite gay) like Caligula. But that was black humor, not humorous and playful as the story. RAIN PHOENIX as "Bonelza Jellybean". No talent, no training, no problem. Except that in the book Bonanza is funny, playful, cheerful, (especially) heterosexual and loving. In the movie, she is disturbing, passive, devoid of expression and boring. As for the taste for women, Robbins puts it in the book like that. "God knows that I love women, but nothing can take the place of a man who fits." Gus? Did you read this book? <br /> <br /> UMA THURMAN as "Sissy Hankshaw." This is a tough job. In the book Sissy is indeed an unusually passive and shy heroine. However, a more successful actress could have blinked an eye or a walking move to involve a certain hidden force or a hidden joy of her adventures. Uma does not shoot her, probably because Gus never told her that Sissy should enjoy an excursionist with a beautiful body and huge fingers. Uma interprets her more than in a TV movie about a girl who died of leukemia. <br /> <br /> This movie is sour and boring. And I accuse you, Gus Van Sant!
