* May Contain Containers * A few weeks after I first wrote my review of Hood of the Living Dead I realized I was a little too harsh in this movie. That's why I decided to do something I have not done before. Review the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still think it's a problem, and I still think the zombies do not look all zombie-ish. The story in the film is still in my opinion, weak and pretty blades. The story is about a guy named Rick who works as a scientist (who happens to work on a serum that heals diseased cells in animals) and his brother Germaine, the two are not exactly the best ( my, an original plot point) and argues very much. One day, Germaine is shot in a shooting car and Rick calls his scientist to bring the serum to try to resuscitate Germaine (while most people would have called 911 but anyway) of course, serum fails and Germaine "" (if it had not happened that there would not have been a movie), after the police and the forensic doctor (by the end of time I would think paramedics should have appeared) (which I still think it was the truck of someone with a "coroner" gap thrown sideways), and Germaine returns to life to attack and kill the paramedics. I would talk more about the plot, but I feel that if I reveal more about the story you would not want to watch (and we do not want that now?) But it suffices to say that the story is my opinion at least meandering and it's pretty slow motion (not intended). As I said before, the zombies do not look very much like zombies, I think they seem to have been in a bar fight. That does not mean that everyone should be degraded and not, but there should be at least signs of bite on the victims. I still do not like the fact that the director (s) continues to move the pace at which the zombies move. They could not seem to decide whether to fly or run (like most zombie movies), do not get me wrong, I'm for the zombies, but I'm making people out of your mind. In one scene, the zombie runs to the living, and in the other he struggles with them. And sometimes they do not seem credible (yes, I know their fictional creatures, but all), of course, I mean the zombie who gets his hand on the wall as if walking through a dark room and not yet he's a zombie on the ground, he's shot, then beaten as if he's been shot. And the sound of the film disturbed me, especially the music, which, although it may have been my copy of the film, seemed quite non-existent. The music in a movie is an important person. Especially when sounding sounds like the director took only one friendship camera and made a small zombie. The act is still atrocious (in my opinion) and resembles the American actors in the Japanese film Zombie Junk. The movie is still bad, near the house of the dead, it's better, no doubt about it, but again that does not say too much. It's not the worst movie out there, and it's better than a lot of direct movies to the movies that are there, but at the end of the day it was not good. Also, I think the movie really moves very slowly, despite the fact that it's only an hour and twenty minutes (and yes, I still do not like the opening song). This is the type of movie that I think is right to be award-winning on the Sci-Fi network. That's why I'm forced to give this disaster to one out of ten. But think of it this way, at least it is not a negative one.
