It was undoubtedly the worst thing I've ever spent. I feel dirty because I admitted that I rented this movie and that I paid money to see it. This does not even measure garbage. No no. This is the juice that is collected at the bottom of industrial deposits located in particularly dirty districts after a very damp summer. To call the garbage bin would be to degrade garbage everywhere. It was so bad that I felt I had to register with IMDb and warn my fellow. This luvahire character claims this movie is great. One has to question his wisdom of reality. Let's take some of his comments and analyze them. "The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a really good job." Well, if the director imagined that the audience turns and wins to every Ricky's pronouncement, or alternatively, breaks into uncontrollable laughter at times when most directors would like a more bleak reaction from the audience, then yes; Ricky did a great job. "I'm an aspiring actor taking theater at my school and I have to make a play where I have to cry and it's not easy to be emotional in a scene I give props to actors who have to make an emotional scene and they can get it out. I have to give props to actors who can take emotional scenes. Luvahire, maybe you want to look at another line of work there, pal, if you think these chuckleheads have taken him out. However, they can help if you have to practice crying. Just watch the movie. Ha. Ha. Ha. <br /> <br /> If I were a theater teacher at school, I would have left you just based on this one commentary. <br /> <br /> I am too disgusted to continue. I'm going through the movie that's playing my assistant, Mr. Bangla. <br /> <br /> Good! If you continued to read this, we believe you have already seen the movie and now look for one of the two things in this commentary: 1) Additional vitriolic deterioration of what you agree to extremely poor film. 2) Additional vitriolic degradation of what you think was a good cinematic effort, you have to defend yourself against such slanderous forests like me. If you want to help get rid of disgust or ammunition for agitated repair, if I say something good, you will only disappoint - let me assure you that there is little chance of disappointment. <br /> <br /> The other negative comments here at IMDb have already listed the film's specific flaws (for example, act, soundtrack, direction, dialogue, editing, etc.), yet all of these errors can be easily forgiven, themselves and themselves. Few people will rent a movie titled "Hood of the Living Dead" if they require these items to be top-notch. The final failure of "Hood" is, however, his failure to respect the abundant promise of his name. "Hood of the Dead Dead" is practicing jumps from the shelf to the video store, with its implications for cornices and creative killing. Here was a chance to mix the noisy gore of the zombie movie with the realism of life in the ghetto to have gangsta-thug bombin 'zombies on innocent life as they made shit, too mortal lice on their misleading journeys. The mix of the two genres could have been hilarious. Instead, the film looks more like middle school children who shy about the tracks they play, but they do not understand. To avoid a feeling of betrayal by their video rental audience, I suggest that the Quiroz brothers play the movie with the following title: "Hood of the Living Dead: A horror movie home, which I shot camcorder with some friends in - a weekend last summer because we were bored. " Or maybe they released him as a documentary. "Creativity of the Day has died: an exploration of how a low-budget movie can still be completely lacking in intelligent or original thinking, despite the lack of links with a big movie studio." <br /> <br /> The potential winner whose interest has not been stopped should find the following description on the back of the video: "The Quiroz Brothers have once again proved that observing things that you can easily do is very interesting ". Bangla
