In the film of director Sooraj Barjatya, the 20-year-old boy, Shahid Kapur, is shot by anger, the face of the little town that his father chose to marry. Because of her innocence and simplicity, Shahid agrees to marry only after meeting her at her Madhupur home, and the young lady in question, Amrita Rao, looks just as impatient with her charming protender. Marriage is fixed for six months later, and the couple is in the first rage of young, infatuated love despite their geographical distance. But Amrita, who was raised by her uncle and her aunt after the death of her parents, is struck by horrible misfortune just a few hours before marriage. And then, Shahid must play the honorable lover and lure her unconditionally. Like Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatya's new Vraja movie is also a family drama with a highly idealistic ideology. But, unfortunately, the plot of this new film seems to be overtaken, even more than those regressive soaps Ekta Kapoor. And the problem is clear? you just can not relate to such characters who do not have a bad body in their bodies. There are many things that work in favor of and against Hindi movies, and the moment is such an important factor. Twenty years ago, maybe Vivah's plot might not have felt such a stretch, but today it seems to be a product of a locked mind in a warp time. Perhaps the only film that saves grace is that he escapes sincerity from beginning to end, you can immediately find out that the director's intention is not to deceive. Judging by both Barjatya's previous films and closely examining this new one, you can safely say that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, believes in his good characters as gold, believes that large families can live together happily under the same roof without the smallest blow. But unfortunately, he fails to translate his vision on the screen. Is it hard to overlook the way the one-dimensional protagonists are? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virgins? I mean, think, the first time I hold my hands is an hour and twenty minutes in the movie. Barjatya may think she is returning to the roots of Maine Pyar Kiya with Vivah, but the truth is that the reason I hugged Salman and Bhagyashree in that movie or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun is because they had fantastic chemistry. Although they were created from the same matrix as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, those pairs had malice and masks. Shahid and Amrita are just insipid and boring. For a film that relies heavily on music to tell the story, the director chooses a string of 70-style melodies, which only further weaken the pace of slowing the movie. But if I had to choose one reason to explain why Vivah is not working for me, it's because I'm not sure I can refer to any of the characters who live the story of Barjatya. For some, Vivah will hope that a perfect world like this is actually there somewhere. But I'm a little cynical. So give me the Madhuri of Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me Salman from Maine Pyar Kiya, I'll even take Karisma Kapoor from Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from this. You know, some marriages are not made in the heavens. That's Vivah!
