If this documentary was not made by the famous French director, Louis Malle, I would probably have stopped him after the first 15 minutes, because it was an incredibly dull sight in 1979 in an ordinary West American town. my idea of ​​a funny subject, and the filming looks a lot like a collection of home movies. Considering that I do not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. Because it was a pretty boring piece of documentary in the lifestyle, I wondered as I looked at the message they were trying to convey to him? Perhaps the values ​​are not as conservative as you might think - this was a message highlighted by the many venetians (such as the Republicans whose son was a fresh resister, and the man and the lady who thought sex outside marriage was fine). Or perhaps the meaning was that there was a lot of bigotry that underlies the beautiful home town - because some ugly ideas, such as blaming the Jews for financial conspiracies, anti-black bigotry and homophobia, have been explored briefly . > The little town of 1979 was explored in depth and an idyllic world was portrayed, but when filmmakers came back six years later, mood was depressed by President Reagan. This seemed very disingenuous for many reasons. First, the portion of 1979 accounted for nearly 90% of the film, and the last 10% consisted only of some interviews with people who accused the president of almost anything other than acne. What about the rest of the people in this town? Have they seen Reagan as bad or that their life has become more negative? With just a few updates, he seemed suspicious. Secondly, while it is true that national debt has doubled in the years that followed, as is the gross national product. And while Malle shows 1979 as a very optimistic time, it was far from it, because the 1974-1980 period showed many shortcomings (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general malaise. While I'm not a big fan of Reagan, because the government's increase did not FALSE during his administration, the country was generally more optimistic than in Ford and Carter's years. While many of the media demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 1980s), the economy has improved significantly, and the documentary seems to be very unilateral and has led the agenda. If the documentary gave a more in-depth reflection in 1985 and it did not seem too negative to be believed (after all, everyone did not worsen their lives - this defies common sense), then I would have thought otherwise. /> <br /> In general, not the wonderful documentary that some have proclaimed - from a boring film in 1979 to an extremely tilted aspect in 1985. By the way, it's only or the movie DROP DEAD GORGEOUS seems to have been inspired, at least in part, by this film? Both are in similar communities, but the second film was a hilarious mockumentary without all the serious subtleties.
