When I started looking at The Muppets Take Manhattan, the unconscious presentation and dialogue convinced me that I was looking at something recently, so you can imagine my surprise when I came to IMDb and read that it was done in 1984. Jim Henson may have ended Muppet Show when he was at the top, but the spirits of this genre and Muppet Babies (which apparently rely on a terrible succession in this movie) are the absolute absolute of all Muppet stuff. I watched why Muppets attracted such annoyance from such film reviewers as Mr. Cranky, so I'm glad that The Muppets Take Manhattan (from now on: TMTM) pushed me straight. Of course, many series had a massive drop in quality when the third episode appeared: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead, even the night of the dead. So, although it's not surprising that TMTM is smaller than the Muppet or The Great Muppet Caper, the surprise is entirely in as little as its awesome debut or its slightly smaller tracking TMTM. Not only is music less satisfying, the scenes that link it all are extremely terrible. There are, of course, some redeeming and truly amusing moments, but they are few and there is very little between them. The Swedish chef is great in any scene he lives in, so we thank the spirit of small mercies for appearing in a single sequence in which his eccentricity is exploited to the fullest. The problem is that there are not just scenes that work. The story, as it happens, revolves around a Broadway musical Kermit who is trying to make it happen. He goes through many trials and tribulations along the way, including the hidden suspicion that the viewer has seen so far. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent antagonist to work at this moment. Charles Durning was gold cinematic as Doc Hopper, the owner of a fast-food chain that wants to exploit Kermit for his business. Charles Grodin was dynasty as Nicky Holiday, a jewel thief that Muppets has to fight to save Miss Piggy for a lifetime in prison. The story is that a hero is as good as his antagonist, and the two are at least half responsible for the greatness of the two previous films. Charles Grodin also highlights what's wrong with TMTM. That's music sucks. The opening number of the Manhattan songs shows that it's at the heart of TMTM, to put it nicely, makes the poll that dominates today seem coordinated. I may leave my special sensitivity to the sounds of words and expressions that come to me, but songs like "The Rainbow Connection" have inspired tears of joy, not of irritation. Grodin's great soldier during "The Great Muppet Caper," while not having the same resonance, is raising the tone of the film eight steps on his own. He is all class. And if there is only one thing TMTM could use, it adds eight steps in addition to achieving class appreciation. TMTM also feels hardly compressed in time, with the story jumping from scene to scene without having any consideration for making sense or for giving the story a coherence. Maddox himself emphasized that transition and cohesion make a movie feel like a coherent whole, rather than a mess of pieces thrown together. If TMTM does not have its stars, they are either badly used (Brooke Shields and John Landis), or entirely from their element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman). To call this a waste of time for the captain and the actor, alike, is flattering. The absence of a final credit routine is especially here after Animal's "go home" post-script for the The Muppet movie in particular. Which highlights another problem. Characters are badly written at best, without any of their individual curiosities being seen or heard. The animal sometimes calls singular words, but they have nothing to do with the plot or the conversation that's going on around it. Tell yourself what you're going to do about the pieces you've created to highlight the characters, but think about the time of the animal after you've consumed the instant pills or after the "incident" after pulling the window over your Muppets colleagues. Now, I can see if you can remember a memorable moment with a Muppet individual, other than the hilarious misunderstanding of a Swedish three-dimensional film chef that involves corn popcorn. Give up? Then you showed me my point of view. Considering that the Labyrinth, one of Henson's best and longest products outside of Muppets, came about two years later, TMTM is becoming more and more weird. Perhaps this error has persuaded Jim Henson to rethink his strategy of developing and using the character. Or perhaps the fire can be attributed to Frank Oz, who at that time had just finished working with George Lucas on what many would agree is the most childish episode in the original Star Wars saga. The writers have also been involved in The Great Muppet Caper, so I'll leave them off the hook, despite the fact that a script is one of the most essential parts of a movie. Production is also substantially improved here, with Muppets appearing capable of moving in ways that were previously beyond them. If the story and the script were better thought, TMTM could have been at least comparable to The Great Muppet Caper. As it is now, it is an excellent answer to the question whether Muppets writes under influence or excretion. That's why I gave The Muppets Take Manhattan three out of ten. Two to denote real quality and a bonus for the Swedish chef's moments. Without him, this film would be undiscovered.
