This infamous ending with Koen Wauters' career caught my attention with "Bad Bad Taste". Judging by the comment index, I was not the first to be the last person in Western Europe to find out that this musician (no doubt one of the best on the contemporary pop scene, even the Dutch people agree with that) tried to be an actor. If he had to try or not, he can not be judged. <br /> <br /> In "Intensive Care," it's pretty nice, but it does not seem comfortable with the movie she's taking part in. No one can blame him. It deserves to be ranked in Verheyen's Hall of Fame by all means and standards. The story of a killer maniac who should have died in an accident but who is alive and eaten has been told a dozen times before, and even without original twists, a director can offer a story more than mediocre through innovative settings and cinema. /> <br /> The IC is itself with a hospital wing and two middle-class homes. The rhythm is boring. Tension loses the last bit of credibility in the musical score, for each occurrence of the killer is accompanied by a threatening melody, followed by orchestral outbursts during the crimes, which largely suggested and, in any case, were bloodless as a small budget can make. The sex scene is free, but not the least appealing. The young man from Amsterdamned would have done it. While dealing with the couple's topic: the whole subplot between Wauters and the girl does not work. A more effective emotional connection could have been set on the screen if it were just casualties, which weaken their nerves halfway through sexual intercourse. I will not even give the other castrati members the dignity of a mention, for all should have been cut into small pieces of fat. In fact, most of them do. Those who remember where it is obvious for gender: a beautiful nurse and two cops. <br /> <br /> That's why, in a slasher, the cavalry comes just in time to need rescue. The hero (anti-) must take the bastard out, especially through smart thinking, because red berets often do not get parts in these movies; they could overcome the illusion of invincibility that surrounds the killer. Translated to events, Wauters kills the doctor and rescues the woman in distress. <br /> <br /> No people, we are not done. This is not the story. Wauters makes a heroic attempt but is beaten with a rage that is approaching "O Clockwork Orange," so it's up to the girl to lift the act of the killer and break through the doctor's brain. Although this method ensures the death of the killer more than the 9 mm bullet rounds, the doctor survives to allow the IC to reach the 80 minute mark. I should have made my point of view so far. Intense care is a bad movie that only Bad Touch lovers can enjoy, who can check Verheyen's statements and can do something for themselves and thus try to stay with him. For example, the parodied (unintentional) value of the physician's cloth mask (Halloween) and the final confrontation in the park (follow-up at the end of Friday, 13). However, let me close by giving an overview through some perverse elements that give IC a small credit. George Kennedy is not one of them. All he has to do is bear a horrible monologue by another French actor / actor and look terrified when he lets him go down in flame to mark his big name on a stand-in. She could have played her Naked Gun again to get it as beef but with a longer screen. The finish can be one of them. I have never seen a maniac who was thrown down by firing fireworks in his courage to crush him on a flexible fence. It's good for a laugh. Name a good point about Intensive Care ... Koen Wauters learned his lesson and dedicated himself entirely to his musical career. It makes me wonder how many editions of the Paris-Dakar race have to give up before it reaches its senses. <br /> <br />
