The premise and object of making a criminal are aware of what his victims have been through capturing his host of promising and interesting sounds. But this is the only interesting part that was also done 20 years ago, with fine finesse by director Ravi Tandon in his film "Jawab" (1985). The problem here is Ace Director Rajkumar Santoshi faced some kind of confusion about to make her a fast-paced action (Khakee thriller) or a drama rich in emotions (See Damini), and this confusion is evident in the result Finally, if we ignore two of them - Pukar (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant director has always given us quite delightful movies with great entertainment value. Therefore, this film comes as a surprise about what made this script to become a delicate director for a half-prepared characterization of both protagonists - Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman. As the film approaches, the audience did not know whom to hate and whom to sympathize with, and this factor is the main limiting force in the complete narrative, which begins as a war between an ordinary man and a man the underworld does not end up as unusual self-realization and regrets of Don about what went wrong in his own family. The discovery of Don's son as a true baddie does not come as a surprising element in the climax which, compared to a similar situation in Khakee, has worked so efficiently with the character of Aishwarya, which is not all, there is more. in the life of an underworld donor who works abroad seems to be rather illogical. His openness to Mumbai, where he is supposed to have escaped, as well as running after his enemies and pulling them in himself, does not seem credible. like Aryeman vs. Mr Bachchan, is not a good idea, but the film still has some extra points: the good sculptures of Ashok Mehta, two good fight sequences (Abbas Ali Moughal coordinator), some Akshay action scenes Kumar in the first half of the year, the quick treatment of Santoshi and, of course, Mr Bachchan, as usual, trying hard to put his life in his lifelessness. But all of this, together, do not make this viewing an exciting experience for you and your family!
