Looking back on this, I realized that they were trying to bring the book on the screen, even if the shocking budget and the hammakers were inevitable failure. By any objective measure, it was a disaster, but it was easy to imagine how good a Lord of the Rings movie might be if someone had done it with sincerity - and with the money to hire those more talented artists and writers. Unfortunately, thanks to Jackson, this will not be possible for a long time. Watching this movie gave me the impression that with any budget, then this story simply could not be filled up. Fantasy offers just so many opportunities to make an exciting movie. There were many moments in this movie that were potentially more interesting than Peter Jackson did, although, of course, you always have to use your imagination because of poor execution. The way they tried to show the wraith world from Frodo's point of view, for example. Or the way Galadriel showed Sam what happened at home for another. Another thing I really appreciated in this version - silent moments. There were times when the dialogue was spoke without background music against a backfall. Compare them to the grandiose camera of Jackson movies and the intruder score that seemed designed to highlight how each scene was the weirdest and most powerful scene we've ever watched. Jackson's movies were full of their importance, it was quieter and more modest. Jackson and co-hit this with more than 270 million US dollars in production costs, at least $ 90 million more for marketing, a massive tax break from the NZ government and also earned massive savings from filming in NZ not in the US. However, despite marketing claims, the intention to be faithful has never been there. This is well documented. Philippa Boyens said so much in an interview when he said he deliberately did not re-read the books before writing the script. Jackson also stated that he initially intended to make a fantastic movie "alongside" the master of the rings, and that the one he really wanted to do was King's Return because he had many battles. In contrast, this movie tried to be more real. Of course, many things were wrong, the act was terrible, and almost everything sank, and the rhythm was too fast. Of course they cut a lot and adapted other scenes and that's why they deserve credit. While Jackson added a lot of action scenes that did not serve for any purpose of plotting, Bakshi cut down book scenes that did nothing to advance the plot anyway. There is, in fact, a curious resemblance between the structure of Jackson and Bakshi from the beginning - meaning that both deviate from the original books in the same way - although of course, some of them might be a coincidence. This was not a good movie, but the potential was there. Bakshi said in an interview with the Onion AV club that just the animation could make the lord of justice rings. Its version did not work, but it could have been right.
