I have not seen this movie over time, so I'm afraid I can not be very specific about the details ... She had some interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's temptation to an animated adaptation of JRR Tolkien's masterpiece was a very ambitious, so ambitious project that he went bankrupt at some point during production. Therefore, not only does it stop suddenly somewhere in the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a shadow of a hint of a continuation that has never been done), the film itself seems less than finished. It seems that some characters have been animated while others have been filmed, but whether it's intentional or not hard to tell. Everything seems to have been done and disbanded, especially Orcs and Nazgul. Another problem, of course, is the huge gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this film and somehow hoped to sculpt a book and a half in less than two hours (Peter Jackson's new trilogy makes it almost twice.) There are too many important bits (and I'm not just referring to Tom Bombadil, who, I think, was great in the book, but he would look bad in a movie.) And, of course, the end, which is completely sudden and out of place. I'm not sure even if Bakshi initially intended to end the film or if he even had an idea where it would end. Characters ... well, most were good. Hobbits do not look so bad (except gay men Did you know that the producers of the new trilogy initially wanted to make Sam a woman so there is a female character? If you are a Tolkien fanatic like me), look at This movie (although I'm not sure about buying.) What special features does the DVD have anyway?) But you know in advance that you will not follow a true "Lord Of The Rings Movie," but not much more than a historical curiosity, which probably does not look much better than the 1960s version would have had the Beatles continued with their plan (in fact, I think a psychedelic LOTR might have been cool enough like Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you have not read the book or you do not like too much or do not like animation movies or do not want to see a half-finished movie ... stay away.
