I saw this film during a Tolkien Interim Theme Class during the second year of my college. I was sadly seated near the screen and my teacher chose me to serve as a whipping boy - everyone else laughed, but they were not always in sight. Let's get out of the way: Peter Jackson's films "Lord of the Rings" owe something to Bakshi. In the Jackson version of The Fellowship of the Ring, for example, the scene where Black Riders attack the empty inn's beds is almost a complete carbon copy of the scene in Bakshi's shot, shot. You could call this plagiarism or tribute, depending on the agenda. <br /> <br /> I'm sure the similarities do not stop there. I will not do any research to find out what they are, because that would mean I have some respect for this movie. I'm sure others have highlighted similarities - you look around. This film is a complete wreck of the train in every sense of the metaphor, and many, many people died in the accident. I decided to mention what I remember in a more or less chronological way - If I left behind anything else that offended me, it's because I'm completely overwhelmed, confronted with a multitude of failures (and, mediocrity). Because of the heavy use of rotoscoping, Gandalf is no longer a gentle and wise sorcerer, but a wild fire prophet of the doom (whose hat changes inexplicably the color once or twice during the film). White Saruman is sometimes called "Aruman" during the movie without explanation. He bears purple and red on a mysterious motive. Sam is full of harassment. The representation of his friendship with Frodo is oddly childish and unsatisfactory. Yes, the Hobbits are small as children, but they are not children. Merry and Pippin are never introduced - they just appear during a scene change with a single-sentence explanation. The film is useless editing like this one. Frodo, Sam, Pippin and Merry play cheerfully as they cross the road. One of the hobbits offers at least twice as much as the back of the hobbit - which was not visible before - and begins to change the typical bard fantasy, as everyone goes into "la-la-la" . Aragorn, apparently, is a native American dressed in an extremely stereotypical (without pants) fantastic tunic, complete with a huge and square belt buckle. He is probably the worst swindler in the whole movie - he often becomes a swinging treble before he's beaten on his ass. Black drivers appear leprous rather than dangerous instruments of evil. They are clearing wherever they are moving at a painfully slow pace. This is disturbing to be sure, but not frightening. The scene in front of the black horsemen tries to cross the Ford of Bruinen (looking at Frodo, which is on the other side of the road) continuing forever, during which the Riders have turned their horses in a vague manner and ... do not do anything else. The scene was probably meant to illustrate Frodo's hallucinatory decline as he succumbs to his wound. It turns out to be more plodding than anything else. * Gimli Dwarf is as tall as the Legolas Elf. It's a DWARF. There is simply no excuse for that. He also looks like a bastard David Gnome. It's a crude but accurate description. * Boromir seems to have destroyed the Viking Armor of Elmer Fudd from that Bugs Bunny opera episode. He seems ridiculous. In spite of the resemblance to Tolkien's Illustration, Balrog enlivens the horror and the least threatening villain of the whole movie. Someone seems to be wearing pink bedroom slippers and a little taller than Gandalf. "Purists" may prefer this Balrog, but I'll get Jackson's version any day. Battle scenes are awkward and embarrassing. Almost none of the characters have any level of proficiency with their weapons. He does not ask scenes of action like those in Jackson's movie, but he should fight. * Treebeard makes a very short appearance and I'm sorry that he bothered to show up at all. Watch the movie, you'll see what I mean. Okay, now for the good parts of the movie. Some of the voice works pretty well. It's not that Aragorn SOUNDS is bad, he looks like Giant Green Jolly. Galadriel is somewhat interesting in this portrait; such as Tom Bombadil, she seems immune to the powers of the temptation ring, and her actress is not horrible. Boromir's death is not as inexistent as Jackson's portrayal of the same scene, but is still dramatically dramatic (and even more true to his death in the book, although I do not think Jackson made a mistake by shooting him like that As my teacher (among the threats) stressed, the orcs (especially Helm Hill, if I'm right) resemble the soldiers' war bodies, a political statement that works pretty well if You can figure out what's going on. <br /> <br /> * Although this is not really a positive point for the film, Bakshi can not be accused of most of the failures in this film, as I was told - the project had a tight budget at the end his production lost creative control over some of the older (who are sure they did not read the books). Let me be clear: I respect Bakshi for trying even something of this magnitude. I just find it hard to believe he was satisfied with the final product. <br /> <br /> In general, I can not in any way recommend this blasphemous adaptation of Tolkien's classic trilogy even for laughing if you have not already read the books and do not have your own views of characters, places and events . I'm sure somebody, somewhere, will choose a copy of this thing in confusion; if you do, keep an open mind and discover how well you can.
