Obviously, I did not care to come (aka "The Form of Things to Come"), like most of the spectators. That means there's a good chance you can enjoy it more than I did. In any case, you might be helpful to hear the movie described from another point of view. Directed by William Cameron Menzies, who has had such a great experience as a production designer and more as art director, this is an adaptation of HG Wells' film by his own novel of the same name. In my eyes, it shows why a great novelist can not necessarily prove to be a great screenwriter. The film opens in 1940 in a "Everytown" in London. The war is happening, and the citizens of Everytown are worried that they could reach them. Yes. And it turns into a business for decades, which basically destroys civilization. Wells and Menzies continue to jump in time to show us different scenes of war and its consequences. We see two pilots, one fallen, facing the consequences of their struggle. We meet a post-apocalyptic community led by a former warrior. We meet a man in a growing futuristic society. We see how technology changes. And, finally, we are led to the complete realization of this futuristic society around 2036, where leaders debate the merits of sending men per month. All this could be very interesting, but it just does not work like a movie. From a structural point of view, the film is too episodic, with little to do with drama. In the third segment, I have completely lost interest in trying to track the characters. I could barely solve them in the first couple segments. There is a constant parade of new faces. We do not learn anything about any of them. It does not help that individual segments, with a few exceptions, tend to be directed and edited strangely. They are also occasionally manipulative - they can almost begin to feel like a propaganda film. But maybe, contrarily, the segments are also a bit cold and dry emotionally. In fact, a prolonged section is more like an industrial promotional music video. If you take pictures of futuristic city building with lots of big cars, lots of welding and so on. At one point, a guy who looks like an astronaut gives birth to the room with a kind of futuristic glass. The music for this section is somewhere between a military and a horror score. I can not say that Coming Things consist of hiring stuff in terms of drama. But the common cry in support of Things to Do is that it's a movie about ideas. Perhaps it is true, but there are a number of issues about that if you look that way. One, it still does not make it work as a movie, that is, as a dramatic and visual artwork, and two, there are too many ideas presented here. The main idea is that of war and what civilizations do. It's a great thing to make a movie about. It is also remarkable as the forerunner of the Second World War, as the stuff to come was written and filmed in 1935 (released in 1936). Wells has some interesting things to say about the war, some of them going against the usual interpretation of the film. For example, the conclusion seems to suggest that another war will break or will be at any time. The general message seems to be a bit pessimistic. Wells seems to demonstrate that war is simply a part of human nature that can not be excised, although it does not hinder "progress" - in fact, perhaps, it is a progress, at least indirectly. <br /> <br /> That would certainly be enough for a movie. However, here are many ideas. The scene between the two pilots is one of the most painful scenes in the movie. It deals with a complex dilemma. A pilot shot the other, but now comes to help him. But the pilot who was shot was wearing a poisonous gas, which now floats over the field. They can not both breathe without harm. A girl is approaching. They have only two gas masks between them. The pilot who was shot offers the mask because he says he dies anyway. What to do? It is not the fact that this scene itself could be stretched to have a length, but the ideas - the bizarre complex of helping and trying to hurt each other in the middle of a war - are enough to build a movie on. > Another example. During the scenes with the potential warrior, in the post-apocalyptic environment, there is an ugly contagious disease called "wandering wandering." It turns victims into a kind of drunk zombies. The usual procedure is to shoot victims on the ground in an attempt to prevent the disease. This material is treated as if it were later thought. It's a great idea and it's worth its own film. Similarly, Wells presents the future society as having controversial socialist ideas. And that's enough for your own movie. It is impossible to effectively deal with things so great in 100 minutes, especially when it should be the core of the film instead of dramatic attraction. However, there are reasons to let things come to at least one view. If you are not a sci-fi boy, this is an important historical film. Considering the Menzies background, production drawings and sets are exciting, even if the cinematography looks extremely dated. It's also interesting to see how Wells was either predictive or humorous retrospectively in his "predictions". I particularly enjoyed the propulsion of the moon, which was a reminiscent of George Méliès' 1902 A Moon Trip (aka Le Voyage Dance to Moon). Just do not expect too much of Things to come.
