The opening scene of this movie sets the pace for the entire ninety-nine minutes. Photos are generic, conventional and quality of television movies. The snowy scenery is superb, yet the characters they own are of a similar quality to seeing a picture of such a landscape, the overwhelming sense of distance. Some edits are of a fairly high quality and the work of a veteran professional, but the dialogue is unusual and artificial, with too little influence on "real" conversations, apparently. Any emotional understanding is shifted in favor of the oath, which is, of course, the way everyone shows their true feelings. The action is slow and overwhelming, the general feeling being that someone squeezes cold water over your head, but so slowly that you barely notice, but eventually you feel pathetic and you are sorry to have been caught in such a situation incomprehensible. /> <br /> The mixture of genres Fessenden apparently tried to use; psychological, thriller, horror and family drama, although commendable suffers from a serious lack of tension and an interesting dialogue. The way the husband, wife, and child trio interact is particularly unrealistic. The themes of family relationships that have been played in the haunting atmosphere have been covered many times before superior films, an instant example being The Shining (1980). The family unit here is broken by harmless troubles that are hard to understand or sympathize with considering the relative ambiguity of the scenario. Family unity is hard to watch throughout the movie, Fessenden plays down the possibilities of the thriller's story in favor of a slow family drama for most of the time. Figure "stalker" Otis has little obvious motivation for his behavior and, despite being perhaps the most interesting and best acting, is still very underdeveloped. The main characters are the bare shells of people who have been extremely difficult to relate to, the relationships between them being particularly devoid of feelings or feelings. Although the ignorance of Erik per Sullivan's young character by his parents is probably part of the story, surely a reasonable person would question their son if they spoke to someone who apparently does not exist? People can accept this movie as intelligent because of the relative lack of conventional aspects of creature-based horror movies, but this film does not succeed on the genre you want to open. You can read the deep psychological meanings in every minute detail of any event you should want so, but I think people would better analyze the carpet for a certain deeply emotional meaning rather than these empty sub-human creations.
