The problem with these types of movies is that, literally, dozens are done each year. Fortunately to use only one hand are given a theatrical release, while others are pushed directly to video or television such as this movie. The first problem of this film is its true originality. It's one of those movies that uses the hard-guy's Die Hard formula, but the troubled being in the wrong place at the wrong time. In this case, it is a character played by Casper Van Dien, who works for a security agency that carefully tests safety procedures for companies and individuals. In this case, he is sent to a cruise ship, which, of course, is hijacked. You can see this movie as a mix of "Die Hard" and "Air Force One," and the film does not even try to conceal the fact that these two films were probably the biggest source of inspiration. So, indeed, you can not watch this movie as an original one. Use all the cliches in the book and this film does not really offer any surprises or something that resembles much with anything else original. <br /> <br /> As you can expect from such a movie, it has very weak script. Or, rather, he said he has a very lazy writing. As I said before, the movie contains nothing original, but the story itself has some elements that are far from likely and are just ridiculous. I mean, by hijacking a huge cruise ship with only 8 boys, of which only half wore small arms and then demanded a ¥ 10 million ransom for a ship that is about 10 times that amount is she's already quite ridiculous. How does it even intend to share this money afterwards? Every person gets a little over a million or something? It's hard to take advantage of for such a big and risky enterprise. And then it is the case to take hostage passengers. Somehow I can get all the passengers from the giant hostage of the ship and manage to put them in a single room with a single guy with his gun, which he does not even seem to be able to keep well with, watching them. You never see more than 30 hostages, as if it were all those who were on board at that time. Also, when the Van Dien character searches for his son and vice versa, no matter where he walks on the huge cruise ship, he always returns to each other. Just a few examples of lazy writing from the movie. But of course it is a action movie, so the story, of course, becomes secondary. But again, it's not like this movie would have a good effect at all. The height of the actors looks as if they had never had a gun before and the film is filled with some ridiculous slow motion. In fact, the film does not include the best actors, although I must say that in reality Casper Van Dien is not a "hero of action" and a bad actor, just like the genre and the B-movie circuit. But she still suffers from the same problem as Tom Cruise; no matter how old he is, he never seems quite convincing to play a teen's father. Van Dien started out as a promising young actor, but he was trying to shoot that he did not really help his career. He is probably capable of something better, although he is never allowed to show it. All the other actors also do a fair job, but their characters are just so formal that they are never really interesting. Well, it's not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's also not exactly the most original or memorable one either. <br /> <br /> 4/10
