Just in time to reap the long-awaited version of "Dreamgirls" is the DVD release of the semi-forgotten musical melody from 1976, which also takes the source of inspiration from the Supers. Released five years before Broadway's "Dreamgirls" opening, and partly settled during the same period, it has a predominantly black distribution and a story that rotates around a group of girls approaching and ending the likeness. Written by Joel Schumacher long before he became a major director of the main studio ("Batman Forever", "Phantom of the Opera"), this film looks bigger on the surface. True to form, however, Schumacher weakens the story and character development by injecting an abundance of cliches and eye-rolling a line. With a small affinity for making musical numbers, Sam O'Steen, a highly acclaimed film editor, but a neophyte director, acts as a low-budget TV movie with a frustrating episodic structure. three sisters Harlem - Sexy Sister, Delores and Sweet Sparkle - as they sang in the church choir, meet the boys Stix and Levi, speakers of good intentions, and then find their first taste of success as a group of singers - like a quintet wearing a sweater called Hearts and then as a glitzy trio known as Sister and Sisters. But naturally, there are also problems beyond the stupid name of the group - Sister is involved in the drug trade, Satin Struthers, who beats her and turns it into a cocaine drug; Levi goes to prison because he was caught in a drug transfer for Satin; Stix is ​​frustrated by failure and is madly turning to some Jewish mobs for financial help; Delores has just become stupid; and Sparkle's little sparkle must decide what kind of future he wants. A big plus is that R & B great Curtis Mayfield has written atmospheric songs, some captivating and one "Look In Your Heart", a true winner. Solid distribution makes the best of the created circumstances. Lonette McKee tries to turn her sister into a tragic figure, being underlined by some of the fictional plot behavior, including a sad tower by Billie Holliday in the small. Before striking the primetime TV, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood interpret Stix and Levi with a boyar vitality if not credibility. The best work comes from Mary Alice at a relatively silent pace like the girl's mother and a preface "Fame" Irene Cara who effortlessly exudes sincerity in the lead role (though she should be shot by her for the funny look she accomplishes in final scene). The DVD comes with a full original theatrical trailer with a thick voice by DJ Casey Kasem and a bonus CD of five songs of the film made not by the original track but by Aretha Franklin since 1976 recording the soundtrack. It's not a terrible movie, it's just an interesting, if uninterested, that covers the same land as "Dreamgirls".
