Title: Robot Jox (1990) Director: Stuart Gordon Cast: Gary Graham, Anne Marie Johnson, Paul Koslo Review: Stuart Gordon who usually associated with horror films such as Re-Animator, Beyond, Dagon and Freak Castle, they made a short walk here and made a small science fiction movie. I emphasize the word "little", since it is a very low budget film and there is its main weakness. The story takes place in the future. A world in which the great superpowers (which according to this film are the United States and Russia) make their differences not by going into a crucified world war ... but fighting against gladiator-style fighting with giant robots. Our Achilles hero must go against the evil robot robot Alexander. Lots of stop motion animations stop cheap. Well, the idea is wonderful I think. Are the big nations solving territorial disputes with giant robots? An interesting premise and one that could be properly resolved if the budget were available. Unfortunately, what could have been a fun movie ends up being an embarrassment for another great director. I, like a kid, loved this movie, and I think if you want any joy in this movie, we'll have to go back to the little kid mode to have fun with it. I showed this movie to my friends and while the movie progressed my friends, where, for example, "what the fuck is that piece of shit?" And the movie is fantastic by one of my favorite directors Stuart Gordon? "But as the movie progressed on a territory, I felt close to stopping and not going through that torture, because I loved this film as a child, and there is still a little nostalgia attached to watch it, but all the others simply do not intend to get it. And I myself realized that the movie is not "First of all, the film is about giant robots that give birth to each other and for to do this in a credible manner, you should use some damn special effects to make it work, costly effects that would help our audience to suspend their mistrust, but unfortunately this is a small film, from a small company (Empire Pictures, who went bankrupt after making this movie!), the effects help us chuckle and laugh at them. sets and some of the cabinets look unfinished or half assed. OK, once you admit that you are watching a mix of moderate stop and animation, you can even let yourself be in the movie and even enjoy the big robots who are at peace with each other. There are certain scenes when the robots are fighting, which are quite cold and make me go "that's why I liked this movie!" But everybody knows, a brave effect will take you straight out of that little protector cocoon you were trying to hide. And the boom, the return to making this film just does not amount to its premise. <br /> <br /> And it's another thing that bothered me a little about the movie. This movie is actually a movie for kids. You know, the giant robots that go? Stop motion animation? Hello? But the dialogue with the movies has had a lot of sexual inconveniences and the violence gets a little bleeding. So I've always wondered if it's a movie for kids or not? After a while, I just came to the conclusion that, basically, this was a movie for children with sensitivity to adults, which is really not a good mix. So for those of you who do not feel like some naive of the child's charm of following two robots fighting each other and if you do not have a nostalgic connection to this movie (as I do), well, I suggest you remove of this. Gordons a great director, but the movie he made did not just do it to me. Well, at least not now that I am an adult. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 5
