I disagree with many things that have been written and said about this supposed "masterpiece" of the new German wake: 1) There are major shortcomings in the simple exposure, in the basic communication of critical plot points, to Mary's abortion and contract secret of Oswald and her husband. How many spectators have understood that the husband agreed not to return and recover his wife until Oswald died? In return for a substantial financial remuneration, the conclusion is extremely unsatisfactory because it is arbitrary and accidental. The original script asked Maria to commit suicide after reading Oswald's will, finding out that her husband had sold his marriage to Oswald. In the final version, however, Maria ran only water from a tap along my wrist in a suicidal gesture. Mary is then thrown in haste rather than confronting and living with the consequences of self-illusion and moral compromise. 3) Fassbinder attempts to forcefully overwhelm the private public, the staff. Contrary to what critics and "experts" say, I do not think it works. The mere intrusion of the historical news of radio shows or the sound of the German Reconstruction Hammers in the soundtrack of the dramatic events of the film does not make these historical events integrated into the drama. <br /> <br /> The selfish ambition of lifting Mary from poverty to prosperity is designed to coincide with the so-called economic miracle of post-war Germany. Mary is thus destined to be a specific and reflective woman of her time and place, but in reality it is non-original and non-specific. Women have affirmed their independence by using sex for self-advancement over the years. 4) Finally, there are many cases of inexplicable weakness and amateurism - Fassbinder's drug addiction and the consequences of impatience and inattention have had their effect. Unknown people speak on screen without ever being seen; music is intrusive in places where it is; and the melodramatic posture is sporadically replaced by acting. Strangely, for a film that condemns a country for deliberate collective amnesia of the Holocaust, it never mentions it.
