The song of the title for this movie ........... is the largest spirited free ballad ever written! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! <br /> <br /> I first saw this movie in 1978-79, when I subscribed to the cable. In 1979, the cable began to become an ordinary place in the home. (or at least when he became accustomed to here in Missouri). This could well be the first movie I've ever watched on the "Channel Channel" - which was called the "Star Channel" in the early 1980s, changed its name to "The Channel Movie" ........ I received a free month of "The Star Channel" with my new cable subscription. "Van" was one of the films that was heavily rotating on this network at that time. I remember watching this movie ever since, and thinking it was a typical teen flick (on the same lines as other medium-budget adolescent films) ... those in which the plot revolves around nudity and parties. I completely forgot that this movie existed until I saw this movie again, after I did not see it for decades (I found a DVD copy for cheap binnies) I recognized and I bought for just $ 4.99. It seems like I remember this movie being much better than it was. However, watching her back was a different experience than watching now (30+ years later). It was fun to see kids listing rock n roll music, weed smoking, and having sex in the back of a fancy van (often all at the same time). This is what should be a good teenage party movie. There is not much more than a plot that the main character fancies about having sex with his rivals showing his good friend ... he blows his college savings money to buy a Dodge Van (with carpet walls, a mirrored tray and a a bed of water in it) to draw attention and eventually get to have sex with her. But his rival arc finds out and comes in his search (for the two of them to be able to solve their differences by pulling them in vans) ... he and his rival arc finish destroying both vans and, instead of stealing his girlfriend rivals arc, he wins over the heart of a preppy (less appealing) girl he / she encounters most of the film and decides he is happier / better and the movie is over. <br /> <br /> The movie has funny moments. But watching this movie 30 years later becomes more a journey down the memory strip. Because I can still remember pizza parlors, pinball arcades, I also brought cruise memories around a small town while I smoked a pot, as I shouted at beautiful girls and hoping to put them (sometimes I'm lucky and I also remembered many of the songs in this movement (when we were new) ... ... this movie serves as a perfect capsule for this was (it brought a lot of memories), the only thing which is described in this film that I do not quite remember is that ... I never remember a moment when large vans were popular as this movie describes them as being. I remembered that era very well, and I do not the young men around wanting to have a vanity. Instead, I remember young 70s (including) who want a Pontiac Trans Am, Chevy Camaro or a Ford Mustang hot rod, but never a pickup truck. it looks like the vans are the most popular and that every young man wanted one (which was not really true at that time)
