* Some spoilers * This movie is sometimes subtitled "Life Everlasting". This is often taken as a reference to the final scene, but rather describes how dead and buried this once-estimated series is after this negligent and illogical send-off. There is a "hey baby, let's put on an air show" about this telemovie, which can be endearing in places. Some fans will feel like the ones inside, because they are happy to choose all the cameo appearances. Co-writer, co-producer Tom Fontana and his friends pack up with friends and favorites from other shows as well as Baltimore real characters. This is in addition to the practical return of all members of television shows showing various movies, your favorite old and later non-favorite. There has always been an executive producer, Barry Levinson, Fontana, James Yoshimura, a quality conscious, and the rest of the creative team against NBC executives with budget consciousness who just wanted another moronic political procedure like "Nash Bridges," which on a regular basis beat the "homicide" in rating. The pressure said the show ceded between the riveting realism that transcended its shape and the disturbing sensationalism that decongested it. Unfortunately for this film, Fontana, co-writers Yoshimura and Eric Overmeyer and director Jean de Segonzac just tossed the towel. They took the most ridiculous story of the series, managed to put it in the forefront of an unexpected and unfounded plot of plot, and had the task of bringing all the misery to one of the weakest cast members. In short, some time has elapsed since the last episode of the show. The former heart of the Baltimore homicide unit, Yaphet Kotto as Al Giardello's deputy, is now a Kurt Schmoke candidate for the mayor, and Schmoke himself is a cameo. But this promising start, immediately and unlikely, has a tragic turn. The spotlight goes to Giancarlo Esposito, the son of Giardello, Mike. A nice guy who did a good job elsewhere, Esposito was one of the pretty faces brought up late to get his TV set on fire. But the question for the viewers has always been: is Mike inconvenient as Gee's son, or is Esposito uncomfortable in the role? To be fair, Esposito does not have the chance to play the main story without interruption. This is because writers choose this moment to revive another story that spits out the intelligence of the loyal voters of the show. An apparent broadcast video was promoted and then appeared to be on the Internet. After some red herring, the detectives arrested a reprehensible suspect. But Zaljko Ivanek's deputy attorney forgot to submit proposals on time and the suspect was released, only to be killed later. Let's summarize: he forgot to file the documents because it was not the most sensational case of his career because the mayor, the general prosecutor, the governor, the entire Legislature of Maryland, the US Attorney General, NBC, TV Court, BBC, AP, Reuters, People New York Times, Time Times, Time magazine, Times of London, The Economist, correspondence from Johannesburg and Guardian, L'Osservatore Romano, Le Figaro, Paris Match, L'Equipe and Computer World did not call every 10 minutes to ask about the situation. However, the old band of detectives and associates returns to Baltimore to help. There are a lot of talents on the screen. Unfortunately, with a limited volume of dialogue you need to distribute, some of them are just exposed. Two of the strongest actors, Clark Johnson and Melissa Leo, are few criminals, and the time lost to Jon Seda and Michael Michelle could be better spent on commercials. The writers seem to satirize this, presenting Jason Priestley as the last great detective. On the other hand, they give Michelle Forbes, easy to sell and easy to do, a very daunting scene. There are other castings, with current Lt. Gary D'Addario, the center of the book that gave birth to the show, playing another detective. The guests escape from other shows such as Whitney Allen, who was headache and did not know "Miss Sally" from the children's show loved by Fontana's "Oz" prisoners. Dina Napoli from WBAL TV is like herself. <br /> <br /> Even when you have fun, these guests can be fun. Ed Begley Jr. advances the story in his short appearance starring Dr. Victor Ehrlich from Fontana "St Elsewhere." He is still a living character and fits in a hospital setting. Then do you remember, has not Saint Elegium proved to be a fancy of an Austrian boy? The most useful cameo reflects corporate synergy. This movie was made when Court TV bought re-run rights to the series. This network has contributed legally to Helen Lucaitis, who interviewed the homicide team and subsequently appeared on Oz. The TV correspondent is doing an efficient job that summarizes news, that is, plotting for those who are late. Although it is so thin that it disappears when it comes back, Lucaitis also deals with a physical comedy with Esposito. He shows more juice in his scenes with Lucaitis than with any of his regular colleagues. Perhaps the two should have done a spin-off. As the film revolves, the tower cream rises to the top. Although they are overwhelmed by a missed scenario, Andre Braugher and Kyle Secor are outstripping it. Their performances remind the viewers of what the Homicide has done for considerable stretches, the best show in the air and one of the best television productions of all time. It's fun to watch top professionals do their things; it's just a shame that this film does not give them more chances. Die-hard fans may want to see this movie anyway, but you can live without it.
