As in the last year, the WWE Revolution New Year 2006 event was led by a game elimination team. The difference between recent years and this year was, however, the value of entertainment. In fact, only three people had the chance to get out of the Pepsi Arena in Albany, New York, with the WWE Championship. These men were current champions John Cena, Kurt Angle and Shawn Michaels. Vinnie Mac could not get the belt on any of the beginners; Carlito or Chris Masters. And Kane? Kane had the last WWE championship in June 1998, and it was only for one night. It was obvious he would not even be one. The last game was a thrilling deal with six of WWE's best players. 2006 was a predictable and disappointing business, but still the night away from afar. The only surprise of the evening came after the bell ran for the main event. Out walked Vince McMahon himself and asked to raise the room. Then it was announced that Edge is collecting the money in the bank championship match right then and there. He did not have time to prepare and just against the backdrop of winning the elimination match, John Cena had no chance and gave up the title after a spear at one of the most fun WWE shoes. This was the only fun thing that happened all night. The Undercard, like last year, was really atrocious. Triple H and The Big Show have made a snore fare that I had to fight to stay away. HHH won the victory, but was that never questionable? Any pay-per-view that has both Jerry Lawler and Viscera fights on the same book will never have any chance of becoming a success indeed doing it. The King strokes Helms (who writes these things?) And Big Vis tasted defeat against Shelton Benjamin, with little help from his mother. WWE women also had a busy night. He was an average Diva nonsense with a Ashley-winning Bra & Gauntlet Gauntlet, and the Women's Championship was also on the line. In a match, I thought he would have been left to prepare him until WrestleMania 22 Mickie James challenged Trish Stratus in a good match. Trish won the contest, but it was obvious he will continue in the near future. The opening night contest was soon to be the WWE Champion Edge against the Intercontinental champion, Ric Flair. This could have been better, but it was a mocking and bloody flair that he held back after disqualification. Edge obviously had a bigger fish to fry. So the New Year's Revolution has set off the start of the 2006 pay-per-view calendar in a disastrous fashion. The only good thing about this is knowing that for WWE the only way is up. They are not much worse than that.
