Are you familiar with the art concept for children? While it's not the biggest Picasso that a three-year-old has ever done with your fingers, you encourage them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason for a parent to keep the child. Usually, if a child loves to paint or draw, you will immediately see the foundation of their future style. You will begin to see their true form in these very primitive doodles. Well, this concept of children's artwork is how I felt about the Fuqua movie, depressingly cheap and unbelievable, "Bait." While all the accounts were a horrible movie, it was impressive to see Fuqua's style appearing even in the strangest moments. If you have seen either the training day or King Arthur, you will be impressed with the birth of this director in Bait's second film. While Foxx offers horrible, unhappy performance, there are some scenes that define Fuqua and show its shine behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus only on those scenes, you will see why Fuqua's name appears on so many "Best Of" movie lists. I will never agree with anyone that Fuqua's eye behind the room is refreshing and unique. Its ability to place a room in strange places to convey the simplest emotions is shocking. I'm surprised that more from Hollywood did not jump aboard this bandwagon. Even in the stupid character, Bait, you are witness to the greatness of Fuqua. Two scenes that come directly into mind are the explosion scene near the middle of the movie and the scene of horses near the end. On both scenes I saw director Fuqua at work. Unfortunately, in the rest of the movie, everything I've seen was a combination of almost every action movie created. The joyful hero, who suddenly finds his life transformed by an unknown force, is a classic structure that only has to die in Hollywood. I have seen these two times, and no matter who you are (unless you are Charlie Kaufmann), you can not recreate the wheel. It's impossible with this kind, and it's proven with Bait. I was angry with Fuqua just because I sat down and allowed me to do this, which could explain why they took me three views to complete this movie. We were just tired of the structure, and while we hoped Fuqua to redefine it, it did not. Then he was the actor. While Jamie Foxx never impressed me as an actor, I was willing to try this bodybuilder. I wanted to see if he could play another role dramatically similar to the Collateral. I had the impression that maybe this was the film chosen to show the producers that Foxx could handle the role of the collateral. Again, I was disappointed. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that it was the way it was, but in the sense that it felt like neither Fuqua nor Foxx had time to train Foxx on what should be admirable and what should to be used to continue the field. Instead, we are horrified with the stage scene of Foxx, just trying to laugh the audience. Adding a second time and cultural statements to keep his audience understood that he was first a comedian, a second actor. Fuqua should have stopped this immediately. Foxx's fantasies ruined his character, which in turn left me nothing to understand. Instead of developing the character, he would have made a joke. Even the style did not work, no joke was fun. The rest of the distribution was average. That's what I mean to see everyone in similar roles. Nobody brought anything to the table, nothing solid about the story, and nothing substantial about the general themes of the film. There were pawns filling up airy space. Fuqua had no control over this misery, and the final verdict only claims this accusation. Generally, it was a sad movie. Without unmistakable creativity and unmanaged actors who just try to stand up, what originally started as a decent story eventually sank faster into the cinematic play. Foxx was annoying, without lines, and a full bag of cheese. In every scene I did not see any emotion and when it took emotion to convey a message, he chose to take his shirt rather than address the problems. Are my harsh words? I do not think. When you watch any movie you want to see some creativity, some edible characters and themes that seem to come home. The bait contained nothing of these. While I will give Fuqua a credit for two scenes from this film, the other five hundred were disastrous. It looks like we took the bait when we rented this movie, but now, after seeing it, I hope I can prevent others from taking that strange nibble. Grade: ** of ***** two scenes that were fun to watch)
