666: The child starts off as a plane, the only survivor of Flight 666 was a boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart) who was adopted by news reporter Erika (Sarah Lieving) and his cameraman Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) covered the incident for Channel 6 news. At first, Donald appears to be a normal child, but death seems to follow him, after the warnings of a Nun & Vicar, Scott begins to believe that Donald is sick and the cause of all deaths ... direct-to-DVD horror movie was directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson and must be said 666: The baby is really quite poor. Whenever I see Asylum is responsible for a movie I'm worried about, I'm very worried because their history is terrible. They seem to be specializing in making and / or distributing low-budget horror films, which are usually rip-offs of recent big-film budget horror breakthroughs and in his case 666: You do not need a baby a diploma in rocket science to achieve is a complete resume to make money on the recent The Omen (2006), which was released the same year. Benjamin Henry & Austin Laurel's script is terrible and simply can not match Hollywood equivalents, I mean exactly what Donald Antichrist is expecting from a middle-class family in a small town? It's a tough starting point to cause the destruction of the world, is not it? Every character in 666: The child is a form of the main character of Omen, the adopted parents, the Priest trying to warn the sinister. There is a real lack of incident, only if there is a gore and the plot is poor. That is, Donald's killing a dentist for trying to fix his teeth is just as random and useless, which were all the disgusting images Donald drew, where the bona-sos came from, and there is nothing to tie everything together, and it's just a messy mess that gets very dull very quickly. References to number 6 are also annoying and are very disappointing. Director Perez does not think he is competent unless something else. There is virtually no blood or gore, there are a few blood sprays, a hand cut, and someone gets a circular saw in the front, but sounds a lot better than the screen looks like. It is certainly not frightening, there is no atmosphere due to a rather modest contemporary décor in a suburb house and there is no tension as we do not really know what Donald is trying to do and that's why there is no threat on his part . > From a technical point of view, the movie is fine, it's pretty well done, but since the real movie is so poor, it makes a little difference. The actor is not so great, but at the same time, I've seen even worse. 666: The baby is a poor man. The human is broken, I would look earlier either the original or remake it on this day of the week. It is not good and certainly not recommended. Followed by sequel 666: The Beast (2007), which also went direct-to-DVD.
