Honey ... Peter Sellers was one of the weirdest actors that existed. But his choice of films, say, after 1964, was very unfortunate. He does not seem to figure out how to use his talents. It would have been better to work with more Kubricks in the movie world than with the people he was doing. From his later films, only "The Optimists of Nine Elms" and "Being There" impressed me with those I saw. That being said, Boultings and Sellers have made some movies before that which does not sound so bad - I have still seen "Carlton Browne" and "The Heavens Above!" - at least in the sense of using vendors to a certain extent. But, "There is a girl in my soup" is really a bad movie and a terrible choice on the part of sellers in terms of character. In his films from 1955-64, you can usually expect at least a very inventive twist and always an enigmatic conviction in his roles. Here, Peter Sellers tries to play a typical romantic role. There are almost sellers who play a Niven game without joviality. He certainly does not convince, do not try as he is, or he can create an interesting character. He should have left such pieces to suave masters, such as Cary Grant, and he focused on those dramatic and comic roles he was renowned for. Hawn and Sellers do not really establish authentic chemistry; this is not a gentle, genial story of the perfect kind of William Powell and Myrna Loy. It is very artificial apparently all the way through - I know it is part of Danvers' character that he is a dry lady buyer, but he does not really change from that in a way to convince. Sellers also have a kind of "bunch" to play as well ... this character has no depth and does not gain the sympathy or interest of the spectator. Vendors go through the movements in a way that could not have thought of remembering the greatness of its iconoclastic performance in Lolita. There is nothing to say about plot, direction or characters, as honest, they leave a little impression or not. This is really one of the most anemic, more satisfying, wrong, and boring movies I have ever seen. A nonentity of a "vehicle" for undisputed Sellers talents. <br /> <br /> Rating: - * 1/2 / *****
