THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, is in a detoxification center with similarly injured. And there he has to face a new, rough life limited to a wheelchair. It is an exciting and promising premise, but unfortunately it fails to take place. What comes out in return is mostly Schmaltz at Hollywood with some interesting moments. Of course, the distribution (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes and others) is brilliant and behaves well here, as one might expect, but their talent is wasted. The characters are mainly stereotypes of one way or the other, and most of them are very inappropriate (the Snipes character being the exception). I suppose this is an attempt to break people's ideas about the fact that people with disabilities are "cramped" or "weak" by their image, for the most part, as cakes in front of you, but it makes an experience completely annoying. Of course, it will show you something of what permanent disabled people do in a way that is not softened or romantic, which is useful and a good idea, but while the process described can make someone difficult to understand, and which deserves to deal with it, is not an integral part of the fact that these characters must be, to a different extent, clever. Neither should they have been Disneyfied; surely it's a place somewhere somewhere. By the conclusion of the film, Eric Stoltz's character has come to accept his status as a disabled person, but since he is a narcissistic monster, from the beginning of the film to the end, we did not care less. <br /> <br /> In addition to its character problems, the film suffers from this strange syndrome suffered by so many Hollywood movies; the syndrome does not really have an official name, but you might call it "Unexplained Syndrome of Forgiveness." Something like that happens: the characters are abusing the crap and then without apologies, everything is forgiven (a particularly unclear example of this is in the movie The Breakfast Club, in which a character spends most of the film that aggresses verbally everyone inside an earshot, so loves him. In one of the most recent examples, Spiderman 3, supervillain The Sandman loses the pieces of Manhattan, then spies on Spiderman for what seems to be about 15 minutes monotonous before be flown with what "pa, now" means). The most flagrant example of IFS in The Waterdance is a sequence where, after being named n-word by William Forsythe's racist biker character and his friends in the previous scene, Wesley Snipes's character dresses with the same character of Forsythe in the next scene, as if nothing had happened just for a short period of time. Again, without any "Oh yes, I'm sorry for that business where I, you know, I told you in the word." It makes me wonder if these people actually follow these movies before releasing them or just filming them with their eyes closed, a kind of ball in the editing room, depending on the number of the scene, and call it one day work?
