First of all, to get my own personal feelings, let me start by saying that I hate the so-called comedies in which each character is written and played as so stupid as to get lost if they are all the result of the cross. Now I will say that I saw the first three American Pie films and while these were not the most amazing movies I've ever seen that were good (and even masterpieces compared to the three "American Pie Presents"), I still feel obliged to ask what the hell they were thinking when they made this movie? I have some other questions. Who thought this was an acceptable use of studio funds and production resources? <br /> <br /> who endorsed the final scenario (and what did he smoke when he approved it)? Finally, why did anyone think it deserves to be released in theaters where the average cost of admission is between $ 10 and $ 15, depending on where you live when it is Did you have to go directly to the discount box at Blockbuster or Wal Mart? There is so much wrong with this movie that I can not write a really comprehensive review of it because it would exceed the maximum allowed words in this forum, so I just touch the biggest things wrong with it. The land is generically uninspired and stupid, and the characters are as interesting as watching dry paint for eighty minutes, but the biggest thing I can see wrong with this movie is acting while most of the casting there are no talents that will probably be forgotten in a few years, a single name, and only in this film is Eugene Levy who spends almost all the time on the screen with this familiar smile on the face that tells the spectator " I know it's not funny and I'm losing my talent, but I pay for it, so who cares or even tries to make funny jokes (it really deserves better than this garbage). As mentioned above, most of the cast is horrible, even though some of them were in a series of great shows, Tyrone Savage (from the classic Canadian series, Wind At My Back) a character that is at t is unbearable, inappropriate and irritating (there are things she can learn about tropical skin diseases) that you almost want to die a slow and painful death on screen, Christopher McDonald (NCIS, Law & Order) screen and waste talent he has to be in this movie. Perhaps the next movie in this series will be just a soft base porn with a story line so you can get around the MPAA and get an R rating of this movie goes everything with vulgarity useless nudity and unnecessary sexual content of offensive that he should have obtained the X rating (rating board must have been drunk or drug when they reviewed this movie for his rating). It's interesting that twenty-five years ago, when Wes Craven sent a nightmare on Elm Street to the MPAA for a rating rating, it forced him to cut twenty-five seconds of film I think he was part of the death scene that had a silicone casting a breast in it) to avoid getting an X rating, and he had no choice but to do it or the movie would not have been released, but this unnecessary type of garbage can get the R rating today, because it's all done in the name of comedy, if this movie is a drama or horror film of this type of content, it would have been a huge smell on the content and it would be forgotten about the fear of X. The last thing that really annoys me is the writing, this movie is written to play like the wet dream of a 12-year-old child with an extremely active sexual imagination, pretty juvenile and extraordinary crass, almost any situation exhibition that is supposed to be will move the body to this film is called a plot along the telegraph that any intelligent viewer can see it coming a mile away and the so-called characters are just stereotypes of stereotypes of stereotypes, it does not matter the often rejecting sexual references and the constant scenes unnecessary deviant sexual behavior feels as though this movie was written by a hacker in the first incompetent year in a low-school school class. <br /> <br /> Long and short it is time to kill this series before it becomes worse crass and offensive, this pie is full of apple apple.
