For those who have little time on their hands, I'll summarize it quickly, in a word ... pathetic. There are a lot of good examples of why this movie fits perfectly under this description. So much so that you can barely pass 2 minutes of the screen without seeing something completely stupid and unnecessarily forced upon you. Do you want a completely empty woman in the first 10 minutes? You understand! The reason it appears is so useless that it actually determines the tone for the rest of this shit of minor prostitutes. You can almost enjoy the mischievous minds of the 12-year-old boys who have written this piece of garbage just by looking at these nonsense that they expect the public to actually pay! <br /> <br /> I've been watching many movie releases over the years, but American Pie, Beta House must be one of the worst offenders when you think that despite the average nature of the original movie, it's still a thousand times more fun than this game. Complot is predictable and sometimes you feel like you're following a school. The things that happen in this movie are so unrealistic that it takes a lot of suspicions of mistrust to actually watch it (we're talking about Star Wars suspension levels like those you need to convince Jar Jar is real)> <br /> <br /> The plot is thin paper, and especially the events that happen are just there to show another pair of breasts or to create another pathetic joke. There is no talent to talk, all you have is a bunch of cute boys trying to make us laugh. Oh ohhh how do they fail !!!! Every gag collapses and the only thing I laughed was how the socialist did not know the writers seem to be. How else can you explain to the bulls they are trying to make like a story? They go through any opportunity to do something meritorious and entertaining in favor of badly written stupidity and the least common denominator. Characters must meet a certain number of tasks before being accepted as members of the Beta House, but this is solved especially by a series of very short mounts that imply that they perform the tasks, but we do not see very little evidence going on fact. It's a very lazy way to tell a story. I also miss the opportunity to be funny (imagine that the Wizard of Oz where all the important events happened on the screen instead of it and all we see is that Dorothy raises the Scarecrow every time in new and saying: sure it was a great adventure I just had ") Lazy.) Lazy.) LAZY !!!! The feminine characters have little or nothing to say, all I do is to undress for no apparent reason and are used as visual props for most of the movie.Think that just T & A search will not be disappointed, but for that reason just shame on you.If you buy this on DVD, you will contribute to the collapse society in your own way. Congratulations.
