Stifler, has finished his mercy and is now joining the Beta House. It happens crazy things, people running around naked and nerds are entertained by this series and is dead in the water. Naked Mile was a bad movie, but it seemed to me that it was much better than Band Camp. They seem to have returned to what did not work for them and show that they do not care. You can find out where the target audience is and introduce it perfectly. Young teenage boys who want to see naked women, raw humor and beer will love Beta House, anyone else can look far enough. Star Wars has become a massive success that has amazed the audience long before the special effects of time. Lord of the Rings has created a whole world of mythical creatures and massive beatings that blinded the eye. The matrix has changed the way sci-fi actions and movies have been made, especially with the latest cutting-edge effects. With all the progress in technology, we look forward to the next great thing that will have our jaws thrown to the floor. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, which pushes the limits of what technology can do. When people created spacecraft, landscapes and creatures using CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create sperm. Yes, the thing that creates life, which you often see in pornographic movies, is created and time is slowing down to show us that the white residue draws in the room on a plush teddy bear. It's funny? Disgusting? No? Beta House presents more nudity, then The Naked Mile, which is surprising given the title of previous rates. Does the film need it? Of course not, does the plot ever progress, does it ever do? Does he ever laugh? Does young boys ever challenge them? Yeah, women are beautiful, but if I'm the one who thinks it's too much nudity, then you could even have done a little porn. The woman who captures the affections of our main character is pretty and does not disturb the viewer, as the previous girls did in the series, but I never thought that this character would ever do what he does. I'm sure every action of the characters in this movie is far from realistic. The American Pie series has fallen from a reality of reality into a fantasy world. None of the events in this movie would ever happen, if they ever did, then I have to go to IMMEDIATE SCHOOL. Is this movie supposed to make people feel as if they feel good? Well, we do not look at them, we have a good time, until the end of the movie we want them for all the fun they have. There is a "Deer Hunter" scene in the movie, but to make it "funny" to today's audience they have decided to replace bullets with horse sperm. Are you laughing yet? Instead of shooting with the sperm mentioned on the head or face, I put the gun in my mouth. Are you on the floor laughing yet? The first time we are present at Stifler's roommate, he's having sex with his girlfriend. Do you still call your nudity? The film seems to be at first about boys trying to enter the brother's house but then heading for them, already in the brother's house but having to perform certain tasks. Then he is heading for a race between nerds and boys. Go a little bit "The Vengeance Revenge" for a little bit and it seems there is no room. Frankly, I do not know what this movie is about, because it goes everywhere. Most of the comedy seems to be forced for a shock value. Even at first, with his father, showing his son the list of those he had sex with. The joke is somewhere, I think it might be that his wife is not the last name on the list, or it could have been that one of his son's mother's mother was on the list. Either one does not work. I think if you have not guessed this movie yet, this movie is not funny. It does not even seem to focus, the story is pathetic and the so-called raw humor about which the series was known because it does not shock. Omit this blade tranche and any of the future as well. I do not know why I saw all the entries in the series, but for some reason I seem to have found my way to the eye.
