Drew Barrymore is an actress who has gone through bad times not only in her career but also in her personal life. After she was a wonderful child actress, she got into obscurity with low-quality mediocre films. As she recovered from that dark past, this film remains like a remembrance of Drew Barrymore's most serious days. The film begins with an interesting concern, reminiscent of "Raising Cain" by Brian De Palma; with a plot that deals with multiple personality disorders that set the story for a horror / thriller. Barrymore plays the role of Holly Gooding, a young woman trying to make a new life in California after a traumatic event of her past, in which apparently another personality killed her mother. Suddenly, her past returns to haunt her as her evil personality returns to her life, willing to ruin her new found peace and new love found. In the midst of chaos, his new boyfriend, Patrick Highsmith (George Newbern), will try to help Holly deal with the demons of her past. Unlike De Palma's submarine Thriller, "Doppelganger" is for most of a mediocre film that not only never fulfills its purpose, it also ends in one of the toughest endings of the history of the film. While Barrymore is certainly not the best, he manages to maintain his dignity with a performance above average. Still, the rest of the songs differ from average to bad performances everywhere, though Leslie Hope manages to be among the best. The script is full of cliches, and De Palma's influence is quite obvious. While the movie tries to be original, making literary references in almost every line, the dialogues are boring, and the wood act certainly does nothing. It has a fair share of nudity and strange reasons and the excessive use of special effects. The makeup effects are made by the outstanding KNB and are among the few good things in the movie. However, bizarre over-use of the effects in the overall closure of the context decreases the impact of the KNB's work and makes cheesy what in another movie would be amazing. The fact that this is a B -Movie is not an excuse for its low quality, because with a better and more coherent scenario it would have been an exciting movie. Unfortunately, all we have here is a mediocre movie that gets worse every second. Worthy of Barrymore's beauty. 3/10
