Continuation of Disney's 2009 remake of 101 Dalmatians. Cruella deVil (Glenn Close) is released from prison after being "cured" by her obsession with fur by a psychologist named Dr. Pavlov (ugh!). But "healing" is broken when Cruella hears the Big Ben charge, and she once again goes on a crazy journey to make perfect skin from the Dalmatian skin. This movie is bad in so many levels, starting from the fact that it's a "Thanksgiving Family" movie designed to suck every last hand available from Disney marketing car. Glenn Close deals over-over-over-acts as Cruella. With everything she had to do in this movie - the blade scenario, the endless makeup, the cake up at the end - I hope they gave him a very high salary. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> (Speaking of which, if you find in the world a fur factory, a Rube Goldberg assembly line and a candlelit restaurant all located in the same building - as you do at the height of this film?) Of course, the real stars of the movie should be dogs. They serve as "Macaulay Culkin's" in this movie, pulling all the stupid "Home Alone" acorns on the villains. (Standing on their feet, running over their hands with luggage trolleys, splashing them with glaze etc.), ad nauseum.) I have to admit that the dogs were fairly good actors - much better than humans. Gerard Depardieu is completely wasted in this film as a furious French freaked-out. The two human "dog lovers" - rechashed from the previous film but with different actors - are completely boring. When they have a spaghetti dinner at an Italian restaurant, the film is cut between the two lovers and their dogs at home, watching the Lady and the Tramp dinner scene. I thought, "Oh, please, do not go over there!" I was half expecting people to make a satire on the Lady and the Tramp dance scene - as Charlie Sheen did in "Hot Shots: Part Deux" - kissing spaghetti by pushing the flesh , etc. <br /> <br /> And do not take my annoying parrot with Eric Idle's voice. The costumes have been nominated for Oscar, and the costumes in the movie * are good. But they are the only good thing in the movie. The rest is an unbearable task.
