... that Jamie Foxx will ever offer a wonderful, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" was that due to the fact that, looking at his strange and inappropriate concerts in films such as "Bait" and "Booty Call" -I would ever have imagined that he would ever support the Oscar. If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx would one day win an Oscar, I'd laugh right in front of them. Who knows? Maybe it's better to stick to the drama, because if you see "Bait," it's obvious that comedy is not his force. I swear, Jamie feeds so much in this movie that I'm surprised his face has not fallen. And why do those stupid voices have to make every chance she gets? Anyone familiar with comedies such as Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that doing comedy does not need to be tough and tiring. If a joke is funny, it's funny. If it's not funny, then making a crazy accent does not make it funnier. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try to act is that they prefer to laugh at being in character. In real life, ordinary people do not always have spells and chips. As Albert Brooks said in an interview discussing his character in "Taxi Driver," it's important to be funny that your character rather than fun as a comic. A first example of Jamie who violates this rule is the frightening scene in which his photos are taken and begins to look for photos as a model. If an ordinary person had been thrown into prison, would it really be acting badly while taking their photos? And the police would not try to argue if it was? There are many scenes like this in the whole movie. Another horrible sequence is that Jamie is speechless on the phone with the villain and begins to make a fake accent in the Caribbean. Not funny! Not to mention that Jamie does not seem to recognize the joke time. Providing a comic performance requires patience, while he goes straight to the punchline, whether it's the right time or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie's. In fact, for the first time, I felt somewhat relieved whenever it appeared on the screen. Epps has the same flaws when it comes to comedy but at least chooses a less key approach. One of the few bright spots in this comedy comedy is David Morse, a highly underestimated actor, especially known for his supporting roles as villains. He seems to be the only actor in the film who is concerned about his foundation in reality. However, colleague "Green Mile", star Doug Hutchison is disgusting over as a bastard. A big surprise, given that he gave a superb performance in The Green Mile, also playing a heavyweight. Antoine Fuqua has been his director in films such as "The Killers of Replacement" and "Day Training". Even in "Bait," he says he can straighten out a chance. His only problem seemed to be the discipline of Jamie Foxx, who probably improvised half the script with a bad joke after another. If you're not a fan of Foxx, please do not take the bait.
