I can not believe I've been following this piece of nonsense, but I did, and I feel compelled to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore him as a nonsense of typical PCs and it must be understood that he needs to improve because he will not. If his coffin boy hanging over him does not make you feel bad, then be grateful that a freak who wrote and / or ruled this grosse is in some way trying a little constraint. I mean, be real. It is a matter for a gay character to appear in a movie in such deceptive times as these, but another to have him permanently slapped on the screen and examined almost and personally when the line notes clearly show that the film should be about a mother who wants a kind of "closure" for her daughter's sudden death. What should one do with the other, could someone be tempted to ask? It seems that the two problems are interdependent. And if that was not bad enough, the bearded lady from the ice cream parlor. I mean, seriously, has not ever heard this poor electrolysis woman? Why does it have to go like this? At least, how about showing ugly things and, while you're at her, to eliminate those horrible dead. You want to break an ice cream you just served? I do not think. There must be something in New Jersey. <br /> <br /> You think Diane Keaton could save this piece of wood, but think again. Trying to put the lipstick on a corpse? I do not even want to think about it. And if the body had to be that of his dead daughter. This grotesque excuse for cinema is a prey to the word "go" and that's all it is for him. One wants each of these characters to simply go out into the waves and continue to go. None of these miserable people have won their sympathy for a moment. Believe me - get this over. It's not about death, a mother who unfortunately suffocated her daughter, or even the more unpleasant issues she always raises, no matter how little you want to hear. There is a pile of perverted garbage from a wrong manager and without talent.
