The movie of this terrible movie is so complicated that I put the spoiler warning, because I'm not sure if I give anything. The audience sees first that a Jack Ripper man kills an old man on an alley a hundred years ago. Then we are up and a young Australian couple is looking for a house. We gave an incredibly long tour of this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror. She had a 105-year-old woman there. There are also large iron panels that cover a wall in the day. An old fashioned racing car falls when it is refurbished and the husband keeps it. I think he's got a laugh because he starts to have strange dreams. Yes, the couple is not able to have a baby, because the husband draws some signs. <br /> <br /> Some mold seems to climb the wall after the young man removes the iron panels, and the mold is in the form of a person. Delay in the story there is a plot about a big cache of money and the husband kills the guard and a colleague and steals the money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on? Who knows?? Nothing is explained. The serial killer's kid was the 105-year-old woman? Child Sister? Why have iron panels been placed on the wall? How would the serial killer keep in the cellar? Has he been shut up by his family and died of hunger or just hidden? Who is Mr. Hobbs, and why is he so desperate to get the iron panels? He never saw you again. Why did the serial killer kill people? We see only an old man killed. Was it a pattern or a motive or something? Why does my wife suddenly become pregnant? Is it the terror of the serial killer's demon? Did she manage to infiltrate her husband's sperm? And why, if the husband managed to obey and kill a huge security guard, is he incapable of defeating his wife? And how powerful is the voltage system in Australia that it would hit the camera simply by cutting a light wire? And why does the wife stay in the house? Is she now in possession of the serial killer? Will the child be the reincarnated murderer? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back! The only pleasant aspect of this story was to see the husband running over time only in boxer shorts, but even that he could not redeem this incoherent mess.
