The German case of nuts Jörg Buttgereit apparently has fans - but I do not know why, and I'm certainly not one of them! The only Buttgerit movie I've seen before was Nekromantik and I hated every minute, but - shocking - this movie is worse! Der Todesking is useless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's a worse movie because it's boring in a way that some movies have ever made (not far from The Blair Witch Project, seriously). Some people say this movie is "sick" and "shocking", but it really is not. The director could have said about death, but only he knows what it is. How can someone watch this movie and be anything but bored with it is completely beyond me. The film revolves around the theme of suicide and follows the death of seven different people over the course of a week. Yes, that means we have a useless and boring episode for months, a useless and boring episode for Tuesday, a useless and boring episode on Wednesday, etc. This movie is even more boring than my average week! Der Todesking is apparently an "artistic" film, though this seems to be a reference to how it does not make much sense, rather than a film reference that has any resemblance to "art ". Each segment of the movie has the role of telling a separate story - but not! We only get a brief outline of suicide, and it just makes you wonder what it means. The film feels it should be deep, but there is a big big hole in which the intelligence should be and nothing there to fill it. Buttgereit uses some evocative images; but I'm unlikely to remember any of them for more than a week because this movie is not that memorable. There is a blow that involves a man's decomposing body that appears quite often, but that ages pretty fast and all you have left is the rest of the movie, which is unfortunate. If I had to fight for good things to say about these nonsense, all I can think of is this; the title sounds cold. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only movie I've ever seen from this amateur director; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2 and now I do not hurry or look. Der Todesking is a boring movie without any point and anyone who calls it "art" is very wrong. Give him a wish.
