First of all, I'm not America or the Middle East. Secondly, I do not have a religion. The closest thing to a religion I have is sports and movies. From now on, I think it would be best served to provide an opinion of neutrality and no prejudices. Most of these short films are a total shame. This terrible event should be used to commemorate those innocent people who were killed by "some" barbarian and uncivilized bastards. Instead, most of what we have seen in these short films have been attempts to score different political points. Examples: <br /> <br /> 1) Ken Loach's segment. Sure, we are all sad that this guy had a hard life in his country, but what about the innocent victims of 2001? Two mistakes do not make a right? Regardless! This film should have a subtitle for those who have problems listening to a partially incoherent Chilean-English accent. 2) The most disturbing is Youssef Chahine's segment. It is obvious he has problems with logic. He justified the crimes due - America being a democracy and because some Americans voted politicians in power, then all Americans are ultimately responsible for the actions and decisions taken by their leaders in the Middle East. Helloooo! Is this real guy? Some Americans do not even vote! Some Americans do not even know where the Middle East is; some do not even know what religion is practiced there; and most do not know the real political issues that are being played behind the scenes. - Mr Chahine, the reason we have all these problems in the world is that there are too many people with your logic. The innocent victims of the Twin Towers came from around the world. The assassinated firefighters, rescuers, office workers, elders and passengers have nothing to do with politics. And yet, we are not allowed to refer to our lives because "some" believe that everyone has to choose a part or a religion. We are perceived as a fair game for extreme politics. 3) The Israeli segment has shown its own bombed victims. Another director who uses this event to push his own political agenda. Sometimes it's not about you. Some people always think of "me, me, me." Sometimes it's about other people. 4) Idrissa Ouedraogo's segment is a joke and another political scorer. Clearly, I want money from the international community by highlighting their poverty. Blah, blah, blah. This film denigrates the memory of the "victims" of September 11, 2001. The best thing for him is TRASH CAN.
