To avoid confusion, let me clarify a few points: I'm not a red neck. I'm not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am a radical: a libertarian. I'm not a WASP, I was not even born in the States. Jorge Luis Borges used to say that there are some sort of people who do not feel poetry and that these sad people usually earn their poetry of teaching in life. This movie was made by and for people who do not feel poetry, through and for show-offs; and dare to say, by and to people who have no sense of decency, or, indeed, respect for the life or death of others (especially when the victims are considered to be mostly "bloody imperialism" killed in the soil Yankee, you find the initial marketing idea of ​​eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds, and a frame as being particularly hideous and repellent, just terrible why they did not allocate a budget of dollars per episode because individuals were brutally killed in The whole idea lies somewhere between simple stupidity and foolish fascism: Anyone who is serious about filming (and seriously about life and death) should have refused to take part in this remembrance of insinuations and those who did not With two exceptions: the Burkina Faso - almost amusing - episode in India - which documents the story of a man who was investigated inco rect and wrong in connection with the attack on the basis that he subsequently returned home and that he was an American Muslim (and indeed he was told when the deeds were known to have been honored as a hero). All the other nine episodes, essential and extremely boring and moving, can be listed in two different categories: First, "I'm not interested in thousands of victims: Americans, strangers, children, young people, adults, old people ..." be resumed in pure boredom and lack of excitement. Makhmalbaf (Iran); Lelouch's (France)? I'm afraid I will do a heresy when it comes to Lelouch, but maybe his episode might be considered built on an idea that could be considered almost original; Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gita (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: "Yankees of Blood deserve". And it can be resumed in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) justifies suicide bombers; Loach (UK) believes that the 11/11 attacks were a kind of punishment for the alleged US support for the Chilean dictatorship led by serial killer Augusto Pinochet, in fact someone should inform Mr Loach that Pinochet's victims is not linked to Al-Qaida and Chile is a South American country that Mr Bin Laden's only existence ought to have ignored, he should be informed that the US government is penalizing Chilean dictatorship harder than any other state of the world; and Imamura (Japan), clearly shows that World War II is linked to the WTC attack. The Imamura was at least coherent in this case: Linking the alleged cause effect is totally meaningless, playing well with his episode, including a man who is believed to be a snake. Pretends to be obscure. Instead, it's ridiculous. There is a kind of error shared by many, including some Americans, and it is believed that this film has not been commercially verified in the United States because of any kind of censorship. Nothing beyond the truth: This movie has not been examined in the United States because it is a complete fiasco. A fiasco of the weirdest guy. Even in Buenos Aires, where peronism and other forms of fascism are the closest and most dear to the hearts of a large number of inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is in vogue, the film was viewed in theaters transformed into theaters and was applauded by a very select audience: a few sad, usually rewarding applauses of other spectacles as "weird." Like the look of a McDonald's fast-food restaurant or maybe an elderly Jew, burned in ashes.
