When I go to the video store to rent a movie, I usually trust IMDb's images on a movie and until he has never seen a movie of 7.0 or more on the site I did not like. > Sidney Lumet, a legendary director of some of the best films of the twentieth century, really missed here, making one of the greatest mistakes a director can do: filling a movie with characters that they do not enjoy any redeeming reality. > <br /> I like movies with the wrong characters, but no matter what a dark person's personality, we all have a little light and there are all shades of gray, some darker or brighter than others. Mr. Lumet crossed this line by completing this film with absolutely unimaginable and almost black masochistic characters. Ethan Hawke's Hank is a 30-year-old man full of shadows, immature, irresponsible, divorced from a marriage with a wife who hates him and a daughter who thinks he's a loser , which is very much. His incision and desire to let others do the dirty work for him, because he is too cowardly to do so, leads directly to the bank robbery plan that breaks and his mother is killed. When he rises to his older brother at the end of the film, he is more pathetic than ascension. Ethan Hawke plays his character well, but he is not given too much to work with him being portrayed as someone with a permanent boot stamped on their face and does not care that he is there. Speaking of what the wife of his character is just as bad. Almost every movie in her movie is her verbal to beat him for rent and to support money for children and to later increase her self-esteem that is no longer with insults. Seriously, that's all about the character. Its harp-like behavior is limited to evil. Albert Finney plays their father Charles, and while Mr. Finney has been a great actor for many decades, he spends about 90% of this film with the same mouth open half grimace on his face as he suffers from the worst constipation disorder in the world. For someone who has been an actor for as long as Mr. Finney, you think he would be more apt to emoting. Even if he does not look too much, his character is supposed to be angry and full of anger. And when he suffocates Andy at the conclusion of the film is like Dr. Frankenstein who put the monster that helped him create his own misery. Marisa Tomei does not have much to do with her character. Stuck in an unfortunate marriage to Andy and having an affair with his brother for an unimaginable reason. When Andy's world begins to get out of control, she plunges logically, but it really does not make herself selfish or self-serving than any other character in the movie, but at least with the best sense at least. And finally, we get to Andy, played by Philip Seymour Hoffman, always good, being the only reason I rated this movie with a 3 instead of 1. A performance of heroin addiction, the perfect crime "of robbing his parents' jewelry store goes the fascinating moment. His descent from a calm master planner of a wrong scheme to an unstable, disturbing manicidal maniac is credible and tragic. Hoffman's character ends up being the biggest villain of the film, but it's hard to twist it, since the alternatives are a smaller emotional castrated brother, and a father who admitted early early paternity led to eventual psychosis of his son and the indirect, unintentional killing of his mother. Finally, this movie is really worth looking at the extraordinary performance of PSH and is a depletion of the train family. Just do not expect to be some characters that deserve to be applauded, because they really do not exist.
