Based on the personal experiences of director John Singleton's time at the University of Southern California, Higher Learning comes. A film centered on racial policy that takes place in modern colleges. There are three main characters to whom the film bases its foundation for his story: Malik Williams, an athlete who has no worries and who is an American male African. Kristin Conner, a white sheltered little girl, and Remy, a white man unbeaten. All three are overcome by the sudden reality that college's life is not as good as advertising, because all three pass through disappointment by being unprepared (Malik), by birth (Kristin), and by being unwanted (Remy )> <br /> A good thing about the film is that it shows that modern American colleges are just high school lyrics. Colleges are no place to build their character, to develop their potential or to enhance personal progress, but they are institutions used to gather all sorts of students into a unique atmosphere. It is an experience that is usually built for failure for most students. It would have been better for the film to build its story about this transvestisation, rather than about racial policy. But it did not, and where the movies broke apart. Singleton, apparently, had a rather poor experience in Southern California. Through this film he lets everyone out. There's no need to knock here over here. Singleton allows the heroes and villains of this piece to be easily seen. The black characters in the film are pretty much seen as heroes here, while all the white men in the movie are seen as villains, saved for Kristin, who was raped by another white colleague. Who can understand the incoherence of this movie? The members of the black ganglion who come to the aid of a white girl after she shows them to those who raped him? The ease with which the black band members have at the university, while a bunch of leather heads meet in a dark house that intends to rape? The performance of Omar Epps (Malik) and Kristy Swanson (Kristin) are disappointing. They appear to be the third choices for the roles they have played in this film (Tupac Shakur and Drew Barrymore should have played Malik and Kristin, but they were not available). O'Shea Jackson, known as Ice Cube, Busta Rhymes and Queen King, have been irritated in their role. And Laurence Fishburne was miserable here as a history professor. Only Michael Rappaport did well in this film and felt that his character, of the three main characters, had changed the most in the movie. John Singleton wanted to take up the issue of race and inequality in the American College Life with this film. And he did that bad. It was like killing a rifle. Life is much more complex than it seems, and people are the same everywhere, and they should know that. Higher education is proof that he did not understand this at all. Seeing the movie, then and now, it would confuse, disappoint and anger the same audience they would like to talk about. Not to mention they would not have enjoyed them at all.
