Singleton has some serious problems to deal with. I have the feeling that he thinks he's smart enough; however, this film is almost transparent from comic and self-righteous. In addition, there is a bunch of "could-right" messages, like when our local elderly beats. I mean, who, in their right mind, will root for a bunch of Nazi plunder? However, the way that Singleton describes the "fight" is absolutely silly and seems to be designed to show us the superior qualities of the black protagonists than anything else. There is another "bad" guy (in fact a drunk brother) who violates one of the protagonists of the film. In this case, I believe that Singleton is actually doing a beautiful job, portraying what is probably a very common situation when the woman involved asks the brother to use a condom and does not have or does not want to use one. In any case, he does not accept her requirements that he stops and he continues to have sexual relations despite her motives. I think this kind of rape is too common and, in fact, many uniformed people refuse to accept that it is even a rape. Well, it does not mean no, it is a rape, which probably happens very much in universities across the country. After settling rape, how do you deal with Singleton? When the brother boy tries to call the woman, her roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, when the brother calls her roommate a "black bitch." The injured roommate seems to seek advice from Ice Cube and others, who then proceed to humiliating and physically abusing the boy brother in repeated and prolonged "excuses" for roommate for his racist remarks; however, the lesser rape crime (apparently in Singleton's mind) is not mentioned. Again, no one should feel sorry for the brother; however, Singleton seems to send a double message that a racist comment is a crime more than rape and in any case, violence is justified against jerks. What is so disappointing is that this movie might have been really something important, but Singleton, no doubt a talented director, does not seem to have maturity or the depth of pulling something of this magnitude.
