I do not understand why people would praise this garbage. It's wrong, stupid, unrealistic, awful, and almost anything else. The film is a vision of life, racial problems, prejudices, and all the things weird in college. Here it fails. It has no reality. From many undefined scenarios of the film, such as a black who chased a white man with a gun, the black man and stopped by security guards was handcuffed and carried while the gunpowder leaked along them . The same white man who knocks down the people on a covered subject that is stopped and beaten by the same black man is then stopped and given a Rodney King style knocking while the man's gun runs for free while a moment later was followed back by only one of the four guards. As a previous commentator pointed out Some 230 kg white men being beaten by some black men weighing around 160 pounds, Rhymes Another critical defect in the film is the superficial superficial non-intriguing characters. From the white, terrified and confused people, and from black men, angry and yet right (?). It's almost an insult to both black and white people. I am a white man and I know many black and Hispanic people who agree that this film is wrong to describe characters and give them those characteristics exclusively because of their race. The story I'm going to explain now turns around three characters. Another black athlete, the other a frightening white girl who casts doubt on her sexuality, and the third is a white man who is also confused and scared, then blames the blacks who later become a filmmaker. They all have issues and adventures, including sex, rape, battles, love, hate, prejudice, racial war, and oh, let's not forget about education. What is happening at the end of the year for the deadly thaw. When they return to their dull life and think "being white is bad." Does that sound much like your colleagues? You did not think so. I do not think the director attended college, especially if it was to make this misery terrible. Generally, this is a bad, bad and ugly film. If you want to see a more accurate view or racial problems, visit American History X. If you want to see a more accurate picture of Porky's rent. You just have to avoid this mess.
