This is one of the most misplaced movies in the '90s. I would not recommend it if you have something better to do. <br /> <br /> This image presents African-Americans as wild, uncultivated, violent, wicked, smoker sociopaths. Fudge and his homeland are continuously disrespectful of the others in the home, not only by the white, but by the Asian, and are never disciplined for their actions. Despite this tolerance, they continue to cry and complain about the evil evil oppressors who lead their lives and stand in their way. In fact, Fudge's influence makes Remmy bind his skin, give up his college, and eventually kill his girlfriend Malik. Skinheads are presented as an undercover group outside the campus, and generally stay away from others. They never beat their music to upset the people or beat the cops. They commit serious crimes, such as battery and rape, but are not as repulsive or threatening as Fudge and Dreads (Busta Rhymes). There's a lot of stuff in this movie that almost offended or made me giggle. Some of them are listed below. Fudge and Dreads are declared Columbus University students, but we never see them in the classroom, and it's completely unclear how they pay for their studies. One is only allowed to speculate that the weeds it smokes are related to their finances. Although they are students at a private university, I can not say a single line of English. Their characters are only developed by compulsive whining and xenophobia. It seems that Kristen (Kristy Swanson) drunk băutoarea Billy knew exactly what took her to his home. He even asked to get a rubber so he could start. The fact that she entered without a condom became a rape while it would be a wonderful sex only if she had one at hand. Later, Kristen was assured by Taryn (Jennifer Connely) that she had no responsibility in this matter and, despite having jumped into a bed of a guy, she was not ready to engage in sexual relations and was deeply exploited by a sexual predator. Then, a week or later, he met and slept with an ultra-delicate good who knew how to avoid rape and brought a condom. The director has greatly emphasized contraception. This film is a complete and complete garbage that makes black people look like cakes, and women look stupid and fragile. Cole Hauser's action and Laurence Fishburne's accent are the only reasons I'm thinking of seeing it. The writer / director is obviously a limited intelligence man. Go ahead and limit your own by looking at your crap if you want, but keep in mind that neurons do not grow back. Follow the advice at the end and UNLEARN.
