Is there any other time that has been so exhaustively covered by television (or the media in general) in the 1960s? Not. And do we really need another trip at that turbulent moment? Not realy. But if we need one, must it be as shallow as the 1960s? <br /> <br /> I like to think that co-writers Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind for this miniseries in two parts than what ultimately resulted, especially due to Couturii's involvement in the gorgeous HBO movie "Dear America: Home From Vietnam," which used a little original music without original recordings, allowing it to speak for itself and the sounds of time. This presentation prevents the recording of dramatic production files, but does not make any favors by trying to do too much in too little time; like many of them, is seen from the point of view of a family. But the children in the family seem to get tangential with nearly every major event in the 1960s (it's amazing that one of them does not go to the Rolling Stones concert in Altamont), making it look less like a period drama and more like a Cliff Notes version of the decade. Manufacturers are rushing so much that there is not much time to give the characters any character, with the stick figures called our protagonists on the screen over the ages. the time - the children's father is especially cliché - and when they return to BLAMMO! is something else. Garry Trudeau might teach someone to do something or two about doing it properly. Correctly, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give the old college material trying but are wasted (especially the last two); it is undoubtedly good to see David Alan Grier in a rare role as activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in an unbelievable comeback in the second part) is always welcome. What is not welcome is how the '60s drown the soundtrack with so many vintage songs that eventually reduces its already minimal effect (and this could be the only time that an American presentation about America after 60 years, never mentions the British Invasion - not the Beatles or Rolling Stones ... again, there are just so many songs you can do in the sound album, right?) pushing their ability to change their surface both in time and in the scene, with a happy ending close to place, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" did everything, much better. Nothing to see here, you can not see anywhere, people. except that Julia Stiles does that.
