Blob begins with one of the most bizarre thematic songs ever sung by a Burt Bacharach unbelievable by all the people! You really have to hear to believe that, The Blob may be worth watching just for this single song and the summary of my user comment is just a little taste of the class verses ... After this failed opening the The Blob sequence credits us Steve McQueen) and his girlfriend, Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut), who are parked on their own and testify what looks like a meteorite falling on the ground in the nearby forests. An old man (Olin Howland, like Olin Howlin), who lives in a cabin, sees him and goes to the investigation, finds a strange crater and a strange stone that breaks away when he strikes him with a stick. Sitting in the center of the meteorite is a strange substance like jelly sticking to the stick if you know what I mean! Then slip the stick and attach to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve & Jane lead in a straight line alongside his own business awareness when the old man leaks out in front of Steve's car, Steve being a decent guy who decides to take the old Dr. T. Hallan (Alden ' Stephen 'Chase as Steven Chase) to local surgery. Dr. Hallan says he does not know what the substance is on the old man's hand, but he gets bigger and asks Steve to come back where he found him and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees, but he does not come up with anything, and after returning to Dr. Hallan's surgery, he witnesses the cat that devours him. City Police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and Sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson), looking at adolescence, do not think he's talking about him and suspects Steve and colleagues Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields ) someone called "Mooch" Miller (James Bonnet) to play a practical joke on the police department. However, as the grain continues to eat, it is through the city, Steve is preparing to find evidence of his existence and to convince the police of the threat he has not only in their own city but throughout the world! Directed by Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. & an uncredited Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was very disappointed with this original 1958 version of The Blob. Kay Linaker's screenplay as Kate Phillips & Theodore Simonson is an absolute and extremely dull piece that does not make the most powerful. The Blob focuses on the tantalizing dramas and conflicts between teenagers and policemen, and most of the film The Blob is spent on Steve trying to convince the police of the existence of the blob. For most of the film, the blob itself seems almost inconsistent and a little forgotten. It has only two or three scenes for the first hour and a little to the climax less interesting when adults and adolescents have to work together to defeat the blob and have a new appreciation found one after the other afterwards! Why could not the blob eat much? Is there no explanation about what is with the blob or about its origins, other than those from space, how long did it take to come up with it? Also, the dialogue is clandestine and stupid, just like actions and people making decisions, I like the song when a nurse called Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Payton, did anyone use their real name in this?) Face blob, she throws something over her and says calmly, "Doctor, nothing will stop it!", how does she know that "nothing" will stop it exactly? There is no blood or violence, so do not worry, the special effects on the blob itself are not too bad considering, but it barely has screen time and moves very slowly, just like the movie in general. The action is terrible, McQueen is supposed to be a teenager, when in fact he was 28 years old and looks, looks big enough to be his father! The same applies to the majority of the members of the other "teenagers" and for all, generally speaking, they are wood and unconvincing in their roles. Technically, the Blob is very simple, the dark static photography, the boring direction and the forgotten production values. The blob is one of those movies that probably sounds good on paper and is well known as "classic," but it's actually a great disappointment when it's finally seen. This is a case in which the remake The Blob (1988) is certainly better than the original. The original blob is slow and boring and the remake is not, the original Blob does not contain blood or gore and the remake does not, the original Blob has incredibly weak acting and casting decisions and the remake is not made and the original Blob itself gets very little time on the screen, eating only three or four people throughout the movie and the remake shows the bloom all the way down and practically eats a whole city. The choice is an easy one, the remake every time, because it is a better movie in all respects. I will give the film two stars and I will give that wonderful main theme song on my own. Definitely, not many of the classics seem to do so.
