I would like to say that, unlike many of those who did not agree with this film and found the impossibility of understanding, I was fully able to understand it for what it is. A very incoherent attempt at a plot line. > I do not like to throw this word around, but in this case it fits very well. First of all, the director presents the material in an extremely "arrogant" manner and worse, extremely incoherent. It is incoherent that she presents the material in a disorderly order, makes us believe that the director was too drunk to remember the first scenes and arrogant in that, at 2 hours, we are waiting for us, the viewer to CARE until the end of it. I respected the surreal cinema for what it is. (creating a story about a real world that does not relate to real life). But there is nothing surreal about having a story placed in modern modern times and a set of modern land that, most importantly, is not capable of engaging the public, but more simply a messy series of events that barely bind together. The most accurate way to describe the experience of viewing this movie is as if you were seeing a story; maybe even a very good story because it was based on a book, but being frustrated by the fact that the camera does not seem to capture the moments necessary and to create together any means of coherence. stylistic cinema. Compare Gaspar Noah with "Seoul contre tous" to this. He gave us a coherent, extremely interesting and profound intellectual story. This film does not offer intellectual studies and, while being very stylistic in its fragmented presentation, the director eventually abandoned the essential art of good stories, and all that remains is a mess of events that are just getting together. <br /> <br /> Yes, indeed, it is possible to understand things ... at a POINT. But, as I said earlier, the spectator will reach a stage where he simply says "Who cares". It's like watching a wonderful story about a man going to a supermarket and buying food in a non-chronological order. Even with the crimes it is completely uninteresting and illegitimate. Too many people nowadays will show great signs of something they are not able to understand or understand simply for fear of looking badly and in any way TRIES to make the viewer look bad. you have too much time on your hands, then you look at this movie, taking into account what I said about it. It is a story based on a book that could have been presented in a much more efficient way and what is my basic reasoning.
