There is nothing more than a strange coincidence that I decided to follow STARLIFT at the 59th anniversary of June 1950, when President Truman commanded US forces in the Korean War. STARLIFT, you see, is largely at the base of Travis Air Force in California in the years when it was used as a waiting post for soldiers to be sent to battle in Korea. But you will have to do your own research to know this because not once during the movie is the name "Korea" mentioned. We see that transport planes fly fresh troops and return with the wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where these men will fight or hurt. What's strange about a movie designed to flag the flag and greet American men in uniform. Launched in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, STARLIFT is a very obvious effort to replicate the success of the studios in the Battle of World War II "Canteen Hollywood" morale studio. This pleasure of the 1944 crowd has told the story of two soldiers spending their last three nights on holiday at Los Angeles Nightclub in the hope of a meeting with Joan Leslie. But it really was just an excuse for Warners to bring down every star under contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and many more. STARLIFT has two Air Force soldiers hoping to meet the fictional star Nell Wayne (a similar mask to the Janice Rule) and convincing a bunch of Warner Bros. stars to cast a show for the troopers leaving. But in the place of Crawford, Garfield and others, the best Warner brothers could have carved in 1951 Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson, and Phil Harris with James Cagney, Randolph Scott and a clearly embarrassed looking Gary Cooper. This casting piece, whose combined star power would struggle to illuminate a standard lamp, is perfectly suited to scary production values. Probably, in an effort to save money, many long scenes were shot using a very poor projection. How bad is it? You can see the link where the screen meets the sound floor! To describe STARLIFT as an unpleasant, lazy, and third film, is to make it a disadvantage for films that are blurry, lazy, and third. It's terrible. Avoid it.
