Someone. Have you ever wanted to watch a documentary about a megalomaniacal villain who destroys his own life and estranges everyone around him? Well, they exist in many forms. But did you ever want to watch this documentary about one who ultimately failed to do anything despite the praise of everyone about how much an artistic "genius" is? Well, you could take a room and find someone like this in any local scene (I know they are everywhere and I'm not even watching the local scene) or if you can save your problems by spending the money watching this curse. <br /> <br /> The premise is good and, frankly, it's not like filmmakers know exactly where it will happen, considering it is one of the difficulties of making a documentary. We're going to watch two bands, the Brian Jamestown Massacre, led by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I heard about The Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... not so much as Brian Jamestown's massacre. Why? Well, from the perspective of this documentary, because the dysfunction of Brian Jamestown's group refused to give him the ability to truly succeed in the music industry. However, instead of becoming an analysis of the two separate bands and how you managed to succeed, the emphasis becomes much more on Anton and his madness. Because, you see, Anton is a "genius". "Because he performs rock music, he really" understands the evolution of music "... because he plays rock music with a lot of different instruments. His music is considered" retro-postmodern but the future "... because it is music rock, he wants to bring a "revolution" ... through rock music. Okay, let's face this ... twenty minutes and this is one of the stupidest kids I'd love to see a documentary about. The documentary itself can not share Anton's talent, because by the nature of editing 2000 hours of material within a quarter of two hours, we do not have time to focus on that, so instead, we are following Anton, " genius ", the socio-maniacal loser, to be a bastard for the two hours, and to tell him only to understand that he made good music. Whether he did or did not, I will not know, because not that the documentary had enough Time to prove it what I know is that I was left with a story about an inappropriate ejaculation around the country, which is called God of music, and does nothing to replace it. Why does it even bother you to see this? People like Anton do not deserve the attention he seeks, the hope and admiration of all those different people, and especially a post-failure paw to the lost potential. This movie behaves like a two-hour VH1, especially for a reason: it goes further and further on music, but it's all about image and attention. Look at the guy, look at how he dresses, look at how he works, look at how he tries to create controversy because he can not afford marketing. Honestly, the only interesting character in this movie is Joel, and because of anyone in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to have fun. Maybe because he is the tambourine man. The rest are "rock stars"! They deserve our attention, admiration, interest and commitment! They are there to "save rock-roll". Do you remember when White Stripes had to "save rock-roll"? Yeah, that was because of Anton and it's "selfish to them (Anton) as a source of inspiration." What cargo. People like Anton are best forgotten. This documentary explains why table music is so boring - because music exiles have to deal with people like Anton to live their lives, and ultimately they can only throw their support behind a safe and passionate people. Thanks a lot, Anton. Your Ancient has ruined the music for ALL who you touched, whatever the contrary. And if the people "know" about Anton do not agree and he was indeed a genius, he still shows how bad this documentary is that he cuts that way. PolarisDiB
