I still do not know why I forced myself to stay the whole thing. This "movie" does not deserve the Memorex DVD-R on which it has been burned; I thought I was looking at the result of a group of middle class colleagues who stole their parents' video camera. This is by far the worst film ever made. Truly, from the bottom of my heart, I want to sue Aaron Yamasato for the two hours he stole from my life. So it seems it should be malicious; However, if you should get to hell and you are forced to watch this 90-minute doom-doo coil, you will see that Yamasato is trying hard to make an extraordinary blow. The actors try dramatic kick-ass shows, comparable to Crimson Tide, but they're approaching Marine. The carp that acts is just the tip of the iceberg. The camera angles are terrible. The story is C-film at best - the plot is not even good enough to be considered B-film caliber. The dialogue tries to be dynamic and full of witchcraft, but it is stupid as anything else. Rumors say that a printed copy of the script actually attracts flies. In addition, the techno score is annoying ... not because it's techno, but because it's NON-STOP. That's right, music plays in the LARGER background, acting as a subliminal reminder of how bad this is. I do not care what the disclaimer claims, I do not buy it. BOTS has not been done so badly because it claims too much for what it was: a joke. This movie was very poorly budgeted. But that's no excuse for his sucking factor. Big movies are born from substance, not from budget. BOTS had none. Let me still articulate the overwhelming power of this 90-minute loss: if I had a triple trip with Jessica Alba and Jessica Biel in front of a television and a Samurai Blood, I'd be faster than Steven Seagal in executive decision. Undoubtedly, some people will try to defend the film. Two, maybe three. They will say, "There is a lot of chop-socky!" or "cheesy in a good way!" or "it's so bad, it's good!" These people are idiots. A movie is good or bad. There is no good movie. But there are things like idiots that look like horrible movies. Do not get me wrong; there are a lot of cornball that should not be taken - serious movies that are fun and fun. The draw is one. BOTS is not. <br /> <br /> This suckfest runs for about an hour and a half, and in my humble opinion, it's 90 minutes too long. The best thing about this movie is the DVD cover, so next time you are close to the Wal-Mart DVD shopping cart, take a look at it - DO NOT GET, but just look - and leave quietly.
