I knew I should not have worked between me and the D-wars since we met. First, his title was lazy. D war. Like Dragon's writing, it was too much for them. Also ... you can not be so flagrant about your title, unless it's Monkey Blue. Monkey Blue can make any hell want. <br /> <br /> The second sign of a rocky relationship between us was the mad progress of the story. Here's the movie, dream reportage reports on big snake tracks, blinking back at a time when he and his father have strayed in what must have been the competition for the stall shop and the dream reporter discovers a box that shines . The old shop continues to reveal some terrible truths. Bauraki, a supposed evil serpent, was deceived from his chance of being a god. tells the child that he is a reincarnated warrior and that somewhere in LA is his reincarnated lover and gives him a junk jewel. Shop keep also shows that despite his obvious white he is an Asian aged 500 years. Fifteen years later, the dreamy reporter remembers this perfectly and begins to act half-crazy trying to find this random girl. cgi hijinks follows and in the last ten minutes my brain melts from my nose. Why? Continue on your dear reader if you have the balls. Therefore, Sarah, the reincarnated girlfriend, has her own flashbacks. I have the advantage of having a better Asian friend and in the scene where he starts to scare himself and make a bunch of Asian posters on them, he tells me that anyone who made this film has no idea what they are doing . She is a Korean legend and she is reincarnated from a Korean princess, but everything is in Chinese. Later that night, her dragon starts to hurt, she calls the police because she shows she has a heart attack. You see, in this crazy world it is experiencing heart attacks differently, because the next time we see her, she is locked in her room, with a guard outside and a crazy assistant. I have a new phobia now, and if I ever have problems, the first to answer will only assume I'm crazy. <br /> <br /> I have another point of discussion with my tough mistress, Dwar. There is a scene where Patrick Dempsey Jr (Dreamy Reporter) is in a coffee shop with a black sassy friend. In scenes before the close divinity, Bauraki killed an elephant, crossed a suburb and killed one of Sarah's friends. You see, people were afraid to get out after 9-11, but we have to get stronger after we've decided that coffee and pastries are worth risking our lives. Business as usual, no huge snake will prevent me from receiving my caffeine. If they stay inside and I'm afraid of my life, terrorists and serpentine diviners win. <br /> <br /> After giving him a satisfying dragon to fight the helicopter, my beloved cruel Dwar treats me in a pl and vineyard scene to finish everything with. Bauraki has her own fortress and her right under LA believes. They do not really say, but Dreamy Reporter and Sarah are beaten in a car accident that would kill younger people and when they wake up, yep dragon palace. a later delayed dialogue a good dragon dragon god breaks out of nowhere and snakes fight / do everything they like. And I'm not kidding a good snake from anywhere. Perhaps you think that a blow of proportion, there is no mention of this in the movie, then suddenly ... there! A few seconds later, a good dragon becomes a dragon god, lights up Baurki, Sarah turns into a ghost, and goes with the Dragon God, a dreamer left in the middle of nowhere, lends credit ... thank God <br /> Now, our relationship as rocky as it has been had its good times. He was a guy who looked like a turtle cutter and spoke like a tuscan kidnapper from the star wars. I will call him Tuskan Shredder. He could do everything he wanted whenever he wanted to do it simply could never be useful. He could walk through a wall in a scene where that was not helpful. He could go into your dreams when that would do nothing, and he could light ten soldiers on fire, but not when it was important. He was also allergic to reaching those junk jewels. I like that he was hit by a car twice in the same scene and made fantastic tuscan raider noises. <br /> <br /> The actors, for the most part, were wonderful ... if they were somewhat great. Jason Behr, whom I thought wonderful in Roswell, I slowly discovered that she can only act in one way and is demanding, spacious and Patrick Dempsey "ish". The only thing I love about this dirty prostitute Dwars is his main actor, Bauraki. This giant snake came out of his heart. I dared to say that it was better to play a serpentin evil god of evil, then John Barrymore played at Richard III or Hamlet. It was excitement in every scene, stealing the thunder from the youngest dead. When I was eating an elephant, I felt that no one in the past, present or future would ever eat an elephant with such a sensation. He was more than an actor, a force of nature, and he set his heart and soul every second of this cursed project. Yes, of course, my favorite actor in this movie was a cgi snake. I've had the balls to admit it, do not you? We hope Bauraki gets more work and is not distributed by the guy, as Jason Behr finds a series of emotions other than dreams, and I never have to look at Blue Monkey again. <br /> <br /> So, D-War is over. I want my CDs to be back and be friends
