Everyone does things they regret later. Things they want to blame for drugs or the possession of aliens. Things that seemed rational at that time later reveal that they are engraved guests for suffering and countless rebukes of stupidity. Some people sign the note for the new Hummer, for others it takes a homicidal extortionist for others to send information about their bank account to third-world millionaires mysteriously bound for money. For me it was a movie. D-War: The Dragon Wars In the past, I should have guessed how ecologically and completely recycled this film will turn out to be from its stuttering title and repeatedly. But with the desired suspension of intact uncertainty, and with a naive belief that comes from the refreshing poster in the lobby, I really wanted this movie to work. Unfortunately, until the old pawnshop explained the whole story, at fifteen minutes in the picture, we had the sudden, sinking discovery that came from knowing each point of an unseen film. Even worse: we knew how serious each point would be to suck. Let me be perfectly clear here, English does not have enough hue and depth in the field of evil to describe correctly how bad this movie really is. As far as the knowledge of all the overturned films is concerned, I was wrong. In the spirit of the old Godzilla films, whose scales are not worthy of filling, it conveniently filled the sub-plots each time the main characters were threatened by the scope of a meaningful dialogue. infected with close calls, miraculous leaks and concentrated deposits of anger. This movie is what would happen if you gave access to the national defense budget of the Mogul Morning Power Rangers. And a lot of alcoholic beverages. Let me try and explain. Imagine that you can keep up with all the hottest tracks in the successful action movie of the past decade: First, take the amphibian army that speaks Star Wars Episode One and remove Prozac until they are ready to cancel the Navy seals . Then you get close to Kira Knightly and Tom Cruise (You can even name Ethan as a "subtle" hint at the Mission Impossible franchise) and give them a lot of noir movie narrations so no one gets confused while trying to follow the depth of the goose stone of their thoughts. > Finally, add a wandering robber in speed guns worthy of a Lord of the Rings yardsale and some giant cobra, angry that their scenes have been wiped out of King Kong's latest edition and put them in order in modern day Los Angeles. Now run to the pharmacy to find something for sudden migraine. When you turn around, prepare these ingredients until no clue of originality dissolves, which will dissolve in a homogenized cheese mass and serve semi-gelatinous. At some points in this image, I woke up saying loudly, "Stop the bad movie," and tear tears. To name this movie would give him an undeserved promotion. After the summer school and a lot of physical therapies, it would be possible to go for a C-level film if you could sleep for most of it. In short, if you ever find money and brain cells burned and the need to punish for hidden sins, unspoken against humanity, Dragon Wars could be just the movie for you.
