... no one is watching the movie anymore. My husband and I went to watch him last night. It's just a small theater, but there's usually a decent crowd of people out there. Not this time! My husband and I were the only ones to watch Dragon Wars last night! Now we know why. The film was by far one of the worst I've ever seen. Yes, CG was good, but that was it. Actor, script, and dialogue, direction, editing, etc. they were terrible to God! Since I was alone in the room, I felt free to speak during the movie. I mean, we talked about how bad it was, reminding us of the Power Rangers Go Morphin, Godzilla, Fighting Mortality, and Lord of the Rings. It was like waiting to see Rita and Lord Zed portraying the commanders of Sauron's army. The creatures were ridiculous. You can not just introduce dino / dragon / lizard stuffed cannons without explanations. Lord of the Rings has a wide range of characters, but introduces and develops over 3 movies, not in an hour and a half. Stage transitions are horrible. I did not fall asleep during the movie, but even if it was too simple, I woke up lost in plotting holes. The characters were Caucasian Americans, but they spoke close to English because of the badly written dialogue in the script. The final scene that could have redeemed a certain amount of the movie ... failed. Ethan did not cry when Sarah died ... though she did not know her so much during this life. He did not seem too angry to stay in Mordor, not knowing where he was or how to come back. We could not for the love of God know where he is or how he got there, but if he was not upset, we should not be. Oh, and why did the dress that Sarah's spirit wore, looks like he borrowed it from Queen Elizabeth? Another thing ... all three of the main hero characters were reincarnations brought back to finish the job. Sarah fulfills her task and goes to the next life. Jack does that too. Then why is Ethan wrong? He remained alone, without a girl, without a map / compass / helicopter to help him return. What should he do? Send smoke signals? And if he returns home, does he return to the job? He ought to have the same mercy of being killed in the movie he had other heroes. Do not waste your time or money in this movie. We stayed until the end, because we paid for it, but as the credits hit, I left the door.
