I entered this film with great hopes. Normally, I'm not too pretentious for my movies, and creature movies are * always * fun to watch, or so I thought. I will list the good parts of this film: - The Effects of the Creature. All creatures were well made, their movements were realistic and fit well with the other images. To be honest, the effects of the creature were the only reasons why I gave this movie a 2, rather than a 1. Now bad things: - The actor. Good sir, I saw a bad action, but this movie takes the cake. None of the characters is even close to being believed. It's like the director sent a call and chose all the most serious attempts. I tried very hard not to chicculate too much, because I did not want to bother anyone else in the theater, but acting really was HERE. - Story: The whole story is full of plotting holes from start to finish. You can choose at least 5 plot holes in any 30-minute movie. The plot holes, of course, are free of cheese. This is probably one of the strangest stories we've ever seen on the screen because we had the serious misfortune of staying one night and watching Parasite on the SciFi channel. - Dialogue: This is a world in which everybody says the darkest and most stunning thing they can, in every possible chance. In this world, it seems that each line has been spoken before in at least 30 low budget creatures. It's the world of cheese and cliché. - The special effects. While the effects of the creature were absolutely wonderful, the special effects fail to do anything. Yes, they are better than those seen in other movies, but many of them are presented in the presentation. And this movie has no slideshow. It looks like the special effects used in the TV Power Rangers show to be honest. To sum up: Dragon Wars does not deserve your time or your money. The concept is good, but it is caught in the wrong direction, acting, the dialogue and the gentleness of the film. Wait until the next big monster movie comes out. It has to be better than that, because Dragon Wars is absolutely horrible.
