KING MAKER will undoubtedly be a success in Thailand, where similar (but superior) "The Legend of Suriyothai" has set box office records. The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporn after a script by Sean Casey based on the historical fact of 1547, Siam has some amazingly beautiful visuals but is disarmed by one of the corneest, pedestrian and film stories. <br /> <br /> The event to which the photograph refers is the arrival of the Portuguese soldier Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch), whose revenge for the father's killer leads him to the shipwreck, captured and slaughtered and put in the block in Ayutthaya , in the Siam kingdom where he is bought by beautiful Mary (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of her father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and a past that is revealed as the story progresses. There is a plot to overthrow the king and Fernando and his new friend, Siamese, Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after some free CGIs have improved the martial arts, are rewarded first by the king to become his bodyguards just to be imprisoned together Queen Sudachan (Yoe Hassadeevichit) reveals her plot to kill the king and the son to allow her lover Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart) to take over Siam's leadership. Of course, Fernando and Tong escape and are condemned to fight each other to save the lives of their families (Tong's wife and children and Fernando's ferocious business with Maria), with the expected consequences. (except John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the movie seems to sometimes seem like a camp. The predominantly Thai fight with the insane writing, making us want to use their Thai language with subtitles. Ian Livingstone's musical score seems to be exhumed from old television soaps. But if it's a visual splendor, after there's a lot of that and that's what makes the movie worth watching. It's a film that has obvious financial support for all the special effects and casting masses and sets and shows good intentions. There are just the missing basics. Grady Harp
