Okay, I will not criticize this film in depth. I note more eloquent reviews before me and, as I generally like Maria de Medeiros, I have long been reluctant to make a dishonorable comment - and so it has been nearly a year. But every time I see that DVD on my shelf, I feel a puzzled inside. Anyway, leave your voices worthy of me! But for other cinephiles like me, be afraid. Expressed in simple and gentle terms, here's my position: Political turmoil and overturning the background for this film have also served a background for a certain period of my life - through the newspapers I read daily in my local pub in Central Europe. At that moment, I watched the news, but I never managed to fully understand what the hell was going on. Reporters tended to report either in non-partisan terms or with a conservatism frowning on any groups that were disturbing peace or who were rebelling against the institution. There were times when other winds of turmoil swelled through Paris, Berlin, Prague and various places in the US, all of which I understood clearly at the time - but dictatorship or not, my papers tended to treat the Portuguese Government purely and simply the institution - not as a "good evil empire," to use the terms of Star Wars wary war. So, week after week, I read about the disturbances, but I never found a clever editorial to provide the history behind them, or to evaluate the practices and socio-economic impact of the dictatorship, etc. Thus, when I purchased this film, I had at least two hopes: to finally understand the details that led to social unrest and to enjoy a well-dramed drama. This film did not give me one. The film assumes that viewers already have extensive knowledge and deep emotions about historical facts. And the drama - well, as I said, I want to encourage Maria de Medeiros and the Portuguese film industry, but - it was terrible and superficial. I got my copy of the DVD from France - "Official Selection Cannes 2000 - Certain Regard". The tape shows smiley actors with clear rays, the lead giving the signature of the victory in a way that reminds me more of the Playboy bunny. After seeing the work, I wondered what the French might have thought - though as a piece of superficial "cinematic beliefs" with sensible ethnic content, I understand their natural inclination to praise it for its "honesty" ... < <br /> <br /> Look at the back of the box: "Do not watch chaleuruex sur la Revolution" - a warm consideration? Try to describe the overthrow and killing of Allende with a "warm attention"! Try it with Czechoslovakia in 1968! Try it with the whole range of civilian overthrows and rebellions! Another review: Maria de Medeiros a renegade with the son pays, son enfance et son histoire. "Waste, garbage, garbage! Most of all to me. I love Portugal In all of Europe, Lisbon, Barcelona and Prague are my favorite cities, but my love for a city and a country does not create a I will be staying on the old VHS tapes by Capas Negras and A Cancao of Lisboa - meanwhile, I'm stuck with an area 2 of the title above that could go well in the trash.
