As with most commentators, I saw this on Starz! On demand. After watching the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to follow her from how badly she watched the preview. I, on the other hand, thought it would seem strange enough to guarantee a view. That is, Dr. Meso's design alone justified at least a brief passage over this title. After seeing it, I can say that although there are some interesting aspects for it (that is, looking for notebooks and trying to find out the incomprehensible story), it's better to get over it. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After making their first video for an unfinished CD, the singer, Cassidy, kills trying to make her boyfriend Neil look at her. Three months later, the band is trying to decide whether or not to finish the album. To try and see what Cassidy wanted, they would see an old psychic friend of hers, Dr. Meso, and try to contact her through it. In reading his book, Dr. Meso makes four death cards for the other four band members. The wrong moments are ahead. (I just wanted to emphasize that later in the movie, they explain that Death really represents a change. Kudos for them at least.) Even without the approval of their deceased friend, they decide to go ahead and finish the album. But while in the bathroom, Cassidy's best friend, Dora, captures a glimpse of her deceased boyfriend. When another bandmate goes to check her, Dora sits in the dark asking for the sunglasses. Then the killing starts. My main problem with the movie from the beginning is that it seems to be hard stylized to blame. Too many rollover effects, unnecessary zooms and a lot of other cheap effects raise this movie. An incoherent story does not help. While the narrative hangs together for the first part, once Cassidy is resurrected, everything is breaking up. We have cracks between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mysteriously managed to enter a locked building) that show they are connected in one way or another. However, within minutes of this revelation, we discover that Cassidy is indeed an independent being in Meso. Then he turned the guy who had helped her revenge and moved away in a way that Jack Nicholson called Joker. But not in a good way. From this point, Cassidy's places are shown, but there are strange tricks as the character moves from place to place almost unsuccessfully. A scene we see Cassidy standing at an office, when a character enters the other, is nowhere to be found. As he moves behind the desk, we see him at the end of a hallway. Then in another room, grasping the keys (which Neil already has), then again. Not to mention that, from one moment to the next, Cassidy's mood seems to turn into a complete process without a catalyst. In a moment, she wants to kill everyone (though she only hurt 90% of the characters) - the next one apologizes to everyone and leaves again to die. Sound confused? That's because it is. It's a miserable misery, which I'm sure the writer did not realize. In terms of performance, most are mostly wood. Some are interesting, but in general this is not a piece that would be known for acting. The story is the driving force behind this piece.
