STUDIO 666 (also known as POSSESSED in the UK) is another sub-par slasher that has the appearance of a direct-to-DVD movie. While many of the straight-to-DVD movies are fast-paced or unintentionally hilarious in the worst sense - it's good, STUDIO 666 is a lamentable failure. At the time of writing, each comment on the first page includes a negative rating and a negative review. Each of these people hit the nail of the head. The two people (at the time of writing) who wrote comments with a rating of 10 out of 10 should not be taken seriously. Obviously, they've seen some slasher movies and have a more limited understanding of horror. The only really positive point I can make about this movie is that she is better off than THE CHOKE and ONE OF THEM, two extremely mediocre films that I would not have wanted my worst enemy! The film of this film must have been made in hundreds, if not thousands of times. The film has only a slight twist (and one that is mistakenly manipulated) to the usual expectations. A depressed singer suicides. Soon after, her spirit returns to possessing one of her surviving friends. The possessed friend said goes on a killing syndrome. The rest of the plot is really too bizarre to sum up. You will have to see it yourself, giving you interest has not fallen to the point of extinction, of course. The film act is very weak for the most part. The actress who played Dora was an exception. Her character was always interesting and seductive when she was on the screen. Helps raise the film over similar contemporary efforts. Unfortunately, some of the lines he was told to have been poorly written to make them easy and to prevent the movie from being saved. The direction was as weak. The villains do not seem to be the least threatening, each killing was completely free of suspense or tension, the atmosphere was non-existent, and the work in the room was incredibly fundamental. Some of the special effects (if you can call it that) reminded me of the TV series, GHOST STORIES. Unfortunately for the producers of this film, GHOST STORIES wrote intelligent scripts, credible performances, and made superb use of camera angles. Perhaps if the producers were watching the TV series closely, they would have taken several techniques that could have saved this excuse for a movie! Music is completely inadequate to the tone of the movie. It's just rock music and not the best examples of this type. Do not make me start that terrible melody in the beginning! Some aspects of the film, especially the dialogue, are unintentionally funny. Unfortunately, they are not fun enough to move the movie up (or should be down) to such a bad level is good. Generally, the STUDIO 666 is a mediocre slasher mundane with very few noteworthy aspects. I recommend this only to those who are fans of straight-to-DVD movies and have the desire to see every song ever made.
