I hope that the spectator who sees Dream Machine as one of the most beautiful in Corey Haim and the "best movies of the century" was crying. Are we not detected by me? I sincerely hope. The dream car marks the first of a long line of mediocre deer that would affect Corey Haim's career (except for the "Rollerboys Prayer" which was surprisingly decent). Here, Haim plays a nonchalant college boy, Bernie, who assumes that a cold car will draw attention to the face of the dream. Lucky for Bernie, a wealthy woman who wants to go back to her deceptive husband, decides to reward her faithful piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: a Porsche Turbo slick. However, the woman's lack of knowledge and Bernie's unhappiness is that her dead husband was killed and his body was hidden in the trunk. Now, because in this movie, the bodies do not seem to be degraded or have a pretty funky, Bernie does not know that. In fact, the average boy has no idea that something suspicious happens, despite strange circumstances that arise. In particular, a grizzly man follows him desperately to realize that relatively undetected body. This is inferior action, because many of Haim's films are so (see The Double O Kid). Despite the fact that it is a partial action, a romantic comedy, this film does not give the spectator anything of interest at least for the first forty-five minutes in which filmmakers need more time to show the immediate problem (that is Bernie being in possession of a car and a body, and a man who struck her and learned that Porsche would be hard to find). After that, and because of Haim's poor action (I loved this child, but he is not even sacrilegious to recognize the times when he could not go well) and the lack of a real and immediate emergency between Bernie and the bastard makes many of the events not convincing and as a result, inappropriate. To add insult to injury, the soundtrack was incredibly ridiculous and sounded more like the songs you'd heard in Team America (see the "date" assembly). Corey Haim's loyal fans should not be disappointed to see their boy in abundance. Yet others, understanding that Haim's career has probably reached 14 or 15 years of age and has not recovered, would have expected mediocrity, as spectators would only look for the early 1990s to pass the time .
