There seem to have been many such films released in the 1970s. And the fact that I can not remember the title to one of them is a measure of their impact. These are the things that novelists would call boilers. They are far more than just a vehicle for keeping films in the public eye. We have Micheal Caine, Peter Ustinov, Omar Sharif, Rex Harrison and William Holden; more than enough names to get adults on cinema seats. Every taste in the hero is assured. Although one suspects that most of the audience was disappointed. Their talents are simply thrown away, and I wonder that stars with so much money and such a reputation can still be so desperate or unethical. This type of movie does not add hard to a resume. Sometimes, maybe actors should choose their director instead of the other. It was pretty obvious that it would be stupid right from the start. This jazzy jazz-themed jazz music, which also percoles whenever an incidental noise is needed, had all the atmospheric belief of the Muzak lift. Who imagined engaging a jazz band when a scene was the hot jungle of Central Africa or the Sahara without end with camels and palm trees as a background? Definitely a serious ball. Ennio Morricone would have known what to do; and his results would have generated enough atmosphere and tension to raise my rating to two good points. This director should have had trouble looking at "Lawrence of Arabia" or even Westerners of Sergio Leone; could have learned a few things. But again, it probably would not be. Alfred Hitchcock played the missing wife's theme effectively in his "Furious" movie. Later, he was remodeled, with a doll equal to Harrison Ford. In each case, the confusion surrounding their loss and follow-up tension was tangible. Here, when Michael Caine had otherwise been forced to use a small brain and bravery, Rex Harrison was holding out of place like old geniuses to put him back on the road whenever the narrative hindered. <br /> <br /> At least the photo was pretty good with an excellent use of the often beautiful environment. But then, bad music has to pee and throw to the atoms that created the little atmosphere. Scenes of action were also contrived and stilted, with such corrupt sequences of battle that could have been organized in a first-class theater. And, of course, players have to fight for a jazz accompaniment - just like you do. And that means just as many comments as this article deserves. Except that the script was pretty miserable. <br /> <br /> Stick with the hobby on this. Even if it contained your favorite stars, you're sure you're disappointed.
