Michael Caine has always argued that Ashanti was "the only film he (he) did just for the money," as well as "the worst film he ever played". Wait, Michael, were not you in The Swarm and hurry Sundown? And those two movies were not much worse than Ashanti? Perhaps Caine is reminiscent of the physical requirements of punishing a film of action at temperatures of 130 degrees Fahrenheit (director Richard Fleischer was hospitalized as a result of the sun's accident during filming). What actually happens, Ashanti is not Michael Caine's low career point. Instead, it's a highly mediocre thriller with a talented cast, exotic locations, boring stretches, and an extremely formal story. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Caine) is a W.H.O physician who is left devastated when his black wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) disappears during a relief trip in an African tribe village. Linderby gradually realizes that his wife was kidnapped by slave traders - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and departs from a journey across the continent, which eventually leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br /> On the way, big stars appear for inefficient and unnecessary roles. William Holden has a poor cameo as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif presents a bit of his usual charm or grace as a spoiled Arabian millionaire; Rex Harrison seems to be bored right in his brief brief contact role that helps Caine in his search. The film is based on a best-seller called Ebano by the little-known author Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the suspense that made the book so popular is largely absent in this adaptation. Ustinov is charismatic as a slave (in all his films he seems not capable of delivering bad performance), and Caine generates a credible pain like the man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are occasional movements, but generally Ashanti moves slowly. On the whole, it is a hokum-resistant action - not of such terrible stretches as the dog has often suggested, but not a very inspired film and certainly an escape from all the talent involved.
