So I rented this from Netflix, because someone gave me Roger Ebert's book, "Ugly, ugly, ugly this movie," and gave him a rare star rating in the book and said at the end of the initial review "Mad Dog Time should be cut to give ukulele free tips for the poor." So I thought from Ebert saying I would see if he was really as bad as he said he was. I know most of the society says not to listen to the critics and to judge for you but I could not express how much I hated this piece of junk as Ebert did and never from Ebert's review of Rob Reiner's " where he said he hated that movie ten times I've ever heard a brilliant review of the hate film. Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster that I do not think would be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the script for this movie was written well. But above all the terrible things about this "movie", I can certainly tell you that the script has not been written at all. While the movie begins with Jeff Goldblum saying he enjoyed watching Dreyfuss's girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, the film starts with a decent dialogue after opening the credits. But after these first 4 or 5 minutes the other 85 minutes consist only of mute characters, talking about unnecessary garbage for 30 seconds, then someone is shot. Then there's a bunch of jokes about Dreyfuss being mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we have an unpleasant and unpleasant scene parodying Frank Sinatra's "The Way" performed by Gabriel Byrne, apparently insulting Dreyfuss. Of course the script was written at the level of a sixth grade student, Dreyfuss shot Byrne five times and Byrne would not die. Are we like the public who should take care or find that slightly funny thing? I can certainly tell you that I did not care or find it funny. I'm not only disappointed with Dreyfuss (who admire a lot as an actor) for production and role in this tribute, but I'm extremely disappointed by Jeff Goldblum because it was released in the same year as Independence Day the last, one of the most successful films in history. Goldblum felt that "Independence Day" would be a flop and then take only the role he was offered to make some money if "Independence Day" was a bomb? What won an Oscar winner and the star of two of the biggest movies making money in history? The opening sequence of "The Dog Time Mad" says the film is set on another planet. I just want to lose for 93 minutes watching these garbage have been left and opened in the theaters on the planet where it is supposed to happen, so everyone on this planet will never have a ridiculous waste of it here 93 minutes of my life that I will never come back to. Ebert says the movie should have been cut is not good enough. I'm afraid. Every copy of the "crazy dog ​​time" should have gasoline poured everywhere and lit on fire. I still have a top movie I've ever seen, because it has earned the honor of being the worst movie ever.
