What an insult Olivia D'Abo who plays the film's hero, Robin, to show Keanu Reeves so great on the art of the movie box (and at least on recent re-education to have only Reeves appear on the box), considering she was the star. I realize that his name will eventually sell this long forgotten after special school, but at least give the woman credit. <br /> <br /> Despite this, it has to be one of the worst sports theatrical films I've ever seen and strives to add not only adolescent and sports clientele clientele class warfare between feudal gymnasts and adolescent romance. And, trying to launch somehow as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with music in one of the dance scenes of the warehouse is very close to Michael Sembello's notorious "Maniac", which was made famous by Flashdance, or was the reverse?). It includes similar and even worse dancing sequences, even dancing and sports traditions in the 80s of corny dances between the heroine and her opponents, who doubts their successes and team skills. I saw this in Trashin '(a vert ramp joust) and Rad (BMX dancing at the ball, though it was not much for competition but rather for fun) for example. In fact, this movie is full of unrealistic horns, such as somewhat homo-erotic running in Robin Salvation Army clothes and her boyfriend in the team. However, the film is about a young woman coming from a pretty poor background. To support her in a massive need to squeeze as much sympathy as possible from the audience, she lives with her sick mother, her inappropriate sister, and her uncooperative (and slightly abusive) stepfather. Needless to say, Homelife is not so appealing. Add to the mix, a gymnastic talent, but more obstacles to joining the team (including the mistrust of her arrogant friends, snobby and coach who finally doubt their skills to compete well). And, of course, we can not forget that he has eyes for one of the bobs who meet with one of the incompetent teammates and that he does not have a constant friend (though Keanu after Tommy goes into the picture later). Could it be a more pathetic child? And it seems that one mischief after another comes along the time to indulge her in painfully long, redundant, and clichéd the search to prove its worth to everyone. But even major cheesy moments that include most of the film are not worth mentioning, as the greatest distraction of this film is horrible acting and dialogue. (I like how the gym coach suddenly comes to dinner in the middle of the dance to scare his teammates). Makes the episodes of "Stunning Stories" look like Shakespeare. I imagine that anyone who can locate this movie and follows it these days, probably attracts it mainly because of the nostalgic factor. That's why you may be pleased, but it's an incredibly forgiven drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
