My mother worked with Dennis L. Raider for eleven years, not to mention an office with him. When she was announced to be BTK, she was shocked. The whole day was just her stories of how he'd never seen him as the Wichita killer. I've heard it again many times. I asked her about many things and went to all the interviews she was asked to go. I read the entire book about Raider, Wichita is my hometown and I was surprised that such a thing could happen in Kansas. It was another BTK movie on TV not long ago, and I thought it would have been better to portray Dennis's crimes, maybe even have some smart touches with his motives. I will be very blunt with the flaws in this movie. This is based on my mother's portrait, all my readings about him and the video tapes I've seen about him. First, the room angles were horrible. He looked like he'd been shot on a home video camera. The actress was terrible and I could not even watch her. Dennis Raider never had long hair. Dennis Raider was a "very anal man" and was a "regular follower" type guy. It was not as beautiful as the movie that made him look, it was very polite and steep, like business. The same is true for his killing, as we all know. If you have seen the confession in court, you can already guess. And in terms of obsession with the slaughterhouse? Not. I have never read, or Dennis Raider confessed that he has a problem with animal cruelty or buggies. In fact, he practiced on cats and dogs for choking methods. However, throughout the film he put animals in the faces of his victim and acted as if he cared for their well-being. Dennis Raider never killed the people he knew, he confessed this, but in the film, in his first killing, he tells the lady that he knows her too. I really do not want to get into this movie, and I'm already struggling. It's not what you want to watch if you're interested in the real BTK happenings. It's not what you want to watch if you want a horror movie. If you want half a bad shot shot, with some slaughter scenes served by the party, then this is your kind of movie.
