I admit that the problem I had with the most popular Ealing films I've seen so far could be mine. For my taste, be they fun and funny, or so bright in the tone of being unsatisfactory as comedies or stories. This is a self-important way to say that I wanted to like the "Man in the White Suit", but I woke up struggling to stay in his short time. but he is determined to progress in the form of his attempts to invent a thread that can not be broken or dirty. Using a factory lab for his latest experiment, he faces both material and human limitations - the latter being the heads of deaths who do not understand what he is going to do, then they realize and become more determined to do it stop. "Minuscule minds like yours are in the way of progress," Sidney complains, practicing in the mirror that struggles to tell man. A problem with "The White Man" is that Sidney's vision of progress is also terribly small, even more than that of bosses or workers who resemble his work. My problem is more basic: for a comedy, "White Suit" is not funny. It's a fairly serious scenario, which is too often trying to allay my weak humorous attempts, from spitting, doubling, tripling, and dizzying. The best joke is the sound of the Sidney machine knocking on, running "Bleep-Blop-Bleep-Bop" endless and looking strange from every visitor until Sidney either pulls out the miracle from it or drops it slowly. Like any other bit of humor that works well in this movie, he's been leaning for too long. I did not see Guinness less afflicted in a movie, even though it looks impossible to be young and seriously actually in the mid-1930s. He seems so lacking in blood, even more than the wax-general who he played in Doctor Zhivago. He is the same cold fish if he ignores the sad affections of the girl that affects the moose that gives him life-saving when he loses his job ("Vida Hope" as "Bertha") or the most charming charms of the young Daphne Birnley (Joan Greenwood ), his true ally in his struggle against "shabbyness and dirt" as he puts it, making those words as impossible to sexy only Greenwood could. <br /> <br /> Players who support the game make "White Suit" as good as they do. Ernest Thesinger of fame "Bride Of Frankenstein" plays an industry captain, who resembles Nosferatu and makes a laugh like a death noise. Howard Marion-Crawford, as another factory leader, is as memorable here as he played a medical officer in "Lawrence Of Arabia." Then there is the indisputable charm of Mandy Miller as a little girl who takes a few moments in the room just below the others. But most of the scenes are played so right that he will not think that director Alexander Mackendrick has ever worked on a comedy before (Ealing's previous comedy "Whiskey Galore" does not revert that impression, unfortunately). Roger MacDougall's play puts the notion of scientific breakthrough into potential disaster but fails to portray Sidney boring in anything other than the less appealing light. Ealing comedies are remembered to capture the human side of comedy. However, the exhibitions we have seen do not seem to do so, working only when we play aggressively against our own sympathy. "Kind Hearts And Coronets" and "The Ladykillers" (Mackendrick again, go on the figure) are classic in this way. "The white suit," on the other hand, is a useless branch that collapses when it should coexist, just like that unfortunate suit.
