- it may contain spoilers ... but believe me, this movie is ruined from start to finish. I entered this movie with great expectations. It was my fault. We've put too much stock in Steve Carell's history so far. 40-year-old Virgin ... Little Miss Sunshine ... The Office. And I made the mistake of coming to IMDb and seeing a 7.5 user rating before going to the movie. It has always been a very good predictor in the past, but something is definitely out of the question lately. The last time I felt this embarrassed and in this pain so much in a movie theater was watching "Blue Steel" in 1990. This blow fumbled from start to finish. The script was a flop. Responding to everyone. "The Crime of Love"? "Love is an ability"? Whoever wrote this stupidity suffered from the same confusion that hit American Beauty writer ... trying waaaaayyyyyy too loud. The whole blow was overthrown by the company's past moments, such as the terrified and controversial shower scene. Or the unnecessary / confused aerobic scene. Or the awful scene of the washer. Even when you think something serious and / or real is going to happen, you are thrown into one of these terrible moments. And it happens again and again. And what is Carell's character? Does the guy meet with some lame at a bookstore and suddenly turn to love in love? Let's face it. Their conversation has suffocated. Both should have said goodbye after a few minutes. Pay special attention to the initial conversation when you have the misfortune to watch this movie .... Carell's character tries to say something that is absolutely random and non-amusing (I think the exact line was "once I was the baby." .. that's serious), but both laugh so much that coffee is about to get rid of them. The actors themselves looked as though they were in pain, wondering why they are being instructed to do what they do. Back to IMDb ... you'll need to find a way to keep the movie promotion team on this site. I know it's impossible, but it's painfully obvious that the first 20 reviews / reviews were posted either by the 12-year-olds or by those who were employed by the studio. Check the Family Stone rating ... if it's the middle 5th, then this must be 2 ... and that's pushing it.
