After watching this movie, I was left with two very angry about this film: why did Chen's character "McGuyver hit man" and Lee's character an incompetent idiot? Knowing Chen's character is that he was raised in an underground orphanage in Cambodia for a bloodthirsty fighter, where he learns to wander him to death like wild dogs. This detail is pushed over time into a taxi scene and when he starts driving, he shows how he is unfamiliar with the seat belt. Right after this scene, he has a similar situation at a dim sum restaurant. Not only is he unseen, but also hungry. This is not a reference to Chen's scandal physics, but to the two early scenes of the film where sinking food, one of which is terraced rice on the floor of the lower deck on an old ship. And in the first ten minutes of the film, Chen finds malnutrition, unmodern, and he's just working for him, his dog-fighting style. In spite of this, Chen manages to shoot every policeman (even maneuvering a bullet from a metal pipe to hit a head of the head who held hostages to Chen's girlfriend) and somehow got a super-human lb block of concrete, plastered at the end of a metal pipe at the head of the police chief, as shot by his boss. Now Lee's character ... well, I understand, he's depressed, he has some luggage, but can he do something good? For a moment, they try to make him cool, composed and ready to take care of the business, and the next moment, he just struck again. The first scene he leads in Chen, and manages to miss it, from about 15 ft, several times. Toward the end of the stage, Lee follows Chen as his close friend and colleague sneaks slowly down his throat with a long knife for a good 5 seconds while holding a gun at Chen's face, a distance of 10 ft. Even at the end of the movie, Lee manages to be stabbed to death and fails once again. And the biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a manner that filmmakers are trying to get the audience to sympathize with Chen's character and that he just "kills to survive." It would be much easier if I did not pursue Chen to kill innocent people in the horror movie. Of the many people he killed, only two people had the intention of trying to kill him, the chief of police and Lee. Others were just eating people, craft owners, taxi drivers, and policemen trying to arrest him, not kill. Generally, Chen's character is a cold-blooded murderer who kills for what he wants, even if it's just a free journey. (Did I say that she was wearing about a hundred dollar bills throughout the movie?) My 3 stars are heading to a part of the exciting director / camera that received some beautiful pictures. Bottomline: One was made for Chen fans who gathered the nuts. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
