I really wanted to see this movie and I waited for months to get it through Blockbuster Total Access. When he appeared in the mailbox, I threw it directly into the DVD player. I was very sadly disappointed, which in my turn upset me. I want to give any film a chance, even if I want to get out of the theater / "stop" press. I watched everything, but I did not get anything but frustration. The act was very, very good, but that was about it. Nothing is explained; While we understand that Mathieu becomes depressed and penetrates into a kind of psychiatry, we never have a perspective on his "fall". While we understand that he and Cedric are breaking up, again, we do not see how it happens or why it happened. During an interview with Mathieu's doctor, Cedric reveals that he cheated them once, but that was not a big deal. I was expecting to see this in flashbacks, but not - nothing. We also get suggestions that Cedric was the one who brought Mat to the hospital - but we do not see him again. I know some movies are a "take it as it is" basis, but this movie honestly ticked me. When Pierre, Cedric's ex, shows up in the club and starts trouble, we do not see them hiding or letting him go, and he took a long time to figure out that Pierre You were the former. His personality at the club and when Mat finds it is totally different. I might even be wrong to say this, it was so confusing. The film awaits you to know everything and to move along with its disjointed rhythm, out of place and confused. I can keep up with movies such as "Pi", "Citizen Kane" and other movies that have flashbacks / flash-forwarduri left and right, but CU has not captured and kept the style. At the end of "Citizen Kane," you know what's going on and discover the answer to the main mysteries. CU let you hang. He has an air of pretense in "we will not tell you something damn you do not realize." It's like reading a book with changed chapters and missing pages. <br /> <br /> Good action, as I said. I liked the characters, but the whole story was too disappointing.
