Sitcom "League of Lords" follows the life of some bizarre inhabitants of the fictitious village "Royston Vasey". Different scenes are linked together by their common setting. In the first series, a sketch shows, the main plot is dealing with a new road that will be built by Royston Vasey. Consequently, many foreigners visit the small town. But Edward and Tubbs, the owners of a "local" store, who is actually far from town, do not like strangers. Whenever a visitor enters his store, he kills him. In my opinion, some scenes are a kind of taste and not at all funny, for example, when the couple absorbs two engineers who want to build the new road. Toby Edward, while Tubbs dances half naked around the victims. Moreover, Pauline lives in Royston Vasey. He works at the local work center. Although Pauline hates those she has to work with, she does not want to lose her job. So when an unemployed person receives an interview as a fireman, he does not allow him to leave because he is not yet ready for this job. Then there is Barbara Dixton, a transsexual taxi driver who goes into great detail about her "sexual conversation". In addition, the veterinarian, Mr. Chinnery, always kills the animals instead of curing them. In one case, he comes to a farm and is headed into the living room, where a dog is in his basket. The farmer goes out. Assuming that the dog is the sick animal, Mr. Chinnery euthanates him. A second later, the farmer opens the door, holding the sick animal "true," a sheep. Several residents are a husband and wife who are visited by their nephew friend is killed by the store owners, by the way). The couple is very orderly. They have, for example, towels in different colors. Each color is a part of the body. In addition, they have thousands of keys, marked with different and precisely classified colors. In my opinion, the actors play very well. Playing in women, scenes become funny. The costumes are also suitable for the actors. Tubbs wears a scarf and some crazy characters, like Edward, have black teeth. The show has a great black humor, typically British. The design of the set reflects the mood of the series. The village and all the houses are gray and broken. There is often a fog around the local store that strengthens the menacing effect. Even the village's sign is threatening: "Welcome to Royston Vasey. You will never leave." Although I think the actors do a good job, this kind of series is not my taste.
