Through my observation "Kool-Aid drinkers," I want to say that they are so enthusiastic about Pavarotti's fans that they are making no attempt to objectively evaluate this film. Offering this to 10 is similar to awarding the Wally Cox Prize to Mr. Universe or placing a Elvis velvet painting in the Louvre! When this movie debuted, I remember the wild reviews with titles such as "No, Giorgio" and some said they were among the worst movies ever made. This is precisely an overvaluation as well. While he was bad and away from a great work of art, he would have liked the movie very much, and the biggest deficiency of the film was not Pavarotti's influence or circumference. Believe it or not, the blame lies only on the writers' shoulders (which, I suppose, were chimps). It's rare to see a movie with a clichéd dialogue or goo-like scenes, such as fighting food, but it's not even the heart of the problem. The problem is that the writers intend that the public take care of a "love story" consisting of a married middle-aged man and an apparently desperate lady. Perhaps the European audience would be more forgiving, but in the United States, in 1982 or today, such a story seems unpleasant and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and that "it's just fun" . Wow, talks about romantic dialogue! Unfortunately, if they just changed the script a little and made Pavarotti a widow or perhaps his wife as a wife from a series of classical Hollywood films like ALL AND THIS, so bad and helpless, you could forgive her husband for an adventure or even a killing). Instead, she is the loving mother of two children who patiently wait in the house, while her egoistic hubby beds right and left - as Pavarotti admits he had a lot of work before Harrold's encounter. Unfortunately, even the superb Pavarotti's music could not save this movie. At the end of the movie, in New York are some amazing scenes where the set is incredible, and Pavarotti singing transcendent. That's why I think the movie is worth at least 3. I really wanted to like the movie more, but it was a really bad movie - though not as rotten as it would have been heard. Unfortunately, from what I read, this movie could be a case of art that imitates life, because Pavarotti's life later had some parallel with this film, although this is not exactly forum to discuss this in detail.
