I have not heard of this movie until I read an article about it on the Unknown Films site, which made me curious. As a cartoonist and illustrator, I am an admirer of Richard Williams' work - I evaluate Ziggy's gift as one of the most beautiful Christmas awards of all time and even though Framed Roger Rabbit stopped being one of my favorite films when I passed the age of sixteen, I still have the highest concern about the amount of work, care and attention paid to the details that led to visual creation - but it seems that man has his mistakes, especially a tendency to overcome the budget and of the program, and this movie is a testament to how far even a super talented individual, such as Williams, is mistaken can go, given the right circumstances. Raggedy Ann and Andy are a strange makeover that tries to be weird and experimental outside the wall within the limits of a cartoon for kids. It's also trying to be a musical. Try to be one thousand and one other things, too - is it a freakout? Is he a soul mind? Is it a step for the innocence of childhood imagination? - until it eventually collapses under its own unlimited ambitions and aspirations. It is beautifully animated, for the most part, though the gentle background might have used a little more attention, but even that does not matter much when you are confronted with the hallucinogenic absurdity that constitutes much of the "action" here. There are a number of problems with the movie, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy himself. They are the stars of the show, but they have no personalities. Actually, we get the message that Andy is a tough guy ("I'm not a toy girl," sing), and Ann has a unique perspective on things because her owner, a little girl called Marcella, wears it upside down but that's all we can find out about these harsh characters, because the overwhelming strangeness of this movie is not long after. I use the word "weird", because some strange movies can be extremely fun, but that's just weird. Toys and puppets in the playroom should be nice and enjoyable, but they are, in fact, bizarre and disturbing. The two puppets that do and say everything in sync are a prime example of this. But even they are relatively normal compared to the pirate captain who constantly sneezes, whose muscles become erect and whose lining is visibly blurring when he deprives for the first time a bright French doll. Yes, it should be a movie for kids! Then there is music, none of them memorable and all are played by actors who can not sing. And to add insult to the wound, there is a lot of singing in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally end up in the gaming room, the first thing I do is play a big number in the forest about how scared they are, how they will always get together and ... yes, we get the message . This seems to work forever, but at least brings back to the film a form of normality. But not for a long time, because Camel with wrinkled knees leads us into a bizarre world, where everything seems to be made of worn and faded denim and - quite badly that he is clearly a paranoid schizophrenic - he starts to also hallucinatory. But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. The fool, a life, breathes. laughter, constantly eating in the pool, is so strange, creepy and, ultimately, disturbing, you will not believe what you see - it's just as close to the drug-free psychedelic experience that I've ever seen in movie. Then, after a period of time with Greedy, Sir Leonard Looney and his director KooKoo, whose throne resembles a urinal, comes along. I can not believe I write a description of a real movie in a capsule - I just had to rub my eyes and remember that I was not blogging about a nightmare overwhelmed by the nightmare I had. Part of the Looney Land sequence resembles one of Winsor McCay / Little Nemo's old cartoons, because there is no good reason other than someone felt likely to do it. All this would be good if there was a rhyme or reason behind it, but it does not exist. These scenes are just strange and very, very long. Surrealism only works when there is a strong idea behind it, or there is a certain appearance of reality. But nothing in these scenes is heading for any kind of reality. Remove this item and you are left with pure self-indulgence. As the final scenes are unleashed, even the animation seems less impressive (the pirate ship, detailed in detail, strange on the water in a manner that suggests some of those that disappeared during production) and there is no an end event that simply suggests that the money has gone out. Even for a long time of 86 minutes, the film feels like an endless attempt and it is understandable why it has flopped on the original version. Animation animation people will scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to do so so spectacularly, but he did it and there is nothing that anyone can do.
