SHALLOW GRAVE starts with a tribute or rupture of the shower scene in PSYCHO. (Tilting me to break.) Then it worsens and then multiplies surprisingly, almost to be original. The evil direction and amateur directories create a fairly interesting story, but the film already exceeds many in the genre "Yankee goes down south to be killed by a bunch of rednecks" because it's actually shot in the south. <br /> <br /> A group of college girls head for Ft. Lauderdale for the summer break and are in Georgia with a flat tire after leaving the main road. (Note for Yankees: stay on the highway when you go to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) has to touch so she goes to the woods. When she finally finds a good place to do her business, she witnesses to the local sheriff (Tony March), who squeaks her mistress (Merry Rozelle) to death. (Note to Yankees: Do not walk in the woods when you are in the south, not because you can witness a murder, but you can pass a marijuana plant.) This is where the story, not the movie, is is actually approaching to be good. While Tony March will never have to practice Oscar's speech, his dean Sheriff becomes a ghastly facsimile of a guy who is usually torn apart by what he has done and what he has to do. Tom Law is pleasing to Scott's deputy and a South Deputy is just as authentic as I saw from Walton Goggins (Deputy Steve Naish) in the house of 1000 corsets. Several scenes in the film are worth mentioning. The girls stop at a BBQ in South Carolina and show their racism when a big black guy checks it. Sue Ellen enters a barn to hide behind hay bales, and in a shockingly realistic moment a big snake hides herself in the hay. And in the weirdest scene, Sheriff Dean says she's about to rape Patty (Carol Cadby) and tells her to take off her clothes. Dean turned the radio up to mock the noise of what to do. The radio preacher must return and read the Bible. His sermon refers to how Jezebel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm sorry for this preacher's flock. Jezebel was in the Old Testament some thousands of years before the birth of Christ, and in no case is one of the five men you will meet in Heaven.
