From viewing only the trailer to Theodore Rex, you would think this is a cop-comedic comedy with Whoopi Goldberg and a guy in a dinosaur costume. That's true, but this is largely a futuristic story that looks a lot like Batman Forever with the style of direction and strange character's design. It was unsuccessful and should have been marketed as a futuristic story instead of being a comedy full of trees. Whether or not this movie is incorrect, it's still a horrible movie. In the future, the dinosaurs were brought back to life by stunning technology, talking and walking around people. Teddy is a dinosaur detective who is never taken seriously, but after a dinosaur is killed, he has the role of working, but he has to be the partner of the toughest policeman of all, Katie Coltrane (Whoopi Goldberg). It's up to this inappropriate duo to solve the crime, and the public has to stay awake long enough to get through this cruel piece. Teddy begins the image as a character who acts normally, but in the end it's unbearable to listen. For some reasons, along with being a detective, he is also a bad comic and a bad impersonator. He imitates famous people and accents and has some really terrible lines. Whoopi blames him for furting and says, "It's not my trumpet!" Wow! What a puerry line, immature, even for a child of this caliber. Whoopi is also annoying and rude to everyone. I was hoping Teddy would bite her head along the length of the movie. This movie never knew what it wanted to be. When there are futuristic scenes and actions, there is no comedy or humor. In any non-action scene, the characters try to be as fun as I can, which only results in boredome with the uninterrupted face. The action scenarios do not work because they are too strange and not quite violent and, as I said earlier, the comedy is just a bunch of masked jokes. Nothing ever works here. Having a dynamic / human detective duo seems a pretty original film, if not something else. Nope! This movie is a huge blow to Who Roger Rabbit. Just replace the dinosaurs with cartoons and put them in the future and it's exactly the same plot. A man is killed, a dinosaur is killed. A dinosaur and a detective solves the crime, a toon and a detective solve the crime. The bad guys in Roger Rabbit are Christopher Lloyd and weasels. The bad boys here are a guy who sounds like Christopher Lloyd and boys who behave like weasels. The scene of the Roger Rabbit club, where Jessica Rabbit descends on stage, is imitated with dinosaurs. This is a huge rip-off of a much better movie! Generally, this is a bad movie, not even worth directing to VHS status. My rating: 1/2 of ****. 90 minutes. PG for mild violence, tongue and raw humor.
