However, once again, one of the worst Goddesses of my country was overthrown by "Westerners" who can not understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in its dark forms. Mom catches the terrible shape of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and to terrorize our ego. And although the blood sacrifice is given to Kali and Durga, the events described in this film are just absurd. The mother takes an angry form to be anger for our demons, limitations and internal ego, when no other form will be enough. She is also in her infuriated form that she burns all your Karmas in the "Smashan" shots you cultivate in your heart so she can dance if you love her and she will bring you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side, as well as a light that serves a purpose. Mother is the embodiment of the physical universe, and it is also Nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You can not have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali is the force of destruction for the purpose of a new growth and worldly and spiritual life in the universe. It is very scandalous that people who know nothing about India or divinity can only take one of our beloved deities and use it as a cheap prostitute to make a horror movie with low budget, without talent. How dare I take my beloved mother and portray it as a horror that makes people cut their eyelids! It is only horrible for those who are attached to their ego and who live in deception, greed, anger, and other inner demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this film must have a very serious ego of self-deception and serious interior demons to see Kali so horrible and terrible. When the ego escapes, it becomes a beautiful, beautiful and young form, a beauty so delightful to see that she enchants the whole Universe with her. Kali Maa is an old mother, of whom we must not be ostentatious for the sake of entertainment, let alone hope that in her compassion and endless mercy she does not assume the shape of those involved in this film. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The audacity that Westerners use in using religions like my mines or Caribbean religions such as Santeria and Vodou who are actually very positive and other such religions to twist and exaggerate misunderstood elements which the Western mind can not understand is totally ridiculous. It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe when it comes to such movements. Kali Maa is in fact a gentle and compassionate mother, whom we pour into her beautiful legs in devotion and love for. And I am happy that my mother takes a form sometimes driven to protect her devotion from herself and outside forces. A lot of praise to REAL Kali Maa, who showed MAI the way of God and accomplishment.
