I looked right after I saw HILLSIDE CANNIBALS, so whatever was an improvement. In addition, I stop comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 days later and continuing it. Unfortunately, the more I saw, the more I realized how well the original of Danny Boyle was made and how much this movie influenced 28 YEARS LATER You can not see how much this franchise had this type of Italian horror movie. I was totally convinced that ZOMBI 3 must have been made at the latest in 1980 or 1981 - In that case I would have called the summary 28 years later (Geddit?) - but it was not until I came to this page to find that it was released in 1988. All production values ​​scream that it is a low budget scandal in the early nineties. I may enjoy this film as a fifteen-year-old school in 1982 as if it were my colleagues, but not now. Much of the problem involves a lack of internal continuity. For example, some of the zombies mingle with a snail's rhythm, while others can run very fast and possess self-awareness, leading to a ridiculous scene involving a DJ. Also, some may be killed by a blow in front, while others remain alive, even if they have cut their heads, wait until you see the fridge scene, you might just die to laugh. Even serious characters suffer from this sort of controversial scenario where a character suddenly reveals that he is a helicopter pilot who leads me to wonder why the army had hired him to drive jeeps for a career. Obviously, I recalled the previous CRAZIILE movie, which also reminded me of the 28 subsequent films. A lot of terrorists get into the scientific base that leads to all sorts of disasters, and the soldiers are the bad guys trying to kill both the infected and the survivors, and long before you realized that virtually everyone dies. The problem with this is that you will be immediately attentive to how the British franchise has done much better on a larger budget. Not only that, but the 28-year franchise will appeal to a public of thought that might have a low interest in the medium horror film. ZOMBI 3 will appeal to no one but to a tough audience
