Title: Zombie 3 (1988) Producer: Lucio Fulci, Claudio Fragasso and Bruno Mattei, Ottaviano DellAcqua, Massimo Vani, Beatrice Ring, Deran Serafin Review: <br /> <br /> this movement and to get a good background from it, I have to start from the beginning. And the beginning of this is really George Romeros the Dawn of the Dead. When Dawn came out in 79, Lucio Fulci decided to make an indirect sequel to him and call it Zombie 2. This is the one we know as Zombie. You know the zombie fighting the shark! So, after the flick (called Zombie 2 in Italy) came out and made a big piece of money, the Italians decided, heck. Let's make more zombie movies! These things are made in dough! This is how Zombie 3 was born. Still confused? The story about this is really just a review of the stories I've seen in many American zombie films that I've seen before, the best comparison that comes to mind is Return of the Living Dead. Let's see ... the government is experimenting with a certain toxic gas that will turn people into zombies. Canister gets released into the general population and shebang! We have a lot of zombies that want their human body. A bunch of people are starting to run away from the zombies and end up in an old abandoned hotel. They have to fight with zombies to survive. There were a lot of problems during the filming of this movie. First of all, Lucio Fulci, the beloved godfather of the gorilla in Italy, was ill. So he could not complete this movie the way he wanted. The film was then handed over to the two smaller directors, Bruno Mattei (Hell of the Living Dead) and Claudio Fragasso (Zombie 4). They did everything in their power to refresh a movie that was not good. See that Fulci himself has no heart and soul in this movement. He was disappointed with this. He let go to the producers and, in essence, said, "Do what the hell you want with this!" And God loves them, they did it. And that's why, ladies and gentlemen, we have such a bad zombie movie, with the big Fulci credited as his "director." The main problem, in my opinion, is that such a futility! There is no substance for that! After the first few minutes when some terrorists steal the toxic gas and release it accidentally, the rest of the film is just a bunch of bare, soulless characters without any personality driven by zombies. Now in some cases, this can prove to be fun if # 1 is done zombie and zombie action is actually good and fun and # 2 there is a lot of gore and courage involved. ! Well, there are some inspirational moments, like, for example, when some eagles are infected by gas and are starting to attack people. That was cool. There is also a scene that involves a flying zombie head (which, by the way all the logic and explanation defies), and a scene with zombies coming out of the abandoned hotel swimming pool and munching off the feet of the poor girls. But besides that ... the rest of the movie crashes just on his ass. Infinite on endless scenes that do not make a jack to move the already non-existent plot. That was my main concern with this move. The sets look unfinished, and the art direction is virtually nonexistent. I hate when everything seems so unfinished! I like movies b, but that even went even down! Closer to a z-level move, if you ask me. Zombie composes? Pure crack. Zombies are all Asian actors (the movie was filmed in the Philippines) to get a bunch of Asian zombies. But that's not a big deal because the film was set up anyway in the Phillipine Islands. It's the look of the zombies that really sucks! They all died with the same clothes for some reason. And what goes on for the zombie to do here is a bunch of black makeup (more like smudges) on their faces. One or two zombies had a slightly more complex composition, but it was still not good enough to impress. Just a bunch of goo spilled out of the actors' faces. So not only does this move slowly, but the zombies look like shit. They should be dead! Anyway, for those who are expecting the usual coolness in a blow from Fulci, they do not expect here, because this is the biggest part of someone else's movie. And the two involved (Mattei and Fragasso) did not really put hearts and souls in it. In fact, when you see the excerpt from the DVD, you will see that when Fragasso is asked about his memories and the feelings he has made here, he does not even take it seriously. You can tell him that he is ashamed and, on many occasions, he says "they just had to do a job and they did it." And my friends, is the last nail in this movie. There is no love and no heart made to make this movie. That's why you'll get a scrawled zombie blow. Only for the most complete or for those who want to have or see every zombie movie ever made. All the others, do not even worry! Rating: 1 out of 5
