In 1979, Lucio Fulci launched his film Zombie. However, due to the earlier importation of Dawn of the Dead, which passed through that name for his Italian release, George Romero, was renamed to Zombi 2 (which he also had the bonus to let the audience believe that this was a sequel to the second Romero film). Continuing this theme, the second Zombie movie, which would have been called Zombie 2, was then named Zombi 3. In the UK, the original Zombi movie (Zombi 2) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters" . To continue this, the second Zombie movie (Zombi 3) ​​was then titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for his release in the UK. (Are you following all this?) So if the Zombie Eaters were Dawn Fully's Dawn, then is the Day of Death? While this is just an easy observation, this story of military compounds, helicopters and a plodding narrative certainly does not bear a vague thematic similarity. <br /> <br /> Some of Fulci's European direction binds to a movie like this, but acting, doubles and heavy writings at the exhibition are absolutely terrible. His ecological message is so forceful and exaggerated that it can no longer be considered a subtext, while there is an (unintentionally) hilarious homage to birds. Combining this last element with MOR 80 rock is not a good idea. For some reason, I could not stop thinking about Water Time (q.v.), all the time when I was looking at it. This is obviously not a good thing. <br /> <br /> While there's nothing here to rival topless scuba-diving, zombies shark fights and eyeballs on a chill, Fulci's misogynistic inclinations get a mouth-watering job with a hotel vacuum cleaner being glowing in she mirrored until the blood was spilled. His fnanist predilections also see a break of his hand. Both themes are combined when faced with a woman being stolen, primarily by a zombie, then a zombie fetus that plucks a pregnant woman's stomach. <br /> <br /> Wise production, this is obviously a step from Zombi, five years later. (Nine years in terms of global launch). But without his original charm, he fights, while Stefano Mainetti's music is inappropriate and uninspired. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things about the '79 film. Here the zombie attacks are played at what sounds uncomfortable as Bonnie Tyler "Holding Out for a Hero". In the midst of this carnage we get an affectionate love affair, and Roger and Kenny, two types of inexpressive macho that do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly obvious state. ("We do not have ammunition" for an embarrassing weapon is a special aspect). But if it falls, it is also in the zombies themselves. Low or not, Fulci's original had truly magnificent zombies, rotting. Skull faces, worms in the eye sockets ... were really something to look at. Instead, this dull pursuit opts for the traditional "men with a bit of paint on the face" option. <br /> <br /> The culminating point rips off too many Romero movies to be even funny, while the use of DJ is a crash and cheap narrative device. Not containing the same elements of indignation and free nudity of the first, it is unlikely that there will be the same cult appeal. It seems that Fulci actually left the project after he only directed fifteen minutes, the rest being filmed by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure that Fulci wanted to stop at the ridiculous scene of the "flying zombie head," so the director's credit for having the good sense to leave. Unfortunately, however, his name is above the title of the movie on the versions, so most people will still have the impression that this is a Fulci movie through and through. On that scale, then it is a big hurdle for him, because this film does what you imagine Fulci would consider the most serious crime on the part of everyone: that of being boring.
