This movie was recently released on DVD in the United States and I finally managed to see this hard-to-find gem. It even came with original theatrical predictions of other classics of Italian horror such as "SPASMO" and "BEYOND THE DARKNESS". Unfortunately, previews were the best thing about this movie. "ZOMBI 3" in a bizarre way is actually linked to the infamous "ZOMBIE" franchise of Lucio Fulci, which began in 1979. Similarly to "ZOMBIE", "ZOMBI 3" consists of an anger-filled plot and a handful of extremely wicked actors who keep this garbage "terrible" barely on the waterline. The gore is almost nonexistent (unless one is frightened of people walking green with their muscles) and English dubbing is a badge inferior to the embarrassment. This land involves a kind of military undercover operation with a bunch of ineffective scientists (for example, an idiotic man and a bad female blow) that develops a kind of chemical called "Death One," which should to resurrect the dead. Unless my ears have to be checked, I do not even remember a REASON for "Death One" research. Apparently there is only to do harm to the poor souls who have made the mistake of choosing to sit in this cinematic video of laughter. Anyway, "Death One" is experimented on a corpse Jur they looked like Yul Brynner), and after being injected into his system, he stands and his head explodes! The sound effects are also quite hilarious - as the pockets of the green pockets, the "crushing of the paper" sounds. Toxin "Death One" is transported outdoors and is "mutilated" by a group of thieves, if it does with it, but it gets infected after cutting into an exposed bottle. , the guy turns into a zombie, but not before he escapes in a cheap motel in time, infects a poor porter and kills a maid, pushing her into a bathroom mirror (!). The military hunt captures this and takes action immediately before "eliminating" all those who are unlucky to be in the "contamination area" and turning the motel upside down. They find the infected thief and burn their body just to smoke to infect a herd of birds flying over the chimney basket (!). I cut off at the introduction of a group of men who are on leave from the army, listening to the groovy music coming out of a small boom-box knife while pulling a slutty girl trailer load that leans out of the windows and shows her chest. Can anyone say "zombie food"? We also have a sub-parcel that involves a girl and her boyfriend driving a car that stops to inspect a group of birds on the road ... the same birds that have been infected with "zombie" smoke! <br /> <br /> Birds attack the friend and the girl goes to a desolate gas station to search for water. This is one of the incredibly hilarious moments of the film. She walks around this old dirty, rusty and obviously abandoned building, where she continues to ask out loud: "HERE IS HERE HERE, PLEASE WANT A WATER!" She encounters a group of zombies, one of which is linked to a wall (!), And the other is bent by a machete. After a little rumble and tumbling around to the ground, she escapes, but not before blowing the gas station with her lighter. Meanwhile, birds attack trailer-pregnancy pregnancy and a girl becomes tickled and infected. They all get to the same motel where the initial infection took place, and here is the second most hilarious moment of the movie. After an hour of hours (at most one day), the same motel is now cracked in dust, it has ever-increasing vineyards and seems to have stayed away for years. Anyway, what better place to escape than this particular building? Needless to say, the group is starting to break up because more people are going together to get caught in an incredibly stupid situation involving a zombie attack. The third most hilarious moment refers to a man and woman exploring a deserted village about which the woman commented: "This place is a dump!" Then he continues to "push" himself from a balcony with a zombie in water infested with pirahna (?) Where his legs are bitten and turns into a zombie in seconds! Meanwhile, her boyfriend back to the motel who murmured and infected HOURS earlier is still TURNING in a zombie! Unfortunately, there are too many inconsistencies in this movie that makes this movie just too bad for words. For example, the time rate for infected people being "zombie" differs a lot. Sometimes it takes a few seconds, sometimes it takes several hours. Some zombies run, others pull their legs and go really slowly. Some even make kung-fu moves, while others hide under stacks of hay to surprise people. Some of the zombies are even talking! The funniest moment is, of course, the infamous "zombie head in the fridge", which "rises" in the middle of the air and "attacks" a stupid man who goes to look for food. Fortunately, his girlfriend takes his neck torn by the "headless" counterpart (LMAO!). The greatest disappointment for me, however, was the lack of story lines involving people who are actually killed by zombies. We never see them come back as zombies, in fact the only ones we see as "zombies" are those injured by birds and a single girl who swallows their legs. Besides, I expected at least the couple who was killed in the kitchen and / or the guy who was killed on the bridge to return as a zombie. It's also amazing that these zombies take only a few "bites" and then move to the next victim. <br /> <br /> The most ridiculous moment was, of course, the zombie fetus. A pregnant woman who was infected is on a bed in a hospital. A woman who seems to have a lot of "medical knowledge" tries to take her baby (!) And has a face unclothed by a zombie before her head is pushed into the woman's stomach where a hand bursts and continues to tear the rest of her face its. Require! As usual, all characters are perfect stereotypes of this genre. The megalomaniac military officer, the pitiful women who do not miss the pathetic who screams to be killed, the obvious characters who are ABUS to kill (that is, to follow the man watching a chicken!) I think this movie is really a comedy. There were many ridiculous scenes, such as the shed that was thrown with a hand grenade (obviously the scene where the entire budget was spent) and a climatic scene in which a man shouts: "I am THIRSTY .... THIRSTY FOR YOUR BLOOD!". The costumes are very bad - the same zombies reappeared throughout the movie, wearing the same Asian-like clothing found in a Bruce Lee movie and taking care of the 60's blue skirt, over the motel is wearing when she and her boyfriend they collided with the infected man. The end of the film leaves the door open as usual for the apocalyptic story line. A radio DJ who recounts throughout the movie turns out to be a zombie himself and warns his listeners about the "beginning of the end" while the two survivors take off on a helicopter. Only the "DAWN OF THE DEAD" material if you ask me. Undoubtedly, this film does not make much laugh. Gore is minimal, and what is there is very unconvincing, let alone imaginary. The usual mix of black blood, a thick green goo that drains from wounds wounds and a "zombie makeup" consisting of green muscles. "ZOMBI 3" makes for a good rental for a sleeping party or a night of beer and popcorn. Besides, horror fans should stay away. <br /> <br /> 3 of 10
