Zombie Review # 3 <br /> <br /> ** Spoilers ** <br /> <br /> Some movies are actually "so bad they are good," and Zombi 3 is not just bad, it's miserable, unforgivably bad in many ways that a whole new language might be needed just to describe them all. More than that, it's a film credited to Lucio Fulci that even by his standards has no coherence, meaning or reason. However, we can not blame Fulci because he was not even directed by him, but by Bruno Mattei, who has no sense of Fulci's style to help make the film. Matte seems to have brought a little to the movie, but to lose her ineptitude. So I'm ashamed to tell you how much I loved every minute worthless of Zombies 3. It does not have redeeming features - in a genre known for thin characters, the poor story and the lack of understanding of the movie, Zombi 3 push the boat out, but this is even more fun than Nightmare City. "Action" begins when "Death 1" gas is stolen from a military base and is damaged in escape. Who is the thief, why did he steal it, and why the American army believed that the creation of the cannibalism legions of the living dead would be a good idea? All these questions and others will not respond to Zombies 3. After hiding at a hotel, the infected thief is annoyed from all the green plaster that grows on his face before being watched by the army that decides somewhat badly the best way to -and throw the corpse will be to burn it, sending "Death 1" into the atmosphere, resulting ... zombie birds! Who then attacks people and turns them into zombie people! (if the zombies are cannibals, why do zombie birds not only attack other birds?) Then we meet our "heroes", a trio of excited GI and a lot of girls. There are other guys with them, but they are not important - NOT important here. You will find it difficult to remember someone, not to mention your name, to find a reason to take care of them. They end up hiding in the same hotel as thieves ("a week ago, this place was cursed for life, now it's buzzing with flies!") But there is no escape from the undead. point, or you will be completely sucked or you will be overthrown this thing. The script is so awful, even the biggest actress in the world has not been able to save her, so it's as good as having some of the worst - and not just the human characters, the zombie acting here is a low all- time. There is no consistency in the way the zombies behave - some mix in the style of honored time, others engage fully in fist fights or load around layouts, not to mention the zombies that are still able to talk (a gimmick that gives the film is HORRIFYING TWIST ENDING). They die from shots to the chest (rather than the head) and even be knocked down by a good left hook. How can you give a zombie ??? !!!!! In fact, the emphasis on the wrong action of the 1980s often makes it look like an episode of V ... The zombies also spend a lot of time hiding, waiting for hours in ridiculous places on the chance of some poor saps will pass and will fear the lives of them. They hide in bushes, garages, huts, rooftops, water, and even pregnant women. At one point, a zombie follows a woman on the stairs. To kill her and eat her? Not! To push her into the water, those zombies and their humorous feeling! There are plenty of gore. Members are hacked, pus pushes green pus, and there are many in the way of eating meat and getting people getting their faces in. There is nothing to match the original eye piercing, but if the bad effects make up your bag will not be left down. All this, and I have not even mentioned horrible music, the zombie head flying inexplicably, the scientist whose act actually manages to stand out as being very bad, or the final funnel ... in an ingenious twist on the radio original that has been overcome by zombies, Zombi 3 gives us a real zombie DJ! "He went to their side!" the cry of the hero who escaped, before promising to continue fighting the strike, into a continuation that never came. <br /> <br /> Zombie 3 is garbage - it would not be a waste for the world if every print was destroyed the records of its existence are wiped out but somehow I feel that my life is richer because I have seen it. Did I say richer? We were talking about 88 minutes shorter ...
