Zombi 3 begins as a group of powerful armed men to steal an experimental chemical developed to reanimate the dead, while trying to escape, the man is shot to the metal container holding the broken chemical. Man receives some of the green chemical on a wound on his hand, which soon turns him into a cannibal-eating flesh. In a few hours, the surrounding area is crawling with the East Bank, where Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his army friends find themselves in great trouble as they stop helping Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her girlfriend Lia Deborah Bergammi) who was pecked by zombie birds (!). General Morton deals with the situation and has to stop the zombie plague all over the world! But he and his men will succeed? This Italian-produced film was to be directed by Lucio Fulci, the Italian gore zombie actor, but the story goes he suffered a stroke and therefore could not finish the film so producer Franco Gaudenzi asked the second director of Bruno Mattei and writer Claudio Fragasso to penetrate and complement the film. It looks like Mattei & Fragasso did more than finish, in fact, they neglected a multitude of Fulci movies and added a lot of their own, and Zombies 3 almost came as a 50/50 division. The Fragasso scenario is an absolute mess, none of which is well thought out and as bad as it happens. The scenes of zombie birds that attack humans are not only technically ineffective, but the whole idea is absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge and the zombies are slow as they mix, but then look at the scene earlier, where she was attacked by the zombie with because it runs around as if it were on steroids, then for no reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the film ends the zombies, suddenly develop the ability to speak, which also looks dizzy. There are so many things wrong with Zombie 3, the scene after the unlucky action scene and the unprecedented direction, a horrible character and a very close English dialogue that does not make sense half the time. Then there is an embarrassing scene in which the frozen zombie head suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite the throat, the scene in which the guy is in a state of white contamination ends to kill Kenny & Roger, but in instead of using the automatic rifles they decide to try and kill them even when Kenny raises a gun he refuses to use his rifles and when Kenny starts shooting all that refuses to use his rifles and is one of the most inefficient scenes ever shot in the movie and then it's the end of Kenny's helicopter but he can not rest on the ground for a few seconds to pick up his buddy and then a blast of zombies suddenly burst from grass, what? Since when did the zombies have hidden themselves under the piles of grass? All this can sound "fun," but believe me it's not, it's a very bad movie that's just boring, repetitive, and just does not work at all levels like a play, except for a few unintentional laughs. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know who was responsible for what exactly, but none of the pictures is very well shot. It has a lifeless feeling and for some reason makers have tried to bathe every scene in the fog, the problem is that they clearly have only a fog machine and you can see that in a corner of the screen the fog is considerably thicker that comes straight out of the car and dries while dispersing on the stage. Since a lot is set during the day, it does not add any kind of atmosphere and when they do it correctly and the fog is uniformly spread on the screen, it seems they shot the scene on a foggy day! Direction is weak, unconscious, and just looks and feels at the bottom of the box. Even the blood and the gore are not too much, there is a red hand that separates from the beginning, a scene when something comes out of the stomach of a pregnant woman, a woman without legs (what actually took her feet in the pool, why did not take the legs of the guy who jumped in to save him?) and some zombies looking OK are just as bad as they do. For anyone who hopes to see a fest gore, such as Fulci regularly served in the late '70s and early' 80s, it will be very disappointed, there is no decent feeding scene, no bowels, no "heads" few gore at all. Technically, the film is weak, the special effects are cheap, the cinema is boring, the music is terrible, the locations are mild and has lower production values. This was actually shot in the Philippines to keep the cost to a minimum. The whole movie is obviously dubious, the act seems terrible, yet the English version seems to have been written by someone who does not understand the language well. <br /> <br /> Zombie 3 is not a sequel to Fulci's classic zombie gore fest Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with all but the cash-in title. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is an amateur game of a movie, it's boring, it does not make any sense, it's not fun enough to be fun and it lacks a decent gore. One to avoid.
