When I had the opportunity to watch Zombie 3 (Zombie Flesheaters 2 in Europe) on a 2 Japanese import region, I was amazed at how fun this epic zombie is. The transfer is just about immaculate, as good as ever that should look, unless Anchor Bay gets a grab of it. Gore really stands out as you should and you can really appreciate the excellent makeup and gore fx. The sound is also terrific.It's just 2 dolby channel, but if you have a receiver with Dolby Prologic 2, you can really appreciate the music gross (in fact, a very good score) and effective, though cheap, effects. It never sounds so good and the excellent transfer adds to the overall joy. <br /> <br /> I've never realized how much blood flow is taking place in this movie, it's extremely brutal with head bursts, exploding mega puffy puffs, a zombies neck gripper, a woman burned out the extremities (why did not burn the guy), intestinal food, zombie kids and much more lost track. This is undoubtedly for hardcore fans of zombie action, especially the Italian type. There are some excellent set and cinema tracks to be found, I think people do not give it enough credit, if you see a clean print and not a horrible copy of the pirate, it is a whole experience in full. This movie never leaves for a second and I realize it is inconsistent in the parallel plane, doubling is horrible, the action is rigid, and the feeling of irrevocability is celebrated in great fashion, but that is part of its charm. For me, this is one of the best horror films ever made, you can not make this bad movie, so good, deliberately. He is an accidental genius of the highest order. If they played it for laugh, it would have been a mess, but they played like an arrow and the result is an extraordinary classical cult, nose to all the traditional film standards. <br /> <br /> Tons of action sequences, exotic locations, excellent design, good, sometimes heavy at cinema, a wonderful action of cheese, and an inconsistent but still interesting plot, great makeup effects, beautiful women who can hit the ass, excellent music and sometimes hilarious, sometimes creepy, but always fun. has everything, a classic cult that is the test of time.
