Where should I begin? I wanted to enjoy this movie and I did it. Still, I wanted to enjoy the fact that I was another zombie movie worth the booty, and it was not. This was another kind of pleasure. This was unhealthy, a perverse joy that I attended watching one of the most ridiculous films I have ever seen. And I do not care too much about Fulci's excuses, there's no excuse for this movie how it works. This was a bad movie all the time, yet I still can not give him less than 4 out of ten, which I gave her because ... at least I managed to laugh at this outcome of a movie. I imagined that these zombies, which were over the ceilings of these buildings everywhere ... had to imagine that they were so bored as the hell, so they dragged their feet, and the erections of stone or saw a lively live band that lived around, so they took it themselves to make numerous ambushed antennas. Hell, what else do you have to do when you're dead? I had to laugh at some zombies who did what seemed to be martial arts swings, blows and jumps, and some stuttering like traditional meat. I cast my eyes on a floating head that was never explained. I watched with horrible pure joy that the land in which they were, the Philippians, was completely swallowed by fog, heavy fog doses, and that the ponds were as if the ditches of the castle were blossoming. I had to change my mind when I saw that the drawing for a cure for this plague was sketched on a sheet like an octagon with lines stretching from each angle with "Dead One" written in the middle. I had to ask ... if the science of healing the zombies is so easy, then I wonder if I can come up with a little something to start a zombie outbreak here! All in all the effects were overboard, horrible dubbing, Im sure the original acted as poor, the absurd story, the inconsistent zombies, even in a bad way, all this would have been similar, and the ugly women, but I'm woke up enjoying this. It was a fun watch. It turned out to be a very bad movie, and I would recommend it only if someone is in bad movie exploits, but still, I say again ... worth a good laugh. I like zombie movies no matter what, but when Fulci's name was attached to him, he should have been a lot better. Let me dare say, Zombie Holocaust was better.
