Although the probability that someone who focuses on this comment among the other 80+ for this movie is small, I feel like I have to say something about it. I am not a kind of film observer paying particular attention to production value, thought-provoking dialogue or a brilliant action and direction. However, I claim that this movie is shit. I do not know why I do not like ... I mean, he has almost anything I want from a horror movie: blood, scandal, unintentional humor, etc. According to this evidence, it should be my favorite. However, Zombi 3 is a baaad film. There are too many things that make you shout at the screen. Like when the girl leaves the army when the car breaks down to find water (this does not destroy anything, so do not worry). Get into what I see as an abandoned hotel or something like that. Did he not see that there was a lake in the middle of the building ??? Yeah, she's looking for water and it's going through a lake. Why? Cuz wants to know why people (who are not there with their abandoned place) will not answer her when she calls them, "Is there anyone there?" Oh, this is just a small, insignificant part of the big picture I paint. There is a reason, however, why I gave this movie more than 1 star. It's one of those movies where, if you forget how bad it really is, as I have several times, you'll want to watch it again, because it's just so everywhere in the top in every aspect. I said blood in the first paragraph, but this movie has no blood, it has a gore ocean. It also has strange creatures in it: a zombie-child (with an adult hand) and a magic flight head that only name two. Do you know when you try to think about the worst and most frightening films ever made and to come up with the films of 50 SF movies? I think Zombie 3 and movies like this should replace them. It has all the elements: the scientists who were arguing with the government, the warnings about radio apocalypse, the armies fighting the monsters, and so on. This is the 9th plan of the '80s! While I will not say it is a waste of money if you want to buy it, you expect the worst thing. And when you find out that the worst thing is to underestimate Zombies 3, it will not be so bad. You might actually like it, do not say it's impossible. You do not think I hate this movie, not ... really. Oh, P.S. Killing Birds (aka Zombie 5) rules! (have I made my credibility?)
