I am a fan of Lucio Fulci, but I have to say that "Zombi 3" (1988), along with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was a great disappointment. Especially compared to his great predecessor, Fully's own Gore classic "Zombi 2" (1979), is very disappointing. Of course, the 4.5 low rating already suggests that it is not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from people who are not in Italian zombie movies and as a fan of the enthusiasm of Italian horror films and low budget Exploitation cinema , many movies that have been rewarded with much lower ratings. Also, many of my horror colleagues in Italy Horror seem to think of this movie as undervalued, which, unfortunately, can not agree. Not that the movie was a complete disaster. It has some redeeming qualities, above all Fulci's effects, which make them hurt, which is always a pleasure to look at an Italian horror / gore boy. The basic idea behind the film is also not bad (anyway, it is far from original) and I liked the ruthless image of the military. Unfortunately, it's about that. While the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was extremely upsetting, but beyond that, even creepy, this is not frightening or scary for a minute, and the wrong and often grotesque gorons are the only real reason to watch "Zombies 3 ". The movie is sometimes fun to watch, but only for gore and an unintentional comedy. I think it was primarily the gore that came from Fulci and the disappointing rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which was involved in a bunch of loved cult blows (such as the "Holocaust Porn" in D'Amato) and the second is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made, "Terra 2". Generally, this is certainly visible for the gore, but of all the Fully movies I have seen so far is certainly the worst and I have seen most of this repertoire of the great director. I'm a fan of Fulci and I will always be, but surely not his magical moment. It may be fun for gore, but I recommend you watch any other Fulky movie before that!
