In addition to movies from the 70's and 80's of the 19th century, those about walking were probably the second popular horror sub-genre. While the movies with songs had "Black Christmas" and "Halloween" to make everything moving, the zombie films had the "Dead" movies by George Romero. And surprisingly, shortly after the success of the first two series, other directors wanted to pay money. Many Italian directors were particularly interested, such as Lucio Fulci, who brought us "Zombie" a year after "The Dawn of the Dead", known as "Zombies" in Italy and other countries, and Fulci's film known as "Zombies 2". Besides death, it has nothing to do with Romero's film, but it's a good movie in itself. It was a great success in Europe and 9 years later a sequel was born. <br /> <br /> Pro: Lots of beautiful, lush landscapes. Great score. The act is not really good, but the play is play and seems to enjoy the experience. After a sort of slow start, rhythm moves over time, like action action. A multitude of cheeses and unintentional hilarity for bad movie lovers. Good work in terms of makeup effects. A lot of blood and a decent gore. <br /> <br /> Cons: practically less plot. Nothing you've ever seen before. Naturally, some things are breaking off from the first two films "The Return of the Living Dead". Characters. He did not get too old because of rock music in the 1980s (not that all the rock music of that period is bad), the overall dress and overall sense of the film. Final Thoughts: First of all, this is not a true continuation of Fulci's classic cult. In fact, I do not know if I should ever have taken his place where the movie stopped. For those who do not know, Fulci was ill during production and finished leaving and was replaced by Bruno Mattei. Matthew's films are ridiculous, but, as in this film, many of them are fun of the camp. And that's all that this movie is, it's just something to watch for fun. My Rating: 3.5 / 5 (Rating is So Bad) 2/5 (Serious Assessment)
