I've seen this movie twice and I have to say I liked both times. It's fast pace and fun, but ultimately daft. After saying that it deserves to be traced because of defeat what might have been a good follow up of the semen. It is obvious to those who have seen the terrible "Zombie Creeping Flesh" that massive films may be due to Bruno Mattei and that the little one who is commendable about him may be due to Fulci. This is not unacceptable, and the styles of the directors are very contrasting, and you can tell who directed what, especially in Mattei's case. The film is centered around the outbreak of a virus as a top secret by a scientist, the secret is apparently more noteworthy than its potentially apocalyptic effect on humanity) somewhere in Southeast Asia. The virus causes zombie behavior in those affected, and the virus spreads rapidly into a seemingly arbitrary area of ​​the field. Our protagonists are wandering involuntarily in the dangerous area and have to fight for their lives against the Asian olympics infected. The film seems to be stuck midway between being a gore flick zombie and an out and out adventure action, and this confusion is captured most clearly by the zombies themselves. They do not seem to have a common set of common features. Some are of the usual sort of motion without souls, so well presented in Fulvici's original creation and probably in here. The other main group is those who, being infected with the virus, have lost all their feelings, but have suffered a wild aggression and a desire to win a black belt in ninjitsu: Indecisely jumping around uncertainties whether to continue honing the technique their upper round to engage with their brethren in what looks like a mass of ice fest on their unhappy victims. The skills of martial arts are not the only talents, they are well known in guerrilla tactics, they are hiding on rafters and under hay bales and sometimes inexplicable, they fall from nowhere, but the heavens themselves. This is certainly Mattei's work. There is a third variety of zombies. This apparently keeps a sense of irony "I'm very thirsty for your blood." The ridiculous tower at the end of which the DJ turns into a zombie but continues to preach fury about the fate of mankind serves only to increase the WTF factor and to erase any hope of a serious resolution. there is an infamous zombie head that slowly revolves around the air, a skeletal mock smile made on his face as if he were saying "yes, we know how bad that looks." Characters are completely dimensional as you would expect. But it is dialogue and pseudo-comic doubling that prevents us from taking seriously the situation. After saying that the first soldier who died, he put an impressively strong poster against an unstoppable zombie threat. Indeed, this is the first and maybe just the moment when we hit real zombie agglomeration and one of the only effective scenes in the movie. The guy who played the head of science has heart, but no talent, using breaks in his lines wholly at random, so he ends up calling it a confusing asthma. Scientists on the screen, trying to find an antidote, are completely unconvincing "now allows to put these two molecules together!" <br /> <br /> There are a few moments that are as effective as this. In an early stage, a female protagonist explores an abandoned garage. At the entrance to a room, we are confronted with a blurred view of a corner change figure and a mass on the floor, all shot in a diffused atmospheric light. The silence is interrupted by the emergence of a zombie flying fast that draws everything behind it in its alarming despair to have it. His very aggressiveness is one of the few moments of real horror in the film. The previous and subsequent theme transmitted through the hotel that hosts the events of the oldest stage of the outbreak, and later as a refuge for our protagonists, is soaked in a thick, damp environment. There is a scene where one of the soldiers is cautiously approaching a recessed room, which clearly houses the undead hordes, and this is quite tense. Things become more dramatic when they board the hotel without knowing what they are hiding. But this is being handled inappropriately and not as efficiently as it could have been. In everything I would say that this movie might deserve to be called a royal string of an effective tropical zombie fest potential, rather than simply through a bad movie. If anything else does not have enough unintentional laughter I came to expect from any Italian and gorilla thing in the eighties.
