I can not be indifferent to Lars van Trier's films. I think "Breaking the Waves" is just a masterpiece. I liked "Dancer in the Night". I admired the idea in "Dogville," but the general exercise seemed too dry and too theatrical, less cinematic. "Europe", which I see only now, was a famous film in his time, succeeded in the USA in the relative success of a European film and won the Oscar for the best foreign language film, but did not survive well in the my opinion. It is also a too explicit and extrovert exercise in cinematic art to my taste. The story has a level of ambiguity that can not escape the spectator. Treating the period immediately following the Second World War not in the black and white colors of the victories and the defeated, the executioners and the victims, but as quite ambiguous moments when the people on both sides fought for survival after a catastrophic event which changes the lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of litigation even today, many such things were new and courageous two decades ago. However, the means of expression do not really fit this task. The film seems to include a lot of quotes that come down directly from Hitchcock's films, especially his early films in the pre-war film Europe, with brave British spies fighting against bad German spies on high-speed trains across the continent darkness. Trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and drama. Here the train is also the symbol of the first sparkles of Germany's rebirth after the war, its power, its obsession with order and regulation, punctuality and politeness. The characters that populate the train are far from being the classical good or bad spy stories. The main person, a young American man of German origin who comes to a post-war Europe, willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation, is in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators who resemble more with occupiers opponents, to their fate, but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with doubtful love mixed with betrayal. It is still this classic film treatment that betrays the director in this case. The actions of the characters, especially Leopold Kessler, played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confused and unreliable. General cinematography seems not to be similar to Hitchcock, but rather to Hitchcock's poor imitation in the late 1930s. Using color over the black and white film most of the time at times of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. It is not the fact that Van Trier does not master his artistic means, but is too demonstrative, seems to try too much to show what a great director is. He's really great, as he will show in some of his later films, but he'll let the audience decide that.
