... but I expected better from Caroline Munro. He did some good movies and I hope he would be just as good. in fact, she and this other blonde girl (the girl who was electrocuted, I think) were the only two of the 8-11 actors who could act. this movie has the worst action I've ever seen. almost as bad as "Psycho" (1998). the really bad part was when the woman was in the shower, and Marty made her leave the acid acid there. she starts screaming, and her scream is probably the most annoying sound all over the world. she tries to get out, but "accidentally" comes back inside. I will admit that the violence and the story are good along with Harry Manfredini's music, but that it could have been a lot better. there were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they have a strange resemblance to Dan akyroyd. Also, when you find the woman's fried body in the tub, you think they will be screaming and throwing away. Caroline Munro and the blond woman are the only ones to react. Frank and Joe barely show signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know if I saw a skeleton fried by one of my best friends, I would be cursed. Also, when Joe starts to say things like "what happened to Marty was an accident, it was not our fault." he says he is nervous or scared, but he barely shows facial expressions. then the blonde girl starts crying and says, "I'm really scared!" and takes Joe. I think the actress did not really know who the guy was. the end of the movie is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. more confusing than the culmination of "jaws: vengeance." all eight friends get to death, marty kills them all, but then you see something that shows that he is being watched by their rotten corpses and then just cut to the marty in the hospital since the accident and then when the movie ends, as a nurse trying to sedate him, but then we see that martya has entered her clothes or something like that kills a doctor, and the film ends with dirty skin on her skin. which leads me to the next question. What was the writer when he came with him?!?!?!?! did he actually expect people to understand exactly what happened? the end left me so confused. were the characters still alive? is Marty still prey? do the events that we are seeing are not happening yet or not at all? I do not know. Generally, this movie was pretty bad. the act sucks, the music was fine, the story was pretty decent (except for the end). Practically, this is just one of the best movies of the 1980s. see only for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the release of the film for intentional drug abuse. I think he was the only person who knew that this movie was what it really was. A PILE of SH **
