The film opens with a retrospective at Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students is playing a joke to the classic Marty. When they are punished to play joke, they continue with a bigger joke that (seeming for the course of weakness movies involving pranks on class nerds) goes awry by letting Marty burned at the same time by fire and disfigured to be acid in-depth. Come back to five years, where we find members of the body of students who gather at the abandoned high school now for the five-year class meeting. We find out that it is not a coincidence that everyone at the reunion belonged to the clique of pranksters on the retrospective scene because all participants are being watched and killed by a mysterious murderer, masked by the jester, increasingly complicated and mind-wise strange. He does not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the identity of the killer because he is discovered to be nothing but a stingy Marty who apparently used his fury and his high intellect to bend the laws of physics and engineering to train his his revenge scenario. The movie turns into a bizarre rhythm as Marty ends up trying to revenge his former torturers just to be haunted by their ghosts. Marty is finally pushed completely over the edge and takes his own life. Eventually, the movie explodes in a crescendo of disjointed strangeness, because the entire revenge scenario is revealed to be a dream in the first place, when Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, breaks out of his restraints, nurses a nurse medical and eventually deforms her own face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a terminal case of horror movie logic. The only originality comes from the complicated, complicated ways that the victims are dispatched. The absurd-all-a-dream approach is deep. It's as if someone has shown the dissociated nature of the film, and the writer then decided there was a dream. From a technical point of view, the film is atrocious. Some scenes were shot so dark that I had to pause the film and play the color on the TV. The actor is sub-par, even for slasher movies. I can not believe that casting was a part of the problem, because all the actors are looking at at least five years older than the characters they portray, which makes the retrospective scene even more ridiculous. Their lack of commitment to the film is obvious, because half of them can not bother to keep their accents directly through the film. All this is said, if you like bad horror films, you might as well. It's not the worst kind of movie, but it's far from the best.
