What did Domino do for hating everywhere, and I mean everything else? Perhaps it was the general glorification of being a reward hunter; perhaps sexism behaves like an engaged and interesting study of a leading female character; maybe it was just the appearance of the film with its bizarre yellow brilliance and the blue blue deformations or the way she takes an actress like Lucy Lui; which deserve much better than this junk; and she stays there in one place in the room, the light can not directly touch the same bad look on her face. Maybe it's editing; that quick editing of fire and the way the dialogue lines echo, as people say like Kiera Knightly who, if you buy a reward hunter, then you'll probably be able to make yourself believe that the world will be end in 2012. No one comes out of the Domino with any kind of credibility, absolutely no one at all. It's a painful and misguided experience inspired by things like Natural Born Killers and leaving lost ideas to an audience that does not even exist for them. The main question is, "Domino was supposed to be a kind of comedy?" what with a hilarious evil leadership that says some lines that desperately want to believe it is "tough" but really resembles a 15-year arrogance on the first day of the public school, impress her colleagues. There are things you really do not know to react to, whether they should be fun or not. If it is supposed to be a comedy, it puts the following question: "Is the life of a bounty hunter really worthwhile for laughing?" I do not think. The movie opens with the title "Based on a True Story ........ a Kind". If it had to be a postmodernist technique that would allow Tony Scott to bend and manipulate Domino Harvey's story for his own unique purpose, then you are simply on another planet. The truth is that in an opening quotation, the film identifies the subject and the original text before completely removing and saying "the kind" I suppose should allow them to make the Domino older than they should even to appear on Jerry Springer. After that, we find out about Domino's relationship with her father who died in the film when he was ten; here is the first use of the "guy" of the cop as in real life she was only four. But if the film had gone through reality, then its whole movement would have been born of her gold ... death. We are then shot in action with Ed Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) itself and the desire for love Choco (Ramírez). During the stage, an American mother is set in fire in her own caravan behind the end of nowhere, as she pleads for her son's life to be spared. What a really wrong opening; presenting their three directors as ugly people entering the trailer, throwing weapons to innocent, we do not know anything, and we are approaching the shooting of pet dogs. The immediate feeling is hatred of the three leads, a feeling of "No, why do you do this? Why is this happening?" The bad seeds are planted and, if you do not know, will stick together. The movie is painfully watched, agitated, as these three drove their way through the complete track with supporting performances from actors known to play characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here there is another sloping post-modern shock, people play themselves and that "kind of" Joker card is played back again. Christopher Walken even appears in a really stupid role that returns to the character of Robert Downey Jr , Natural Born Killers So the movie is multiplying and Domino is thrown into band Ed and Choco, simply for her good look It might add, it seems in the middle of the plot to do with the false inscription of I.Ds driver or something that Choco and Domino can have feelings for each other.The problem is that each performer performs such a bad activity in their character there is no chemistry or feeling between the two, love story, so why do I even bother going on this road first? Does anyone care about these two characters among all the quick edits and stuff that explodes? If there is any "feeling" between Choco and Domino, there is such a small, small, minimalist scale that you have to ask why it is even included. So the film feels the need to handle narrative things. We find the reason for false IDs that are related to someone else and a guy talking on a cell phone in a sound bubble. The sound bubble I can think of, but how does her phone get underwater and bubbles first, without getting flooded? Probably swim very fast? doubling the speed of movie editing, which means something in the .01 second region. Yeah sure. The story of the film becomes so complicated and purely arbitrary, before resorting to a truly unlikely climax in which more things blow. In addition, there is a really disagreeable scene about a new wall-filled wall chart, and the comedy of the movie is so dry it has to resort to "Jerry, Jerry!" sings while people are in a popular American talk show. When did we last laugh at "Jerry Jerry!"? when I was, for example, seven years old? We have come a long way from feeling sad and depressed by the existence of such a movie.
