I do not know if these movie problems are more wrong with Direction or Script. As you will see in many reviews, the style of editing is much more upset. It's absolutely fun and without substance, which could be considered a good thing if you look at some of the quotes in the movie. I do not write many reviews here, but I felt that this movie was so terrible that it deserved a comment. Movies like this eroded film as a form of art. Movies like this show more and more clearly that the current orientation of reality in cinematography reveals the quality of the characters behind them. People perfect their craft, 5 senses, and there the sense of business - going over their own inner life. However, I do not blame them, it is increasingly the unfortunate condition of this age - a qualified film like this one. But through these proxies, I would dare not to call the artists pouring in there the lack of inner life or the look on the screen - spreading it to everyone. A story of bounty hunters, cannons and more weapons, heavy throws of sex-throwing - for such a popular actress (they wrote the dance scene after they signed it?), Over saturated, over-exaggerated, parallel lines. All different and yet the same. Enormous music to push the emotion into the throat. A story? a character development? or just retained, lack of information, revealed at the end of the period to create the * effect * of a story - as if it had taken place. Everything has nothing like subtlety. It is a caricature of stereotypes and gender. Where Are Awareness Films? But the subtlety of sound and music that you do not even know is there? But the depth of a look? What about editing with a point about mind and consciousness? even in action movies this can happen. Of course a boat was ice; but what use is without soul or wisdom? understanding the human condition? Maybe the people who commented and said that this is a culmination of art, or compare it to Picasso and others - say that put it near Gandhi or Naus, the original trilogy of star wars or the master of rings; then look at me and say it again. It's a good crew, but they need help with depth and story. I hope I get it, because I like the previous crews. more luck next time.
