My colleague rented this movie last night, so I watched her together. The first impression is actually a positive one, because the whole movie is shot in this colorful, granular, post-MTV texture. Fast Sequences, Cool Angles, Moving Motion Movements - For the moment, you feel like you want to watch another "Snatch" for the moment .... When the plot actually begins to unfold, it starts to feel like and such as an overdimplated amphetamine. things do not make any sense. I would love to ruin the fun of watching it by broadcasting certain scenes, but again, the movie is so bad that you are actually better not to watch it. First of all you think it's a story story crime in a conversation between Keira Knightley and Lucy Liu. WRONG. This conversation does not provide a coherent narrative. Rather, on the contrary, Domino's lesbians appear on Lucy Liu's character during the second part of the movie, which casts the audience into a further confusion. Then I thought maybe it was a movie about a girl in the tributary but the dysfunctional fund that became a heavy reward hunter. In any case, this is the message sent by the opening scenes. But afterwards, the question of the character of Domino is entirely lost by the criminal plot. So, in short, NO this film IS NOT a movie about Domino's character. Then I thought it was probably a story of a robbery. A pretty bloody robbery. 10 million have disappeared, bounty hunters are being chased around suspected robbers, mafia children are executed, hands are removed, Domino tries to break why they do not receive rewards, etc. But soon, this impression is shattered by another plotting plot. This time, we face a sad story of an obese African-American woman who falsifies driving licenses at the local MVD, and at the age of 28 it happens to be the youngest grandmother. Lateesha plays on the Jerry Springer show, trying to publish a new racist theory, and at the same time struggling to find money for her sick granddaughter. What does this have to do with the main plot? Ugh, nobody knows. Except that the director had to explain the audience in which bounty hunters will pay their collection of 300,000. Then, at some point, start thinking, "Oh, it's about our society and how the media distorts things." There's a real-life television crew with bounty hunters and some violent images. Bounty hunters are also blocked by a bunch of Hollywood actors who just talk about breaking the nose and shooting them in too many crime scenes. But no, it's not a movie about the media, they're coming but there are many other sub-plots: the mad Afghan who bent on the release of Afghanistan, the love affair between Domino and Chocco, the mescalin episode, the FBI oversight ... Maybe all the things mentioned above up to be packed in 2 hours of film? Judge for yourself, but my conclusion is clear - it's a real mess!
