I was served - a horrible movie. Okay, I admit that since I was white and did not have any practical experience in the "competitive dance step dance" world, it might not be just an authority on this type of movie. On the other hand, I know a bad cinematic picture when I see it. And, boy, I just saw her. Filmed in low-budget vision and directed by Ian Iqubal Rashid ("A Touch of Pink"), "How to Move" tells how important it is to follow your dreams - even if those dreams include hip- hard and irritating hop and talking about dialogue, the ordinary person would not understand if they had an international translator. I will try to give a small summary of the "plot". First of all, there are two actors who look like LL Cool J, who work in a Toronto car shop (Mecca of racial diversity), but still have time to practice the dance for eight hours a day. <br /> <br /> There are a few other boys in this "crew", including a white token dude and a guy who looks like Denzel Washington in "Malcolm X." There are also two women in the movie - one looks like Serena Williams, and the other looks like Geraldine from the old "Show Flip Wilson." One of these ladies was kicked out of a private college because her parents spent all the schooling classes on a drug addict. The other girl, a member of Salt N Pepa, no doubt is simply without good. There is another guy that looks like Eddie Murphy's Hail, while yet another actor who is a Huggy Bear knock-off. These guys are rival dancers. Obviously, this activity is very difficult in the "hood", and they all practice the great "Step Monster" jam in Detroit. Since I have not been able to understand 90% of the dialogue (probably some subtitles would have been useful, like in a Bergman movie or a Snow movie), it's hard to explain what's going on, besides many things that are being asked, Serena Williams (who never smiles) becomes an independent step (moving from one group to another), there are step-by-step dances and lots of irritating hip-hop music. It's a typical story of rattling-riches; a kind of "Rocky" with a very bad soundtrack, "Rudy" with rap music in the background, "Cry Freedom" without laughter. But why a movie - which could have had a big impact on the black audience - must contain drug addiction, bad parents and a title that seems to be the first student to say the phrase "How she move "? <br /> <br /> I was "moved" by this movie, though. He moved to leave the theater as quickly as possible.
