This was another obscure Christmas title, a low-cost Mexican production from the film producer Cardona (NIGHT OF THE BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA !, as many gender-related efforts in that country were bought for release in the USA by K. Gordon Murray, judging by the two efforts already mentioned, Cardona was not a visionary, and after receiving his part of the flakes there is certainly no better film, quite redheaded by the strangeness that characterized Mexican horror excursions in the era, but gave an added dimension by virtue of the bright color (which, given the prominence of the reds - besides himself, the Devil plays a major role in the procedures throughout , it was essential.) However, in short, the plot involves Satan's efforts to make a Santa Claus meeting with the children of the Earth, but there is a lot more trouble in the process: To begin with, your white man with a white and cheerful beard lives in a heavenly palace that, in addition to the children accompanying toys around the world, the piano he plays (with the force of the first drum!) in their mother tongue , visit Merlin? the famous magician at King Arthur's court, who is usually but funny, prone to jump and mumble like a child! ?? once a year to acquire potions that bring drowsiness to young people and become invisible (by the way, the anachronistic presence of the Wizard is no less likely than Dr. Frankenstein's cohort in Dracula's SON [1974] !!); incidentally, this time, he seems to have gained some excess weight, so Santa must work to be able to fit into every proverbial basket! The devil's antique (rubbing his hands together at each turn and generally pushing it up) to keep St.'s delivery program. Nick, he is perfectly puerile: indeed, their titan for tat shenanigans resembles an old Laurel & Hardy routine more than anything! To eliminate time, we focus on three sets of children: one, the only son of a wealthy couple who wants nothing more for Christmas than their company (designed as a fantasy to fulfill the desire the boy finds his parents wrap up extra-big packs!), a girl from a poor family who wants to own a doll (horns first try to steal one, then invade the little ones' dreams and no results) and a trio of brothers who , Again again by Satan, they think of nothing but harm and eventually fall between them. There is certainly imagination in the workplace here, but it is applied with little rhyme or reason, while the general approach of minors keeps the fun (unless someone counts the film as a guilty pleasure) well at the bay!
