This movie in Santa starts strange and I think Santa might be a pedo. Instead of the usual elf player manufacturers, this Santa Claus kidnapped children around the world and made them sing a little like the characters in "It's a small world!" I think there are no child labor laws on the weird astral plane that lives (it does not seem to be the North Pole and not the Earth)! None of these children seems very happy, and I still wanted to see breaks and to save the teenagers, though I think for some of the third-world children, these working conditions were probably an improvement over local hospitals. I hope all I do is sing and play toys. Then the scene suddenly changes in Hell, where a lot of dance dancing as if it were in a musical Busby Berkeley. This fun set aside by Satan's stop, which orders one of them, Pitch, to go to Earth to ruin Christmas! Personally, I thought this movie already did that! The devil and his impressions are actually kind of cute - like Hot Stuff at Harvey Comics, but with evil bad goatees! Or, if you are Puerto Rican, like a giant mask with a goat! <br /> Somehow a Mexican child named Lupita, a group of wretched children who want to embellish Santa Claus and rich children, are battlefields for the Devil and Santa Claus! So if the Prince of Darkness (not Donald Trump, is the other prince of darkness) can somehow steal and be bad, he will "win" - what, we do not really know! In fact, as they twist it, you have the impression that filmmakers intend to be Santa Claus as Jesus - as he has all these great powers and fight the Devil over the souls of the children! Later, Santa meets his friend, Merlin. He asks him to make a special powder that makes people dream beautiful dreams. Given how much Santa laughs in the movie (like a disguised chipmunk), I suppose I have to use this medicine Lots! He goes immediately to see a blacksmith who makes him a magic key that opens ALL doors. Considering that he keeps the children as personal "assistants", this magically calls me a lot! During your Christmas walk, you see that Lupita behaves like a small angel - a problem down. Santa is taking time to take care of the rich child whose parents are selfish. He gives them some sort of crazy cocktail that solves their problems magically - two problems solved. This is a rare case in which alcohol / drugs help children and solve problems! As for the little ones, it gives him coal! Frustrated with his losses at Santa, Pitch then tries to steal the sleigh (which is pulled by animatronic deer creepy). When this fails, he destroys Santa's stash of "magical powder"! As a result, Santa can not become invisible to avoid dogs and to do their job. Uh, oh ... how can Santa make a bypass at Betty Ford Clinic if he has a tree ?! Will Saint Nick come down from the tree and pull him out or win the devils? If you are interested, give in and see. However, be warned that the movie is mad crap! <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, the movie is great. While in color, it is really noisy. Music is mostly performed on an organ - which, along with the bad chorus of children, probably produces the worst soundtrack I've heard in my recent memory. And the story is just incomprehensible and very, very, very creepy. Devils and a Santa Claus kidnapping the children are just a creep-tastic. It's a movie you should NOT ever show to children, but it makes a great movie to watch with friends so you can laugh at it from start to finish!
