This movie must be the worst, most twisted, holiday film I've ever seen with my eyes, and that's what it says. I know the Mexican people have some strange ideas about religion, mixing ancient Aztec beliefs with traditional Christian theology. But their day of death is not as frightening as if they took Santa. So .. Santa is not a kind of jolly alcohol, the right red fat (take a look at the pink cheeks sometime!). Rather, he is a thin sociopathic pedophile living in Heaven (or sky, any of them) with a bunch of kids who work more than Kathy Lee Gifford's sweat stores. They sing traditional songs from their countries while wearing so stereotypical clothing that I was surprised that it was not a small African-American black boy singing "Mammy." This Santa Claus is a perverse Tom peeping watching and listening to everything that everyone does from "the eye to heaven." This is so that he can tell who was crazy or nice (with an accent on those who are naughty, I would bet). There is neither Mrs Claus nor Elves (who needs elves for having a child's work?), And reindeer are wind-up mechanical toys! This plutonic performance floats on a cloud, probably supported by its silver lining. Santa's nemesis is ... the devil ?! What is this, Santa Claus and Savior? Strange. Anyway, Satan sends one of his servants, a devil he calls Pitch, to try to cheat on Christmas. Allow me to understand this - the forces of the purest evil are trying to ruin a completely commercial and greedy holiday? It seems redundant, is not it? Pitch is totally inefficient. He tries to tell some children to be bad, but he does not have much luck. I was strongly struck by the story of the holy girl Lupe, who is the very poor family. All she wants is a Christmas doll, but her parents can not afford to buy one (they've spent all their money on the carton they were building from the house). So, Pitch tries to encourage her to steal a doll. In fact, this is the only way a poor little girl ever gets a doll, because being holy and praying to God and Santa, does not really work. But Lupe resists temptation and tells Pitch to bring you behind him, and so he is rewarded with giving you a doll so terrifying that he shows you know he's Chucky's sister. On the way, Pitch manages to get stuck in a tree (uh-huh) from where he is rescued by Merlin! Merlin? You gotta fuck me! Since did mythical Druid figures appear in Christmas stories or are they related to a Christian religion? And God does not disapprove of magic? Merlin would have fired hundreds of years ago without asking him to come to the rescue of one of the aspects of God (or I suppose he must be Santa Claus to be against Satan). This movie is a long HUH? from the beginning to the end, and will make you wonder if this egg you drank was not pinched or something. Probably it was, since this movie is like a long DT giant.
