Whether you look at the usual version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can only be impressed with the total GALL that entered this production. Producers insult the spectators' intelligence from one end to the other and obviously can not care less to do so. Everything about that is cheap. Even the 1950s machine in the retrospective sequence of that era seems to be taken out of a backyard. <br /> <br /> "Hobboblinii" are, as you probably know, "made" with hand-made marionettes and plush toys; when a person should be attacked by them, it is clear that the toy is held by the victim in his body. When creators move away from the two cops, this is shown (or rather not shown) by the camera that follows the UP at the guards as they look down and turn their heads as if they were watching hobboblins that were running past. It's a reminiscence of the scene in the movie "Tangente," where two people are in the ruins of a future world, watching wrecks, and nothing is shown to us. Allied budget constraints with total incompetence mean, in general, that you will not have anything worthwhile to show, so why should you try? "The sets" were absolutely ridiculous. The Scum Club was an obvious restaurant; the house seems to have been a vacant house - perhaps for rent or sale - that the production company took for an hour or two to shoot. "Spacecraft" is something I would have been ashamed to build when I was a model for 10 years. The motivations of the characters make no sense - Kevin is denigrated by the useless use of a friend because he did not make him "proud of him." I'm sure this was meant to make reconciliation so appealing at the end, but any kind of truly self-respect would have told them to go to hell and leave it. Nick is supposed to return from 2 months of army training (yes, nice adjusting regulation, Nick,) and seems to be bent to prove that our country is defended by sadistic, moronic animals that are sexually manicured. Kyle is a sex phone freak in red shorts that dreams of a night with a dominatrix dressed in spandex, but is so effeminate that it is more likely that the gay man is not. One of the girls is moved and the other is a sleaze. And hobboblin? Finally, they all return to the vault where they lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Watch this movie and be amazed at the way the primitive films of our modern age can be when you have an idiotic scenario, an incompetent direction, actors that are so bad they will be rejected by a high school theater production and will Prove Worthy of Edward D. Wood, Jr.
