There can be no spoiler questions for this movie, the director has beaten us and spoiled this film in so many ways. A mischievous gulf of things like Critters and Gremlins, this movie fails on so many levels to regain the humor and horror of the best-made films. It ends with a waste of time when bad actors give a bad dialogue to an idiot director who sometimes throws toys stuffed with them. He struggles with the toys mentioned in the same manner as the old Tarzan films used to use rubber crocodiles, shaking them as they screamed and tried everything that they stood to make it look slightly threatening. It is painful to follow and is not helped by the mental style 80 played by the cast. Virtually some little crazed aliens who were caught by an elderly security guard in a batch of film are finally released after years of worship have been filled, and they start cheating telepathically around with people's minds. The newly recruited guards, the idiot who disappointed them, despite repeated warnings, take their 80-year-old friends together and go away and have minor adventures together as they try to recover Grem ... Hobgoblins. <br /> <br /> All life is here, with a band consisting of a jock, a 80-year-old whore friend, the hero's frigid and super-friendly girlfriend, and the young hero, unreliable, and who wants a girlfriend he would give it anyway. <br /> <br /> First comes the infamous scene of fighting breeds, where ex-military Jock showing how the army was trained to be a bully kicking hero fucking with the wrong end of a strike for what looks be hours. Then some run around them, ending in a true fighting style, ending in a nightclub with excuses, with comedy hand grenades that blow everything apart from those near them. Then the movie's end is over and everything ends well. Is not. It's like seeing a train, you can not take your eyes off, it's so bad. Perfect perfection for the Mystery Theater of Sciences, but frightening you should try to see it yourself and uncircumcised. Fashion police still have a number of exceptional mandates for distribution, and they dare anyone to laugh without a doubt in the fight against rake. This score 2 out of 10 at best, on a good day.
