This shot of the 1984 Gremlins hit is probably the biggest wreck in a movie ever made. Even for a "B" movie, all the other horror movies on the same platform completely lose this film in terms of plot, action and kindness. It starts with an old security guard and the youngest security guard, whose name is not important. Why? Because in a few minutes in the movie, he enters the "forbidden" safe and is killed while he is experiencing the fantasy of being a rock star in a cheap pub. This is just a scent appetizer - main course. The main character, KEVIN, struggles different times to prove more than a total pussy. Perhaps he succeeds in the film, but the audience turns out to be just a bad actor. Kevin deals with the old security guard and is led by the security shift in the abandoned studio (wait). Yes, why bother making a set when you can only use the studio itself. Back to the movie. Kevin somehow opens the safety and releases the Hobboblin. Hobboblin forces people to live their wildest fantasies and then kill them for some reason. Should they be returned before sunrise or something else ... or something else? Exact. Other characters include Kevin's girlfriend, NICK, Nick's "woman" DAPHNE, whose character has more substance than a prostitute's attitude. There's Kevin, AMY's manipulating and "reserved" girlfriend, whose deep desire seems to be inappropriately a picture of Cher with fish stockings, with a pair of blue grandmothers of his grandmother. Do not ask me how it works. Probably the most fun character of all is KYLE. How to make such groups of friends is questioned. Kyle is a pervert creep that can not go through an hour without self-determination. His hobbies include the calling of chat rooms from other people's homes and most likely sniffing linen. The story unfolds as heroes search for Hobgoblins: kneeling creatures (aka marionettes by hand) who, for whatever reason, try to travel no further than the boundaries of the local neighborhood. Each of the characters finally lives the wildest fantasy that has nothing to do with millions of dollars ... or the movie has a big budget. <br /> <br /> WARNING SPOILERS AHEAD: Twist at the end of this movie will leave the observer wondering "What?" Hobboblin is returned to the safe ... by their free will. Perhaps they have lost their patience, waiting for sunrise to do evil, or maybe the storytellers have cramped the writer and decided not to worry about the end. Upon returning to the vault, the old security guard reveals "what he has learned in the army" and detonates the explosives that destroy the vault, signaling the end of evil Hobgoblins and the end of this coaster ride; better fitted for a walk on an escalator. The very bad of this movie is enough to send someone to tears. If you are going to watch this, I recommend some alcohol beforehand to seriously consider the movie in mind.
