"House Of Evil" from 1968 is the first of the four infamous and strange movies that premiered with the great Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike "The Snake People" (1971), "The Unbelievable Invasion" (1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972) released after the death of Karloff in 1969, House Of Evil was released in 1968 when Karloff was still alive. "House Of Evil" is seen by many as the worst of these four films, which are undoubtedly all pretty strange but certainly have their entertainment value as unintentional comedies. I personally prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House Of Evil" over the other two simply because the lack of the smallest logic is even more extreme and, since there is no suspense in any of the films, the lack of logic increases the unintended entertainment factor. The strange story (I do not know if I can really call it a plot) is set somewhere in Europe in the nineteenth century. After some girls are killed and found naked, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic orgasm player, invites the few remaining relatives in his strange mansion, full of strange toys. His Kinfolk includes Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is employed in one of the police inspectors investigating crimes. I will not tell you more, but I can assure you it's pretty bizarre in the whole movie. There are very funny moments, especially some things Carloff says. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the brightest and most important icons of the horror genre who ever lived and manages to attribute this strange film to a small part of his greatness, and though (or because) his role is a bad scenario and director) is in no way scary, it seems to play it deliberately with a sense of humor. As in the successors of the movie "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", the female leadership is again played by Julissa. <br /> <br /> Most of his supporting performance is hilarious, cinema is terrible and locations and scenes are under contempt. The story has no less logic, and dialogue often does not have the slightest significance. It is, however, the story and poor dialogue that make this movie so fun to watch. "House Of Evil" can be an extremely bad movie, but it's certainly just as fun as it's bad. Ed Wood's fans should be very amused, I personally found her hilarious. Crappy, but fun, however, and definitely worth watching, because there is Boris Karloff in it and because of the fun factor. 3/10
