Descendants begin with the archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert, discovering the mummified remnants of a 42-foot high giant, now something you do not see every day. Matt works for property developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a holiday resort on the ground and calls his colleague archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm not sure about. However, both try to figure out what they have in their hands when part of the team disappears, Morton calls Ammon (Navid Negahban) to handle the situation. Meanwhile, the old text translator, rabbi Eli Schmidt (Tom Bosley) translates an old text (as it is) and is shocked to find out about a bad prophecy in which these giants will rise and take over the world for the fallen ones or something like that. It's up to Matt to save the day and the whole planet ... Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who also has a small role in the film as an ancient warrior leader at first, I personally thought The Fallen Ones was a terrible movie and it's the same simple and straight before that. There are so many things that are simply stupid about the fallen at both technical and conceptual level, the script does not make much sense and it does not really go through the last 20 odd minutes in which time Almost I lost the will to live. His character is awful and, as you like the clichéd, the dialogue is bad as well, very stupid and the whole movie is predictable, that is, it will not be a surprise that Casper Van Dien will save on the day it is? It is not a huge surprise that the mummified giant will return to life, or why wait for over an hour in the movie, when most of the audience will be in some kind of comatose state. It's bad, very bad. You were warned. Director VanHook does not impress, battle scenes are absolutely terrible, and why do we dress bad boys in a horrible hue of purple? Show naff. To give a little credit, the special effects on the huge mummy itself are actually good, although there are not so many, since it does not appear for over an hour, there are also normal mummies that show they have coming directly from the set of The Mummy (1999), unfortunately they are not used to any great effect and in fact they are wasted as a comic aid. Mechanical mummies were pretty good, but they seemed bad and there was no way that synchronization could work between all those people inside, the more I think about how ridiculous the idea is. Forget about any kind of fear, tension or atmosphere, and do not even think of gore or violence because it does not exist. Technically, the fallen is not something special and apart from the impressive giant mummy the effects are not too small to be delighted. The effects of CGI ghost and water are terrible, they were made for television and show. The act was weak, Wagner seems embarrassed and probably this is the only thing Dien & Bosley can get these days. like me. It is not recommended at any level or in any way, one to avoid.
