What I think I'd like best about the new Star Wars movie, "Phantom Menace," is that it's probably going to blow Titanic out of the water if you forgive the word when it comes to a devastating box in the office and so , they took him out of the first point. Every time I hear someone say "Titanic" is the biggest movie they've ever seen, I think of myself, "You do not see many movies, are you?" What a travesty. You could make 50 good movies that are much better than "Titanic" and for the same price. <br /> <br /> "Well, he has won many academic awards, lots of people really loved him," someone might say in his defense. Well, a lot of people like Spice Girls and billions and billions of people eat at McDonald's, but that does not mean it's high quality. Yeah, millions of Elvis fans can be wrong. I will be the first to admit that this part of the problem for me was the mega-hype of the movie. I waited a month or so to see and, ultimately, it was not up to expectations, which brought more attention to the story of terrible love. True, "Phantom Menace" will likely suffer a similar fate. but James Cameron's Titanic is. a) a cinematic thin film disguised as a serious piece of the era. b) a three-hour epic having the finest moments given in the trailer. c) a love story beyond belief or entertainment. d) There are some documentaries left, which I would have liked much more. e) a film with arrogance that lives up to the level demonstrated with the real ship. f) a 3-hour robbery I will not recover, so the greatest motivation for a time machine I can think of. When I meet someone who has not seen her yet, I say, "I wish I could share places with you." g) a slap in front of any authentic victim of hypothermia. How much should we think people can be immersed in cold water freezing and can still make intelligible sentences? h) fortunately a movie that was not recognized for the Oscar-winning achievements. i) a technological achievement in the film, and something else. The only reason I posted this article as an anonymous comment is I DO NOT receive the rebellion of 10,000 Leonardo DiCaprio's thirteen-year-old fans who no doubt defend and I do not really care to see a defense of the story the Titanic, to act or along.
