Once, there was a director named James. He brought us wonderful, thrilling science-fiction, such as the Terminator and the aliens. These films were created by successful bands and he looked to have a fantastic future ahead of him, while the dawn of computer-generated special effects drew attention to the cinema industry. Terminator 2 showed us that he gave us a look at what was possible in this new era. <br /> <br /> ....... and then it happened ................ ... 1997 ........ countless awards. ......... obscene amounts of money ............ brilliant barrage of advertising ...... ...... maximum profit margin ..... ... Titanic was here! I have never been (ever) one to jump on the bandwagon and be too critical for the sake of fact, I have often taken the opposite position from the majority, just to get an argument. Titanic was, however, a film I took only one - Kate Winslett's absolutely superb everywhere! Dialogue was fast as something in Beverly Hills 90210, the act was more than my nephew's tree house, the pictures that had to be frightened were actually comic (a man who fell from the ship and hit the propeller), a fake history (I did not even start because it was too much), it had cheese theme music) and the story of unnecessary love was so boring, self-absorbing and pathetic that it did not respect the situation of the other involved (I was glad when she died and disappointed when he did not). obviously from this word, that this image was designed to appeal to MTV watching, bubblegum chewing, boy chasing the car, adolescent girls (DeCaprio himself resembles something less heroic than a boy's member) loved by hunger for three years and a half an hour in the hope of luck later! The worst aspect was that he did not stop at that moment. Millions of vultures from culture have seen this expensive celluloid loss because it "costs so much to produce that it has to be great," and "Steve and Barbara said they were good and know their movies." <br /> <br /> The crowned glory arrived when Titanic swept the plates to the Academy Awards. King James of Hollywood had a serious moment of silence for fatal victims on which the three-and-a-half-hour fraction was based. He looked at me as if he prayed for forgiveness after he had made a fortune that did not correctly reflect the circumstances leading to the deaths of many people. <br /> <br /> However, if people are fools and enough sentimental to buy in this type of garbage they deserve to be destroyed. Good luck at Hollywood, if this is how they want to make money, I would do it if I had those chances in life! It's right there in my list of movies with the worst movies with other stupid, fake historical / human-like forests like Patriot and Pearl Harbor.
