The tragedy of the convicted Titanic inspired many books and movies. The struggle between nature and technology has always captured man's imagination. The latest film about this Atlantic tragedy was written and directed by the famous action film director James Cameron. The story of Titanic involves two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist, another is an aristocrat) and the way their love triumphs over the social barriers and the tragedy of a sunken ship they happen to be on. <br /> <br /> First of all, although it uses a historical name, this film did not have much importance for history. The plot was built around two fictional lovers, French diamonds and treasure hunters. The deaths of more than a thousand people on the largest luxury ship of the day have become a simple background. Many historical facts have simply been forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the iceberg warnings? Why was not the ship located just 5 miles from the Titanic, but did not come to rescue because the captain did not manage to identify the distress signal? The omission of these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the purpose of flavoring this historic disaster with a fantasy of romantic shame when the story is already as sad as it is. The whole plot was quite superficial; the rich is equal to greed and corruption, poverty is equal to compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend 200 million dollars to make a movie about how corrupted money. There was absolutely no human part shown in anti-heroes. It seemed Billy Zane was playing a part of the devil. Casting was also very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear she was his child. The length of the film was useless stretched over three hours. The first and a half hours have been scattered to establish relationships between the characters known to the public long before going to theater, and the dialogue that has been used to do so has made it even worse. Hearing on his horns he raises lines like "I see you," and "this is my part of the ship" has generated more pain than shouting to slam people. Also, the jokes were too abundant and rather lame. Titanic involved some moving scenes, such as the role musicians played while the ship was sinking, but there was almost nothing original. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and this is the only thing that really deserves a prize. Although this film did not have artistic value in the global sense, the audience could not resist a sentimental Romeo (DiCaprio), so the film became a success. Now it's safe to say that industry will be less hesitant to invest large amounts of money in a single cinematic image, so it seems "Titanic" has managed to get something.
