ELEPHANT WALK was a boring film and I was really happy when, finally, a herd of elephants killed the mansion and finished this film. Considering the money and the distribution, you'd be sure the movie will be much better, though it asks me about Dana Andrews's weird cast as a man who is in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I can not see the pair as a couple. Maybe some of them might be the cause of Miss Taylor's replacement with Vivian Leigh at the last minute (due to Miss Leigh's mental deterioration) - though I also have to see Andrews and Leigh. In addition, for an English woman, Miss Taylor does not even seem to try to use an accent. The film begins with Peter Finch and Taylor to meet and marry in England. Their plan is to return to Finch's tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it seems to be a good life. However, there are no women to talk to, and family staff seem to reject it. Besides, once returning home, Finch behaves like a wandering villain, and Taylor is miserable. Neighbor Andrews can see this and declare her unhappy passion for her. However, Taylor is not yet ready to give up her marriage. But during the movie, Finch treats Liz more and more as an object and is finally ready to go ... when the blue, Cholera hits the plantation. So it's up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day - though I have not cared so far, because there is absolutely no chemistry among the characters, the dialogue is pretty boring and you do not understand why Taylor did not she left her weasel husband within a few days of arriving in this innocent hell. The film is not particularly committed or convincing, and despite a decent budget by Paramount, the film is a slow mess. I was particularly surprised that although the movie seemed to be filmed in place, many scenes were clearly filmed in a studio with a designed (and granular) back that was not well integrated. In a scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and the group sit on the veranda and the grass is green. Then, when the picture cuts at people dancing right in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that I am not really in Ceylon in this scene or on the giant inclined Buddha scene. My advice is to skip this or at least keep a nearby coffee pot to keep you awake. Despite its budget, it's not just a very good or inspiring movie. By the way, could Miss Taylor be pregnant during part of this film? In some scenes (especially at the beginning), he wears full clothes, has a double chin and looks fluffy. This is not a criticism - after all, women get pregnant! But if you look carefully, you will see what I mean. Also, by the way, the basic plot is in many ways similar to GIANT - really a Taylor movie! It's amazing how pouring and decent direction can do so much.
