There were some funny movies about the spirits who came out of Hollywood. Cary Grant was an angel in the "Wife of the Bishop" (1947). Of course, the best films were Topper in the late 1930s-early 1940s. And, more recently, Warren Beatty's "Heaven Can Wait" (1978), which was the remake of 1943's Here Comes Mr. Jordan. These were good, funny, entertaining, funny comedies, all centered on supernatural creatures, how would be ghosts and angels. Now comes the director-director Jeff Lowell, making her debut in her feature-length feature film, Kate (Eva Longoria Parker), who is murdered on her wedding day and then returns to harass the spirit, Ashley (Lake Bell) falling for Kate's fiancé, Henry (Paul Rudd). One thing that is clear at first: Longoria Parker is not Constance Bennett (Marion Kerby in the first two films "Topper"), which is the standard against which all female ghosts are measured. a line at the very beginning, when Henry's sister, Chloe (Lindsay Sloane) tells Henry: "You do not smile." This properly described my situation in this movie. The main problem with the movie is that the script is not very funny. But he got worse with Longoria Parker's presence, who just rubbed me with the wrong thoughts every time he appears on the screen. Just to start with, combining her lack of comedy talent, she is covered with so much pancake makeup, who knows what she really looks like? Kate is killed as she prepares for her wedding a frozen statue that falls. She is so unreasonable that the angel instructing her about her life after her death takes her (well, she even disappears), so Kate finds himself on the ground as a ghost without knowing what the mission is They. <br /> Chloe wants Henry to get out of the funicle he has naturally descended after Kate's death (from what I've seen from Kate, he should have felt a wonderful relief), so he introduces Ashley, You know what she's doing as a spiritist (she's also a bunch to make them meet) to see if she can contact Henry and Kate. There are plenty of meshugaas that go on. The vacuum of the film is represented by a "B" story that rotates around Ashley's assistant Dan (Jason Biggs). This is thrown close to the end, but the way Ashley looks at her indicates she's as much a boob as Kate. Since Dan is apparently attracted to both women seriously affected, he deserves everything he receives. Eventually, Kate comes to Ashley, and the fun should start. There is no more mercy because in other hands this would have been quite funny. Indeed, Norman Z. McLeod, Constance Bennett, Roland Young, Alan Mowbray and Co must return to their graves to see that the first two films were "Topper".
