Two qualifies right in front: In fact, I think Joe Don Baker can be good or even great with the right material and the right director (the remake of Cape Fear, a small role in Goldeneye and Walking Tall). And I really liked Baker in "Mitchell" because he played an anti-hero who was supposed to be inappropriate. Yes, the coverage of the MST3K was hilarious, but they did a lot of cheap photographs to Baker - which he did not deserve - to keep things alive and fun - it was appropriate for the level and tone of the film and he was the one the best of the film. "Final Justice" seems to be the same, but despite the exotic locations and the "cowboy border justice" topic, it's a bit weaker than "Mitchell." And the main reason is that Baker's character, as it is written, is an idiot. The film understands that, because Baker embodies the old frontal machismo style, he challenges his opponents to fast mano-a-mano contests. And because he's so hard and macho, he always wins, even when he's hurt, injured, overtaken in numbers, etc. This is a great potential (worked for Gary Cooper), even if he condemns the movie to "B". But Baker is so stupid and obsessed he has unnecessarily provoked the three bad guys to showdown on a public market with civilians everywhere. He could simply overshadow them at the principal's headquarters (and that is why he followed them first) and would never have noticed him. Or he could have dropped them and forced them to surrender and take one of the masters to take him to the headquarters at the point of fire. But no, he must be a hot dog and a macho trap, so he becomes a kid as a hostage in the blows that followed! <br /> <br /> This is a guy we should admire? <br /> <br /> The whole movie is basically so. Most of the actors who support the film are blessed (the big boss and his father, who are two well-known European actors - they only go through the moves, but they are professional and even hit him are decent). But in all this, Baker's character shoots silly and unproductive stunts, and the mistakes that led to the death of at least two relatively innocent men, plus a few bad guys who could have been taken alive without using the force of death. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, since 90% of the film is set on Malta or the Mediterranean, you can see plenty of beautiful landscapes and a lot of extra nice and exotic. And indeed, Baker himself might be on the hard and slightly dysplastic side, but it's not that bad ... it's certainly not wise that film critics (including Mike and Bots in their hilarious reflection) seem to believe. In short, this movie is good for video wallpapers, but the viewer should not pay attention to it.
