After apprehending the man responsible for killing his boss, Sheriff's deputy, Thomas Jefferson Geronimo III, was assigned the task of taking the killer back to Italy. However, on the way, the plane is diverted to Malta. Not long after landing, the killer escapes. Now, with little help from the Maltese police, Deputy Sheriff Geronimo goes to recover a murderer. But will mark the "work of drawing first, take the name later" of Texas work in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me take this forward, I saw Final Justice both with and without the commentary Mystery Science Theater 3000. I saw cut scenes that help transform the movie into a more coherent whole . And I saw the cut TV version that was used for MST3K. After I said that, I have to admit I prefer the MST3K version. Why? Because Final Justice is a bad movie. The MST3K comment helps make it much more enjoyable. On its own it is a true snooze of an action movie with corny dialogue (often delivered with so thick Italian accents that it is impossible to understand), bad action, poor direction, gigantic plot holes and most of all you find in bad movie. And if most of the final justice was not "so bad, it's good," it would be a great boring movie on all the other. So yes, I enjoy the often very funny MST3K comment on the bad movie on its own. My main points of attachment to the MST3K commentary and most of the reviews I've read on final justice, however, involve Joe Don Baker's criticism. The main weaknesses of Baker's performance have nothing to do with his size or the choices of his character cabinet or any of the other jokes that were cast in his direction. Instead, I think a lot is related to the poor decision to put it first. Joe Don Baker has always hit me like a fairly decent actor, but he's not the kind of guy I would call a "hero of action" of any stretch of imagination. He is more a sidekick than he has shown with solid performance in some James Bond films. Or if you really want to blame someone for Final Justice issues, head to Greydon Clark. Clark's resume can not begin to compare with Baker's. So I say, "Leave Joe Don Baker!"
