In short, the film had a small act of weak action, with a certain forced action and rhythm and rhythm slightly disjointed, somewhat a decent act of 2, which managed to create tensions and intrigues despite inconsistent rhythms and performances inferior cast, and act 3 ... there was practically no third act! Regarding Act 3, the film ends abruptly. There is no resolution and no way to escape from the culmination of the second act, so there was not much an act. 3. The bad guys die and that's it; end-of-period loans. There is nothing to show what happens to the protagonist and supporting characters and so on. The audience would probably have left the theater after the movie, asking, "Is that it?" A real dismissal. The music was composed by David Bell, who worked pretty well to serve the film most of the time, but it certainly is nothing special. It's only functional, but it does this by being just generic and derived. It is also obvious that the score is very dated with the use of tympani synthesized for part of the percussion. What impressed me most about the score is that some moments of tension signal music signals that sound as if they were pulled by James Horner from "48 HRS." and "Commando", especially brass. Overall, the movie had potential, because the basic story is good, but the execution was blurred, with a mediocre direction, a weak action and some inconsistency. There was practically no third act to complete the story properly, and this omission is great and unforgivable because it does not allow the film to end satisfactorily. This could be either the scenario or eventually the production had to cut the filming or editing of the third act in the finished film due to budget constraints (but I speculate why there is no third act). Whatever the reason, the sudden ending damages the movie in general. <br /> <br /> This is good for watching if you are curious and you can get the movie for VERY cheap as well as find out why you need to have the 3 papers (beginning, middle, end) if you write scenarios and make movies. Otherwise, you may not waste time unless you can get the MST3K version to get at least some laughs out of it.
