Joe Don Baker is ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, a vague and sweaty bully in a silly cowboy suit that Roy Rogers would have laughed at. Somehow he still has a badge, probably because he lives in Texas and will NEVER be a law enforcement there. This fat owl is a deputy sheriff next to the Texas border. Not surprisingly, he was once a Texas Ranger but was kicked out because he seemed to believe the law was his own bouncing ball to play with him at his discretion. This includes the shooting of suspects across the international border in Mexico, the beating of suspects, weapons smuggling, the threat of women, the commencement of kidnappings that could have been avoided and managed to take the life of a child threatened in the process, allowing women to promise to help and will protect him from being killed just to get him out of jail etc. This guy makes police LAs look like saints in comparison. When his partner is killed by a pair of lost Italian assassins, Joe Don's character hunts and kills one of them. He then takes the other to Italy, at the request of Mr. Wilson, who rightly believes that Joe Don will fail. In record time, he loses the Italian and receives a Maltese taxi injured in this process. This is just the first of the many major deaths and destructions that Joe Don has left in a trail behind him as he returned to the seashore, searching for Palermo (Italy's assassin). the film in which our hero is arrested, taken by the head of police maltese, comes out and causes more trouble, is arrested, betrayed by the police chief ... and so on and so forth. Until you want to cast your brain with Joe Don's ivory, throw the gun and you'll be finished with horror. Joe Don proves his worthlessness, not just for the first time when Palermo escapes, but in pursuit of the boat that descends in one shot. It is then taken by Palermo after threatening a woman with a coat of clothing. You are hoping that Palermo will get to torture him in the basement he put it, but not - the striker he threatened came and pulled him out because he promised to protect her. Her neck is immediately cut (a great surprise) and Joe Don escapes into the night. And here you hoped you might have been drowned in the boat hunt yet. But even the ocean does not want him and shocks him on a shore where he was cared for by a poor Maltese family (who ever did to deserve it) he returns to the city where he was arrested by the police, read by the police chief. .. arrrgghhh! The female police agent who escorts him around frees him in order to get to Palermo. Why he would do something so dead brain to destroy his career for this big slob is beyond me. It's just scratchily head puzzling. They go to the villa where Palermo is hiding, and start pulling it out. Joe Don interprets blithely and kills Palermo. Then, he writes the last wonderful line of the movie: "The big one has my badge. Can you take it for me?" Thank you for that immortal line, Mr. Baker. This will descend into the annals of cinema history as the most literary, stunning, wonderful line of the latest generation ever pronounced by a character in a movie. Surely, it fits with all that is about character. Bravo.
