Rice of human rice Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) plays the role of Geronimo, a fat, fat, gassy deputy who is in a cowboy suit, listening to country music and eating too many donuts. Meanwhile, a vicious type of criminality called Palermo (played by the guy who owned the drill in Gates of Hell in Fulci) hindered Joe Don's territory and shot the sheriff in a poorly scaled scene. Joe Don - slowly - lets go and flees Palermo's brother, after expressing the legendary clapping phrase: "It's your move, do you think you can take me? Well, go ahead." For some reasons, Joe Don, a Texas legionnaire, must transport Palermo to Italy ("Mr Palermo was a major source of embarrassment for the Italian government," says Wilson, another vague character played by Bill McKinney, who was in MASTER NINJA 1, SHE FREAK, and many good movies by Clint Eastwood). <br /> <br /> Any plane, Joe Don's plane has to land on Malta, where Palermo escapes with a briefcase and a guy like Jon Lovitz. And there the movie stops. For the rest of the movie, Joe Don searches for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is shouted by the police chief of Malta, and then leaves with the warning not to look for Palermo. Then Joe Don continues to look for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is shouted by the police chief of Malta, and then warns himself not to look for Palermo. Then Joe Don searches for Palermo, loses Palermo, finishes in a prison cell, is shouted by the police chief of Malta, and then leaves with a warning not to look for Palermo. This is an aggravating film. At one point, Joe Don is considered dead at sea. All other characters wonder if he's dead or not, eventually concluding that he is. But then he appears (he was saved by a poor family) and no one mentions that he has been absent at sea for a few days. Even the lovely Julia Louise-Dreyfuss-esque does not get it back. However, he offers them to help him find Palermo, so Joe Don is looking for Palermo, loses Palermo, finishes in a prison cell, is shouted by the police chief of Malta, and then gives with a warning not to look for Palermo anymore. High points include a bizarre carnival with strange colorful floats, some sexy strippers, a shot involving a child dressed like Napoleon and a tomato trolley, a chase scene involving a guy dressed like a monk and any scene without Joe Don. Lower points include Joe Don, who threatens a stripper with a coat. It should be noted that this is from Greydon Clark, director of the REVELGE ANGEL, who appears as a sheriff. Ick!
