I notice from the comments that most of those who are discussing this film base their observations on MST3K. It is quite fair (ie, in fact, the way it had the highest exposure) but, having the misfortune of seeing "final justice" in its original form, I would like to share some thoughts and comments on the ungodly version. First of all, we must recognize that the original version is a little more coherent than the MST3K transmission, primarily due to an exhibition scene between Rossano Brazzi and Venantino Venantini (I could use the character names instead of the actors, but I like to write the words "Venantino Venantini "), explaining why Venantini's fugitive character can not immediately leave Malta. (It's not a very compelling plot, but at least those who did the movie tried to cover it.) If this scene was cut only for the time or because it did not provide much food for the riffs, I do not know. <br /> <br /> Another parcel point lacking the original: the betrayal of Venantino Venantini's striper to Joe Don Baker, apparently unmotivated in the MST3K version, is explained by an earlier, extremely unpleasant scene in which Venantini rains her in the shower. While this gives him reason to turn against him, the whole scenario is really ... icky. (There is no other word for that.) Some of the valuable moments of MST (the truncated truncated cries of "The Son of A -" and the Sheriff's "deja vu" movie) were purely the result of television editing that they worked on and they missed the original movie. A scene I would have liked in the MST3K version: Before joining the bar to ask questions, Joe Don asks the Maltese police officer to stand outside because "I see the uniform, they will not cooperate ". However, Joe Don himself is wearing ridiculous cowboy-slash-sheriff garments, complete with a glittering badge! I can not imagine why they have had this great opportunity to have fun ... A last observation on the original version, undeniable of the "Final Justice": Why, why did they feel the need to put Venantino Venantini's empty ass on the screen?
