I was delighted to hear that Cesar Montano decided to make a film in Cebuano. (Not "dialect", as most Filipinos will refer incorrectly to it, because Cebuano and Tagalog are as incomprehensible as the French and the Spaniards). But I was very disappointed when I saw this movie. Being a Canadian, by Cebuano's parents, I was optimistic about the revival of the Visayan film industry when I heard about this film. I was delighted to hear that it was not a bad movie or melodrama because the Filipinos love these types of movies. But, unfortunately, I was briefly changed. Panaghoy serves as a trip to the Ego for Cesar Montano. Montano, of course, plays the film's hero. And when I say "hero" I mean the most stereotypes of manners; its function is to win a girl's heart and lead Bol-anoni to victory against the Japanese. Its character has no depth or complexity. It just fits the hero's mold. The rest of the characters are dimensional; they all fit with their cookie roles. They're still for slow / meditative movies, but this movie is moving slowly. She does not meddle much. Just because a film is historically thematic, a drama and a slow movement do not make it a well-made film. Very annoying is American actor Philip Anthony. His performance was embarrassing. If Montano wanted to revive Visayan's industry, he'd have to think about it. He said he wanted to make Visayan films that could compete in Cannes and Toronto, etc., but indeed this film would have been terrified and whispering at such festivals. To get Visayan movies into mass consciousness, he should at least have made a movie that would have attracted the public, even if it meant sacrificing quality. Obviously, he did not think or get information about what kind of films he is winning at Cannes, so a movie that attracts the audience would have been at least one foot in the door. I'm afraid Visayan Movies will not be made for a long time because of this movie. If I ever told a Filipino that I wanted to see more Visayan movies, I would have received an answer that "Visayans do not make good movies. Did not you see Panaghoy Sa Suba?" Of course, this is ridiculous, because it is an example of a Visayan movie and probably the only example anyone can see today. An example of meditative movies, not just slow movements, are Tagalog Blackout or David Lynch's Straight Story. I do not like to promote the Tagalog language because it is promoted without limit and unfair and pushed into the throat of the non-Tagalog philippines, but for the sake of naming a spade a spade says Blackout is a VERY GOOD movie. These films rely heavily on what Hitchcock calls "pure cinema." Images without words are used to convey the story. But I doubt the definition a little for the sake of these two films in the sense that these films use words without words to convey the film's mood. and they do it very well. Panaghoy believes that if they simply wear bright shots of the landscape, then they set their mood. And what about so many Philippine movies that pose a dying mother or grandmother ???
