I can say honestly that it's the first time I've ever experienced a film that does not contain any meat or potatoes. The whole movie felt it was just salad without a main course. The story line was wrong and ridiculous, the characters were unique, the realism was out of the window, and the animation was made by the four-year-old. Does that cover it? I have never been more embarrassed for a concept in my whole life. I have never read comics or have seen other programs with this character, but from the reviews of the other reviews I am not based on my observation. To begin with, the story moved too fast. For someone new to this character and situation, we needed more to create the reasons instead of finding the solution. I have seen other Anime (if you could call this anime) that do wonderful things with their characters because they need time to develop them. There was nothing reserved for Lady Death. In a few short scenes, we see the Cremator train and instantly become this aggressive drunken hell. This was hard for me to swallow, given a few moments before being introduced as this weak and weak woman controlled by her father. Suddenly, she is submerged by hatred and can struggle with an existence that has been around for millions of years. This was absurd. Lady Death's presentation was poor, at least. I felt as if it were more than an animated character instead of a desperate woman, avenged in her mind. For me, it did not work. It was nothing more than eye candy for prepubescent boys who want to overthrow the massive amounts of skin they suddenly grew on their chest when they coached with Cremator. I just felt sorry I was following her. The same goes for the character of the cremator. Who was this random person? The explanation they gave was not enough and, instead, we were left with more incoherent stuttering than real development. It's a very sad day in hell when I gave up the characters to show more violence and action, especially in an animated feature. Further on, it was Lucifer himself. Let me just say that I think I could fight the King of Hell and survive. He was weak, his voice ridiculous, and he was not the image I had in my mind. It was as if Disney was in control and wanted to make it semi-PC. He did not have the dark and corrupt nature that Lucifer embodies. He was not the ruler of hell, but only a servant who had a greater place to live. Speaking of life or death, how can you die again in Hell? This was a concept that certainly needed more explanation. Most of the characters were worried about death, when they had not even thought of the choice that they had already died. That's how they got into hell. I think this level of thought has destroyed the movie for me. I have not managed to capture the idea that your soul was still in a solid body in hell, but could that be just me? or maybe because there was no DEVELOPMENT in this story. There was nothing built, just training. The battle sequences were hysterical bad. The animation in this cartoon felt like it was done in the early '90s. There was nothing impressive about how this film was drawn. Why are we, America, so behind in animation? It's giant in Asia and sneaks into hardcore here because we're still making movies like Lady Death that do not make or use any part of the imagination. We're cheap, and this movie shows us this. Generally, this movie was bad. The animation associated with horrible voice work was cheap. I have had a head somewhere like this movie as a production for a long time, which is hard to understand because I think I could have made this movie on my credit card. The production was terrible, as well as the story. Nothing has been developed, leaving huge pits that almost fell on everyone. The power of the characters was missing and nothing was explained. I lost my time with this, and I want to warn others that when Death comes, you can not find yourself in my condition and regret that you have lost 80 minutes on this trash. /> blah! <br /> <br /> Grade: * of *****
