Spiritual. Quirky. Authentic. Unreal. Wings of butterflies? One might wonder what these words describe, and others (certainly in the international cinema community) could quickly say Happenstance, but others might be able to jump aboard the American train and cry out immediately, The Butterfly Effect. Strangely, I would be one of those screaming for SF Kutcher, mainly because none of those words I mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately describes the Tautou character that I have seen. Sure, I loved her all in Amelie and I thought she was the daughter of Jesus in the Da Vinci Code, but in this film the director for the first time (at least one best film), Laurent Firode, does not give it Tautou's opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, he does not give anyone the chance to truly manifest himself because he is too delicately caught in times of "chance chance" to bring this film to anything but a brilliance (never a real boiling). Firode is vast and I use "ample" as a small word, moments in this film in which we could build a fantastic story, a truly capricious fairy of love and coincidence, but instead fell face to face a muddy-bucket of chaotic interlining that overwhelmed us with inconsistent characters and a story that let us pant for less. Tautou's beautiful girl adorns the cover of this box, but it's not going to be taken just as I did, supposing it would be another monumental journey to Tautou's French cinema. Tautou is in this movie, do not misunderstand me, but it could be argued that she is not at the heart of this story. Firode's mission is to create a series of random events that will ultimately lead to a friendly (though confusing) endorsement from the audience that exemplifies that sense of renewal of the "melodrama." He totally fails. Firode fails to give our audience too many characters. With too many characters, it gives us too many random interventions and in the end you do not care who it is who or what it is or how it is; your primary focus is to focus exclusively on the credits you have completed and the destination in time of their arrival. Tautou could have saved this film from disaster, even if Firode had given it the center. Unfortunately, he did not, but he apparently tried to force a group of 12 through a theoretical film hole on the size of a penny. It did not work and I stayed with a jam in which I was completely blocked. Firode fails because he focuses so much on minor details that, for one of those rare encounters of the film, he actually forgets the focus. I can say that there was no central concentration defined at Happenstance. At first, he tries to create one with the two supposed leading characters who discover that they share the same birthday, and that their horoscope promises love for the moonlight, but we do not go back to that in the whole movie. Instead, we are again bombarded with new characters, cluttered scenes, and meaningless thoughts, obviously chosen to move us away from a real story even more in a world full of "ifs, ands and buts". I could not do it. I can not believe this movie. Writer Firode (yes, the same guy who runs this garbage) uses such a primitive technique in this movie that I felt right away to finish it right away. He probably assumed that many of us were unable to really follow the story (or the scientific premise) because he is getting help from a homeless person to actually fill those spaces. I did not need that, nor did I think Firode had to cut his audience on this. While there were other things that seemed to work for me at least (again, felt like a Parisian collage of broken paper), it was foggy on the cake. I do not need my hand held through movies. I will give this movie a credit star. This is a rather difficult genre to successfully master. Time travel films are particularly difficult due to countless possibilities that are never taken into account, but with Happenstance works because Firode semi-explores the different paths. While contradicting me by saying that she does not do well, she has spent at least five minutes of joy. I liked where Firode was going with this movie, he had a really story-shaped story, but the final execution just blew this movie to pieces. Firode could have saved this film if he had strengthened his characters while illuminating his premise and his story. I think my overall state of play would have changed if only these two simple directions were taken. Oh, how would I just want to travel back to the production of this film to show Firode the mistakes of his ways. Generally, for the first time (and perhaps the last time), it was a Tautou movie that I have to say completely disappointed. From the agitated opening to the apathetic end, I felt that Happenstance failed because of Firode's leadership and terrible marketing. Marketing is something I have not mentioned so far, but why would anyone have bought this movie, thinking it was Amelie 2 (for the title released in Hong Kong) and why you put it on the cover Tautou knew very well that she did not wear this film at all. I think that from the first minute that passed me to the DVD player, this movie was in shame. While I will applaud the subject, everything else was far below the level of mediocrity. I can not suggest this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Grade: * of *****
