I'm a fan of the violent exploitative cinema that will never attack a movie to be violent or disturbing. I think the "Cannibal Holocaust" is a masterpiece and will always defend controversial films such as "Women's Day" or "Last House on the Left" as well as classics. Anyone going through the comments of other users will notice that they are very pro-violence / gore when it comes to movies. However, I think there should be at least one point of violence. This piece of nonsense has no point. The first notorious "Guine Pig", "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is very controversial, but unlike many other controversial films, this stinker has nothing to recommend. I have to say that before I saw any of Guniea-Pig movies, I already had a feeling I would hate it, knowing what it was. Because of his status as one of the most controversial films around, however, I decided I had to see it. I'm very glad I did not waste money on this pile of nonsense and I wish I never wastred my time with this. The story of this (I do not even want to call a "movie"): It does not have one. Three tormentors torture a woman to death for a few painful moments. That's it. There is no artistic value, no "shocking" story, no suspense; nothing. Just the mistrust that a film showing NIMIC, except that a woman is tortured for no reason, enjoys an enormous culture. It's disturbing, I give that. Of course, it's disturbing to watch a torture film for 40 minutes. What is most worrying, however, is that many people seem to regard this garbage as a masterpiece. I really can not figure out why. The fact that the gore effects look realistic can not be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and reacts very calmly to all the torture. This makes the movie look less realistic, which means, in this one case, a good thing. This is a bad movie; not for gore, but for its redundancy, its existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. I strongly oppose any form of censorship. Since this is 100% fake and no one has been hurt during its production, it's legitimate to make such a movie. However, I can not think of a single reason anyone would want it, other than the morbid desire to pursue the suffering and the joy of torture. The sequel to this film, "Flowers of Blood and Blood," won notoriety when actor Charlie Sheen confessed it for an effective film and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the movie turned out to be fake. In general, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake film of torture / snuff, which seems to have the sole purpose of looking as close to a true movie as possible. the worst movies I've ever had the misfortune of staying in. Do not torture yourself, giving this piece of bad trial to its controversial status. Do a favor and avoid it. Zero out of 10, I would like to have a negative scale to properly evaluate this pile of nonsense.
