I recently watched the first Guine Pig movie, The Devil's Experiment, and I have to admit I'm disappointed. This movie is invariably included in any list of "nastiest" movies and maybe I was expecting more because of hype. The truth is that I do not miss it. If I had seen her believing that the opening text was true ("I found this band ..."), it might have been a little disturbed by her, believing it was real. Even without the benefit of knowing that it is not real, however, I think I would have realized that it really was not. Throughout the movie, the girl's reactions to what she does with her are not exactly what they should be. She should have been screaming like a beating in pain. The fact that it does not mean that it is obviously not real. I would not want to look at her if it were real, but if it were more convincing in acting, the movie would be more disturbing. And then there are the notorious scenes: nothing affected me until the scalpel in my hand. Hot oil, worms and worms just do not bother me. I'm not saying I'm "hard"; just that I could not stop my mistrust, partly because of the girl's inaction. The scalpel made me spin a little, but the hand hammer just made the hand look like rubber. And the final scene with the eye was again a little but nothing. I did not want to look away, nor did I feel sick. Maybe because the movie is 20 years old, or maybe I'm just stupid. The truth is that we did not find this film at all disturbing. It's the kind of thing you might expect to see by playing on a loop as a modern art installation and as a character-removal exercise, the story, etc. and just leaving torture, works at certain levels. Like a disturbing piece of film, it actually did not work for me at least. I have seen Guinea Pig with my wife, who is from "just a movie" bent and wondered what was all about agitation. We have to discuss why I watch these films and my reasons are many, but they also include the desire to be affected by a movie. She said he did not think a movie could be so compelling to bother her and she was provoking me to do just that. I played the scene of the Irreversible fire extinguisher and she was really disturbed. I'm not sure I have a point, other than the fact that we were both more disturbed by a scene in a non-horror film than any other film so far, intending to disturb.
