David Mamet's film was appreciated by many as a real movie by a man of thought, a movie that makes you ask everyone and everyone. I saw it for the first time recently and I could not understand what was supposed to be so great about it. The film is about a female psychologist named Margaret, who is also the best-selling author. Margaret became disillusioned with her profession and her inability to really help anyone. She is trying to fix this by helping to solve patient gambling debt to a shark named Mike (played by Joe Mantegna, the only reason to watch this movie). He discovers that Mike is in fact a trusted professional when he is almost the victim of a deceit that he draws right after he knows it. Intrigued, he returns to see him and asks him to show how con artists work (he intends to use it as a subject of a new psychology book). Then he falls for him and accompanies him on a long cone that he and his associates have set up. I do not feel like going into details, but at the end of the movie it's revealed that the events in the whole movie were a conclusion by Mike and his friends to cheat Margaret for $ 80,000. First, the big twist to the end was very predictable. Any scene in which the cones functioned was made very evident by the scenic reading and the weird line. Not only that, but the audience (and the main character) knows they're dealing with men in the condo, is that a big surprise when we find out that Margaret was wrong? In addition, Margaret is supposed to be an intelligent psychologist who is an expert in reading people, yet she is cheated too easily - and she keeps in mind, she knows very well that Mike is a counter artist. /> Secondly, we are convinced that Margaret was convicted from the start, yet for the cone to work in the end, he had to do more things that convicts could not have predicted to do -a. First of all, he had to decide to help establish the patient's debts by allowing him to meet first and foremost with convicts. If he did not do that, the entire cone would have failed. I just have to say that it is quite unreasonable to assume that a psychologist will take it by himself to solve a patient's debt in connection with gambling. Not only that, but what are the chances of the cones being in the right place just the night they decided to show up? Did they just appear at the bar every night, hoping they'd come see them? Another thing that had to happen and could not be predicted was that Margaret had to come back to see Mike again and ask him to teach him the tricks of his job. What are the chances that this will happen? And yet the whole cone is based on this premise. Another problem I had is the end. Margaret learns she was convicted and decides to take revenge on Mike. At first, Mamet leads us to believe he will lead the cone, but that's what happens, so the end is Mike's shooting in the luggage area of ​​the airport. In a nutshell, this felt like a clumsy and useless way of concluding a movie about the con artists who are operating. Not only that, but he did not even take the money he stole. Finally, the movie lets you feel emptied and unfulfilled. And if, like me, you foretold that Margaret will be condemned, you will find this revelation as equally unsatisfactory.
