I was really looking forward to seeing this movie because they seemed really promising of future attractions: Jim Carrey with divine powers was an idea that certainly worked for me. As a great fan, I was sure he would be supreme in his element with such a promising premise and what could go wrong? Yesterday, my bubble burst for a long time, boys and girls, because I saw the movie. <br /> <br /> The first act (where it is realized that he hates his life, is an unhappy employee and an unfortunate major camp, with an ax to cut himself against God) is useful, the second act (where God is called by phone and receives the Almighty Powers) is GREAT - Carrey has fun with his new "toys" and it's a pleasure to look really funny. But the third act is miserable beyond faith. The villain begins to stage Bruce and his girlfriend, Grace (Jennifer Aniston, who turns out EXCELLENT in this movie, it seems that the "question" will appear, but instead tells him (on the knee) is she doing her job with the anchor of the news and not so exciting? She does not believe that. She wants to marry her, to see, so she ends by letting him see, even if he still loves him very much, you see, and the rest of the movie is spent hitting his head with a pathetic, he put his hand on the spiritual cliché after I followed, even to the end I also prayed ... for I was not bothered by the lack of subtlety in the first two acts (an example - in Act 2, after taking his powers, Bruce is lying in the room singing "What Would if God was one of us, just a sloth like one of us, "blah blah blah), and I was even willing to go over the amazing a number of contradictions that have been thrown upon us (for opening, Morgan Freeman - a / k / a GOD - tells Bruce that maybe he does not violate anyone's free will, but he does that very much. These choices have been forgiven - this is a comedy by Jim Carrey, directed by Tom Shadyac - it's not Remains of the Day. <br /> <br /> Or rather it was supposed to be a comedy. When writers of the scriptures lose sight of this (in the dreaded act 3) and try to turn the process into a kind of message (gag), what we receive in return is hell on earth. Bruce realizes the error of his selfish ways, realizes that GRACE is his salvation - I must say - grace, and that his life priorities have been wrongly misinterpreted. However, all this could have been transmitted in a much less difficult way. The film did not have to go into the dumper to make those points. Unfortunately, the writers and Shadyac had no idea how to solve the story in a clever and easy way, so they went over the bang-over-the-heads route hoping we would not notice. They even drew some unpleasant surprises at the end, hoping that this will diminish the wrong taste. It did not work for me.
