Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most talented comedians in the movie today. With his overactive spontaneity and his rubber face, he can only mad and love him for it. He has the ability to make mediocre comedies (ace Ace Ventura), and turn them into decent comedy tours. Or, in the case of "Liar Liar", let's make some of the most hilarious contemporary comedies around. Carrey has also been able to cope with the dramas. It was excellent both in 'Man on the Moon' and in 'The Truman Show'. The guy is remarkable. Then comes "Bruce Almighty," an ideal vehicle for Carrey, and a premise that should have worked; Carrey, after complaining about God and how his life is extinguished, is allowed with the powers of God. However, the scenario is pure recycled garbage. Now, no matter how bad a script is, Carrey's improvisation alone sometimes makes a funny funny scene. The problem is that there are very few opportunities for Carrey's unleashed, because so much of the comedy is based on silly special effects, of which only some are funny. Carrey rarely improves because he has to work around the special effects. The writers apparently believed that all these special effects and superpower sequences were fun, because the rest of the film was simply filled, giving Carrey nothing to do, along with a whine character that is absolutely humorous. He seems like a 5 year year for our attention, wanting the viewer to find out what makes funny when it's really annoying. I always enjoyed Jennifer Aniston on "Friends" and she was gorgeous in The Good Girl last year. And she has a gift for comedy, but with the script as linear as it is, she is simply given to that part of her bitter girlfriend. She meets like a cock, hoarse, and there is no chemistry between the two stars. Bruce Almighty should have been a comedy to work. But he does not even have the courage to address the subject he's having fun with; religion. A few minor chictures (his internet is Yehweh), but instead turns into a comedy comedy superpower. Not to mention that the tone changes from stupidity to another, even to a black comedy. The film fails almost on every level. That does not mean to see that he is completely laugh, but he is close. Any movie that feels the need to embody scenes of a peeing dog to get laughs has problems. But, hey, if you find funny jokes, go for it. <br /> <br />
