When I read the summary of the film, something like what happens when a person receives the powers of a God and how he later learns that supernatural powers require a giant responsibility and force, yet I was a smart and original concept. Casting was also promising Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can movie with a good idea and good actors, not to mention the cost of filming, can be bad? May be. The idea is good, but the script and the story itself are terrible. Bruce Nolan is, to be honest, a fairly mediocre journalist with not too big stories (such as the story of a huge cookie, a faux pas and the Niagara report is a complete fiasco!), He is a man with a place work he graduated DESERVE (not a good journalist, is a comic), given his potential, with a beautiful home sweet sweetheart and OH HORROR !!!! Dog not prepared for home! Yeah, as soon as Bruce, at the beginning of the movie, begins to address GO, in a "God, why hate me!" way, the average spectator has to think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?" Bruce is not, and certainly is NOT the real-life man in life. Most of the troubles that happen to him are minor and he does not really deserve to do everything he does, and some of them are really only the result of his stupidity. Most people have really big problems, worth paying attention to, most people deserve more attention that Bruce, which does not seem too human after all, does not seem realistic, too goo and neurotic, but God is still addressing him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks beautiful as a God, I can not help him, but ask what he does in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his powers? God in this film could just as easily give the power to a child of 5 years and it would not be hard to make any difference. No, wait, an intelligent child would probably use God's powers better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? Draws the moon closer to the ground to create romantic atmosphere, divides the red soup, raises the dress of a beautiful woman on the street, responds to prayers via email and makes everything come true !!!! It's gone, Bruce, please! What Bruce did could put an end to the world, but in the movie, that's not the case, because it's "a beautiful, family-friendly little film and it does not make any sense!" It is not an indication of sarcasm, real humor, witchcraft, at least a dirty humor !!! Nothing. Only Carrey plays silly, which begins to look pathetic to the middle-aged actor. Aniston here is underestimated. She plays a pale, underdeveloped character of Bruce's girlfriend, Grace, and remains completely forgotten in this film. No one in the right mind would think the two of them have any chemistry between them. When Grace says Bruce's prayer, it sounds not only latent and pathetic but completely false. These two are not meant to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt that the movie deserves one. Wrong script, blade dialogues, real humor, witchcraft and any sophistication, as well as underdeveloped and undervalued characters of Freeman and Aniston, the total lack of boldness and sarcasm, all make the movie worthless. But OK, there were some funny moments, and Freeman is always nice to see in any movie, so leave three stars.
