I saw this movie in the pre-1975 week. I was 13 years old and at that moment it seemed appropriate and somewhat fun. Then I discovered THE WORLD by Doc Savage through the Bantam novels of old stories in the pulp magazine. I had no idea before any of the Dock, but I quickly became one of the most avid Doc Savage fans you could ever meet. I read (and still owned) all the Bantam books, started to go to the comic book (along with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all sorts of geeky fat kid events) and had a wonderful time with every adventure I have got it with Doc ORIGINAL Fab 5. Philip Jose Farmer's book - Doc Savage's apocalyptic life has become a bit of a library for me and so far I have very interesting feelings about my doctoral phase. In this sense, I must admit a few years ago that this film really missed the boat. It's a movie that did not know what she wanted to be when she grew up. The script was infantile and does not look much like the story of the pulp. These 30s stories were short, and if you looked at Lester Dent's sketch (AKA Kenneth Robeson) to write them, they parted in the PERFECT 3 dramas that shouted for the treatment of the screen. He would have thought it would be better with George Pal and Michael Anderson at the helm. The fragrance elements are missing the target and the more serious moments come almost there, but then they are short. It's interesting to note, however, that they hired secondary character actors (boys who were actually just players and additional bits in front of this movie) that is doing well. Paul Gleason, of course, has become a utility player in all aspects of entertainment, and Bill Lucking is a perennial television. All the others fell on the map unfortunately. I want to have a copy of this movie because it's the only version of my hero's movie, but I'm afraid I will not follow her too much because it's too painful. I would say 0, but I give him 2 out of 10 in exchange for a part of the art direction of the period (Doc's answering robot was a pleasant touch at the end), and the casting of the third hit took a moment in the sun.
