I pulled her out and I saw her tonight. I honestly think it must be twenty years since I saw her the last time. I remember that it's a serious erroneous movie. I do not remember it's bad !!!!! I am absolutely nervous that a project with this great potential should have been ill-treated so badly. Who am I to blame for this? The two guys who wrote (and I use this word freely) the script? Casting directors who appallingly attract at least 3 major characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are among the "Amazing 5"). The director, who clearly refused to take it seriously, and kept the terrible music besides bad writing and evil acting everywhere? (I enjoyed the theme song - but it should not have been used so far throughout the movie!) Don Black, who should be ASHAMED in some of the lyrics he has written for that music? It's said I should get this out, less than a week after I re-read the adaptation of the comic book. The first 15-20 minutes of the film more or less (indeed, less) parallel the first show of the comic. When I looked tonight, I always wondered ... why did every detail change? The dock appeared, then using the remote to open the safe and the sniper's bullet missing 5 centimeters, because refractive glass was just the only thing left the same. I mean, if you make an "adaptation", WHY, in the name of God, everything will change. After leaving Doc's office, NIMIC is basically the same way as Roy Thomas was in comic, I think probably the book will follow). I read somewhere, in fact, combined elements of two different novels into a single film. Again ... WHY? I heard he was changed because they failed to secure the type of budget they wanted. I'm watching the movie and I think ... Lack of money in NO WAY explains what I saw on the screen! You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, you should really take a look at this. The best thing I can say is that I think it would be a great double feature with the BATMAN feature of 1966 ... and probably a triple bill with this and with FLASH GORDON since 1980. All three movies are "stupid". Perhaps we can "blame" the 1966 movie (and the TV series) for that. Some fans have complained over the years that Adam West's BATMAN has ruined the image of comic books in the minds of non-comic fans. I think the same can be said for Hollywood. I remember how many really true BAD movies based on "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late '70s and early' 80s. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Lone Ranger - all "killed" by Hollywood typologists who think "Oh, comic books! Like the" stupid "ones. What a loss of potential Let me say some good things Despite the script and the director, Ron Ely is GREAT When I read a DOC SAVAGE story, I do not think about James Bama's paintings, I'm thinking about Ely. Lucking (which was later a regular on A-TEAM) is great. Eldon Quick (I've seen it elsewhere, but I do not remember where) is awesome Paul Gleason - I've forgotten absolutely with a passion and a revenge in the BREAKFAST CLUB ("the teachers" like the one he played should be forbidden to learn anywhere), may be the best of the "amazing 5" in the movie Pamela Hensley - though her side was almost unrecognizable by the original story - it's terrible. Before I left my hair down, I realized that showed that it was a kind of HELL much like "Ardala Valmar" from those terrible stripes of John Calkins BUCK ROGERS that I just read. He has a big nose like Ardala - not so pronounced. Comedy Ardala has actually shown more than the 1936 Princess Aura - or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take. (Ardala made a plastic surgery in George Tuska bands - after it was amazing!) Paul Wexler, quite funny, I saw only last week in a GET SMART episode. I wonder if it was something he had to play? I do not know, because that sure character was not in the film from which he took the title.
