After Watergate, Vietnam, and the dark days of Nixon and Jimmy Carter's era, what the world needed was a good era era hero capable of taking over the snakes and venomous villains in America in 1936, or the South American jungles in a series fantastic adventures. Unfortunately, what he received in 1975 was Doc Savage, the Bronze Man. Perhaps the best thing about the legendary producer George Pal's final film is that his often sophisticated, but sad, adaptation of Kenneth Robeson's stationery roles probably had George Lucas and Phil Kaufman to leave the theater and tell one another "better than that," and adding a bullwhip, a mocked Fedora and some character malfunctions very necessary for the mix. Much of the problem is that Doc Savage is in many ways even harder to write than Superman ??? an explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the bluish-blonde bronze, the muscle-bound body of a Greek God (or rather the form of Tarzan, Ron Ely, a rather boring clone of Charlton Heston) he can not do anything worse than anything else. Man is the virtual incarnation of Hitler's Arian ubermensch (it's no surprise that the DVD is available only in Germany!), Though with American values. And only if there should ever be anything that has been overlooked (not that it ever exists), he has none but five opponents in his entourage, (less than) Fabulous Five. A chemist, an electrician, and even an archaeologist I can accept and, in a stretch, I could even go so far as to see a possible need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero does a criminal lawyer with him in its adventures? In fact, the trust of Doc's brain was probably added, because the hero was so invincible and practically perfect in any way? even Kryptonite would not have put a dent in it - there must be someone in danger in stories, although, with the exception of Paul Gleason, everyone is so horrible badly cast and overlapped (as are most parts of the film ) d enjoy them happily during the opening titles. The villains do not feel better, and Paul Wexler exudes all the threat of a geography professor like Captain Seas, Scott Walker (not another), offering one of the most serious accents of the cinema (Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Pakistani some nationalities that no one ever heard?) While Marilyn Monroe-ish, blonde blonde Marilyn Monroe-ish, gives Paris (unrelated) a run for her money in a bimbo net. these disadvantages, should this have been much better than the different ingredients? the lost tribes, a golden pool, a biplanes fighter, and a life-threatening poisonous poison all wrapped up in a search to find out why Doc's father was killed. Unfortunately, it is a tune: in the superheroes of the 1960s and 1970s there were no figures present at cutting-edge action scenes and special effects, but they were treated as somewhat comic figures of the fun of the camp low budget, beaten on cheap almost as a later thought, movies simply targeting the matinée market: you know, for kids. Have there been many rumors that the original cut was more straightforward? and certainly much of the campsite's value has been added to post-production, whether Colgate is in the eyes of Doc, comic subtitles that identify different battle styles at the end of the dust with the lyrics of Captain Seas or Don Black's gung-ho John Philip Sousa's Patriotic Feast? but from the beginning there was a lot in the movie. After all, it's hard to see how one of the bastards' subordinates who made phone calls from a giant crib was ever intended as anything but a joke that collapses, while Doc's explanation for Pamela Hensley about why never gave the girls never could be a scene written for Adam West's Batman. Instead, the funniest moments are usually simply simply unintentional, such as Doc, who showed his sixth sense by beating Adam's apple. Perhaps an even bigger problem is that, while promising on paper, manipulated in an almost unlimited manner, whether it pursues a native assassin on New York skyscraper roofs or escapes from a boat full of bad boys. Even the winning concept of animated green snakes that shine through the air while poisoning their victims does not lift any enthusiasm from director Michael Anderson: after demonstrating his own invulnerabilities, a few scenes earlier, Doc succeeds in dispatching them with just a chair and an electric fan, simply pulling curtains on them. However, in addition to Doc's various vehicles all printed with his logo and more molded plastic than bronze, production design is often pretty nice even though it is very obvious that LA is standing in New York , while Fred Koenekamp's cinema assures that the film often looks good despite its low budget. And it's good to see a superhero movie that does not spend most of the time playing on a story of origin, though one is left with the suspicion that the Dock has completely formed from the thighs of Zeus himself. <br /> <br /> It's a movie that I would really like to like more, but it only feels 100 minutes of missed opportunities. No wonder Doc Savage, the Enemy of the Arch of Evil, the so optimistic promise in the final credits, has never happened.
