I was fortunate enough to meet George Pal (and still have an autograph from my poster DS: TMOB) at a convention shortly after the launch, and I asked him why he chose to make the movie "camp". Before I could answer, two studio studios intercepted and introduced to me how the studio "knew best" and how "no one would take such a movie seriously." I have read Bantam's repetitions for a couple of years because of a friend (ComoCon participants in the 1970s will remember Blackhawk and his band, we were in a few years with him), and we had more hopes than we have. Flacks insisted that no high adventure would ever be done seriously, so making the "camp" was the only way. Several other fans jumped on my side, Pal listening as he could. At the end of the little event, Pal came to us and apologized, wishing he had done more and better. STAR WARS put the lie false and one year after Pal, Spielberg and Lucas died, Doc Savage could easily have been the next franchise size ... if it had not been for flacks. Lives the memory or history of Doc, and the movie would have been worth 6/10 the rating as nothing more than a lover popcorn seller. But destroying the inheritance of this was no less an abomination than killing a baby in bed. Doc Savage can still come on screen and survive inevitable comparisons by poorly informed Indiana Jones, but it should be done with all seriousness and seriousness to recover the glory that we should we look forward to the first American super hero. <br /> <br /> SIDENOTES: Yes, there was a second scenario for ARHENEMIA DE EVAL, and it is much worse. Yes, images were shot simultaneously, but mostly photography and very little with the actors. And yes, there is only one sheet of Ron Ely jumping over a brick wall and blasting something over his shoulder with a specially constructed bronze gun. Ely has a button vacuum cleaner on a white shirt with a bronze tie and the words "DOC SAVAGE: ARHENEMIA DE EVIL ... Come the next summer!" POSTSCRIPT: If anyone knows who the studio fake were those who accompanied George Pal in 1975 in San Diego for the convention, hit the idiots at the back of his head and tell the idiots that I am. At that time, they made dorkknobs and Fu Manchu in crowded cloth stripes and trousers and wearing Paramount portfolios.
