When Ben (Red Foxx) discovers that Beatrice's wife (Pearl Bailey) has fled with his own brother, he hastened to download his story of madness - just to find that Norman has a secret lover: Efeminat Garson (Dennis Dugan. ) Needless to say, Ben does not do well and there are numerous complications - including Ben's attempt to make Norman homosexual by establishing him with a prostitute (Tammy Dobson.) Unfortunately, this description in the movie sounds much more fun than the movie itself. Originally written for theater by Ron Clark and Sam Bobrick, NORMAN ... YOU ARE YOU AWARDED? it was an absolute disaster on the New York stage. To give a piece of play, I saw that it was staged in the 1970s as a community theatrical production - and while no one accused her of being anything but a superficial farce, the cast played so wide and in such a deadly manner that it turned out quite funny. It is a shame that the distribution of this film did not do the same. This is an atrocious acting shot. Red Foxx, one of the most hilarious comic stripes of the 20th century, is just as funny as a yesterday washing, Michael Warren (who later appeared BLUES TV series HILL STREET for a much better effect) competes with Foxx for see who can perform the worst performance, and Pearl Bailey is not far behind; the truth is said, only Dennis Duggan, Tammy Dobson and Wayland Flowers have a spark - and, unfortunately, that's just compared to the rest of the distribution. Not just the bad movie, sorry. According to Lore's film, it was the first big screen effort to be filmed in the video box, which was then transferred to celluloid for project purposes - and believe me, it shows. The film has the appearance of the 1970s bad sitcom right down to the painted horizon seen through the Norman and Garson's apartment's windows. <br /> <br /> Some movies are so bad that they become funny, but NORMAN ... IS IT SINGLE? is not one of them. I can summarize my reaction to this film in two words: I miss that. Do not buy it, do not rent it, do not touch it with a ten-foot pillar. Just back away run slowly and then fuck. <br /> <br /> Gary F. Taylor, alias GFT, Amazon Examinator
