There is nothing amazing about "The Amazing Mr. Williams". Part of the film's problem is his main actor, Melvyn Douglas. He was a bad and lazy actor with him. For most of his career, he allowed his good looks, a glib manner and (usually but not in this film) some fine scriptures to compensate for his lack of ability to act. I did not like Douglas as an actor before I found out about him as a person; I have learned enough about him to know that I too despise his policy. I'll give Melvyn Douglas credit for one thing: his chromosomes have produced the incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. Melvyn Douglas made this movie right after the brilliance of "Ninotchka" ... come down! "Amazing Mr. Williams" is a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a court detective for the homicide squad named Kenny Williams. I've never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if he called him Kenneth Williams ... well, what are you gonna give him. The whole city is in panic because a serial killer is happening, killing women. There is no reason to do so; she likes killing women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams on the carpet to take into account his failure to catch the killer. SPOILERS APPROACHING. Joan Blondell, inexpensive, vulgar, untouchable and unattractive, plays the mayor's secretary. (She does not sound good enough to write a letter, much less than type 1). Blondell and Douglas beat like a cat and a cat, so it's obvious they'll end up together. <br /> <> At the bottom of the movie, Melvyn Douglas decides to get the killer dressed like a woman. You do not want to see Melvyn Douglas! It's well over six feet and does not even shake off the annoying mustache. William Powell was an actor very much like Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell disguised herself as a woman in Love Crazy, she had the integrity to shave her mustache: an authentic sacrifice because Powell needed him to grow up again for his next role. But Melvyn Douglas does not bring anything in his role in this movie, not even a racing car. He plays his scenes of love with the same annoying ghosts he has used throughout his career. On the plus side, "The Amazing Mr Williams" has some of those splendid support players who made the Hollywood films of the '30s so delightful. Edward Brophy is brilliant here, touching and funny as a killer who gets a short chance of his life. Dissident Donald MacBride is good as a cop who is confused with the killer and is almost licked by a crowd. Ruth Donnelly is splendid: as usual for her, but here she has the chance to show her talents in her usual orbit on the background of Warner Brothers. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and Dave Willock smile are good in small roles. Barbara Pepper (which I usually do not like) is good here as well. Maude Eburne, very unpleasant, takes time on screen; I always despise it and it offers the same performance in every movie ... but some audiences are very happy with Eburne's performance for reasons I can not understand. If you are familiar with Hollywood characters in the 1930s and the roles they play, a look at the IMDb distribution list will tell you who the killer is. That's the problem with "The Amazing Mr. Wiliams": it's all too obvious. I will rate this movie with 2 points out of 10.
