Even if you are a huge fan of Sandler, please do not bother with this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this film for $ 7.99, assuming it must be at least half decent, since my man Sandler is in it and because I assumed that some women would strip off (judging by R rating and women dressed in the cover). Well, there are quite a lot of expensive women in clothing, but nobody gets dressed. I'm not sure what point was in Sandler's career, but I think it was just before SNL's days. I can make mistakes. It's like seeing one of his home movies. He could look back at a movie like this and remember the best moments ... but we (the audience) are letting it dry. This is not a "movie" at all! Sandler makes a lot of talks with the camera and even recognizes at one point that the movie is "without budget" (it's not a low budget movie, a low-budget movie). So, our job is pretty much to laugh at strange characters. There is no firm plot, it's like an extended comedy show, but a rough and stupid one. The guy who played the ugly comedian was completely annoying and, first of all, he was unlikely to receive such a mass audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration saying Henny Youngman's classic line, "Get my wife, please," and the audience is on the floor? I will not even try to make sense here. Of course, Sandler's current and recent movies are not known because they have a lot of meaning (Happy Gilmore penguin, Happy Gilmore song), but the comedy works. This is a strictly amateur work, and even if you are curious about Adam's early days in the movie, you are not interested yet. It is better to check the beginning on SNL or perhaps its role in "Mixed Nuts". Of course, Sandman is not the only lost actor in this ingrained vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a brief appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supportive role, and great Burt Young (from "Rocky") plays a significant role. <br /> <br /> This terrible comedy will most likely be collecting dust on the 99-cent rent of your local video store - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
