Hollywood has now officially left too much and I hope this transvestity of a movie would create a real reaction against their cars, despite the fact that it's going back to the box office. If you are an industry person who reads our comments looking for suggestions about what to do next, STOP. Do not make our TV shows in this wasteful, wasteful, waste money of sucking time waste film. Doing this, you prove one thing: Hollywood has no ideas, and watching the movies they create only perpetuates the cycle of disgust. What's next - Will you go and destroy Bionic Man? The movie is simply wrong and manages to get the worst, simple fact of the totally incorrect show, forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Boop and John Schneider, Bo & Luke Duke were * REFORMAT * moonshiners. They were trapped, they learned the lesson, they went straight and they were there to help people and to be good neighbors who just happened to shoot darts with dynamite spikes from hunting bows and drive like Steve McQueen . Denver Pyle's uncle Jessie was also the family's moral center, always insisting that boys are doing well at their expense or embarrassment while making sandwiches and coffee when the chores were made. They always did what they had to do, and they had some kind of serious naivety about them, which was quite appealing. We wanted to be more like them than I was, sorta. My favorite gimmick in the show was how they always gathered their seat belts before they left, which seemed too moral for this movie. By transforming the Duke family into a pack of defeat, wandering, criminal thinking, redhead bait, misogynistic losers, the film has no moral point of view, in which the show was about how honest or incorruptible the dukes were - the boys from The Duke of this movie that should come out like good boys? I wanted to squeeze both of them into my nose. They seem to have a lot of free time in their hands that could be spent doing business back on the farm and getting to follow less than nobles if they do not behave like a pair of 14-year-old boys who do not have grown. There should be no use of marijuana, no gawking at the strings, noble collages & their breasts, no shenanigans involving Brothers in da Hood. All show that the work of a marketing consultant who has made a mall survey of what 14-year-old boys want to see in movies. The problem is that 14-year-old boys can not remember the show, IMHO should not see this movie, and parents who may feel the nostalgia of the show will be disgusted by what the writers, the director and the producers have done for memories our collective just to break our money, which I feel exactly. What were they thinking ??? And the boy did * EVER * Dais did wrong. Jessica Simpson, all dolled as a Pamela Anderson mall slut might be the only reason for anyone to see this shame but you can serve your needs by downloading some of the promotional photos of her, printing them and fixing them to the wall in a toilet. She is not at all in the movie (which is the only film's rescue), and the ten minutes she was using was still EXTRA. Catherine Bach's Daisy could have the same shorts and long legs that make people feel funny just looking at her, but Daisy played was * PERSON *. Pratfalls she caused by simply being who had an almost natural ring to her. It remains one of the hottest pop culture icons ever created, but it was someone at home. And most importantly, she was a nice carer who could not help if the boys left Ga Ga over her. On the contrary, Jessica Simpson seems false, controversial, composed, costumed, aloof, bored, out of place, and I do not think she really looks so great in the outfit. She does not look like a person, but a plotting device, evoked during an agreement with someone who represented her agent. Mrs. Simpson would be well advised to immediately trigger that person and claim that everything had never happened. Regardless of the joke, it is not in it, and it is shamefully exploited for T & A. If that's what she wants from her career, the executive will produce the sequel if at least to ensure you enough time for at least the screen because this effort was just pathetic. The bottom line is SKIP IT. For the cost of two tickets and a Slurpee to go you can pick up one of the best collections of the Warner Bros. House from original DVD shows and the whole family can watch them together. That's why it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the film could be future use as a query tool at Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes after that, a chorus will be played. 1/10, and I mean. And stay away from the bionic man, you schnooks.
