In the county of Hazzard, Georgia, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) ran off their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson), avoiding local authority Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). Their problems with the boss began only after they learned he had plotted to drive me out of town for the valuable ores found beneath him. I have not seen the television show and after watching the movie, I'm not going to start soon. I like silly comedies, but he did not give much laugh. It was a pretty boring picture, with the very first hard hour to stay. The second part was a bit better, but the movie was still a missed opportunity. The film focused too much on Bo and Luke. Characters were generally not very interesting and the actors who played them did not do a really good job. The act was not very good. I did not expect to be good first, but none of the leaders was very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville offer performances below average. The latter was good enough as Stifler, but he is trying too hard here. The latter seems to look for a salary and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her action, nor is she known for her singing. She is renowned for having her own reality show and saying things really bad. She's beautiful, but she's a weak actor. It does not really matter, however, because it does not really appear in the movie and the character it plays is not complex or nothing. Willie Nelson also has a minor role and does nothing special. The script was written by John O'Brien and made two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first was Cradle to the Grave, which was okay. The second was Starsky and Hutch, which was pretty funny. He does not do a good job here, though the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and some other things that would make this movie work better. The movie is also long enough for a comedy. Okay, 106 minutes are not too long, but it feels so much because it's very humorous in the first hour. I think the comedies should be short or else you have to find a lot of materials covering the entire running time. Dukes of Hazzard barely has enough funny gags to keep his passage for thirty minutes, not to mention 106 minutes. The sequences of cars were mediums and did not save an already troubled film. Eventually, Dukes of Hazzard can appeal to a few people, but most people will probably find bored, and it's best to ignore it. Rating 4/10
