A few years back in 1998, Saban won the rights to produce a new live action series of Ninja Turtles. Naturally, being a fan of TMNT back to this day, this obviously reached my interest. So when I started seeing the show ... to say I was disappointed with the end result is an understatement. After some time (more than recently), I had the opportunity to review the series. First, let's talk about some positive ones. They've been able to recreate the Turtles noise, as it was last seen in movies pretty well, given the limited budget they have imposed on it. There is a tendency for this atmosphere to be darker overall as regards sets and not. And the turtle costumes, while not the largest piece of dolls and nothing, were not functional, and seemed quite resilient for most of the actions that would happen in the series. People tend to complain about getting rid of the rapid Shredder and replacing them with these original villains that could easily have been used in a Power Rangers show. But you can not beat Shredder so many times before you get boring and undermine his wickedness ... and most of the fans do not realize or just do not remember or ignore the fact that in the original comic, the Shredder was disconnected in the first show! Do not worry about the countless resurrections that will follow. So, from a personal point of view, I was glad that they escaped Shredder, because then the anticipation will build up to the point where they will bring it back to a later episode. We have found that Shredder in small quantities works best because then his encounters with the Turtles are all the more memorable. Unfortunately, they are replacing them with these original villains who, allegedly, seemed more suitable for a Power Rangers show than a Ninja turtle show. And with these new generics of magic, there is a female turtle, infamous Venus De Milo. I will be honest; I did not feel comfortable with her. I am not against the idea of ​​a turtle; I am against the idea of ​​the one who uses magic and thus extinguishes as a feeling of pain among a clan of ninja turtles that seem somewhat out of their field. I almost have the impression that this could easily have been the Venus De Milo show that deals with its enemies and TMNT are just there to provide the power of the stars (or whatever remained within the time span). Fortunately, everyone shares the spotlight together. The next Mutation was preserved after a season in the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Given the time and maybe another season, I really think this TMNT live reply could have been something and could have had a chance at greatness. But while the idea was good, the execution was erroneous (although there are some good episodes in this series). Currently, Next Mutation is one of the stranger in Turtledom that is best buried and forgotten.
