Dr. Hackenstein begins at the beginning of the last century, "1909 The Dawn of Modern Medical Science" to be exact. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of renewing experiments with living tissues, Dr. Hackenstein manages to bring back a rat with skin, which confirms that he has managed to bring the dead to life ... Now is "Three years later, "and Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) is around Doc's house for dinner. While Dean Slesinger and Dr. Hackenstein are eaten talking about Hackenstien's experiments that Dean Slesinger has always opposed, Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger the lab in his bridge where his wife's head Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker ) in an unfortunate "accident" and can talk telepathically with him (Christy Botkin gives Sheila's voice apparently). Dr. Hackenstein also shows Dean Slesinger a chicken truncated around a cage, and explains that along with the process he developed, he will bring Sheila back to life. The dean has a sort of seizure and seems to die. Meanwhile, sisters Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) plus their brother Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) lead near Hackenstein's house when they collapse and reach his door Hackenstein. Dr. Hackenstein invites the four travelers to stay for the night. Later, Dr. Hackenstein is visited by two thieves, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey), who give a male body when Hackenstein needs female parts for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein is the genius he decides not to lose the opportunity to have three beautiful young copies and begins to "borrow" the "n" pieces he needs to fill Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Richard Clark I was pleasantly surprised by Dr. Hackenstein, I say right now that he is not brilliant with any expanse of imagination but with what I really enjoyed. It moves at a reasonable pace, even if it tends to pull a little while in the midst as things settle. The script attempts to combine humor as a scene when Dr. Hackenstein tries to hold Melanie and try to draw attention to his deaf caretaker, Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn), and Hackenstein, keeping Melanie behind Yolanda it seems apparent to what happens, with a touch of gore, but I would say Dr. Hackenstein is a comedy rather than a horror in lifelong conception and feeling. There are also some sticky harassment and sexual suggestions that are always good for a laugh, Dr. Hackenstein to Wendy "You want to see my tools" as an example. I also thought that the scenario in which Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reported her missing daughter to the frightened detective, Olin (William Schreiner), was a pretty funny sequence going in the circle, talking about why he did not look for them, even if it has just been said, why the cell does not have a prisoner in it and that if it did not find the cousin to not worry about it. None of them is full of laugh-out, but I have to admit that I found myself smiling occasionally and found the movie as a whole to be quietly fun. There is not a lot of gore on the screen, some cut limbs, Sheila's head beheaded, some medical stitches, and those skinned animals that are certainly false. I also liked the characters of Dr. Hackenstein, which was surprising in itself. The actor is not brilliant, but to give him all the confidence that they have made some effort, a lot of exaggerated facial movements and a series of exaggerated weights means he's never boring, and the three birds in Dr. Hackenstein are good if you know what I mean. From a technical point of view, the movie is fine, again, it will not win any Oscar, but I have to give it at least one credit to the creditors because it is trying to bring about a change of the century. It does not always work, the clothes are sometimes contradictory, the girls look as if they were from Victorian England, while the boys looked like they were in a vest. The house looks like everyone who made the film was removing any modern object from the room and sticking some candles there! It happens like a bit on the cheap side, but it really is not a bad movie look at all. He could have done it without comedy music. Generally, I've come to enjoy Dr Hackenstein much more than I thought, though in itself is not a recommendation. It's definitely not the best comedy horror movie ever made and it's definitely not the worst. Innocent fun.
