There seems to be a very good reason why I have never heard of Dr. Hackenstein before me and a couple of colleagues found him a chance and decided to give him a chance. That's why it sucks! It is a very useless, boring, imbecile and immortal comedy / parody. Actually, to be honest, I'm not even sure if this was considered a comedy, because sometimes the script is quite serious and it's hardly trying to be a really ambitious and original horror effort. In 1909, at the beginning of a new era in medical science, according to the opening sequences, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein needs exactly three women? No more, no less ?? to recondition his beloved wife whom he accidentally killed. She is just a head of life left now, but the stupid bastards of the body offer only male corpses. So when Dr. Hackenstein yells, "I need three female bodies to bring my wife," his words are not really cold, and three young females (and a very disturbing child) with car trouble appear miraculously. at the customer's home. Why does not this ever happen to me? "I need a bunch of sexy voluptuous women to fill the empty harem!" ?? See, nothing! Anyway, the good doctor sees his fulfillment, but unfortunately? for what science is it? he develops sympathy for one of the three faces. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a bold movie that tries to earn money for the success of the movie "Re-Animator" and even angrily to steal some of the comic aspects of this classic as a cut head with a single line. It's easy to see why this movie is never mentioned anywhere, because it does not attract fans of horror and comedy clouds. The funniest character is undoubtedly Ruby, the serious female robot, who speaks loud; described by Anne Ramsey anti-cherub. 80 horror lovers will surely remind him of Wes Craven's "Deadly Friend", where he interpreted his old hag neighbor who was beheaded by a basketball. "Dr. Hackenstein" is supposed to happen in the early 1900s, but there is almost no attempt to re-create the atmosphere of that era (except perhaps for some cars). Dr. Hackenstein's lab is a fairly cliché piece of 80 years with all kinds of smoked boilers and fluorescent color tubes.
