I'm not sure why I like Dolph Lundgren. I think I saw it on the screen makes me feel that anyone who works hard can succeed regardless of talent. This is a good feeling for all of us who have no talent. Some of the other reviews highlight how detentious the detention is, but many negligence is the one that indicates the positions. <br /> <br /> Any movie in which at least an annoying teenager is killed can not be bad. Why so many movies that have a teenage distribution must always include stereotypical teenagers? Is there no other type of teenager? Each teen group has an angry black guy? A genius crazy nobody likes? A girl who is very friendly and (in this movie) is pregnant? An anti-social child altered from a broken house, which everyone agrees to, is talented (but who is the talent?). And a black kid questioned that is in agreement with the universe and so cool that all the other neurotic children trust him. Then add a pair of generic teenagers of any color. They do not say too much, but they are shot at a time. <br /> <br /> Detention would have been better if bad boys were supposed to explode. Preferably with the writers inside. The dialogue is bad, and the plot is worse. When the bad guys (and the girl) eventually kill a drug-filled van, then they sit inside the van that does. They drive the truck to school because they want to re-paint the van at the school's paint shop, but they never get the van back. By the way, it would have been easier to put all the drugs in another car or two cars or another truck or truck and leave without repainting the police car. They also never move drugs or sell or do anything else with high scores. For some reasons, they decide to kill children and teacher (Dolph Lundgren) even though when the villains take over school, nobody is aware from afar because it's after school hours. The fist of people still in school have nothing to do with painting the vehicles, why should we go after them? <br /> <br /> However, the best part of this film is that the villains are armed with numerous machine guns and continue to find adolescents (including a wheelchair guy) and continue to shoot hundreds of bullets in teens and , usually miss you. Towards the end of the movie there is bloodshed. Every time someone is shot, there must be at least three hundred missiles drawn. The waterfalls are pretty bad. <br /> <br /> I read one of the reviews that said this movie had a budget of $ 10 million, and I am amazed. When I saw the movie I imagined, Lundgren did it as a charity work for a film school where she is a teacher. Maybe this movie was their exam at the end of the year. It was a test to follow, but we have passed.
