The 1963 version of "The Haunting" has been one of my favorite horror films for years, so I anticipated the launch of this remake of 1999 with a lot of excitement. It did not seem that any pursuit could exceed or even equal the original masterpiece. Unfortunately, my worries were well founded: this movie smells. I do not know what people involved in this movie were thinking. Jan De Bont, who seemed to have had a fluke when he directed the excellent "Speed," feels so bad here (or even worse) than he did with the very satisfied "Twister" and " Speed ​​2: Cruise Control ". "Hey Jan, sit in the cinema, right?" Liam Neeson is fit in his role as a psychologist who claims to be a sleep - I do not think he is capable of turning into a really bad performance - but even he can not save a and Catherine Zeta Jones proves once again (as she did in "Entrapment") that she lacks the ability to stand above the material being handed to her. An episode from "Files X," seems lost here as Eleanor, an insomnia that walks on the edge of health. And that blond guy whoever he is is more wood than strange odd statuettes of children carved in the timber around the house (SPOILERS AHEAD) The reason why the first movie worked so well is because I was never sure whether the house was really haunted or whether it was manifest countries were the result of poor mental state of Eleanor. No spirit is seen in the original, leaving much to imagination - a distinctive sign of other great horror films like The Changeling and The Blair Witch Project. In this updated version, of course, we get tons of CGI ghosts, which basically (in front of the slim scenario / plot) make the whole movie unprotected. F / x are not that big, as they were made by ILM. Frozen breathing seems very false. The effects of the underrated movie Peter Jackson "The Frighteners," which I saw just before, were much better. The wooden sculptures of the children, which should look creepy, look bad (especially when screaming), and CGI monsters have nothing to write about at home. Rather than provide a relief of bad action, bad direction and bad writing, the effects only add to this misery of a movie. Some stupid scenes: When the other three characters enter Eleanor's bedroom, none of them seem surprised to find a giant demon walking on the bed. The scene where Eleanor "sees" the ex-lady of the house hanging from the shelves ... acting here is particularly bad. And finally, but not least, the unintentional hilarious piece in which Wood Blond Guy makes an uninspired cry about what is supposed to be angry, he greets a piece of furniture and begins to beat the painting of the old bad guy who built house. We really have a lot of satisfaction in this scene, within seconds of his attack, Blond Guy is dragged into the fireplace by the old man's ghost and immediately removes his head of lawn. It was the only part of the movie I liked. In conclusion, you stay on the original "The Haunting" of 1963. 3/10 stars.
