The way viewers react to this new "adaptation" of Shirley Jackson's book, which was promoted as NOT a remake of the 1963 original film (true), will be based on the following: those who were great fans either the book or the original film will not think too much about it ... and those who have never been exposed to anybody and who are big fans of Hollywood's current trend toward "special effects" being the first and last word in the way " well "a movie is, he will love him. Things I did not like this adaptation: <br /> <br /> 1. It was not a real adaptation of the book. From the articles I read, this film had to cover other aspects of the book that the former never did. And, it seems reasonable, no film can cover a word word for the word, if it is not the STAND! (And not even then) But in the movie there were things that have never been ever mentioned in a movie, and they have never been signaled. I recalled how they decided to kill the black in the original version of SHINING. I did not like that either. What he would have said in the press release of the film would be ... "I got the basic idea, very basic from Shirley Jackson's book, I kept the same names of the house and a few (though not all) names of the main character, but then we decided to write our own story and, what the hell, I watched CHANGELING and SHINING and GHOST first, and we decided to throw them a little too. "2. They lost completely the theme of a parapsychologist who invited a carefully chosen guest who had all the paranormal brushes in the past to investigate a house that seemed to be "born bad." No, instead, this "doctor" brought everyone into the house under the false pretense of studying their "insomnia" (he really invited them to scare them to death and then see how they responded to their fears. .. as lab rats, which he said he never was told to be part of an experiment ... great guy). This doctor, who did not have the same name, was different from the one dedicated to the original film professional as night of the day. In direct contrast to the assertion that was used to promote both films, "some homes are born poorly", this house was not born bad, but rather got bad because of what happened there ... and, once, Nel reaches the mystery (shades of CHANGE). The only problem was that the so-called mystery was so incoherently said that I'm sure it remained a mystery for most of the public ... but then there was no mystery first (not in the book) because the house it was bad to start with. She is the first "victim" to die before she gets her eyes. <br /> <br /> 4. The way in which Luke's character was portrayed was ridiculous. He should have been a born-born playboy who would inherit a house (and he was a skeptic of his "history") ... and in him he was just a living wizard who could not sleep (insomnia remember ) and was a compulsive liar. <br /> <br /> 5. I was also annoyed by the way the movie jumped from almost trying to recreate the original scenes with the word (the scene with Nel's sister's family and Ms. Dudley's little opening speech ...) to go on fantasy flights that made me think more of these movies than THE HAUNTING. It's like he could not solve what he wanted to do. 6. I missed Nel's narrative throughout the movie. The original was like a Gothic novel, in the way the story was the biggest story given to the first person, through Nel's eyes, and I was always in love with her thoughts. This unique touch was completely lost in the new version. They also tried to make Nel much more a heroine. The original Nel was not a bad person, but he was a bitter person (would it be otherwise after sacrificing 11 years of her life to an egotism old and a sister?) And he loved to die and lost his fears. This was almost too good to be true. This has never been more obvious than at the climax of the film, where the writer is obviously looking at GHOST too many times. They have changed the history of the house and are too busy. It was not Abigail Crain (Hugh's daughter whose legend was related to the original variants), there was no "companion" and there was no nursery. There was also no "Grace" (the original doctor's wife), and Hugh Crain's wives died totally different. These changes have changed the story too much. I do not know if the producers of this film should rejoice that Shirley Jackson is not going anywhere on this earth or if it should be ... SORRY (if you let go of me!) The hunts she imagined are not something I need left with.) In conclusion, allow me to leave you with some words from the original Luke (the proper replacement of the word "house" with "the movie"!): "This film" should be burned to the ground and the earth sprinkled with salt ! "My favorite film of all times is so. No competition from this.
