Somewhere in his non-fiction book DANSE MACABRE, Stephen King suggests that a secret to writing scary stories is to avoid showing your readers what horrible thing they are waiting for behind the door to bring them. If at last the door opens and a 10-meter-long bug reads, the reader may be a little frightened, but he will also think, "Well, I can handle it. At least it was not a high leg. "There is nothing more frightening than what it hides, unseen and unknown, right on the other side of the closed door waiting for you to bring in." HAUNTING is so completely wrong that director Jan De Bont more or less starts his film, Metaphorically, that door and shouting: "Look, everyone, look! It's a ten-meter bug! "The Law of Reducers is instantly returning. By the end of the movie, the director is, like so, jumping up and down, hitting his madman with CGI pots and cigarettes, screaming," Look, world, look! ten bugs raised by the leg! ... And now, come a hundred bugs! <br /> <br /> Those who made the film believed that the special effects could compensate for all the other shortcomings in this effort (and there are many). I can not and can not. In fact, as impressive as they are, the special effects are so insistent and disturbing that the distracted viewer turns his gaze - either in admiration or in annoyance - instead of being immersed in a story. For me, the stupid mind of this film comes when a statue, shining from the mouth, tries to sneak Liam Neeson (like Dr. Marrow) into a fountain. Those who did the film did not know what to do with this supposed idea once they had it, so they only did Neeson in the water, pulling his arms and making a hood. By the next scene, the good doctor seems to have dried up and, uh, he forgot everything about the annoying incident. Shirley Jackson's novel seems to have been made ridiculously in this ridiculous script by a low-level intelligence-led stoner committee, who thought the way people were scaring was to make the effect more and more powerful : "Okay, next door, let's make the ceiling look like a ghastly face and get down on it ... and all that stuff, like it, gets her in bed." HAUNTING's only saving grace is that at last becomes so terrible that it's actually funny. Until Owen Wilson (like Luke Sanderson) fell on the floor and then continued to pursue his Magic-Carpet Ride O 'Death career, I fell on the floor, laughing. , grotesquely difficult to handle, absolutely unbelievable and full of strange dialogue and unnecessary scenes, this disastrous HAUNTING is an example of a manuscript on how not to make a horror movie.
