Haunting, if you saw the original, you know a fantastic story, it's the perfection of the movie. It's a haunting story of 4 people who enter a haunted house and with a simple trick of sound and movement, frightened people. It still remains effective on this day if you appreciate the movie. So when The Haunting was remodeled in 1999, a lot of people had pretty much the same reaction "WHAT? WHAT WHAT?" But, in my opinion, if the remake is respectful enough and just wants to reinvent the story of the new generation, I'm pretty cool with that. This is certainly not the case, is it just a dull, disrespectful shame that will lose your time and guarantee that it will not give you any scare? Pfft! PG-13, where do they think? Not too obvious. When her mother dies and her sister is evicted, Nell receives a phone call, telling him about an ad for an insomnia study led by Doctor David Marrow at Hill House, a secluded mansion. Upon arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of caregivers who do not remain in the property after dark. Shortly afterwards, two other study participants, Theo Wild and the "Bad Bedroom" Luke Sanderson and Doctor Marrow arrive. Unknown to the participants, Dr. Marrow's real goal is to study the psychological response to fear. Every night the caretakers launch the gate in front of the Hill House, preventing anyone from going in or out until the morning when the caretakers open the lock. There are no working phones inside Hill House, and the nearest town is a few miles away. Doctor Marrow entertains the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built the house for his wife, hoping to fill it with a large family of children, yet all of Crain's children died during childbirth. Crain's wife committed suicide before the house ended and Crain became a refuge. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena inside the house, including strange noises and inexplicable temperature changes. Nell faces after the main lobby is vandalized with the words "Welcome Home, Eleanor" and becomes extremely distracted, proving that the house is haunted by the souls of the victims of Crain's cruelty. He learns that Crain has built his fortune by exploiting kidnapped children for slave labor and killing them when they no longer serve him. Then he burned the bodies in the fireplace to hide any evidence. She also teaches that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn, about which Nell is descended. Everyone thinks she's crazy, while Nell is convinced that this is where she belongs. Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and useless. Not to mention the actress that played Nell, Lily Taylor completely annoyed me, her performance, her look, everything about her, do not make me start with things I would just do not see it in movie. Catherine Zeta Jones just did not fit into her role, and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, was once again thrilled with the talent. The effects are far above the top and too computerized, I can not believe it would destroy a wonderful classic with this cruel. Believe me, if you're afraid of something, you're afraid to see how you can turn a ghostly story into an annoying piece of upset. Oh, this movie is already hurting me, you just do not see it, it's bad. 1/10
