For anyone who has seen and fell in love with the CHORUS LINE musical scene, the film is a hurt substitute. Not only are the songs down, but unnecessary plot shuffles, new dance choreographies have been added, and, to deal with it, Richard Attenborough does not know how to make a dancer. On stage, BANANA CHORUS LINE was just: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. There were two hours of realism in front of you that made you feel for these "boys" and "girls." The film, however, does not have empathy and depth: the actors show that hearing is heard for a CHORUS line, rather than for an audition. Every movement, every dialogue line seems to be so weighted and planned; Michael Douglas, especially because Zach is too in control to think he is this extraordinary bitchy choreographer. Even when casting contempt of temper, you never believe it, because every gesture, every accentuated word, every hue is so obviously repeated. And for him he does not dance: Kevin Kline heard about Zach's role on Broadway. Michael Bennett liked reading, but Kline could not dance and eventually lost his role. How do I want to do the same for Douglas! A CHORUS line is supposed to be a show about nobodies and, apart from a few recognized faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, like Sheila and Khandi Alexander from NewsRadio TV as one of many audience dancers) none of these men ought to know. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and his reward instead of girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> It is truly unfortunate that the best sequence in the show (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is drastically cut to make room for a terrible new song entitled Surprise, Surprise surprisingly received an Oscar nomination. Cassie's "Dance of the Mirror" has a new song and a boring tragic choreography - wonders why they bothered to film a cinematic version at all if they wanted to lose such a formula. the musical theater and those who enjoy the scenic version, this film is a sad mockery of everything they have cherished and loved. For those who have never seen the original production either on Broadway or on the tour, this movie is the only reference to which they will have to go. And they will have to wonder how it has become the longest musical in Broadway history - until a little performance called CATS surprised it in the late 1990s. But that's a different story and you do not even put me there.
