The Broadway musical, "A Chorus Line" is undoubtedly the best musical in the theater. These are the experiences of people who live for dancing; the joy they experience and the sacrifices they make. Every dancer is heard for pieces in a line of Broadway choirs, but what comes out of each of them is stories about how their life has made them find the dance as a rest. The movie version, however, does not surprise any passion or beauty of the stage show and is probably the most serious adaptation of a Broadway musical because it is lifeless and devoid of any affection for dancing, somehow. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake was made in the job of Sir Richard Attenborough, whose direction offered only the right touch and pacing for "Gandhi." Why would someone in his mind ask an epic director to steer a musical that takes place in a rather small place? Which brings us to the next problem. "A Chorus Line" takes place on stage in a theater without real sets and limited costumes. It's the brightest of Broadway music, and its simplicity was glory. However, this does not translate well to the movie, and no one thought it would do it. For this reason, the film should have taken us into the lives of these dancers, and we should have left the theater and the audition process. The singers could have offered their songs in other environments and even retrospectively at their first ballet, jazz or taproom class. Heck, they could have danced Broadway in their lively imagination. However, no imagination came into making this film, because Attenborough's complete indifference to dance and the show itself is evident in its directionless direction. Many scenes are strange as the dancers tell the story to the director (Michael Douglas) whether or not he wants to hear them. Douglas's character is capricious about the choice of which extends his sympathetic ear and has no patience. <br /> <br /> While directors pretended to be correct with the nature of the play, some heretical changes were made. The very nice "Hello Thirteen, Hello Love" - ​​a number that brought the dancers to adolescence - was removed and replaced with the terrible "Surprise," a song so bad that an Oscar was nominated. Adding insult to the wound, "Surprise" repeated the same story as "Hello, love", but without spirit or pathos. There is no reason to watch this movie if you do not want a lesson in what NOT to do when you transfer a Broadway show to the movie. If you want to see a movie version of this show, the closest thing is Bob Fosse's brightest movie, "All That Jazz". While Fosse's daughter is in A Chorus Line, he is Fosse who should have been involved as a director. He would have known what to do with this material, which deserves much greater respect than this sad effort.
