I'm not a screenwriter purist. A movie could have been made out of this piece and would almost necessarily have to be changed ... comme, but like. But the modest conceits of this material are lost or misunderstood by the creators of the film, who are in a complete "blockbuster" way. It would be hard to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could have destroyed this thing just as Attenborough did. On stage A line of choirs was a triumph of the workshop as a production method. The dancers responding to a casting call wake up around their career experiences (about 70 years!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, handed him a song and threw them like themselves. ...amazing! Incredibly modern. The "story" ACL is (in turn) about responding to a distribution call for a piece we never see, because the game does not matter. It was met before the idea was invented 25 years before Adaptation with a similar idea. ACL has also been another in a reductivist trend that is still alive, and which is a distinctive sign of modern creativity: the technique itself is convincing ... that there is more drama in the life of an average person than you could ever synthesize with invented characters. What a good idea. The stage game had a performance area (an empty stage) and three different ways to change the background to mitigate the visual tediousness in order not to prevent the spectators from being distracted. Space is withdrawn and actors' stories are being watched. It worked very well. That was the point. All of these ideas are torn or bastarded. Normally, there was neither one nor costumes until the dancers came out in their final bow, in which, finally, the "One", fiery, was executed with power in the hats and the top queues we recognize because I watched them in practical sessions. The pedestrian anxiety of the play is released - and audiences have become unpleasant. <br /> <br /> After Grampa manhandles this, it is like a mushed bird, strangled. He clearly has in mind what Jazz (and the stage piece of Fosse Dancin) respects earlier, as he makes his choices. Hamlisch's score was great and interesting for his time, but time was not good for him. It is as schmaltzy as "jazz hands". And this before Attenborough ever touched her. It's remarkable to find out what's left and get tangled up. A simple question would have helped Attenborough while filming this: "Can you even stand for a few minutes with people like this?" A major problem for any adaptation of the play is how the 4th theater wall (pivot of its absence in the theater) will be approached in the movie format. There has never been a more "frontal" piece. The answer they came to was: "I'm sorry ... what was the question?" The distribution was magnified by a great number of unique narratives, in a crowd that choked between themselves and the audience and mixed them together. I've gone a long way over my annoyance threshold when that little annoying loser rolls on stage on a rope, clowning to the audience (absent). The play made you understand the people in the theater. This movie just makes you want to blow them up. Perhaps Broadways's annoying trend of characters going directly to the stage center and singing their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon), instead of referring to other characters started here. But the worst imaginable revival of the play will make you feel more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> A line of choirs is pure schlod.
