On Broadway, a line of choirs was pure magic. From the second open show with a spectacular energy explosion to the really big end, a pleasant call to the tent from all the members of the choir we grew to love during the show, we were totally engaged - captivated by personal stories intense, some funny, some smart, some shaken, this line of chorus. The film is another matter entirely. The focus is now on the director - and what's worse! Every time the film moves to Michael Douglas, he has a bitter and sour expression, asking questions and orders, screaming and shouting whenever he gets the chance. Hopa !! That changes the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was indeed an overwhelming presence behind the scenes, but he was also a kind of theatrical device to allow stories of these amazing members of the strong / fragile / intriguing / hilarious choir to be told with understanding and clarity . There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! And in one of the moments when the director appears, he is there to caress the young Puerto Rican dancer after hearing the story of the dancer's heart. He appears again to express his genuine affection / concern for Cassie. But in the film, director Douglas starts to make bitter orders, the stories of the choir members become secondary. It's as if it were in a bad profession, in which a crazy director, instead of showing the joy of creating a new theater performance, is outraged, exhausted, angry that he has to hear these members of the choir. On the stage, it was always the enthusiasm of the show. Here, in the film, practically from the word "Go", you are sorry for all those involved. During the musical, we desperately wanted each of these members of the choir and how happy we would have been if we had all the work! But, of course, it could not happen. But in the Finale, when all of us have returned in glorious costume with those bright mirrors on the stage, sometimes reflecting in audience, in our hearts, and we know, and in the hearts of all those members of the choir, both those accepted and the reluctant, they were on stage dancing forever in a profession they love so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the film, after all the story lines shifted and the accent, this magic becomes completely diluted. Everything we feel (even with the same appeal to the curtain) is that some of their members had a job with a director with a frightening spirit. So everyone comes to the screen and dances again. Great work.
