For those who have never seen A CHORUS LINE on stage and their only exposure to the story was this movie, this movie is OK as a musical film, nothing special, just OK. I have seen the show on Broadway 4 times and even made an audition for a show tour company once and for someone who has pretty much memorized the original production, the version of the 1985 movie is so terrifying on so many levels that I do not even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never been auditioned for a theater production, let me assure you that IRL when you attend an audition for a play, the director, producer and choreographer never ask questions personally and do not give a carp about what you wanted to become an interpreter. A true theatrical audience, whether it be a play or a musical, seldom takes more than five minutes. If you attend an audition as a dancer, you will be shown a 64-ball dance combination at a time, do it and then decide immediately whether you are in or out. Michael Bennett's original concept of the show was to bring out the life of dancers and to present the uninvited passion to play and why so many sacrifices so much for so little. The song is about these dancers. First of all, director Richard Attenborough has put so much attention from the dancers to strengthen the Cassie / Zach relationship and to chase Michael Douglas as Zach. The piece never see him ... Zach is just a voice behind the theater and his relationship with Cassie is just set in motion. Cassie showed up in the traffic booth trying to get to the audition, and upstairs, talking to Larry (a character not in the game), was added for the movie and kept so much attention to the story. Major musical numbers have been cut or rethought. The opening number in "I Hope to Receive" shows all dancers making a combination of jazz and ballet, and then people will be eliminated. In the film, they maddened three hundred dancers on stage and showed them in detail to hide the fact that they threw people into a movie that can not dance (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love," a brilliant voice exploration of the icteric memories of the children in these dances was redesigned as "Surprise, Surprise," a Gregg Burge vehicle as Richie. The most famous song of the show, "What I Did for Love" that the show was an allegory touching sung by the whole caste of what they give to dance, becomes just another love song standard film, played tired by an Allyson Reed like Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is boring and non-imaginative and does not have a candle at Michael Bennett's original scenography, and when making a movie about dancers, choreography needs to be special. There are some good dancers in the film, Gregg Burge above that Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but not given the opportunity to show what I can do, but Audrey Landers, who can barely walk and chew gum At the same time, he is given one of the best numbers of the show, "Dance 10, Looks 3". I recognize that the end of "One" is dazzling, but have to wait almost two hours for it. I would say that if you saw him on stage on stage A CHORUS LINE, this film could be an issue but if you are a devotee of original music from Broadway ... be afraid ... be very afraid.
