*** THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILER (S) *** I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in other ways. He also has his own fan site with "Chuck Norris Facts," which is really fun. But this film looks like someone jokes with the audience, putting all these "facts" into a movie. I really do not remember when I wasted my time more than this "action". I do not know what the worst film this movie can offer: the terrorist plot that tried to destroy the US through nuclear traffic on US territory, or perhaps the "great" dialogues and Words of Wisdom about life and everything else. Someone can find the worst that terrorists speak English in everyday life. It's a shit list that never ends. Not to mention a huge amount of archive film used in the film, which is quite annoying. The chief terrorist sends the message to his comrades through the media when he is captured and the only guy who is smart enough to see the treatment is: Chuck Norris, of course. No one else in America is smart enough to see that! And the whole action in capturing the boss is just ridiculous. A man is sent to go into a whole terrorist camp, neglected (mind, have a NUNTA), escape stalkers with JET PACK and then slip several hundreds, maybe even thousands of miles to the nearest shore (the border with Afghanistan is 450 km away from the nearest shore), where it is rescued by submarines. We hoped at least the fight with the scenes would be good, but that's even more fun than the plot. If you do not know, 85% of the terrorists are masters of martial arts, but Chuck and CO have beaten them. Not only do they kill them easily, they can throw them and throw them in one movement, and the bad guys fly a few meters like dolls. Can you ask me if I watch the film all the way? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see who, of these two superheroes, would defuse the hundreds of megatons and the size of a MICROWAVE. And then I realized what a crazy I am. Of course, Chuck's movie is after all. And not only does it defuse him alone with tweezers, but he does it - two! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I'd spend my life alive. So the producers of this film have made another fact Chuck Norris added on his website: Can Chuck Norris defuse the nuclear bomb? Yes, he can do it twice too!
