Oh, man. If you want to offer your Crow T. Robot a real workout, this is the movie that will appear on the VCR. The potential for cutting lines in this movie is just endless. <br /> <br /> (Minor spores in front, Hey, do you care if a movie of this quality is "spoiled?") Traci is a girl with a problem. Psychology has developed names for this when a child develops a sexual blow on the opposite sex parent. But this girl seems to have one for the same sex and I do not think there is a deadline for that. It might be because her mother Dana is interpreted by Rosanna Arquette, whose sweet love, neo-floral sexuality and pretty figure make me forgive a number of bad movies or unimaginable characters. Here Dana is not only clueless of her daughter's behavior; she seems to compete for the gold medal at the Mummy Olympics Congratulatory Contest. <br /> <br /> Dana may miss Traci's track, because the truth is said, Traci seems to have the criminal abilities of a hamster. Just because the script dictates that it will be able to remove any number of frames. A particularly hilarious note in this film is the character Carmen, a Mexican maid described by Dana, who has been around for so long as one of the family, although he is dressed in what the director says: "I just fell from Guadalajara tomato truck ". Carmen is so wise in Traci's arrangement, he might also have a sign saying, "Hey, I'm the next victim!" Sure enough, Traci faces Carmen as Carmen returns from Mass and knocks one of those slightly angled angles that car makers put near the reserve as a bad joke. Rather, I suspect that, in real life, those things are just as useless as a crime weapon, like changing a tire. In another sequence, Arquette wears a delicious dress in a vineyard under the cloudy sky, talking to the owner. Cut it in another thin dress, under the sunny sky, talking to the owner's brother. Then she cut her by wearing her first dress in the first place under the cloudy sky - but it should be later. You have the picture. We're talking about a very bad direction. As for the skin, do not expect too much, though Traci has a beautiful bikini couple. <br /> <br /> For those looking for garbage, 8. For anyone else, 1/2.
