Everyone in this movie tells Raffy Carruthers how talented he is, what great director he'll be doing one day, etc. I think I'm just beautiful. Even Kimble Rendall, who directed this film, shows more talent than she. "Next Jane Champion", they call it; and, aside from the fact that both are overstated, the two have much in common. Both directs movies. They're women. They're both Australians. (Well, yes or yes.) Yes: It's one of those movies where a character is considered to be brilliant and we just have to swallow hard and accept it. But I'm going to say this to Carruthers: That's nice. - And fascinating. Not realy. Here are some thoughts about the lack of talent: (1) A part of the talent of a director is in the relationship with the people. Why is Carruthers so phenomenally bad to make the crew take even the observation? To make it easier for everyone to get out of the set and get killed, I expect. (2) Why is this one of the most unconvincing images in a set of movies I've ever seen? After all, you must have been shot on a set of REAL movies. How could they be wrong? If Rendall has been a half more than a sub-employee stranger is a miracle he completed his movie at all. (3) Carruthers - the fictional director - has set the task of creating a brand new Horror fugue of 1980. Chances of fat. I doubt it can be done these days. I suspect that Rendall - the real and talented director - has set the same task, realized he could not do it, and settled for (sighing) knowing the parody instead. Of course, it's not a parody that works like a parody. As soon as the cast and the crew have put their foot in the isolated mansion, the film spends most of the time doing what the horror movies of the 1980s did ... well, less bad. (4) Still, however, the film opens not with a parody, but with an honest passion for the horror of the 1980s, in which it plays (too good to be true) Molly Ringwald. This pastiche is much better than anything else. (It's a bad sign when you find yourself wanting to see the film in the movie rather than the movie.) However, he was also filmed in the late 1990s. Perhaps it is still possible to make horror in the 1980s. give up parody things knowing and thinking about it. (5) I would never have wondered how it would be the teenage horror of the 1980s, if all the characters had Australian accents, but now I know. And strange, I'm glad I know. A need I did not know that I was fulfilled.
