I have to admit that I laughed a few times during this trivial holiday film in 2004, but it's already moving from my short-term memory. In a career that slips fast enough to the obscurity of the tabloids, Ben Affleck, once a promising comic character actor who entered the Hollywood advertising car to recreate a romantic man. Judging from this film, the transformation does not seem to be taken, because it still lacks gravitas that would make it credible in such parts. While his friend Matt Damon takes smart roles in films like "Syriana," Affleck appears in this type of commercial pope. At least the superficial character of successful advertising director Drew Latham is better for Affleck than most of the other roles he has tried. Directed by Mike Mitchell (1999's most famous film is "Deuce Bigelow: Male Gigolo") and scripted by not less than four scriptwriters (always a bad sign), thin plot revolves around his character's need to "hire" a family living in his childhood home to live his fantasy of having the old Christmas he never had. The concept is actually interesting because there is something to say about the cathartic liberation of sentimentality that we are all entitled to feel in the midst of commercial liberalism. The real problem, however, is that the movie feels like an extended sketch without a logic or genuine emotional resonance. Affleck seems to be in the struggle to desperately try to be loving, but the net result is a tedious turn of an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing silly people in poorly designed films. Fortunately, he likes James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara to play Valcos, who decides to accept Drew's offer of claiming to be his parents. Gandolfini interprets Tom as a gruff, - a violent relative of Tony Soprano, but he does everything in his power. From his classic SCTV days to Christopher Guest's mock-up, O'Hara is always a comic gem, regardless of the vehicle, and no doubt she wins the best laugh as Christine Christine's wife, whether she delivers dry lining or posing for a dominatrix photo film. As her standard screen role becomes, Christina Applegate plays their distraught daughter, Alicia, who, of course, becomes the interest of Drew's love. In spite of some good moments when he enjoys Drew's sister's cheating to play with his girlfriend's family, her character seems to change into lightning, making it hard to see what Drew would see in her. The story rotates completely out of control by the last third, with a controversial situation loaded over the other until the plot thread is tied together in a short order. It was rumored that much of the movie was improvised because there was no finished filming scenario. Look, but I have to admit I was staying with him to the bitter end.
