I have the feeling that those involved in making "Surviving Christmas" did not pay too much attention to the film. The characters are so incoherent and the plot makes little sense that the film played as a rough sketch of a scenario thrown together with a little concept but with one guy, a rich guy who was paying a family to let him spend Christmas with them. /> <br /> Ben Affleck portrays Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood image of a wealthy selfish, wealthy, publicity advertising builder. His girlfriend, Missy, leaves him shortly before Christmas, because it's disgusting that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which she calls the "family feast," and the fact that Drew never introduced her his family. Later, we find that Drew's father left at the age of four, and his mother died, so it's a mystery why he just does not have a family rather than allow his girlfriend to think he's not worried about his family. For fear of being alone on Christmas, Drew follows Missy's psychiatrist (why I do not have an idea) who suggests doing a ritual of forgiveness in his childhood home. When he meets the family living in his childhood home, Valcos, Drew offers him $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family so he can bring back his wonderful memories of childhood. He becomes angry when he later learns that he has an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he "does not have a sister" and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow her so that they act more much like his "real" family. Nothing makes no sense when Drew reveals that he grew up without a family but with his mother. Also, it is inexplicable the character of Alicia, who is annoyed that her family has accepted Drew's money and refuses to play with his fantasy. But for no good reason, she suddenly starts to like Drew and, in a matter of minutes, goes from to hate the courage to behave like his girlfriend. Drew is such a bastard throughout the movie that even his sad story about single childhood in his childhood does not evoke any sympathy; I almost wanted to end up with: "I was kidding, the real reason I do not see my family is that everyone has a restraining order against me!" (2/10)
