There is a wonderful time in * Surviving Christmas *, which is almost worth the pain: James Gandolfini creates a shovel over Ben Affleck's stupid head. This film serves yet another unfortunate example by James Gandolfini proving a great actor he is, while simultaneously wasting his career to act in this film. A young and rich ad exec, Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was instigated to think he should never be alone on Christmas. (And there, from the outset, is the issue behind the suspension of mistrust in this idiotic film: how many Drew's social status in 2004 really cared in one way or the other if Christmas is spent alone or half a family or a fifty-dollar prostitute?) Story finds out that Drew buys a family to spend Christmas, provided he claims to be his, ignoring insensibly all the indications that his money did not buy emotions on who is looking for them. For $ 250,000, Tom Valco (James Gandolfini) and his despondent wife, Christine (Catherine O'Hara), agree to be Drew's ad-hoc family, against their son protests, Brian (a very unique Josh Zuckerman) and daughter, Alicia (a very concentrated Christina Applegate). Drew then spends the rest of the film recognizing his youth reunion or something. The messages in this movie are as twisted and illogical as their soul story. Terrified of open pseudos, Drew scratches a false smile on his face and remains blindly in denial against any denigration that he is supposed to buy the Valco family to avoid. What makes the question: If Drew pays people to regain some emotional family feeling full of joy, how psychotic is it to be to claim happiness among their beards and mental pain to his presence? It is not the case of the Valco family to conceal their true feelings and claim to be happy while they are around Drew - three of the four members make it clear that they despise him. Is he so unfamiliar that he does not see that his money does not buy him in the "family" atmosphere he was embedded in believing it was a first-class truth? As with all these films, he wonders how * four screenwriters could become so confused in their own narcissistic dreams of appearing in a sequence of credits that will overlook any appearance of plausibility or intelligence. Director Mike Mitchell, who was responsible for * Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo * - stops right there. "Nuff said," Gandolfini and O'Hara are somehow shining, demonstrating their voice in this mess. "Christina Applegate is full of witches, gentle and frightening, in all the right places, squeezing Drew tightly in small casing strips for most of the film, then face up and in love with him because the screenplay tells him. And I would not go so far as to say that Affleck is a bad actor, but John Schneider looks better over your shoulder. There is a whole new level of desperately looking talent in the city.
