In spite of the overwhelming cult that followed for this sad documentary, I must admit that we have cordially kidnapped the film that hit our party as a difficult piece of play than informative. That being said, after seeing the spectacular music in this scene, one can appreciate what the film would be in safer hands. Some suspects that many of us who have actively suffered through the film may have enjoyed the pleasure of the camp, their cruel fans were destroyed by the inconvenient suspicion that too many of we - or those we know - or two away from the deplorable situation of the two crazy women described who live and contribute to a misery, seem to be unable to control or escape. The film leaves the viewer desperately wondering how someone might have slipped to this level of degradation and, unlike the musical ones, does not offer clues or warning explanations, just a horrible show of humor or understanding. <br /> <br /> This soul that crushes the soul of the film makes the realization of the scenic version (we hope it is finally filmed for the cable) is all the more remarkable. Act II is faithful in almost all the details of the film in question, but strangely, establishing the sad situation of prisoners in music, raises human tragedy in art. More importantly, this act is preceded by a fine Act I in which we meet women before their decades of mutually active madness and they are offered suggestions about how their pure purgatory has appeared. In short, everything that's missing the FILM. To the credits of the movie (or their successors), the excellent release of the DVD Criterion DVD includes extracts and extras that partially rediscover the main movie - behind the scenes, photos, interviews and comments - filling in some of the blank spots that the original edition decided consciously to omit them on his journey for horror and depressed disorder. I can not make the amateur movie satisfying itself, but at least make it easier to understand. Ultimately, however, it is only a remarkable piece of theater inspired and extracted from it by the book writer Doug Wright, the composer Scott Frankel and the lyrics of Michael Korie, which raises the original GREEN GARDENS rating over one (generous).
