I think this movie has been somewhat overrated here. There are a few things to be admired; for one thing worth crediting to be a science fiction movie (ish) that relies on its story instead of special effects and action sequences to wear the day. The supportive aspect is good, the design and the cinema are good, and the ideas are quite interesting (though they seem a little tired after the number of Dark City / Memento / Fight Club's mediocre clones in recent years). The film, however, is dismantled by a poor characterization of wood performances from the main actors and a bad bad ending. The main problem I had was that the protagonist was never enjoyable and can not be moved. I realize that part of the story dictates that it should be a bit of a cipher (wait ...), but I was not totally capable of doing any empathy for a character who seemed just a boring man. What character transformation exists for this sad sac is artificially forced by the plot. The main actor, Jeremy Northam, manages to convince the protagonist is confused and unhappy, but fails to inspire any sympathy for him. Unlike him, Lucy Liu does what he can with a character who does not have a real personality of his own, unless it is the embodiment of a spy-film of cliché counts as personality. One of the greatest disappointments of this movie is the end. I will not give a spoiler here, but I will say that a surprise turn at the end was telegraphed quite clearly at least 45 minutes before it happened. Moreover, after being content to be a quirky, first-time or something-oriented movie, the latest scenes create suddenly and terribly in the worst kind of Hollywood pope, complete with large explosions and special effects . The release of McGuffin's film at the end is not well done and, finally, the characters seem to be even less pleasant than they did before some of the main threads of the film plot were resolved. The film is not all bad, though. It manages to maintain a certain low level of tension in most cases, despite the slow pace (although I think I have a higher tolerance than the average for slow-moving movies). And there are a few moments when the unloved paranoid feeling that director Vincenzo Natali clearly attempts to evoke is rising to the surface. But, ultimately, these elements are not enough to overcome the flaws in the movie's acting and scenario. There is probably a good film that covers the same themes and ideas, but that's not.
