Let me start by saying that I usually like Renny Harlin's director style for the most part and that the cinema should be praised for some photos. Unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2" I liked, there's something missing from this movie. That, my friends, is a scenario. Dialogue in movies like this is always pretty awful, but it takes the gold medal for silly. There are so many terrible lines in this movie, I do not even want to remember any of them. Not only is the execution of the lines pathetic and seems more suitable for a bad pornographic film than for an action adventure. It's almost as if Harlin thought that if he slowed down the words, he could improve the script. Wrong again. The sad part is that there are talented actors cast in bad roles with a worse dialogue. Stallone has never been a favorite of me, but when he acts around Lithgow, Turner and the worst of the Rooker group, there is something wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best villains in Ricochet, but he meets like someone who can not act to save his life here. How is it possible? I have always been a great fan of him and he has been taught to act by Stallone, who himself has called in the show. Turner is so small and unnecessary, but still manages to appear lost on the screen. Michael Rooker can act. I know this because I saw him in the Thunder Days, but he seems to READ his lines in the game cards. Has he reached this? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together where they talked, we only wanted to finish the movie right there, or find both of them find amazing the ability to act. Unfortunately, none of these things happened. Which brings me back to Harlin, who may be the only one to blame for this misery other than the scriptwriters. It's his fault that I've never been attracted to this movie, because he should have made people act. The script is not very good, but the performance of the actors is what destroys this movie and it must be the director. I do not care how much was paid for the special effects, which are mostly good, you can not sacrifice the movie with terrible actors. <br /> <br /> Plus, the stimulation of this movie seems to be stopped. The opening sequence was good and the aircraft scene was very well done, but how should you take care of the outcome of the thievery. I mean, I understood that they were trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles on the plane scene, but I did not care if they got the money or not in that scene. If the bad guy had won early, maybe I should not have witnessed one of the worst movies ever!
