Good. Who was? Who gave Revolver 10 out of 10? You're blocking your head on extraction pipes? There were so many of you. You did it for a bold? Is it a kind of cult? Was Guy Richie himself enrolled 788 times under different names? Before I say anything else, I'll say that. Just because you do not understand a movie does not mean it's not great. Maybe you had a bad day at work or you sat down to see a movie after you had a string with your wife and then you did not have the mood of mood. Perhaps there is a more fundamental stumbling block - as if you do not have the mental capacity or a developed philosophical sense strong enough to engage with it. BUT. And that's very, very big, but. MEGA XXL elephant sizes, but to finish all the dumplings. PLEASE do not confuse the incoherence for complexity and please do not confuse this two non-squirter hours for an exciting movie. Really. You might think you're smart enough. You could even think of yourself as a romantic figure: an independent thinker who supports a masterpiece against a sheep hunting choir. Please no. You feel embarrassed. <br /> <br /> The revolver is a waste of time for everyone. If you've been thinking about it for a few minutes, you'll recognize her too. It was a waste of casting, a loss of crew, a waste of catering companies, and certainly a waste of precious minutes (you can not bring them back, you know) of someone unlucky enough to be able to stand by this awesome misery . Do not wait, there comes a voice in the dark. "You just do not understand, not LINEAR. That means the story does not go into a STRAIGHT line. This is actually the COMPLEX and SUBTLE work of an AUTHOR. It addresses difficult questions EXISTENTIALLY, and anyway - CLUB, when it first came out I hate to disappoint you, but I'm a big fan of Lynch. I rather like Reminder, so a story of I do not like Revolver for these reasons, I do not like it, I do not like it, I do not like it, I do not like it, because it's supposed to be heavy issues with big minds, but they deal with them so insultingly superficial that it's ridiculous. I'm not a chess player, but Richie's idea of ​​how it works chess seems to be 4 years old. I do not like it, because per the singles, without exception, completely alienated me. "Aha!" shouted Richie. "Guy cleverly raises Brecht's hat!" Maybe you're right. I think it's more likely he can not write a decent script for the caramel. Comparing the Revolver with the Wrestling Club is really really instructive. The battle club has a dialogue with some devils that makes you laugh. The revolver has an old fortune cookie that rejects tools that make bleeding ears. The Battle Club has a great turn that makes you resolve everything that's happened. The revolver has, as far as I can say, some incomprehensible twists and turns that are not satisfying because ... well, they do not make sense. If you continue to pull the rug out of the people, they'll get you out of the house. Then it blocks all doors and windows. And they never let you in. It was. Guy Richie seems to assume that philosophy involves repeating a mantra of small phrases. Most of the time they talk, but most of the times they turn on the screen with tasks. It's almost pathological. <br /> <br /> But what makes this remarkable movie is how something so incomprehensible can be married so beautiful with all the cliché cliché clichés in the world. Finally so inconsistent. You do not care about anything. You do not understand anything. Go home. In fact, it was a bit I really liked: the assassin who has a crisis of confidence. He's great. But I can not recommend you see the movie just to see it. He's just in her for a few minutes. Please believe me. It's horrible.
