It was the belief that the world does not exist ... This is a line that is probably remembered by a lot of people. It's from the usual Suspects, of course, in terms of Kaiser Gold .. I mean Sose .. I have another such: -The worst trick, a director shot ever tried to convince an audience he actually had a story - This movie is one of the saddest pieces of film making I have seen in a long time. It starts so well, with truly fantastic cinema, an excellent acting and a very smart premise. But unfortunately, the only way this film is heading is a self-destruction course. And not so, not with a single shot, but with some huge hand cuts. Do not pay attention to the comments here, which move from finding a way to explain this cocoon. With enough drink in my brain I would probably be able to explain the very existence of humanity to a very plausible degree. I've seen and read about a dozen completely different ways that people explained the story. And they range from a story totally in the head of one, playing chess with himself, in a cunning manner for a killer to play his enemies by means like chess games. And that swells with joy. But, at the same time, it is a painful dedication that there is something wrong with this story. And, besides, it's a blunt shot of a score of movies and books like "Fight Club, Kill Bill, Casino, Common Suspects, Snatch, Magnolia, and Shachnovelle." /> <br /> What is finally happening in this movie is that the story revolves like a beating in speed. If this movie is a roller coaster ride, you would have crashed your attraction near him short after takeoff. There are so many twists in this movie that will never be solved, as if it were a cocktail, you would need a lifestyle of hurl-cups to work on nausea after drinking Nothing is ever explained, and when you finally understand the direction you think happens, you'll be fired in another. I think this story was not going anywhere on paper, and Ritchy must have thought it was wonderful to make a movie out of it anyway , being the next David Lynch or something like that, 1/10 f or totally violate your work (Ritchy: seek professional help). What could easily have been a precious stone would become a controversial artistic piece of food for pseudo intellectuals who would debate the afternoon debate clubs. <br /> <br /> Enjoy your soul and stomach, avoid at all costs!
