After seeing "Driven" on an airplane flight in America, three years ago I really thought I saw the worst movie ever created and I could safely relax in the knowledge I would not have never suffered in front of a screen. Unfortunately, as we found out last night, it was not the case. The revolver is so monstrous, I'm actually thinking about recommending my friends to go and see it, so I do not feel like I'm the only stupid enough to be condemned to see that. It is really amazing how much this film falls completely on the face with the constant and I mean there is an expression of the CONSTANT voice of the main characters with totally inertial pretentious nonsense! Actually, I was angry at the cinema, listening to Andre Benjamin, no doubt, taking revenge for what seemed to be half of the film, thinking all the time - what would the Turks have done with this total gangster / con man, no matter what he should have been, when he made his "offer"? I'll tell you what. He should have told him to throw his head away and look completely contemptuous, because his equally ineffective partner was as fast as his little feet were wearing. I want to say what should we think Jake goes through when he gives him the "solution" of his problem? They are connoisseurs, so they must also have the ability to cure incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. He does not begin to wonder why his symptoms do not get worse? It does not drop the penny on the third day that happens instead of Richie oblige the audience to a painful phone call from Avi to Jake to tell her that she was conned. Anyway, I can add a little positive note to the movie, going to dry humor if it fortunately offers a standard similar to its previous movies. tauri ** t! This movie does not try anything as smart as redemption through some fun funny lines well, oh no. Has somehow managed to be so disastrously dysfunctional, did not I really hear as much as a titrant from a complete cinema? and anyone who knows the Sheffield UGC knows how big a screen can be and not a person so much that she smiled. Perhaps he never wanted the movie to be funny, and fair enough that you can still make good gangster movies without comedy, but what would he plan to hang on this movie? Unnecessary terrible land! I honestly do not hope! <br /> <br /> By far the most satisfying moment we went through last night, hearing the very tone coming from all directions of the audience that everyone would desperately pray for the film to end. It was also very funny to forget how soon the patrons fought and fought for the exits after they realized that it was over and they were released from their torment! I'm done, writing this makes me upset again) by drafting the "end". I mean sh ** t! The end ... no, I'm sorry I can not, you just have to go and see it. It can not be put into words, it just can not, and after you've seen it, you'll know why. Uuhhhhh ?? agitated?
