"52 Pick Up" just does not work. See if you are interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer or somebody in the extraordinary movie, especially by John Glover, who is also brilliant. But the book - a slow-burning thriller with a lot of pulp - should have turned into an Oscar-winning film instead of this bully who could not figure out whether he should present with loyalty the crime story of the book or opts for a Schwarzenegger syndrome in the 1980s. Changing the scene from the original location in the book in Detroit (an area where Leonard has lived for years and knows very well) in Los Angeles makes it a real problem to fix Leonard in his screenplay, but ultimately may be. It was, for example, a clever device that made Mitchell's wife a city counselor (he did not have a job in the book) if you think about it: that's the only way you can cheat someone in a city crazy as the '80 Los Angeles for adultery, or any kind of potential sexual scandal. Even then, it is more plausible in a more conservative state of Michigan to believe that a) its small "porn" industries are an unpleasant hell that overthrows the money in which three losers could desperately set up - a class guy who is going through a middle-life crisis, and b) just adultery may be something to surprise someone with, if careers and old-fashioned women can not cope with the shock. As Ron Jeremy consultant, Los Angeles' 80s were a colorful and stylish dove, Mecca, more like Boogie Nights, than the dark and shadowy buses, dirty apartments and traffic Leonard's drug. Again, Los Angeles could be the backdrop of such a story if someone arranged the landscape more carefully - there are still a lot of dark and psychic grooms there. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell appears in the film as a sexy Uebermensch, handsome dancing through his problems, without even making a sweat. In the book she was running from a union official while struggling with a failed business. Also during the war, he had a skeleton in the cabinet, involving a friendly fire for which he was responsible, but he never seemed to be able to handle it. Elmore Leonard's stories usually have a central image that involves a bizarre civilization between the criminal and law enforcement. Here, Harry Mitchell sitting in his blackmail office, Alan Raimy, turning his financial books to him and negotiating a more practical redemption, makes such a central picture. Glover's blackmail plays the scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider describes the victim here as a "good guy", responsible for the situation as if it were more of a Rambo with an M-16 than all those who are barely on the fly , around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the most serious conclusions of the game, taking into account all the thought that entered the original story and then into the movie. Raimy's capture of Mitchell's jaguar and his breath of melodious tape music with a sadistic monologue by Mitchell play an audience who wants to conclude the "sweet revenge" of a Chuck Norris film, not the intelligent balanced world of Leonard's book, where Mitchell and finally the conflict between good and evil can easily go in any way. I let the theater scratch my head and be depressed. What a loss of talent.
