David Chase's "Sopranos" is probably the most appreciated television show in recent memory. Not only is the series lacking intellect and passion, it is devoid of soul. As everyone else is already reading, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big nausea of ​​a mob boss, with a wife strayed by wife and two brothers, guessed her in America (that's New Jersey, by the way). Tony is not only a female adulter, but also a murderous murderer with a cartoon crew for Saturday Night Live subordinates. It's not that Tony is a piece of mobster who offends me (and it seems like only me). Allowing the characters to be who they are and what they are, without judgment, is something that can barely allow American television. But Chase - and his entourage of money-gorged, Emmy-goried writers - not only allowed us to observe Tony and his crew in the way they behave, nor did they try to provide any understanding in the reality of action / the reaction (even obviously fictionalized) of organized crime (to "Naşul"). Instead, Chase glorifies and supports the misguided, violent and corrupt lifestyle of his characters, in the same way that Tony, his wife and even his hair arm mentor do week after week (or should say a month after a month After a year, it seems that the seasons of the 13 episodes of the show have the same regularity as a lunar eclipse). Many things have been done from the refusal of the series to adhere to the "network" structure, with plotting lines that do not go anywhere, and characters that appear and seem to disappear as parasites from the yard. But if the show is so brilliant in its lack of structure, why is it always that I look at a soap opera? Tired mobsters, tedious housewives, self-serving, irreplaceable characters AND plots that do not go anywhere. More than ever, I see why so many Italian heritage Americans are present at this show. It's enough to make you want to mess with a good book (I remember Danté's "Inferno" sources). People on IMDb like to claim there's nothing good on television and therefore "Sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. Are the same people too busy paying cable bills to watch "The Shield"? (It's included in Basic, you know). How about (still good) "The Wing Wing"? Or the "Boston Legal" scriptures have acted (if it is written erratic)? What is probably the best comedy in the last decades, "Arrested Development"? And let's not forget that we live in an era of DVDs - no one has * to look for * something new. I would rather like to pay $ 40 for a set in a price box, well, pretty much nothing * than give HBO $ 10 per month (or $ 80 a DVD set!) prove further how much can be. <br /> <br /> Want a good TV? Watch "Homicide: Life on the Streets". Or "Killing One". Or "Picket Fences". Or even Chase's previous show, "Northern Exposure." If you're already among the Legionnaires of brainwashed fans and critics, it's too late for you. But if you do not, leave Tony and his worthless relatives where they all belong - rotting with the fish. ("Sleeping" would be too kind)
