For those who like deplorable movies with wrong characters and a sordid story, it's for you! Out of the gloomy atmosphere of New York, which meets as a very bleak and almost hopeless place, to two diverse leaders, lacking much sense of morality, this film is a real downer. <br /> <br /> Why won the Academy Award was because it was so shocking at the time that Hollywood, his new freedom to show all he wanted with all the abandoned moral codes, he wanted to celebrate this. Those who sang were then a six-year-old immature, with an unlimited spending account at the local candy store. So Hollywood gave the audience the theater (perhaps for the first time) a dose of rape, prostitution, homosexuality, nudity for children, homelessness and other such wonderful looks and sounds, only his twisted brain would be appealing. . the work. <br /> <br /> We also hope to shock the general public. Well, he did succeed at this level. Audiences were amazed at what they had said and heard, and the academy, proud of itself because it was capable of displaying dirt and making money at the same time, could only help honoring this piece of golden garbage. <br /> <br /> Forty years ago, as a very young man, I found this film fascinating. However, seeing her again in the 1990s left such a bad taste in my mouth, I never wanted to see it again. <br /> <br /> The actor was good, but what? Action is good in many movies. Nobody said that Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight could not act. Hoffman was especially good in his young days when he played stray people. He was kind of like Johnny Depp of his age, playing guys like "Ratso Rizzo" in this movie and then will be "Rain Man" later. Yes, "Ratso" is a character you will never forget, and "Joe Buck" (Voight) is one you want to forget, but the story is so sordid that it overwhelms the one that works well . This film is not "art" and is not worthy of many awards; has largely pushed the envelope in 1969 and is so remembered in the hearts of filmmakers and critics. It's about two hours of profanation and cheap, cheap religious photos, glorifying strange things (Andy Warhol is actually getting into the act - no surprise) and, in general, disparate people. I liked the overwhelming song "Everyone Speaks," which made Harry Nilsson famous, but it was really fake because Fred Neil wrote the song and sang better before Nilsson did it ... and few people have ever heard of Neil (which is their loss). And - as I mentioned - the name "Ratso Rizzo" kind of stays with you! The film is a landmark, but in a negative way, I'm afraid: it marked "official" that Hollywood fell into the toilet and remained in the canal.
