Seriously, I can easily stomach a lot of blood, gore and repulsivity on the screen, but what really makes this disturbing and uncomfortable film look at is how the doctor's character continues to take revenge on the physical damage done to the raped women. He, John Cassavetes from "Rosemary's Child," talks about broken uterus, dry relationships and massive red corpuscles (?), Such as the most common diseases in the world of medicine. Having said that, "Incubus" is a horror effort in the end STRANGE. Is not that terrible? although not very good, either? but simply strange. The terrified and inappropriate script initially revolves around the hunt of a murderer of murder of blood and blood (even if the title clearly suggests the involvement of a supernatural creature) and does not appear to begin to introduce new characters. None of these characters, especially the main ones, meet as sympathetic and, for some reason, they seem to keep dark secrets. The aforementioned doctor has a weird interpretation of daughter love, and behaves continuously as if he were a suspect himself, and the sheriff in the city (John Ireland) seems to be in constant drunken state and does not even seem to care for whoever kidnaps and kills the women in his district, the female reporter is just too strange for words, and Galens (an old witch and her nephew) are simply frightening. All together, they are desperately trying to solve the mystery of who or what they are destroying the women of the organs that reproduce. The sequences that are built against rape and murder are admirable by the atmospheric, and the deceptive acts are bloody and unsettling. Practically, these factors are very positive in a horror film, but the narrative structure is too incoherent and the characters are too unsatisfactory because "Incubus" is a very good movie. There are also some boring parts to strive for (such as a Bruce Dickinson concert movie!) And John Hough's usually very reliable direction is almost unnoticed. However, the final shot is actually nightmare. For me personally, "Incubus" was a bit disappointing, but there are still a few good reasons to recommend this strange piece of horror in the 80's for open-ended fanatics.
