A young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) relax on a beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing with practical jokes. Mandy is hiding in an old cabin, and is attacked and raped by an unknown attacker. Roy tries to help her after hearing her cries, but she's killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Galen after Sam's wife died. Sam is called in action by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy find themselves. He carries out the autopsy on Roy and treats Mandy for her awful wounds. Soon after a curator at the local museum called Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) is also attacked and raped. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports the events and tells Sam that a similar string of rape and murders took place in town 30 years ago. There are more rapes and murders. Meanwhile, Jenny's friend Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) had strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced he has something to do with terrible acts. Tim's story and digging into the past cities makes Sam convinced of the existence of a creature known as Incubus - a demonic entity that changes the form that exists only to reproduce! Directed by John Hough, this is a great horror movie. George Franklin's script, based on Ray Russell's novel, is the hardest to say. Nothing interesting or interesting is happening and ends with one of the most boring no upset event that is over that I have ever seen and frustrating that ends suddenly. As the story causes a snail's rhythm, there are a few rapes, but none is displayed on the screen. There is also a single gore scene throughout the movie. The monster itself is only presented at the end and has all three short scenes. Everything about this production film is very static and flat, the film has no energy or rhythm. The action is boring and you do not feel or worry about anyone. Check the scene in the autopsy room, where you can clearly see the microphone at the top of the screen several times. The type of horror film with garbage that you will look out for over a day. A real waste of time, do not bother.
