Stephen King is generally known for the morbid, and that's good, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, to the end you feel sad for the characters or situations they were put in ... here you feel just depressed. The movie has a nice (in the beginning) feel with the family moving in the country, and saving the old Fred Gwyne welcomes and warns him about the pet cemetery, but this plot does not go anywhere. It starts with so much potential, but to the end, it loses its potential to be a good horror film and gets tired, extremely stupid and, ultimately, depressing. Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage and their cat move to a new home in Maine. They are warned by nearby farmer Jud (Fred Gwyne) about the local pet cemetery and how it is cursed. Louis does not believe anything about it and everything is fine until the family cat is killed. He buries him in the cursed cemetery and returns to life, always whispering to his family, and wants to stay alone. One day, the baby Gage runs down the road and is driven and killed by a truck, and Louis knows he has to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage returns to life, he's changed and wants to kill. With many of Stephen King's works, which do not translate well into films, they blame directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King was the screenwriter, but I will blame him for his terrible story. After all, it is so useless and, though unfortunate, the premise is ridiculous. A little boy returns from the dead and manages to kill people with what looks like a little scalpel, and not only, but manages to raise his bodies and in one case to wear a body from the ground to the attic (?) I know that this is not set in reality, but seriously, how bad can this get? The scene in which Louis injects the deceased, who is living the cat again to kill him, is sad, because the cat does not deserve it. All he did was go around the mind with his own business and kill it. The scene in which he injects his own child is almost unbearable. It is not unbearably sad, but the whole situation is terrible to think. After being injected, Gage moves drunk before he falls dead ... why did he have to make a film ending up with the death of a child? But ... even worse, the actual end of the movie, which involves Louis's funeral in someone else's cemetery after Gage kills them ... what was he expecting? Why did Mr. King write this horrible story and why was it turned into a movie? It is depressing and useless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * of ****. 90 minutes. R for violence.
