A family with father Louis (Dale Midkiff), mother Rachel (Denise Crosby), 10 years old, Eileen (Blaze Berdalh and Gage for nearly 3 years, Miko Hughes) moves in this beautiful home in Maine - along the highway in front their home every 90 seconds or close! The neighbor along the way (the wonderful Fred Gwynne) makes them feel at home ... and shows them a company cemetery where the children bury their pets. is a sacred place that can bring the dead back to life ... but the dead come back in a bad mood. "" DEFINIT SPOILERS ** Stephen King's novel was good - but he has developed characters and situations that have taken care of what happened. This film jettisons all the character's development and just plays gore and violence Animals are killed on the room (I know that is, it is false but still repulsive) hit by a semicar, and his coffin opens during the funeral (in a totally ill-suited scene), the life, attacks and killing of people, including his mother, came to life (he asks me how he did 3 years old to hang it); a ghostly jogger (do not ask) trying to help the family for no reason ... The film works only to the audience by pushing every dead or frightening violence in front of you. It simply goes awry to shock you. ** SPOILERS END ** <br /> <br /> Action is not helpful. Midkiff is just awful like the father - she's beautiful and old but completely empty. Crosby is not much better. The two kids are just annoying. Only Gwynne saves this image alone with its smooth drive effortlessly. <br /> <br /> This image shows a total contempt for audiences who make big leaps in logic and have characters that make incredibly stupid things (especially Midkiff at the end). This movie was (unexplained) a huge hit box office in 1989, which led to the worse still in 1992. I have seen it in a theater since then and was disturbed as the audience continues to applaud the violence and was just frightened of what I saw. A repulsive horror movie. A 1 all the way. When you think everything is over and you can not get worse, Ramones is singing a title song !!!!!! ("I do not want to be buried in a pet cemetery"). Really unconvinced.
