This movie is a Special Zadora Pie! When I saw him, I was reminded of the classic drawing of a starlet from Hollywood; in the urgent need for another role, but afraid to become broadcast for the movie "B" or for the roles of soft pornography; who says at her distribution session "Of course they do not normally do roles that require nudity, but if it is artistically necessary for the movie ...............". This memory brought a very naughty picture of a similar cartoon, pointing Pia to such a session saying, "Of course they do not normally take roles that require real action, but if they give me enough exposure to improve the status my sex symbol .................. ". This is probably very unfair, the rather sordid story is the fault of Harold Robbins' book; given the nature of the story, Pia's excerpts certainly do not get exaggerated attention, and perhaps Pia (who once won a Butterfly award) deliberately strengthens his role instead of trying to act in a role almost useless. Critics usually point out to actors first of all that a movie is disappointing, but this is extremely unfair; writers and directors are more often guilty parties. The real problem with "The Lonely Lady" is that the script, like the original book, looks for a feeling rather than a substance, and nothing can help that. <br /> <br /> The scenario for this film is the abyss, but if the story could have been filmed more with a better script, the tauter targeting and a really competent action must remain a matter of personal judgment. When it was launched, my viewers will assess whether they would evaluate my personal opinion or assess to what extent the film manages to deliver what she wants to do. My personal rating would be two out of ten; but, to a certain extent, this movie probably provides exactly what its sponsors intended, and considered on this basis that a quality rating of four out of ten would be reasonable. Being in a charitable state and wishing to clarify that I do not blame Pia for my disappointment, I will give an IMDb rating of four.
