JUST CAUSE shows Sean Connery as Harvard law professor, Kate Capshaw (still has work?) As his wife (little difference) and Lawrence Fishburne as a racist Southern policeman (!) And Ed Harris in a fundamentalist killer from the south of the world. Strange casting, but the movie plays a serious role ** with the audience. (you do not read if you ever intend to look seriously at this movie or look seriously at this movie because of the spoilers) First of all, I have repeatedly felt about the liberal stereotypes: policemen are sad black guys without evidence. The lawmaker, witnesses and even the attorney of the accused cooperate against him (he is accused of rape and killing a young girl) because he is black. Connery is a professor of law at Harvard who gives passionate speeches about injustice against blacks and against the barbaric death penalty. He is approached by the grandfather of the condemned man to defend him and reopen the trial. Connery is surrounded by stone (yawning ...) by city officials and good boys IL but he finds that the case against Blair, the alleged murderer, now in death, was made. The main proof was his testimony that was beaten by him. The battle was administered by a black policeman (!) Who even played Russian roulette to get the confession from him. Connery discovers that another dying prisoner has killed and after a few teeth a tetes with a Hannibal Lecter, such as Ed Harris, he discovers where Harris hides the murder weapon. He becomes a process of re-trial and Blair is released. I think ... movie over ... Then suddenly! It seems Blair is a psychotic psycho and he has used a "white guilt" to score Connery. He invented the story with Ed Harris in exchange for Blair making some murders for Harris. Now, Blair is back again, thanks to Connery's cheating PC! The last 30 minutes. I'm a strange action movie about a legendary drama, Connery and Fishburne fighting against the serial killer in an alligator skin on the foot (yes, you've read this) in Everglades. It was a strange movie <br /> <br /> So the whole system is corrupt and ineffective, the cops are just aggressors and Abu Graib torture, but criminals are really psychopedic and worth to fry. depressing each level! The system is completely rotten, and the types of white guilt for PCs that challenge it are also misleading. Two fingers down. Connery obviously had to make a mortgage or something.
