The memory banks of most of the commentators here should shorten when they try to remember this cubic zirconia of a precious stone, because virtually everyone has been able to read Walter Thornton badly if, in anger of raging anger, throws the false heap into a new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton (a near coma on Pia Zadora), who was used to listen to him sexually earlier in the film ... but I'm going ahead. In any case, the poor Lloyd would have been able to listen to that line at the wordless audience, just as if he were his co-star. <br /> <br /> It's hard for most of us to believe, especially these days, no one in Hollywood intends to make a malicious film. This is certainly not the surest thing he has to do, because he seems to be so damned that many of them have gone out. But again, there is that film race that you have to imagine during its creation, writing, casting and direction, probably being cursed with the cinematic equivalent of trying to shoot during Ides's March. > <br /> LONY LADY is in that category and is doing well, given the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in a guaranteed recipe to produce a monumental fallen breath: Peda Zadora, a marriage singer / actress so determined to be taken seriously that she will take almost anything that she could break away from her colleagues this the movie certainly did!); a rather large novel, written by Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (from THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST FAME); a cast that probably thought they were so lucky to work at all, that they were trying to play this game, as in the case of Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus a director who was probably a committed weapon who kept the misery on the move just to collect a salary (and probably was contractually required not to use the nickname "Alan Smithee" to protect what was left of his reputation ) Like Lamont Johnson's LIPSTICK, Mei Zarchi's I SPIT ON GRAVE, BARBARELLA's Roger VADIM, Paul Verhoeven's SHOWGIRLS or Grandmammy of Film Really Bad, Frank Perry's MOMMY DEAREST, THE LONY LADY is still (usually with disgust, terrible laughter or a unique combination of all three), but defies the dissection, description or even logic of Hollyweird's pretzel. No one knows how it was, how it was ever released in just one theater, or why it's still here and almost impossible to escape, but to take it or leave it, it's here to stay. And I do not think lovers of very good BAD movies would have another way.
