Paul Armstrong is Professor of Law at Harvard, a law professor at Harvard, known for his opposition to passion against the death penalty, which is committed to take if Bobby Earl, a young black from Florida who was convicted for rape and murder Joanie Shriver, a white eleven-year-old girl. Earl claims that his confession for murder has been obtained under the pressure of a sadistic police officer and that the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer already sentenced to death for several other crimes. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his dying cell, hoping to convince him to confess Joanie's murder, saving Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> At first it all works well. Sullivan confesses and Earl is released from prison when the court of appeal drops out of the conviction. As this evolution takes place just after the middle of the movie, at this moment the alarm bells will start ringing in the spectator's mind. "Warning! And so it proves. Twisting expected to materialize soon. Earl, it seems to be guilty of the crime that has just been paid and perhaps and some other others, but swallowed a diabolical plan with Sullivan to ensure freedom, Sullivan confesses murder of Joanie if Earl kills the parents. (Just why Sullivan wanted his parents' death is not explained precisely). Armstrong now finds that he is in danger of the man whose life he has just saved, Earl has a prey to Armstrong's wife, a lawyer herself, who acted as a lawyer in the prosecution in a previous case when Earl was charged with rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of self-cannibalism in which Hollywood sometimes likes to indulge, to rock a movie together by recycling themes and compose devices from a number of others. has an obvious debt to films such as "Intruder in the Dust" and "To kill a mockingbird"; the only difference is that the bearer who beats a confession from Bobby Earl is himself black, while in the previous films he would have been white. (Police brutality is now an equal opportunity activity). The central tower of the plot was borrowed from Costa-Gavras' "Music Box," although in this film the revelation does not come to an end. The ending, in which a lawyer, his wife and daughter are in danger from a former client, is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of Cape Fear, which also take place in the marshes of the South American. Sullivan's characterization of Ed Harris as a religious maniac who cites the Bible is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's character in the Scorsese version of Cape Fear four years before Just Cause. Like Just Cause, borrowed from other movies, seven years later, her central overthrow was also plagiarized in Ashley Judd's "High Crime" vehicle) . <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie-by-style style is that the resulting films are generally less distinct than those that inspired them. The whole is normally much smaller than the sum of the songs, and "Just Cause" is a much smaller film than any of the cannibalized ones to do so. Harris is normally a talented actor, but this is one of the weakest performances, largely because he does not play so much a character as playing Niro playing Max Cady. Blair Underwood is OK as Bobby Earl, the young (presumed) innocent of early but unconvincing scenes like Bobby Earl, the criminal psychopath of the later. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as black sheriff are better, but none is good enough to save the movie. (Connery and Harris were going to act together in a better movie, "The Rock", the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with Just Cause. The first half of the film looks like a standard liberal film, anti-death, anti-racist, and hard-to-handle police criticism. The second half is more like the work of a reactionary dead, preaching the message that all offenders are bastards bad that the only way to meet them is to fry the chair that lawyers liberals are idiots useful brotherhood of criminals and police officers who beat suspects must be praised as heroes. Those who made the film seem to be happy to know that the scenario typically plot introduced in the middle of their film had the (perhaps unwanted) to reverse his political position or whether they were aware of the problem ignored. An appropriately complicated plot was obviously more important than political consistency. 4/10
