First, let me say that I am a great believer in Fanpro's stuff. I think it's a way to continue a good show after it's canceled. Star Trek Voyages and Cold War Revelations are examples of decent efforts. So, I have a weak point for things from fanpro, which means I'll get over things I would normally sketch badly. <br /> <br /> So up to ST: HF. Well, first of all good things. Enthusiasm is an important part of the fact that any show is credible and, for the most part, the crew of the various ships seem to have fun with their roles. Then the effects are not bad for a home production effort, without anything to make you cheated. Stories are not bad. Nothing particularly innovative, but quite solid and at least there are ongoing story springs. But he has a lot of mistakes. First of all, though obviously obvious to destroy Star Trek, for backgrounds, music and effects, I see no reason why they continued to rip almost any other science fiction scores ever created. Everything from Aliens to the Troopers Starship raises the orchestral head to one point or another. Also, much of the film is from other movies, CGI has done wisely to make it look different. Gray War ships, for example, although disguised, are quite obvious Star Wars Star Wars. And the station is also quite obvious Tonicdero fleet battle station from Starship Troopers. Also, sound effects from different Star Wars movies appear in space battles between fighters, just like the animation above the images. In a scene, either in the first or in the second season, I think you see even two TIE fighters during a battle, which does not make you a favorite to suspend mistrust. amazingly painful to watch. Everybody improves as the seasons progress, but they expect the grimace on the screen very much, especially in the early seasons. They also made some interesting choices. Let's just say that the food replicators on this show seem to be permanently fixed to the "cake" and leave it to it. The effects of make-up are generally quite effective overall. But they really should give up someone who decided to use cheap Ferengi and Cardassian masks for anything other than background or "passage". They are just beyond unrealistic. Each time I saw one of these (except trying not to laugh too much), I was still waiting for the unfortunate soul to wear a gun and announce that "This is a stick-up!" In one scene, a "Cardassian" actually speaks while wearing one of these. Not only does her lips not move, but the masks do not even have a mouth opening. Someone has to be squeezed hard for that. He could not have taken a knife for his sake! There are also some things well done, but unintentional fun make-up, such as Herman Munster looked the same. Writing, though coherent, is nothing new. Instead, the scenario runs as a continuation of the DS9, with ships leaving the DS12 on different missions. The new enemy, "The Gray," is not very threatening, and the line of plot that involves them is actually a rebuilding of Borg threads. that is, the Fleet Fleet encounters Gray, Gray are extremely powerful, Starship Fleet barely escapes their lives, then through technology they begin to find ways to fight against the enemy, etc. All done before with the Borg. the bones of the dispute is the dialogue. Star Trek writers have long had the ability to write "insert technobablu here" in a scenario. It usually means an exposure to the most recent plan to combat the enemy using "discriminatory quantum phases" or "isolithic accusations", etc. In other words, nonsense that tells you that it is in this case and that a resolution is at hand. > <br /> The words are really bad. I have no problem in this regard, but if ST: HF makes a mess of it is where they include real world reviews in this concept. Tactical tips such as "We need to regroup" sounds good, but not when it's spoken by a trio of characters already staying in a group. Also, when asked what the situation is, a tactical officer is heard to answer "We count three battle ships." In fact, had to count them? Come on! I expected the questioner to ask him, "Are you sure?" or "You can double check". But my favorite comment over time is the following: Captain: "Can we establish a bidirectional communication?" Officer of the Communists: "No, we can send and receive only .. <br /> <br /> Well, spirit ..... <br /> <br /> After saying all the above, the show is improves as you go on. Seasons 1 and 2 are bad, 3 show an improvement, but 4 and 5 are where you start getting much better Season 6 seems so reasonable now. Problem with their choice of media for shows The fast time sucks, quite honestly and as fast as it moves in the divx / avi format, the better: Some of us prefer to actually take our downloaded programs and watch them on the screen of decent size, and not on a tiny QT window on a computer monitor, not only does Quicktime make it difficult, but the resolution of 320x180 on which the shows are shown does not drop at all, in fact, the shows are quite undetectable, as if it would have been a copy of VHS tape to 10th generation. What they could do was to include a downloadable option. Still, the show has promises and even begins to like some characters. But that's 40 episodes, so I'm not sure that says a lot about character development. But what you can say is free .... PS: Out of 28 votes, 19 people rated this show as 9 or 10. Hmmmm ... did we watch the same show? Or do you have 19 children of all ages of three?
