Well, there you have it, another disillusionment on my part. Two, actually! First of all, even though I like to think of myself that I know something about the euro-exploitation of the 70's and its most prolific taxpayers, I have never heard of Joseph W. Sarno. Here's a guy who made over seventy exploits full of ranchers and worship and I have not seen one! How? Why? What happened here? Second, and even worse, even when you think you've found a new source for obscure cult movies, the most famous and supposed "masterpiece" of the director turns out to be an irreparably boring and irritating movie. Of course, Lesbian vampire films form a rather insignificant sub-genre as a whole, but some of them fill up in a threatening atmosphere and in curious curiosity (such as "Vampyres" by José Larraz or "Daughters of Darkness" by Harry Kümmel). Joseph Sarno's film has nothing to offer, except for abundant free nudity and even gets boring pretty quickly. The events take place in an old retreat, hidden deep in the German mountains, where five centuries ago a malicious baron and blood thirsty (literally) lived. Her loyal apprentices still give bare dancing parties to the catacombs of the castle, which are lit by penis candles, AUCH, and hope to raise the Baroness any time soon. Suddenly (you do not even wonder how) the castle is filled with young and sexy female guests, even more erotic rites appear. It sounds pretty delicious and fun, but "The Devil's Plaything" contains a massive number of sequences in which nothing happens and where the ignorant facial expressions of casting members are simply unwavering! Sarno is not capable of creating suspense or building a Gothic atmosphere (or perhaps simply not being disturbed) and the capabilities of actresses confined to standing in front of the topless room and pulling a really pathetic face. Please do a favor: no matter how desperate you strive to see all Lesbian-vampire movies of the 1970s, that does not deserve any money! Even the repertoires of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art in comparison to this dude.
