Sexo Cannibal or the Devil Hunter, as best known to the English speaking public, starts with the actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner), checking the locations for her new film with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn) . After a long work, Laura relaxes in the room of her room when two very dubious characters, called Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans), break out and kidnap Jane. Laura's agent reaches the soul of Peter Weston (Al Cliver), who is informed of the situation, the kidnappers have Laura on an isolated island and demand a ransom of 6 million euros. Peter is told that 200,000 money will have been paid to return them safely and another 10% of the 6 million, if he brings it back, faster than a rat in front of a drainage pipe. island and decide how to save Laura. So the kidnappers have Laura & Peter has the 6 million, but they do not even want to teach them so much. Just to complicate things, this isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell, in all the generations they lived there, they managed to build only a straw barn, now primitive) worshiping monster guys cannibal Altman) with eyes bent like a God with human sacrifices and this cannibal has a pleasure for the young white body and intestines ... This Spanish, French and German co-production was co-directed by the prolific Jesus Franco, who also gets credit for music. Sexo Cannibal has gained some notoriety here in the UK because it was placed on the "Video Nasties" list in the early 1980s under the title "Devil Hunter" and was therefore classified as obscene and forbidden, Saying I have no idea why, because it is a bad film and even Franco, who is not afraid to associate with a turkey, decides that he wants to hide under the pseudonym of Clifford Brown. I would even imagine the toughest fan, Franco, would have a hard time defending this. Franco's script, I'm sorry to say Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who obviously was another less impressed by the finished product and wanted his name removed, to be awful. It is as simple and straight as this. For a start the film is so boring that it's untrue, the kidnapping plot is one of the prettiest we've ever seen without the slightest tension or enthusiasm involved and the horror part of things does not improve as we get a big big guy with huge blood eyes and two starving cannibal scenes. As a sex horror film Sexo Cannibal fails and as an action adventure is not more successful, this is one to avoid. Director Franco shows his usual incompetence, the beheaded head is touched by an actor with large leaves laid around his neck to try and give the impression that he is not attached to anything! Cannibal scenes are poor, action is blades and endless scenes of people who walk randomly around the jungle, going from 'A' to 'B' and doing nothing if they get there. It becomes incredibly boring and tiring to look after about 10 minutes and let's not forget that this goes further for 94 minutes in uncut state. I also have to mention the hilarious scene when Al Cliver had to climb a cliff, this being touched by Franco, turning his camera on his side and making Cliver crawl along floor! Just look at how his coat hangs and how he does not grab anything, as he just draws himself along! Gore is not so great and as the canyon euro movie goes this is very tame, there are some close to UPS cannibal mouth as chewing pieces of meat, a man is impaled on the spikes, there is blood and a hand of intestines. There is a bit of nudity in Sexo Cannibal and an unpleasant rape scene. Sexo Cannibal must have had a low budget and I mean low. This is a poor film, with terrible special effects and bottom production values. The only decent thing about this is the setting of the jungle that seems at least authentic. Music is a shit and the sound effects become annoying because there is a lot of heavy breathing whenever the cannibal is on the screen. The actor sucks, everything was obviously dubious, but no one can do that. Sexo Cannibal is a terrible movie that makes the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell. The only good things I can say is that it has a certain careless atmosphere, and those close to the cannibal chewing meat are quite heavy. Anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should offer Sexo Cannibal as wide as possible, one to avoid.
