During the days before the Toxic revenge, the kings from the camp at Troma Films tried to take the big road (OK, a little smaller) to produce pictures with a right slasher. I would like to think that seeing the results here is what persuaded them to give up all their claims and go to a conscious parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another movie for public masochists. As it rotates through two separate castles and countless unnecessary subplots, it actually becomes painful to look at. Let's see if I can summarize. After learning that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from a local hospital, the action is heading for a Catholic university (I do not remember the name, but in honor of the title, we call it St. Splatter). Students are anxious and abhorred and arguing with each other in front of them. Meanwhile, the new professor, Julie Parker, turns out to be extremely incompetent at work. Children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, lechery priests, and how to avoid working in class; Julie takes care of a creepy lover, the inflexible administration of St Splatter, the counseling of the unworthy mother, and the naked, naked eyes of her pupils. Nothing means a strange thing or is solved in a meaningful way. Oh, and from time to time, a POV blow comes in and gives one of the girls to death, but do not hold your breath waiting for her. There is a red herring killer, and then a sad anticlimactic confrontation with Real Killer, then it is back to the asylum and roll credits. The slow rhythm and the many subtle floodplains seem to be almost computed to produce a growing sense of frustration for the viewer, which is helped by noise-editing, the quality of coffee sound and the dialogue that makes no sense. And the most agonizing thing about this film is fixing the killer to women - the men in this film are just as worthwhile. I paid good money to see someone nasty with my pregnant girlfriend or Lothario, running away with her girlfriend's roommate or any of the cowardly priests. There is no justice.
