I bought the BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few dollars, without knowing what it was and all I can say is that I was not disappointed with this acquisition. BLAST CASTLE is one of those horrible European movies that have almost no quality of redemption, except that they are very funny for all the bad reasons. Only the opening was worth the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at the castle where he should help a scientist, Baron Dalmar, who makes experiments on dead tissues. On the way to the castle 1) a man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) the castle's housekeeper is struggling with her. 3) the maid wants her dead. 4) and finally, baron Dalmar almost spits it out and wants it the next day. Hmm ... something tells me it's not welcome. With such a miserable arrival, you think Ivanna will leave the spot in a minute of NY, but not, as in many great movies, our "frightening" heroine decides to stay and even enjoy a candlelit dinner candle light, the same day full of events. The intro is so full of head (it's even bigger than the first few memorable moments of the Canadian movie, JUNIOR) that I knew I'd enjoy it. But the fun does not end there. Ivanna is repeatedly drugged whenever she goes to bed at night, just waking up unconscious, naked, tied and tortured in light S & M sessions by an unseen man. Even after facing these S & M evening sessions, Ivanna remains at the castle, convinced by the angry baron that what he lives is nothing but dreams. To be expected, even after being treated so badly from reception, Ivanna falls in love with the baron. Ivanna completely ignores any negative things about him, including the obvious fact that the tired baron is popular with young ladies. Every woman at the castle (it seems that only women work there) is in love with miserable misery, which no longer bothers to take advantage of young things. Things get even worse as someone hides around the building and kills (and kills) women. Basically, the brother of the disfigured physical baron, Igor is responsible for everything. In a very long scene, the brother warns the baron not to get too involved in Ivanna or suffer the consequences. So what are the Baron and Ivanna doing about it? Well, they get married, of course! During the very short marriage ceremony, the baron is shot by one of the angry locals (the father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not discourage Ivanna, who, in the midst of all the young dead girls and the torture surrounding them, encourages the injured Baron that "it is just a wound of the flesh" and the two can enjoy the honeymoon at the castle , where the murderer / rapist / torture brother is. Everything quickly becomes a love triangle between Ivana, Baron and Igor. Everything comes on love! Anyway, you get the idea: subtle is not. Almost everything is ridiculous in this film and when it's not OTT, such as the predictable climax, things get boring. But for most of the film, the director or writer enjoys illogical moments one after another. I like these films a lot, subtle as being hit on the head with a hammer, and populated by characters who behave illogically. Even those who have made the Retromedia DVD do this and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest bits of dialogue in the double-taped movie endlessly. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are beautifully real. Opening and closing credits, with those candles and red drapes ... ah, a class supporter. Music sometimes sounds like something in Tim Burton's film, which adds to the weirdness of everyone. And usually in such films, when young ladies get off their clothes, they just beg for them to be killed. As a standard movie, I appreciate this a 2, but as "so bad is a good movie," I have a solid 8 star rating. If you like trashy movies, please watch this movie. We have to see. The only thing I have left to think about him: what would the woman have to get out of that crazy castle?
