(the next different) Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and non-French. It's not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who, in most cases, does not bother the dickens from me. No, it certainly would be Gene Kelly. There is something about his screen character that is too ambitious and focused to be convincing as an artist without a post in Paris, pleased to keep critics endlessly, to drink with young and old children and to paint on the streets . That made him so effective in SINGIN IN THE RAIN and other films, where he played ambitious and focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is to some extent a cousin of Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON, another story of Lerner, with Kelly Miscast as a loose American who falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman who embodies his virtues . /> Except Jerry is not as pleasing as Tommy. This is another gesture that refers to this movie. Jerry is sometimes a gift to Milo, and even worse for Lise. When he sees him in the first place at a club, he pulls a dirty trick to get her to dance with him. When he sits down again, he pulls a softer trick to get his phone number. When she calls her the next day, she closes her, which she takes as a clue to get her job done. And in all this it is obvious he does not want anything to do with him. When he begins to laugh at his jokes in the perfume shop, he is as credible as Milo's interest in his paintings. Of course he is good and playful, but why should he influence him when he has Henri, who seems to be a boot gentleman? Of course, she is so disgusting about the actress. If a role like Lise was played by, say, Judy Garland, he would have taken Jerry with indigenous insults and glazes. If she was interpreted by Cyd Charisse, she would have admired her courage. But when she portrayed Leslie Caron, she looks and acts as a shy, vulnerable adolescent, and as a result, Jerry seems to be a creep. And why did they choose these other actors (although I personally would rather have solved things by changing the lead) when the whole story is based on the romance of these two poorly-loved young people who are unleashed by their unpleasant commitments to older rich people? Not only is Gene Kelly a few years older than Guitar and Foch, it's big enough to be Caron's father. In short, I think everything would have improved by throwing young comedian dancers, like Jerry, the genre that usually appeared in supporting musical roles ... eg Ray MacDonald in GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in SMALL MARE . Maybe it's not necessary, but somebody likes it. Someone who could have chased Lise and made him playfully harmless; someone who would have really appeared happy to live in that hole in the wall; someone whose humor and naivet would be better off with Oscar Levant's sarcastic dissatisfaction. He probably would have done that ballet does not seem to be harder. And there could have been a voice that could sing Gershwin better. All of this may give the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I like him. It was great in most of his films, not just in this movie (well and others). I do not despise AAIP; has good points, such as the direction of art. And Leslie Caron, who, despite her lack of experience, is pretty charming and really looks like she came out of a painting. Georges Guetary is doing a good job, and the "Stair to Paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is beautiful and touches and should have ended with URMA. But not Jerry Mulligan. I would not have wanted that.
