N.B .: Spoilers in. Assigning an artistic director to an operatic production in a natural and inevitable way means you get a piece of that director's mind. But the direction of a Wagner work is a particularly difficult task, being probably the most explicit composer of the work as to how things should look and how it should be. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg is uploading this film of "Parsifal," Wagner's final masterpiece, with enough foreign ideas that make them burst near seams. You have more than a piece of director: you get the whole fattened pig and then some. Syberberg must be admired for his inclination to break the covers on the more ugly aspects of German history. But does it work to combine that desire with a Wagner opera that is already strolling with its own concepts? <br /> <br /> The scenes with the knights of the Holy Grail of Acts I and III are especially loaded with visual allegory and symbolism. These are drawn from Wagner's time, long before, and go beyond. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Syberberg's vision for you (but I do not necessarily reinforce Wagner's vision); if you do not know what it means, they are simply confused, if not annoying. I do not mind breaking down the story of the work here. Suffice it to say that it is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of the various elements, in this case a mixture of the Holy Grail legend with the principles, practices, and delights of Christianity. The theme of ransom plays the leading role here, as in almost every Wagner opera. I personally had to sweat to pass through Syberberg's first act (in the middle of my acclimatization jarring, the music saved the day). But Act II takes the rhythm. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil sorcerer, to catch Parsifal the "innocent madman." The biggest seducer of them, Kund, will be accustomed to pulling him in the dark. After a first strike with multiple symbols, they move away, and the long, gorgeous, transforming duet, between the crazy and the tentative, breaks off. Eventually, the film begins to work in genuine magic, and is mainly due to the fact that Syberberg chose to make things natural and simple. Suddenly the action begins (Edith Clever's expressive actress and Yvonne Minton's soprano lover to create a wonderful Kundra); suddenly the music seems to come to life and make the inner disorder of the two characters alive. Camera work remains simple and quiet. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story more in its terms. And it works nicely. For me it was the most hidden part of the movie. With the knights back in Part II of the Third Law, unfortunately strange strange symbols sneak back. Some other ideas of Syberberg: using a huge Wagner death mask as a major piece (causing proboscis protuberance of the composer to show comic sea); the third knight's clothing in all sorts of costumes, wigs, and make-up (what the director says "knights are a bunch of buffaloes" that they express multiple or old layers of significance beyond their surface functions? Parsifal's incredibly appealing Kundus baptism of the back projection images of repetitive leadership in modern realism, studio orchestra (this totally broke my thread dramatically, requiring a few minutes for regrouping), complete avoidance of the passage the time between Acts II and III (when we meet the knight and the "narrator" Gurnemanz again, he should be an old and old, and Parsifal should become a tired person in the world, an elderly man); more bizarre stroke is to divide the Parsifal character into male / female components. Some find this stroke the No doubt, I can credit Karin Krick, who plays the role of "Parsifal 2," who acts with power and dignity (it also happens to be the best sound source of the entire cast). But please ... Wagner's concept of Parsifal is already so complex. His rise from a totally innocent boy who knows nothing of his past until his realization is revealed in the Second Act of what Amforas' eternal wound and how he became, return as the great Savior of Law III? this is the journey of a built-in character. The bi-sexual accent is just gimmick and absurd. (And what is this nonsense about a homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? Can not we just accept a mentor / apprentice relationship that is awesome reversed in Act III?) The Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (although the choir is disappointing ). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to beat my record from Solti (recommended HIGHly) and put my Wagnerian bearings again. The experience of the film for me ranged from bizarre to fun to angry. For Syberberg's credit, he created an aversive work and certainly provides a unique interpretation of an important work. But instead of holding on to Parsifal, he seems to have wanted to bring all things to Wagnerian: man, life, enormous influence ... everything in the brutal symbolic code. "Parsifal" is already full of heavy symbolism: Grail, Spear, Holy Mysteries, baptism, Amfortas wound, bleeding, Klingsor's self-castration, Kiss, The Curse of Kundry and many others. This is not to mention the * musical symbolism * that constantly scores in the form of a Wagner leitmotif system. "Parsifal" itself is a huge symbol! Going back to my question in the first paragraph, Syberberg's whole pig is too much for me. But if this project sounds like a thing to praise you, then go to it. I do not recommend you to stay away from this; you may feel satisfied. Or if you need anything to break your Wagner bar, try ... but please do not stop here. "Parsifal" is in a late and very good league.
