Review: According to the legend, Valkyrie Brunhilda defied Odin and was linked to a rock surrounded by eternal fire. Only a pure warrior in the heart can pass through the flames, release Brunhilda and free it from Odin's claim and can have it for himself. Now the war is taking place in Norwegian areas, and the king needs an alliance with the Berserkeri. Berserkers are warriors claimed by Odin's wars, who wanted war, blood and flesh and therefore defeated, but superior in battle. The Berserker leader is a despised son of the king, Boar, and his price for the alliance is his brother, the future king, Barek. But after the king is victorious in the battle, he refuses to give up his only remaining son, to give his oath to Boar, to betray him and kill him. Boar is saved only by Barek's call at Odin. But this is just the beginning of the struggle between the brothers and their final battle is about to begin now, a thousand years later ... Comments: I hoped it would be a movie based on Viking soil, a little movie about Viking was made. It started very well, with long ferries and detailed armor, beautiful landscapes and matching and a good battle. The foundation in Aesir's myths is thin and seems very corrupt to me. Odin is much more avenging, bad and absent than I remember from school, and the valerias have been transformed into vampire demons. I'm not an expert, but that seems to be completely wrong. But the fatal mistake made by this film is to move the time setting from the original time to this day. If the two brothers fought at the right time, with some decent battles, this movie would have been much better. Now, the setting, suddenly, is now being changed in Stockholm. However, Odin is present and sends Boar and his berserkers to Brunhilda and Barek, who gives silly scenes when berserkers dressed in armor and painting face scarecrows with Barek among the industries. Beautiful mountains and forests have been changed for cement. And when he was allowed to focus on the unique struggles, instead of massive battles as at the beginning, I quickly saw that the struggles and abilities of the actors were slow and cumbersome. The end result is the thin story, sometimes hard to follow, and once only bad, and the only one who can save it, the action, is drawn by the struggles of slow, boring and clumsy swords. It draws very little from the myth of Aesir or the Viking tradition. So both the story and the action fail, and the movie is simply bad. Finally, as Swedish, this film is a bit confusing. It is supposed to be filmed entirely in South Africa, but it still contains some Swedish signs, plates and what seems to be a genuine police car. However, the effort is low and only goes so far, to really establish in Sweden. No names are Swedish (maybe with Anya as an exception), no familiar scenario is Swedish, there is little (old?) Norwegian, not Swedish. Both uniforms, both police and medical, are not clearly Swedish. If they will not even try to do it correctly - and even give the illusion that it is settled in Sweden, why not bother at all? <br /> <br /> 4/10
