I am fully aware that there is no statistical data that easily supports the correlation between video games and real-life violence. The film is false and false, because it is totally contradictory to myself, which I tried to emphasize in the initial review. The film fails, not necessarily because I really think that these children were influenced by video games, but because the film sets it up as "random" and not following. Let me make it clear. In Aileen: The life and death of a high-ranking murderer, you can see her statements about police and controlled by radio waves are ridiculous, yet she is so troubled, even thinks they are true. The visitor can make the distinction. On Zero Day, the two children continue to say how they are not influenced by anything of the environment, which is obviously false because everything contradicts this. Neo-Nazism, talking about going to CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is ridiculous not only because they know their name but a shameful attempt by the director to respond to the bad movie). This film does not describe "reality", it shows nothing but a fake to prove a point. Unfortunately, you fell for bait and you have not seen it and you have not taken it from my review. The whole film only takes Michael Moore's hypothesis and applies it to something "real life" in the hope of validation and fails, not because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the film is wrong and does not support it. Of course, I do not think kids playing video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, there is no video tape of Columbine children (or adolescent killers) who throw weapons into the forest, pretending to watch or did they act as a reinforcement in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the distinction is that children are most likely aware of the media, influenced, but clearly balanced or intelligent enough that it is not even a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie, not because I really think there is a correlation, but because the film maker does not know what he's trying to say and the movie does more to reject his point, then he supports it. It's almost as if the new video game ratings made someone angry, so they came with "Zero Day" in retaliation. If you want to see the killer theory of the "mindless" killer pulled from the right, go to Bully.
