I have to admit that I was a sucker for the Samurai movements, because I remember. I used to see rather non-discriminatory, be it elitist, like The Seven Samurai, or bloody comic book variations like Lone Wolf and Cub. I also liked the American / Japanese Crossover, such as The Bushido Blade. And, of course, everything contained in Sonny Chiba and Hiroyuki Sanada. And I've practically followed every Samurai at least twice. But not Kabuto. In 1993 I watched Kabuto for the first time on the video that even Samurai movies can be boring. At first we were expecting Mayeda to get to Europe and the confrontations that will come from this, but until the time she arrived in Spain, I really did not care too much about the film. <br /> <br /> It would not do justice to the film to call it "bad." From a technical point of view, it is a clean input into the genre. But it's never quite quiet. Sho Kosugi has limited skills as a director and actor and has only a part of the charisma of the Japanese actors mentioned above. And speaking of Kosugis' son, Kane, who appears in almost all of Sho Shougi's films as Shos, he has inherited little to none of his father's limited acting qualities. Adding to minus-points is the absence of blood and gore that until then was a trademark of the entire Samurai film. This was clearly meant for a younger American and European audience. Let's just say it's such a big film for medieval fans of historical adventure, but also for the dynamic fans of the Samurai cinema. Fans who are in the genre "Samurai Meets," should rather go to look at Red Sun (1971), presenting Charles Bronson as a cowboy who must join the Samurai Toshiro Mifume team to get a samurai sword from the guy bad Alan Delon. There is quite a lot of how to do it well and where Kabuto went badly. So even if the movie is just 100 minutes, it looks like it's a much longer film. <br /> <br /> The reason I gave this an honorable 4/10 points instead of 3/10: The first time I saw this movie, I saw it in the German synchronized version. In this version, Kosugi can be understood. I have to admit that "Engrish" is sometimes funny, but it gets tiring after about 30 minutes.
