This review applies to cutting a movie that is generally available under the name of "Wolfman Fury." I understand there is an uncorrected version there with additional images, and I hope it contained at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to miss the cut known as "Wolfman's Fury." In short, the movie has absolutely no meaning. It's an absolute stupidity and an incomprehensible nonsense to that. Waldemar Daninsky, that venerable antihero lycantrop portrayed by Paul Naschy in a series of apparently endless films, is apparently an ordinary guy who has just returned from a trip to Tibet where he was attacked by a yeti. Somehow it turned him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, a scientist and an instructor of what seems to be a college. One of his colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes," a meaningless word used to refer to a bunch of yarns attached to the victim's head. Ellman feels that this will allow him to "change the direction of the human brain," naturally, allowing him to master the world, provided that she can attach all these things to us without problems. Elmann is also in werewolves, because she kidnaps Daninsky and takes her to her hidden lab. He has a bunch of other people there. Some of them look like gypsies, and are tied up, being in different states of lucidity. Others are clearly hippie. Elmann feels that one day he can help them "be human again" (?), But in the meantime he controls them with her chematodes. Waldemar becomes her hairy man, wandering around like a werewolf zombie-that is, until the directors decide to use images of another Naschka movie, "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror" (do not ask), at which Naschka's werewolf makeup changes considerably and revolves around an animal. Does that make sense? Not? Good. This is the saved grace of the film. Do not try to engage you on any intellectual level, but just go ahead with any nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie settings you can do. "Wolfman Fury" may be the best Halloween party ever. You do not really need to be careful about it, and if you do, you will be completely confused.
