I saw for the first time this very small, very recent, one of the dollar DVDs that seem to be everywhere today, and I was so excited that I can not stop it. For those who have never seen the Mexican importance of this miserable mesmerizing man and want to see it without being prejudiced by someone else's comment, there is no doubt a substantial spoiler in the following. So if you are one of those foolish individuals, stop reading immediately and go and watch for yourself. If you get rich enough in advance, you can be lucky enough to get out before it's over. Begin with the premise that a man can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. No one in the film explained how this kind of cross-embedding could occur, and the rest of the film is even more hopeless. But take another glass of wine (or whatever you drink) and proceed. Paul Naschy (our werewolf) has the appearance of a man fighting a toothache in a city where only the dentist has changed his Novocaine offer for a cheap whiskey case and has been drunk since then. (Is not that lucky?) Naschy's facial expression never varies, whether or not she's in makeup, and it seems that no one gave him any coaching about how to behave like a werewolf. Occasionally, she tries to imitate Lon Chaney Jr., but most of the time she just walks in the black mafia shirt, just like another great guy with a facial hair too loud. To be fair, makeup is actually better than the actor inside, but continuity is infinitely worse. Naschy's spirits are the only ones who can think of changing jerseys twice in the middle of a trip. It goes from the black shirt to the red shirt, then back into the black, then back to the red, then back to the black, all in a single, frenetic night. Quite interesting, he always makes Chaney crouch while wearing a red shirt, and nice walking walks while wearing a black shirt. And only while wearing the red shirt, we see that much of the anger has alluded to the title. Probably something about that red shirt that just takes the animal out of it. So, anyway, after being bitten by the Yeti eco-pollination, The Poor returns home from Tibet to find out that his wife sleeps with one of his students. The two illegal lovers try to kill him by adjusting the brakes on his car. He survives the wreckage and brings him home in time for a full moon. Then, after chewing her wife and her lover, she wanders again and manages to electrocution somehow. But is that enough? Can I leave this fucking struggled to rest in peace? No chance. He is resurrected by a supposed scientist with a S / M hardcore fetish, otherwise known as "Doctor" (and certainly not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). He digulates him and takes him to the kastle, takes him to the dungeon, launches him on the wall and gives him a good shot. Perhaps such a series of indignation should be enough to put a little fury into a lump. After the two-faced fight, our wolf spends most of the rest of the movie wandering around the castle, trying to find an exit. (And who can blame him?) In the course of his wandering, he meets with an amazingly incoherent assortment of clichés, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a strange curiosity Phantom of imitating Opera (supposedly the father of the doctor) and a hard-working servant of slave slavery. So, what is it about, can you reasonably ask? One has the vague impression that it has something to do with mind control and involves something the Doctor calls "chemotroups." (Best supposition. I have no idea how it is written, if there is such a thing.) Pity, the experiment ends with a failure, and most importantly, it ends ... before it has time to Bites his own leg off. Of course, it really does not expect any sense in a movie like this, but at least it should be good for laughs. It is not. Look, buddy. There is some kind of anarchy about this movie, from its patch-shaped, tequila-drenched environment to its atrocious cinema and agonizing musical score that defies even the most tried attempts to get any type of MST3K laughs at it. If it's not good for that, what the hell is it? If Montezuma's revenge could have been somehow remastered and put on a DVD, it would have looked exactly like this movie.
