"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" forms a completely autonomous story that does not seem to fit with Waldemar Daninsky's previous films. Some have commented that this movie should take place before the events in "Wrewolf Shadow", although he was released afterwards ... he might be right, I'm not sure. However, in this film Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a yeti-like creature in Tibet (a great dialogue here - "It was a yeti, but this is impossible, I am a scientist and these things do not exist, it was a hallucination.) And although it is marked with the sign of the pentagram, he is able to prevent the change in a werewolf until he discovers that his wife is deceiving him. Changing into an evening beast, he kills both her lover and her her boyfriend, before going out into a storm and being electrocuted.Not long before being raised by a professor of domination who is doing some unknown experiments with mind control He is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiments live like chained animals. First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to tell him, is a good actor and passionately passionate about his work. These are the movies, you can always rely on it for decent performance. The rest of the cast seems pretty good, but it's hard to say when they have a half-inclined voice over all their lines. And that was really the main problem for me ... many of the voice artists they used were just terrifying, dreadful, terrifying. Whenever I chuckled during the movie, he was impatient that they gave their lines (seem to always refer to the hero as "Waldeman"). But, unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find subtitled copies of Naschy films, although they are sometimes available in the original language without subtitles. Jose Maria Zabalza's director seems like a hit-and-miss. there are some wonderful visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, especially in the final scenes, when it really matters. The reason for this was that Zabalza was probably drunk for most of the time while on the set. He allowed his fourteen-year-old nephew to rewrite Molina's dialogue, use the extract without permission, and scatter some photos of Molina's previous films. All of this has pretty much destroyed the chance that this film would be one of Molina's best works, and it is not surprising that the two never worked together. But it's not bad news, there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the story make an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor of jealousy and anger. The ideologist "werewolf as yeti" is one who returned to Molina's later work. Some pretty horrible and surrealistic things go into the cellar and there is a very memorable sequence in the film where Daninsky leads from house to house through a village, sacrificing or molested innocent as it goes - a scene is especially is actually lifted directly from Molina's first film, La Marca del Hombre-lobo, along with several other photos. We found that the movie is very fun, although there are some issues with Front Row Entertainment, such as quite obvious cuts (though some may be due to the director's lack of continuity). Gods know what omissions are - I will probably try to get my hands on the smooth version at a certain stage in the future. This is a decent piece of vintage Naschy that experienced fans enjoy, but it could have been a lot better and probably would not make a wonderful introduction.
