Waldemar Daninsky (Paul Naschy) travels to Tibet and is bitten by a yeti, making him a werewolf. He was killed accidentally after attacking his wife and her lover and then revived by a scientist, Dr. Ilona Ermann, who uses it in mind control experiments. Daninsky later discovers an underground asylum inhabited by the bizarre subjects of the physician's failed experiments. After hearing about Naschy's death from colleague Jon Kitley, I went to my collection to watch a suitable movie. In my struggle, I learned that I do not have one, but three (!) Children of Wolfman Fury. The film is of dubious video quality, the sound is called in a mediocre manner, cinema is sometimes a kind of amber style. And the American versions have eliminated two scenes of love. Quite frankly, without a remake and uncut copy, I could not get the right film in all its glory. This film claims to be the fourth in a long series about Count Werdemar Daninsky's werewolf. I think it's true, but you did not know that in the movie itself. The plot is sometimes confused, and there is no clue that this is a sequel. If you read the Wikipedia plot summary and compare it to what is printed on the box, you will see that I am not alone in my confusion. Perhaps the shortcomings of the film can be forgiven if we understand the hell of production that has passed. While floating around for years, it was only launched in 1973 because of the problems of finding a distributor. Naschy also said in his autobiography that director Zabalza was an incompetent alcoholic and that he hated to work with him. These are not easy allegations and I have no idea what Zabalza had to say in his name. You'll sooner or later find a version of Wolfman's "Fury." It appears in a variety of packs of three packs and box sets, so you might accidentally buy them and not even you really know what's really going to happen, it's a smooth American version with a decent mix of sound and video, and the scenes of love thrown back, as far as I know it does not exist, to honor Paul Naschy's legacy. and take his films to a larger audience, at a level of quality he deserves.
