The bad actors, the bad movies, the puzzling dialogue, the superficial characters, but again, was a bad premise in the first place. In fact, an 11-year-old, who is aggrieved because he has very little money, gets an empty control of a moral killer. Of course, the 11-year-old are confronted with enough technology and intelligence to buy a house, a check for $ 1,000,000, and even shoot three bastard idiots, reminiscent of the three stoogi. <br /> <br /> Preston Blake is an annoying, unpleasant little boy who decides that when a complete alien's check is written, he will take advantage of the situation as well as he can. In other words, he wanders in a bench, gives him a guitar a check that he does in his printer and miraculously leaves a million dollars in cash. Preston is also apparently able to achieve incredible bike speeds, due to the fact that a man driving a Jaguar after Preston and the 10th gear could not catch him, even if Preston jumped a string of cars. Of course, with every hokey adventure film, you have to be a hot heroine. In this case, our hot heroine is a child molesting the FBI agent who dies Preston for 11 years and promises another time when he becomes 17. However, the absolutely worst aspect of this film was not his casting, nor the dialogue its useless, such as "The only other way I could think of catching a cat is to catch a hose to his head and then raise his fur." It was rather that no one in the whole movie realized the FBI did not care about the random people. What we have not explained is that Preston uses the pseudonym "Macintosh" to act as an entrepreneur. Of course, the FBI finds this interesting and sends our young heroine after Preston, who uses his 11-year spirit, shouts first when the shoots fall on his face, then treats it with the hamburger, ending with a ridiculous story through a cemented area where water from the ground. Our heroine fails to realize during this adventure that the killer that the FBI pursues is slipping and slipping right behind the two as he heads to Preston's limousine, complete with a 1-dimensional driver that never manages to offer cheap flights, laughs that the whole family can suffocate on. Overall: 1/10 is incredibly graceful for this movie. I do not see how it's only 4,4 / 10.
