Frankly, I had no idea that Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon, the director, not the rapper killed) was still active in the 1980s! I have always assumed that the "ant empire" was the last one in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty hands saw an old and dusty VHS copy of The Coming, a total obscurity of the witchcraft movie proved to be a surprise more or less pleasant! What begins as a seemingly atmospheric story of dark darkened ages takes a stupid rhythm when a villager in 1692 becomes inexplicable in Salum, Massachusetts and immediately attacks a girl in the history museum. You see, this girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman who was a bad girl in 1692 and has falsely accused over twenty witchcraft who led to their state executions. The man who attacked Loreen has lost his wife and daughter and wants his revenge. But the poor and three centuries old Loreen is just an innocent school, ?? or is she? "Burning at the Miza" unfolds as a mix between "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General," with a bit of "The Time Machine" tossed to a good extent. Thanks, Bert! The intrigue is becoming more and more meaningless with every turn, but at least it never goes into complete boredom, as it often happens in other contemporary witchcraft films such as The Dunwich Horror and The Devonsville Terror ". The film jumps back and forth between today's events and the flashbacks of 1692; which keeps it pretty funny and fast-paced. Ann Putman is a fascinating character who recalls the character of Abigail Williams in the play "The Crucible," known and better known by Winona Ryder. There are some wonderful death sequences, such as the cemetery professor or journalist in the library, who are committed by the ghost of a malignant reverend who has made an agreement with Ann Putman and maybe even the devil himself. The film becomes quite spastic and completely absurd near the end, but in general there is a good brown fun to have. In addition, at least you can say about Bert I. Gordon that he has certainly built a number of directorial skills over the years.
