My goodness is this bad movie. I was completely mistaken about reviewing my local movie because this is garbage certified. Yeah, the good boys are wearing white men, wicked wearing black ... and good boys always win. Now go home and embrace your kids and feel how good Hollywood has made you feel. Blech! I can not believe that this dead brain movie was made by Wes Craven. I think he needed some money to pay the mortgage, so he made this piece of dung. It's the kind of production that makes someone watching movies regularly think they could do the best or better than such an experienced director. You see, a bad guy wants a sweet girl who loves her dad to do a bad thing for IL or hurt his father. But being the girl of the American ladies next door, we know he'll save the day and beat the bad boys ... at the end. ROCKS Power Girl. Now, just an idiot would find this fun ... "a roller coaster ride," not to mention something fresh or new. All those "super-duper" reviews you see on this site are from hackers in the industry who either make money from this movie, pay a favor, or sell their souls to the devil. Rachael McAdams is nice .... yup, that's all. It's not a good performance, not a horrible thing ... it's just nice. She should have looked a lot of skin to save this movie. She is not tough enough to be a good feminine action. Cillian Murphy was at least acceptable in 28 days. But here is a stupid villain who pretends to be a smart one. He puts his money in front of McAdams's 5'5 "because, after all, he was a cheerleader ... and a hockey player in the field ... and I'm sure he has all the Tae Bo boxes. , should be able to put a committed international terrorist at hand. I would not trust him to steal a 7-11 pack of gums, see this movie was done before, unless they did, Go to rehearse any of the Die Hard movies You loved those in danger, international terrorists, except that the characters are much more enjoyable and more credible, and the bad guys are more competent and more exciting. I just do not understand how Hollywood can continue to make it as shit as if it's looking at models that can easily copy. No wonder the movie's revenue is down. save 2 hours of your life you will never return Ciao, FreddyShoop
