I have seen thousands of films and I have never written a magazine, but the red eye I have seen is so inconsistent with the brilliant tribes posted here that I have to offer two cents in protest - and vote for the lower score possible to bring reality closer to reality. <br /> <br /> This is a dull, boring film that is memorable only for its apologetic descriptions of the terrorist target (John Bolton-esquire torture diplomat who is really a great guy, you do not know) and Doctor Oh, so beautiful and popular (whose best-selling book he teaches, is read by frequent leaflets around the world). The only real red eye I've ever experienced was rubbing my eyes with disappointment. Before you go to a $ 10 movie, read "Quotes (from trailer)" selected above and ask if you really enjoy a movie in which these would be the most delicate lines that could be found. Unfortunately, nothing else in this movie is better. The basic premise is empty as hell; the action is poor and uninspired, completely devoid of pro / antagonist chemistry; the suspense potential is overturned at every step - except for the last five minutes - by weak redirection and forward-editing; the script is full of incongruity such as: Early revelations of the heroine as a star at the University Lacrosse are questioned when she later struggles with the antagonist with a hockey stick on the pitch; and plot holes are wider than the first class (while character development is strictly a coach). And then there are moments of extreme absurdity, like when the daughter of a high-level civil servant DOES NOT go directly to airport security on the first occasion to warn them of an assassination plot against both Securitate Homeland chief and her father. Or when the same woman fits his chest along the linoleum of the airport with his piston arms and veins in her clogged neck, wearing 4 inches of heels. Or when his follower also follows a wound he suggests in his trachea. Or when terrorists use a fishing pole to lift their gun from the bottom of the frantic port. I'm always willing to suspend my mistrust, but I will not jump from 30.00 meters without a parachute. The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it portrays women who are capable (even in the form of bimbo) to handle the most extreme emergency situations - the genre of genre images lacking American films. Besides, this movie never comes off and is no more thrilling than the red-eye flight in Boston in NY. Remember the last time you were subjected to misleading trailers and shining tributes - in this forum or somewhere else? This is one of those times. Wait for the video with red eyes and do not watch it then.
