Wes Craven, you laughed at our expense. The red-eyed story is absurd ... We're confronted by a guy who spent eight weeks in common with a girl who returns to an airport behind her, flirting and discussing her successfully, somehow a place beside her in a space of two places that is not caught in the middle of a row with five chairs (check-in contacts?) and it is beautiful during a snowpower. Then once in the air, in a closed space surrounded by strangers, immediately start threatening Rachel McAdams and saying that "we are dads, do what we say or the pop receives." Well, forgive me, but they have not already prepared her father for slaughter - so much better - long before he boarded the plane and that is why she would not have been so out of the street and terrorize her in a room somewhere, forgetting the complicated father plot and not sure, pulling his fingernails or anything else until he makes the "important call" necessary, or even - because this is the movie and we need some unrealistic overthrows - keep the daddy's intact stubbornness if you have to, but dress him up better to keep him in the wrong until the complicated plot ends, without the plane of the plane? Alternatively, without wanting to sound like a real terrorist / assassin - could not have been used with much me and lightly based on a missile-based missile-based rocket, for example, a car that goes down the highway, with the inside politician, the story of a Miami seafront hotel from a fishing boat (your mind, as we already know, in Miami is lax, so they will accelerate)? I know, I know, much more fun to go through watching a beautiful girl for 8 weeks, by tricking my tattoo house to steal my wallet (which in a way - trek style star - is transported from Miami to Texas instantly ) to make her arrange a politician to change the hotel room and, well ... Well, a thousand things could go wrong here, each destroying the Great Plan altogether, why not underline items up to a sensitive hand like - 1. bazooka. 2. machine. 3. Boom! My 50-minute trip from the cinema was highlighted by the abundance of flaws and hitchcock hoodcock, which, unfortunately, was the best fun of the whole bad experience. And in terms of security back to Miami Airport ... we have a seemingly crazy and violent girl coming down from a plane, pursued by policemen, who during the pursuit goes to have coffee, moves elsewhere to read a magazine at a bar, then run like a crazy up and down all the terminal ... now also watched by mad Cillian Murphy (not CCTV then?) - I had guns pulled on me for parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds at Miami Airport,). So instead of talking to his allies - or going to the blower on a checker box directly to her father to warn him that his life is in danger, McAdams instead prefers to steal a passenger carrier from a a family in the courtyard of the airport calls the cursed security ...) and leads home to father, lowering the vehicle assassin in the front garden of the house, into a rich neighborhood of neighborhood neighborhoods, crushing the front porch - an act that, easily after an afternoon afternoon, after a moment, fails to register with neighbors who are not even curious, ensuring a further 15 minutes of concealment and the search for shenanigans, while the duo is running around the Hollodeck house. ..Dohhh actually hurts to think of all this - Cillian (certainly renamed Silly 'a to do that?) It turns absurdly from the ice assassin to the mad crazy (and mad) murderer at the end of the year, this theorizingly ruthlessly divorcing the life of the man allowing the father to live so that he can pursue his daughter to cook his goose. It would be better to stop, because the noise flow I'm writing here must seem uncoordinated like the Red Eye scenario. Had McAdams not been allowed to enter the plane, the title could have been changed from "Red Eye" to "No Eye, Dear". RR
