Rajinikanth is born again after gaining magical power that he can use seven times. There are several issues with this movie that are obvious to the average audience: Rajinikanth is still at home with his parents; the girl next to her father thinks she is a convincing boy ("vaseekaramaana paiyan"); Rajinikanth abruptly interrupts the film with his sermons, worst being the way women in recent years have done their homework - yet we must believe that he is not a theist; even if it was well read, loses six of the seven powers on a stupid kite; I can move on, but you have the picture. There are god-men, there are gods, and there is Rajinikanth. The director faces difficulties in adapting Rajinikanth to one of these categories. Initially, Rajinikanth is just Rajinikanth who does what the heroes do in Tamil - he gets up in front of the villains and, despite being the oldest, is braved by the most beautiful girl in the movie. Rajinikanth does this well and some of the Rajinikanth brand styles are actually enjoyable - "baba count" is a novelty. What makes this movie unbearable is that those few initial minutes are just a preface to the worst book ever to be written. Even that preface is dotted with some comedies that are forced and obvious. The director does not explain the hero's purpose; we see that the hero faces more obstacles (from politicians as usual), but we can not really root for the hero, because we do not know what the hero's ultimate goal is. At the end, when everybody wants him to be the leader, the hero gives him another of his sermons and goes to become a hermit. The director does not offer a solution to this problem in the climate scene. <br /> <br /> A. Rehman's score is really interesting. Whether he shows brilliant pieces or does not bother to invest fully in this film - who can blame him. There is a scene where Rajinikanth enters the truck of one of the scammers and then throws the knife and begins his babe. Music is very suitable for the moment and acts as a catalyst that adds extra tension. The songs are all mediocre, no one would bother with the songs in this movie in a few years. Unfortunately, 1 is the lowest rank you can assign to IMDb. This film has all the elements that justify its rightful place at the highest rank of IMDb.
