There are moments in this unique cartoon of pure beauty, but generally not very good. Animated animation, as well as subtype character and background design will limit mass market appeal. Character design looks like a cross between Star Wars Wars and Kim Possible (Disney's Kim Possible) (Brendan, the main character in it, also has a strange resemblance to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). mild and depressing to style and stark, but today's standards in general is still poor and cheap looking. Many of the backgrounds do not resemble eastern European or Nordic animation from the mid-1980s, beautiful in their own way, but for modern children's audiences used for CG Cognizence festivals and dogs talking with each piece of fur on their body, being in the wind, is sure to disappoint. The story is not too busy and many of the voice actors are not too impressive, obviously the brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who seems to be calling her part. There are also some secondary characters who meet as cliche and stereotypically racist. However, some of the characters are good, Viking villains, though underused, are well made and are especially preconceived in both appearance and sound. There is a time when the main character and his mentor are saved by wolves from a viking attack that is well put together. Appearance and sense also seemed very inspired by the Watership Down movie, including a clandestine hit at Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. The appearance is also clearly and clearly inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you are in these subjects, you can appeal to its appearance. The film also features moments of well-structured photographs that lead the eye in a very artistic manner, including a fairly suitable cut and a large-scale Viking attack that is very moody and impressive. The best of all this is music, much of the background music is melodic and moving, especially the melody of the face of the spirit that is really beautiful and haunted and works very well with the images it covers. If the whole movie was as poetic as this time (and tries), then it would be a very beautiful and poetic film that would not, unfortunately, still reach a broad audience, but instead it is not a shame that it will not reach an audience widening because most of it is medium and cheap and does not meet modern animation standards. Generally, a movie that has clearly shared my opinion in many ways, but all together are not great, but worth watching for music and song and occasionally, pretty or scary moment. Yes, the cat seemed to live long, was not sure how it was possible.
