DOWN TO EARTH / (2001) * (out of four) <br /> <br /> By Blake French: <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" is such a deceptive and desperate comedy he makes star home on the couch watching a comedy act Chris Standup-Rock in the TV looks like a sky. Talking about heaven, the film is based on 1978's "Heaven Can Wait." This was a good film and this is good - to demonstrate how a group of aspiring writers can take decent material and transform it in the garbage. Directors Chris and Paul Weitz miss almost every target. From concept to storyteller, "Down to Earth" fails miserably; this is an incredibly poor production. Chris Rock is a bad comedian, both in his role in this film and in real life. He plays Lance Barton, whose manager (Frankie Faison) is really sorry for him when he is defeated on stage during an amateur night at a local theater. As soon as the script sets her lack of talent, the character is killed by a low-speed truck. Death, played by Eugene Levy, made a mistake, taking Lance before his number grew. God's assistant (Chazz Palminteri) is very upset and decides to let Lance build his remaining time on Earth as long as he takes the only available body of a 60-year-old white millionaire. <br /> <br /> The old man's name is Mr. Wellington, whose life has his own problems. His wife (Jennifer Coolidge) has an affair with his assistant (Greg Germann), who robbed him of his money. But that's good, because Lance, inside Mr. Wellington, fell in love with a young black woman named Sontee (Queen King). Meanwhile, there are plans for killing Wellington, Lance trying to get a better body and confused feelings of Sontee with a situation of hospitals involving Mr Wellington's finances. "Down to Earth" has some good ideas, but they are in a useless and unconvincing love story full of recycled materials and materials. The biggest problem they face is how we perceive Lance as Mr. Wellington. Chris Rock is the actor with popularity and publicity, so he will not be absent for most of this film; all the characters see the new Lance as Mr. Wellington, but we see him as Chris Rock. This is convenient for the love story; we think a young woman would fall on Lance, but in reality he is actually an old man with gray hair. This is not so convincing. The comic situation with a joke is supposed to follow an old man who makes funny things really made by a young black man. But what inspires laughter is when the characters are confronted with conflicts without their knowledge. Look at "There is something about Mary". In funny scenes, characters are exposed to strange experiences and not to their will. Here, Lance knows he is in an old man's body and does things that the elderly would not normally do. If Lance did not know the body he had, he would have had potential. Another problem with the concept: I have never known Mr. Wellington, as we can compare Lance in when we do not know what it was in the beginning. To be able to do everything, Chris Rock has to be the focus of attention here and makes the character too much like Rock. He recites simple routine jokes that are boring and painful; its dialogue is so obvious, from wood and simple. I hated the sense of movie humor. There are so many unpleasant jokes and horrible comic situations. It's like seeing Chris Rock being Chris Rock, not a character in a movie. Let's emphasize the positions in "Down to Earth". Mark Addy does nothing worse here than in "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas." Eugene Levy and Chazz Palmentari are well distributed, but they are at the mercy of a scalp scenario. These are all the good qualities that I can mention at this time and if you give me another week to remember, it's unlikely to come more.
