Chris Rock deserves better than he gives in Down to Earth. Directed by Chris & Paul Weitz from "American Pie" fame, this unspoken remake of Warren Beatty's 1978 fantasy "Heaven Can Wait," a remix of "Here Comes Mr. Jordan", does not have profane humor , Rock an Emmy for his first special HBO. Predictably, he laughs the words from A to Z, but he consciously avoids the word F. Anyone who has seen this African-American comedy talented in "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma" or "Nurse Betty" knows he can do more laughing with the word F than the two bound by Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy. Unfortunately, despite a few single-line commas, "Down To Earth" touches Rock's bottom as both a controversial comedy and an improbable interracial comedy. "Down to Earth" completely destroys any good will that the Weitz Brothers generated with their rough "American Pie" mark. This disposable blood qualifies as a controversial and confusing comedy with an unlikely interracial love. Unfortunately, a play more than competent, including "Mark Fully's" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri from "Analyze This", "SCTV's" Eugene Levy and the new Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington Jr., legs, roles. Hardcore Rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian of trying to fix something that has never been broken. Launched by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Down To Earth" throws Chris as a messenger who rides a bicycle in the Big Apple and lights up on stage at the famous Apollo Theater in Harlem. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from a serious fear. However, his charity manager, Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal"), beats him through thick and thin. After Lance learns that Apollo Theater will hold a final amaratory nightmare, she begs Whitney to make it in line. Excuse me, but if Lance is such a stand-up comedy, why apolo invite him back? Meanwhile, fate has something else in stock for Lance. While cycling, our protagonist makes a beautiful lady, Sontee (Queen of King "Jerry Maguire"), who crosses the street but does not see the bus that collides with him and kills him. Wham! Lance Barton levitates to the sky with a halo around his head. In Heaven, which resembles a cruise night club, Lance finds out that an exaggerated angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned"), has set his death 40 years before the program. The King (Chazz Palminteri of Analyze This, the right-wing man of God) apologizes and accompanies Lance back to earth. Lance can not recover the body, so he has to live in another body. The best thing Mr Keyes can bring is the ruthless, white man, 60, Charles Wellington. Wellington's adulterous wife, Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of American Pie) and his unscrupulous assistant Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November") have just tried to poison him. Worryingly, before Wellington's body disappeared, Lance accepted conditionally as a loan until Keyes could find a better fit. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sontee again. She is a nursing activist who protests against her decision to privatize a Brooklyn community hospital that serves the poor. While Queen King brings a charisma source to her role as a health care worker, she plays a character that avoids credible motivation in her business with Wellington. Although it is no longer black, Lance not only tries to make Sontee, but also to win a concert at Apollo. "Down To Earth" presents Rock in its most unfortunate role. The reason for the comic to make this film seems questionable. Apparently he ate lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty he loved the original script that writer Elaine May wrote for Beatty. Initially, Beatty himself tried in his own version, trying to leave Muhammad Ali in the lead role of "Heaven Can Wait." The deal fell and Beatty enrolled the movie himself. According to Rock, his co-writers for a long time and he thought he could "annihilate" this classic. Moreover, he justified his choice of "Heaven Can Wait" based on his philosophy "Doing something you can do only when you're hot". Previously, Rock rejected a scenario about a touring rapper bus because he saw few opportunities to stretch his image on such a trip. As a life-less comedian in "Down to Earth," Rock does not stretch its image as it reverses it for the worst! This half-finished concert film, with an annoying plot, does just as much to increase its comic renown as the Weitz brothers! You know a movie about a comedian is in trouble when playing a nightclub scene, so you can not hear jokes, just laugh. Similarly, Mark Addy's casting, as Butington's butler, who speaks English to the Queen, but who is actually a man in Michigan, also defies logic. Addy is a real Englishman and should not falsify an accent; its focus is authentic. The main downside with Down to Earth is the resurrection of the characters so Chris Rock does not disappear completely from sight for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spends half of the film as a white guy, Wellington, audiences see Lance, highlighting the comic irony of watching the Caucasian white, alter-ego, Caucasian white, humorous ghetto and singing hip -Hop. Incredibly, Rock served as double as the executive producer of the film and one of his four scholars. The mystery is how such a wealth of talent could destroy such madness and the wrong way of a comedy. The only redeeming feature of "Down on Earth" is the superb score of Sharifi's orchestral film.
