I think "The best time" was a lost cause from the beginning. The initial premise (the boy who passes through a winning touchdown against a rival high school team, can not seem to overcome it and then tries to bring the two teams back to play) is one of the worst I have ever heard. Since Ron Shelton continued to write much better sports videos, I wonder if it was more than that. I hope this movie has not been lit by green, and Shelton painted the story as I wrote above. So we have the premise. From there, you would think or hope there might be some twists along the way to keep things livelier. There is no luck. This script follows every foreseeable cliche you can think of. There is not a moment in this movie that you will not see coming a mile away before the film reveals this and the ending ... and if you can not understand the end to the end of the first roll you did not pay attention or saw any other sports movie in your life. Robin Williams and Kurt Russell play (and have begun) in the lead. Williams is the poor schmoo who gave up the big pass and Russell is the defender who threw the passage through the brother. Do you think Russell will only rise once to see if he and Williams can make mistakes that the city has never forgotten? This is such a tantalizing comedy, with a screaming glitter that can only shake her head wondering what it could have been. Of course there are some chicks and, to be honest, there is a really funny scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems, and wives invite them to dinner to fix things. No one realizes he was invited Monday and Monday football at night. Taking into account that the two teams play a combined victory, men (especially Williams) try to resist the temptation to find out how the game is going. The scene dissolves in some hilarious bits as Williams goes to check the score using a bathing visit as a shame. When he returned, he crashed the score at Russell. Later, when Russell starts to move his wife, Williams turns the TV in their vision from another room. It's an inspiring and funny scene in a movie almost uninspired and stupid.
