Ink control is one of those children's films that could have been a great suspense thriller for children, but instead is a tired, lonely home at home that does not deserve a penny. Quigley is a criminal who just got out of prison and takes millions of dollars hidden from a high score and then we meet Preston a frustrated child whose place is taken over by his brothers to start a business and obviously the father treats them more well on his brothers, on the same day he goes to a birthday party for a child and since his father is cheap, he goes to the little children while the other kids go on coasters, then gets a birthday card and a check 11 dollars how cheap is this family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets awesome Shea Stanley were her parents meet the fans? he finds that he needs 200 to open his account while quigley gives his millionaire a banker's friend and finds that the bills are marked so he will send a "missing" juice to get the unmarked when Preston leaves the bicycle running from quigley he about to write a check when he signals the cops and screws at home, his parents scolded his bike and were grounded what? their child almost fled and worried about a bicycle? So, Preston makes a $ 1 million check through his computer and just returns to be escorted to the banker thinking he is the juice that Preston gives her money, but the real juice came and realized they were deceived by a child! So Preston buys a mansion under the name Macintosh becomes a limousine driver who says dysfunctional jokes and goes into an epic epic shopping, after which he draws Shea and talks about opening the child account you upload and about to open an account? Soon I realized that Shea was actually an FBI agent who was following Quigley and his other two accomplices, then told his inexpensive father that he had a job that worked for Mr. Macintosh and spending his day riding motorcyclists and playing with his limousine friend, he goes out to a meeting with Shea in a fancy restaurant, 10 years old and serving a 20-year-old FBI agent? Then she takes her to the street geyser and plays in the water, confusing Sheei's 300-dollar dress, but she does it well if she's a little realistic to hurt her because she's messing up her expensive dress, so quigley , and the other mad people are interrogating a small baby and the beans are draining rapidly, and Preston is pursued by quigley in a scene taken from the original script and after he hosts the birthday of Mr. Macintosh, which is indeed his birthday then when he discovers that he can not pay for the party he is sitting in the chair, and Dad speaks to MacIntosh, who he does not know about his son he's talking about, and what he's talking about is that Preston should be a real kid and that he has all his childhood before him and wants Preston to go home sooner than what? an hour ago, you greeted him about his finances! so Preston asks everyone to leave and boast alone when Quigley and the others get into the house to make Preston pay and so face a queue breaking home alone quigley revolves around a ball while Preston drives a go kart kart is hit in the groin area and several antiquities take place until the trio makes Preston surrounded and when it seems all hopes are lost Shea and a bunch of SWAT boys come to save the day and so quigley and his crew are sent to jail, but is there any hope for Preston and Shea? there is and she kisses in her lips what? what the? what the? An older woman kissed a baby on her lips. Come on, is it mentally disabled? You mean an FBI agent who knows that the country's laws would risk his career kissing a child? could be arrested on the spot! and the weirdest part of all is that she's not goodbye and she'll see him in 6 or 7 years! oh dear and so he returns home to his family celebrating his birthday so that the moral of the story is love and respect can be bought? What does it smoke? The bottom line is that it's a waste of time the morals are crushed is flat like a child's tortilla is annoying villains are comic relief blades is not funny brothers are unlikable father is even worse romance subplot is creepy his parcel deep and the only grace of rescue is the billing poet's cinema that continued to shoot the matrix trilogy and two spider-type movies, so people do not waste your money and go home alone. <br /> <br /> This was a review of Samuel Franco.
