Two years ago at the Berlin Film Festival we watched Amos Kollek "Sue" in the Panorama program, with the wonderful Anna Thomson in the lead role. It's a movie about loneliness and sex and how one thing is offset by the other. In the same section of the Festival, we have to complain about Sue's unnecessary antithesis, "Extension du domaine de lutte", which is now trying to convince us that loneliness and lack of sex are one and the same problem. But unfortunately we can not sympathize with our "hero" (as the storyteller is called), because it is useless and unwise to be tired of the company and himself. My own fault, I'm sorry. I can not understand him. It is not enough, the writer / director / actor wants to admit that it is not his destroyed self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality, which he has brought before, but the rotten society and the image of sexuality. Yes, there is some in-depth knowledge about gender relations, but we will not follow it until now ... And the point is that there is more a sign of reflection on its portion of fate, without sex. Whoever has not yet noticed is a pretty depressing film ... At first, there were some beginnings that were more accurate to sketch the situation. At the bed store, the "hero" talks about the obstacles by buying a new bed. Maybe it's too wide to climb the stairs, you have to stay home half a day ... This is a satire about a character who does not know how to take life and heart in his hands, Do something ... The film does not follow this path , but you can handle his characters with helplessness. No one thinks our "hero" is capable of instigating Tisserand for a murder. Too boring, too good, too passive (not to mention Tisserand's complex, he has an inhibition, but he can not, of course, be a killer of women!). To finish: There are women and the world, it is not a device of a modernly sexed society. Help yourself as you can, but do not follow the messages and "wisdom" of this film, announcing the bankruptcy of human relationships, without confronting the real conflicts inside.
