There were many Bigfoot movies, most of which are not good, but at least they have at least a fierce charm for them. Sasquatch Hunters is not even going to do it. It's just a crash. Sasquatch Hunters is a group of paleontologists, primatologists and forest shepherds who venture into a remote part of the Northwest Pacific Forest. Bones of a sort of abnormally high primate have been discovered in this region and because monkeys are not natural in North America to begin this leads to a scientific expedition. Sure enough, they soon discover a whole burial ground full of skeletal remains of these monkeys-like enormous creatures. I think we all know what happens to people who bother the old burial motives in the movies. The first half of the film consists of interchangeable characters who can assemble their gears, walk through the woods, stop at rest, go further down the forest, take a long enough break to investigate and discuss some discoveries along the way, more along the hiking through the forest, looking for a member of the missing group, walking through the woods, theorizing and gathering around the campfire to discuss the little they did in that day. When Sasquatch finally appears, it turns into people who get stuck in the dark while they are taken to one side at a time (in a blink and you lose it in fashion, and the real killing takes place in outside the room). All of this is boringly boring. The film wants to be taken seriously and the director is clearly trying to build suspense, but there is none to be found, so we are left with dull scenes people wandering around forests just to get somewhere and wander around forests trying to act scared at night. I would have lied if I said I did not use the liberal fast forward button to speed up these scenes. As for Sasquatch himself, like any other person in the film, he does not have much to do and does not have a distinct personality. It seems to be a more aggressive version of King Kong, which is not that bad, except scenes in which he used CGI instead of a man in a Bigfoot suit, which is painfully evident during the world stage. A part of me can not help but feel that even the use of effects on the computer to bring Bigfoot to life is a sacrilegious tad. If there is a single movie monster that I think should be brought to life only by the situation, it's Bigfoot. This is one of those movies that does not have as much a plot as it happens. That is all that is really a premise that the people involved have stretched to make a feature film without playing all the ingredients to make a good movie.
