Believe me, I wanted to like the "Spirit". The idiotic comments people made at the time of launch of how strange it was to see the old-fashioned and manual animation again, as if the last pencil-crayoned pencil was launched twenty years ago, and the more idiotic comments about how the computers had done the old old techniques, they had given me the blood ... but then, the insulting and fragrant banality I had to bear in the first ten minutes of the Spirit increased my blood even more. <br /> <br /> Character designs are generic, the animation (partly the result) is just competent, the art direction as whole, so complete, boring, that you wonder how it could have happened (we know from the "Prince of Egypt" and "The Road to El Dorado", that there are talented artists at Dreamworks), and the sophisticated use of CGI is in every case inappropriate. (Why is it bother?) There is nothing worth looking at. In a cartoon, this is fatal. But it's getting worse ... The horses can not talk, but they're more anthropomorphized and less convinced than the deer in Bambi, who can. And it seems, somehow, the horses can talk. The spirit itself frees the prologue (calling for the whole world as a 21st-century actor from a California mall), and since then, his naked, undecided story, barely separated from the soundtrack, though never once tells us something that he does not I have already known him, or express a feeling that the work of art, even if it is not, has been unable to express twice as well. This prologue, by the way: (a) contains information that the Spirit, which we discover later, knew the way of knowledge; (b) express ideas that Spirit would lack in the power of expression, even if they could speak; (c) includes new age rubbish such as "This story may not be true, but it is what I remember"; and (d) will give countless children (the production is divided, I suppose at six years) the impression that the horses are native to North America, which is true, by the fact that the common ancestor of domestic horses, zebra etc. They originated in North America - but all horse species on the continent disappeared long before the first humans arrived, and the Mustangs from the Flock of the Spirit (who would "belong here as buffalo grass") were descendants from horses introduced by Europeans. <br /> <br /> So the prologue has bothered me quite often. As often as talk of Spirit, Bryan Adams singing, as usual, as if he had a heavy infection - and is NOT THAT singing or even HOW he sings, is what he sings: narratory ballads that contribute even less, if possible, than the narrative spoken by the Spirit and which sounds like it's exactly the same song (though I paid special attention and was able to discern that it probably does not). If only Bryan Adams and the guy who claimed to have been able to unleash for a minute or two, the film could have taken its true form: mediocre and derivative, rather than strayed by falli.
