For anyone who likes predictable movies with a horrible soundtrack, lack of dialogue, Wazoo clips, and stereotypes that happen to be typical of an American movie, do not look anymore. DreamWorks if he wanted to save money to win his voice talents or even wanted to create an animated episode by National Geographic; anyway, they have been able to offer a rather gentle and boring film. Spirit: Cimarron's Stallion is a fest that transmits mixed signals to children and adults, but fails to have fun despite the oh-cutesy theme of animals triumphing over humans. After watching the wonderful animations, what is left is nothing but a big mess. The spirit is about a stallion that from the beginning of the film looks like a fairly large hand because it is a horse that can not be tamed, calmed or controlled. For this reason, he rises and becomes the leader of his tall horse group, including his mother. But his life of freedom and running stops suddenly, being captured by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the Wild West with the rest of the country. Meanwhile, the Spirit (never actually called the whole movie) is engaging with a brave American woman and a female horse, and has many run-ins with cynical and cruel army men who seem to not believe in giving. <br /> <br /> Why movies must mix computer animation with traditions? Apparently he looked more like eyes, for Spirited Away also suffered. The best example is when a train is pursued after Spirit; see the Spirit pulled by a hand running from an animated computer train. It would look a lot better if it were one or the other, but not both; unless you can really shoot some beautiful effects. Beast's famous beauty and dance sequence uses computer animation, but it's not nearly as obvious as the train or snow in this movie. The opening sequence was the best part of the movie, kind of sad to see the rest of the movie a little down in quality. A small scene has multiple; I want to say more similar pictures of a general's face, quite repetitive and annoying in my opinion. Kids may enjoy this film, but with a lack of dialogue, song and motivation, it could be a perfect technique to make the kids sleep asleep. While Disney becomes criticized for its animated musicals, it ends much more fun than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this. Bryan Adams has no place in this movie, and why does Hans Zimmer no longer use a Western theme in this movie, when it's a story that takes place in the Old West? Soundtrack sounds a little if you ask me. At least they use realistic horse noises, two points for that. However, if you give up talking about horses, why even have a narrator interrupt so often, who happens to be the main character? people are evil, killing natives, torturing the horse, mad monsters, psychopaths to be destroyed. More or less, this is what the Spirit shows us. It reaches a point where it tries so hard for spectators to hate Western Wildlife travelers; even had a scene of some horses that trailed a huge train on a hill and another scene of destroying a whole Natives village. Now, the person with whom the Spirit is friendship has happened to betray him, more than once, yet this is forgiven, apparently because he is not a soldier; this or because he has the sassy female horse. <br /> <br /> Spirit is not exactly a victim to which we should be wrong; the spectator should sympathize with the Spirit, despite the fact that he puts his entire group of horses in jeopardy, causes disaster and can even lead to a series of out-of-screen deaths that are left aside because not, the Spirit has trouble! This film becomes quite rhythmic, as we see in several situations that the Spirit escaping from chains, hitting people, destroying property, freeing the horses, and then capturing again - in the same order. The writers seem to have an obsession with rocks because they are sprinkled all over the film; for a movie in the West of the West, definitely have very little place to take a stroll. Bottom Line: This is, of course, a Disney movie, as a matter of fact, is a bad thing, even if it was what they were targeted for. So instead of typical music, we get a boring movie that becomes predictable, boring and slow in several situations. Even decent animation becomes inconsistent when computer work is thrown in. Everything about this movie was wrong; of the ideals that then the non-native Americans were bad bangers, the soundtrack and the musical score that seemed so far. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which has nothing to do with the Old West, has more than just a Western film. Do yourself a favor and completely ignore this by all means. Thank you.
