It's nice to see Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer make a monumental piece of cinematic trash. It's nice to see so rich and "successful" people, losing their time on one of the most forgotten, tribute and pathetic films of all time. This film is the worst of Hollywood. What is this? It's based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic news news and facts that I read today in the US. But then the film moves away in a fantasy world and a "Cuban" refugee will do it in the American subculture of drugs; like Rocky on cocaine. Is it a movie about Cuba or Cuban? For my life I do not think there is only one Cuban in this movie. The accents are totally false, and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for American values ​​in West America. The whole scene seems to be something of Dick Van Dyke's show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like L.A. transposed in Florida. Otherwise, a palm is a palm tree. It's a romantic novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from getgo, and there is no way that these two characters can ever care for each other. Is it a drug movie? Well, it's not even talking about obsession or addiction. Actor's behavior after a coke line is nothing more than a drink of water. Of course, the act is terrible. Let's get to the rest. Music is disgusting and sounds like Latin music or something from Lawrence Welk's show. I think I heard a polka? Works on the camera are tangled with too much movement and much more cranes than ever could be. Obviously, the photo budget was excessive. The sound is whitened in several places and the dialogue seems to be in a warehouse. Writing is terrible. This is one of those films in which the script is written. You are dragged from one piece of dialogue to another, each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks. So I'm going to ask, is it really a movie? It could be a series of drama patched together for two and a half hours. But at least a series of drama has a kind of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of bad scenes made together. Whatever it is, film or not, is a piece of stupidity.
