THIS IS CONTAINING SPOILS. I have rarely seen a movie that is as incredible as this one. And being French, try for the depth by being enigmatic? nothing makes any sense. Léo is a homosexual and just announced at breakfast to his family that he is HIV positive. The youngest brother, Marcel, has not yet come to breakfast and the first thing his family is doing is deciding that at the age of 12 he is too young to be called. Maybe if it was four or five but twelve? The first thing that is totally unbelievable is that the family does not ask where and how it gets the virus, how long does it know about it? nothing is required. He only worries Marcel is finding out. This is a very close provincial family, but although they decide not to let Marcel know about Léo's HIV positive status or homosexuality, the rest of the family accepts all these news without any question or reaction. How many families do you know where parents / siblings would not at least RESIDENCE at one of the members who announce that they are gay? Here, nothing. Léo decides he has to go to Paris to see his ex-boyfriend. And he decides to travel with all the people, Marcel. Do you know someone to bring his younger brother to see a boyfriend? Again, absolutely incredible, especially since Marcel should not know his medical problems or his homosexuality. If this is how the family decided to let him know, it is pretty brutal and once again incredible. Léo goes to find his boyfriend, Aymeric, at his work in a bar in Paris. The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until early in the evening. But why would Léo want to see him at work? Why not phone and arrange to see him in a more private place where I can really talk? Why do not you go see him at home? But no, Léo appears later that day (with Marcel in the wagon) and is surprised when Aymeric does not let everything go with him for five minutes. Aymeric says he is no longer available, that Léo left him and that Léo did not reply to any of his letters. Léo says, "But I love you," and then he wanders. But if he really loved Aymeric, would he not at least say about his status of HIV, warn him to be tested and receive medication? This would be the least he could do? but not a viewing. He either leaves or warns Aymeric that he could have contracted the AIDS virus. Is this totally irresponsible of him? and filming; this movie was apparently done for a number of French televisions for young people? is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here? I think "every man for himself" is still the French way of doing things? Another aspect of the film, which was absolutely unbelievable, was the "delicate" look. Everyone always leans on someone, kissing someone or kissing someone. Inside the family and outside the family. I've never seen anyone in France, who would be HERE, physically, never a whole family. Seated at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother has sharp legs in his big brother's lap, and the older brother strokes his leg, while everyone around the discussion is about something. How many brothers do you know who are physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old entered Marcel's room, wondering, "What is it, can not you sleep?" Then he takes off his clothes and, completely empty, lies with his brother and bends they were lovers. This and another similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave some incense to the film. Sorry, again, I do not think this is a regular behavior among teenage brothers. The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are really good? especially Marcel in the lead role. But was not that enough? HIV and AIDS are far too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to bury Léo, but once again, Marcel was left out of it? he was left in the care of a cousin (I think). However, he sneaks and follows the funerals from afar. Is that what such a close family would have done? It is absolutely inconceivable that he would not have included him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the film and it was the last straw for this viewer.
