The recent boom of US television show shows hit a pitch fever from the first episode in "The Bachelor." The unexpected audience was subsequently subjected to countless clones and variations, including The Bachelorette, Joe Millionaire, Love For Money, and Married to America. In hopes of recovering this trend and attaining and simultaneously exploiting a new demographic, Bravo unleashed the disastrous world of "Boy Meets Boy". And maybe they have mercy on us all. The premise is simple and is conceived to be heart: an eligible homosexual man is courted by a number of suitors, eliminated showing the show until it does not stay, but there is a turn. Half of the men are actually right. This is not a very important thing, but the inherent viciousness of the scenario begins after listening to the salary: if, at the end of the show, a homosexual man chooses a right man in disguise, the right man earns prize money. The homosexual man receives nothing, or at least nothing but a few sharing gifts, a bed on his back and a consistent round of "Do not you feel embarrassed?", Thank you for playing! "Like the" Eye Queer for the Straight Guy "(another Bravo program), this show is another example of stereotypes running amok. What makes it even worse is The fact that the right men are playing UP these money stereotypes The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in a man's hair, dress Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of design sandals, It's the equivalent of homosexual to put a black interpreter in black and just as offensive to those of us as I am - who are really gay and do not dress / act like that. it means that homosexuals do not have variants or chances of individuality, they can not behave like real people, but only as stereotypes, it does not matter that the bankers of the suitors are lacking in all sorts of diversity. are white and all look too clean and clean. This is another example of how, instead of favoring acceptance of homosexuals as dynamic individuals capable of variation and change, Hollywood once again took a stereotype and run with him to the bank. I feel very dirty looking at this show, as a homosexual man sees this unspoken parade of soft pornography masked as legitimate television. 1 out of 10.
