I really wanted to love this show. I really did, honestly. For the first time, homosexual spectators receive their own version of the "Bachelor". With the help of Andra's obligatory "hag", James, a thirty-year-old benefactor has the chance to love with 15 suspects (or "colleagues" as mentioned in the show). The only problem is that half of them are right, and James does not know that. If James chooses a homosexual, they have a trip to New Zealand and if he chooses one, a straight guy gets $ 25,000. How can it be fun? Take my hand, let you walk: <br /> <br /> The most obvious problem with this show is the bachelor himself. James is your typical young and successful guy with a beautiful smile and body, one that would probably give you two glances at your local bar before grazing for greener pastures. Why they chose to throw James as the leading man is beyond me. God knows there are so many other gay men that are calmer and alive where they are on the TV. Apart from his physical appearance, James is as interesting and interesting as a piece of chalk. Even so, he has this arrogant, arrogant and bold aura about him. However, if James stood up against a white, empty wall, he would mix it directly into it. Frankly, I can not remember any interesting or noteworthy thing that James said during the show. He is too awful and forgetful. In fact, one of his colleagues advised him not to feel the connection. I thought it was the best part of the show. James also speaks with an annoying inclination of annoyance. Female sound or masculine sound, but no tones of seg in the middle of sentences ... so painful to stay. I hated them so much throughout the show, which I continued to think, "Choose a right guy and humiliate yourself and your unhappy fall" <br /> <br /> Then we have enthusiasts. A remarkable crowd of gentlemen who seem not to care about what's going on. Equally vapid, they seem to be indissoluble from one guy to another, except for "Hey, the guy who has a blond or hairy look." Again, amazingly inept casting decisions seem to be the purpose of this show. Although it might be compromised to introduce roles, it would have been much more fun to look at than these amorous drones. However, in all their banality, they still manage to face James (which is not so difficult to do anyway), that is, a little. You know you have a problem when some of the boys are actually stronger and more interesting than the top man. And the fact that the suitors seem to have more fun around ANY than anyone else than the ruler? Very sad. I also thought the ID shows something mentioned on the message boards I actually felt: straight men are stronger than gay men. <br /> <br /> Do not misunderstand me, I do not say that all gay guys were hateful and boring, actually we found some nice guys. It's just that they were just BLAH, compared to the men you saw on shows such as A Shot At Love with Tila Tequila or The Bachelorette. I do not know how many times I hit fast ahead during this show. I can accept a main character so interesting as a cardboard box, I can accept good, apathetic acceptors, but PRAY for the love of God to have fun just a little. You're not lucky. If you expect drama, intrigue, sex or excitement, you will definitely be disappointed. The biggest "drama" comes from the fact that one of the boys still has a friend in New York (How scandalous!). As titillating as I can guarantee you, this is the only thing that resembles away from any conflict on this show. Of course there is a twist, but if you have any opinion of Gaydar in you, you (which was not at all difficult, we were just once wrong). This show is stacked so much of its chips on the contour it does not deliver elsewhere. We come to watch James & Co live along such exciting activities as learning how to dance the West, buy gifts, visit a zoo and karaoke gay. YAWNING. Make sure you have occasional topless dances, but who cares when anyone is boring anyway. This is one of the main issues of the show: It does NOT seem that they DO NOT enjoy themselves - they go through the movement that is trying hard to appear to have a good time. And you really can not blame them, because the events are totally unimportant and blades. Finally, the physical appearance is not there. There is no cock, no comfort, no kiss (!), No endearment of any kind. It's just, "Okay, it was a tedious one, I'll go back to my nasty, sticky dwelling that lives in Sydney Operahouse (CYA Lips)". This show is so prudent that it's ridiculous. I understand that they do not want to play the perceived indiscreet role of homosexual men, but to come to him as well. People who watch real-time TV shows will want more than hugs in standoff and courtyard kisses. This issue refuses to be compromised. We are sorry if this has been a long one, but I felt that these were issues that had to be addressed. I congratulate Bravo for the first show of this nature, but the amazing manner of incompetence in which this show was treated is the humility of the mind. To summarize the three points: Boring + Boring + Boring = go do something else. You will have more fun waiting at a doctor's office for a meeting, at least having interesting magazines there.
