The film seems disjointed and generally poorly written. The script moves over time as if 10 people wrote it and none of them communicated with each other. They seem to have wanted to take a page from Miracle on the 34th Street (original), but it's so poor that the movie breaks apart. This movie is just for the very young, and even they will see that anyone who has written it knows nothing about baseball. Such as: <br /> <br /> ?? When Angels are in the last dead place, the owner does not seem to care and is not bothered by the fact that his manager has fought a pitcher with him? MOUNTAIN? or that he placed the POINTS of the game by the player who played on the live TV. However, when the team is a game to win the division, he gets naked from a story (6-year-old) that the manager receives help from a child who claims to see real angels. What sounds worse? Has he lost the violent control manager, whose team lost 15 in a row? Or a winning coach on the edge of play-offs, acting a little eccentric and helping children to encourage their children? The owner's reaction does not make sense. And he moved to change his thoughts by Maggie and his speech "coming out of the messy corners" during a press conference. Angels should play for the division in the final weekend series against White Sox, but at the end of the game, the reporter continues to say that the angels "have won." The fanion is not decided until someone wins the LEAGUE championship, not the regular season division title. Whitt Bass, the goofball jug is the starting head and wins the game that breaks the eels that make the mistake, then is the jumpstart? VERY NEXT Day. Mel Clark (Tony Danza) is declared in the ninth inning to throw 156 land in a low-scoring ball. Typically in low-score games, the number of pitch is much smaller than this, typically around 80-90 terrain. "AL" the angel says at the end "Championships must be won on their own" even if he and his angels manipulated and fixed games throughout the half of the second half of the season. I could go on, because there are many other examples where the story is for younger children (under 10 years), this movie can be fun. Is it too bad ?? he did well, it could have been a classic one. That's what happened so wrong and it's a miserable mess that will live forever like a UHF / cable washing on the morning of the morning.
