WARNING! This review will reveal the end of the movie, "Scoop". If you do not want to know how the movie ends, do not read this review! "Scoop" is so bad that you think "Annie Hall" was a fluke. <br /> <br /> It becomes a star because you can see Hugh Jackman's naked chest. This is the only thing "Scoop" goes for him. Misogyny's Woody Allen, and his fixation on quite young women at this time to be his granddaughter, broke any ability to make movies they may have had at all times. The plot seems promising: a ghost, Ian McShane, leads a fluffy-headed student, Scarlett Johansson, to investigate if an English lord, Hugh Jackman, is a notorious prostitute card killer. A magician, Woody Allen, helps the girl. Despite the fact that the movie is absolutely promising, the film has no charm, no humor, no atmosphere. It's a stunning lead, amateur effort for someone who has made even a previous movie without a mind of dozens. Perhaps Allen had a stroke that became unpublished in the press. Much is due to the fact that, unlike his earlier films, Woody Allen, now a septuagenarian, has allowed ONE SMALLER to lead the girl. <br /> <br /> It is not so. In fact, the plot is built in such a way that the girl does not receive anyone. There is an early stage in which Johansson, without any central reason for the film, allows himself to get drunk and seduced by a strong, older director. "Seduced" is a euphemism for what is happening. It's a moment of "slam, bum, I have to go". It has nothing to do with the plot, and it cheats Johansson in the eye of the viewer. Why did Allen add that unnecessary scene to the movie? Because he shows a powerful director - like Allen - who has sex with the lead female. Allen makes her cake and she also eats it. Johansson is not yet an actress. She does not know how to command the screen except holding a tight, cut-off top. She imitates Allen in a few scenarios and that looks strange and sad. It does not help her character to be scripted like a doll that can not work without a ghost or an elderly person and less than a magician inspired by the amazement, telling them what to do at each turn. She is about half the age of Jackman and she meets as a very poor presence in their scenes together. > <br /> The audience members who are not obsessed with breasts deserve better in their heroines, and Jackman deserves even better - a scenario that gives the heroine some intelligence and agency and an actress who can convey these qualities. <br /> <br /> Hugh Jackman is similarly deceived by the script. Allen apparently can not stand that Jackman is so handsome and young, so he does not give Jackman anything to say or do. Like Johansson, he is only used for his good looks. It's a shame because, as Jackman has shown in any number of productions, from "Oklahoma" to "X Men," he can act. Here's the big plot plot - Jackman, the English charm, is really a killer. So, although the film says it's just about leaving someone else, other than Allen, she does not do anybody. Jackman, the man he loved with, is a man who killed a prostitute. Nothing, Woody. A nice way to punish your heroine because you do not understand. In an aggressive passive touch, Allen also deprives the heroine of his own presence, killing his character, the magician, leaving Scarlett Johansson alone at the end of the film. A final note: At my screening, no audience member laughed at any time during the movie. Always a bad sign when a movie is published as a comedy.
