I saw the house full when I was younger and I do not understand why I did. I do not remember that I enjoy the show very much. I think that most Americans who follow this are hypnotized by their evil. It will put you in a state of trance and you will not come back. I'm still stuck, but I'm trying to move on. I know it's a family show, but that does not mean it must be so bad. The show is cliché SO with each episode ending with a "word" from father, to make all the problems disappear. The characters on the show are all wrong. There is a knowledge of all, obsessive cleaning, father of corny you want to punch in front of every time he comes to the screen. Then we have a supposed uncle "rocker" that is just there to look good enough for mothers who have to look at these nonsense. We have another uncle who is completely unhappy, who has sudden impressions of Bullwinkle (I have to say more about him). There is the biggest daughter who can not act and always cry about something. Then, a middle-aged daughter who always says, "HOW MUCH!" to almost everything someone says. Eventually, she is the youngest daughter of Michelle. Do not make me start with Michelle, but the horrible actors known as The Twins Olsen. If you believe in Christianity, I think you will associate it with the antichrist. Always ask for things, trying too hard to be "cute", says constantly "DUH!" and turning her eyes, which makes you want to hit her. I am not a great fan of using many physical abuses as a punishment for children. But in her case, I would accept it. She needed it every day. She is the most selfish character ever to be introduced to television. An example is when her rocker uncle is busy doing his own work in the attic. The arm decides to constantly annoy him and ask for his attention. He screams at her and gets upset. POOR CHILD! The rest of the episode deals with her emotional needs, and her uncle finally apologizes. UGGHH! The performance will lower your IQ with the slow destruction of your will to live. I am surprised that we do not hear in the news that the full house is playing in the background when the police find people who have committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and do not look at the repercussions of the show. You'll thank me later.
