What's the most horrible movie ever made? The gynecological nightmare of "cries and whispers"? The Fassbinder Acid Psychodrama? The unpleasant black comedy of "House on the Left?" I'm sure that that part of the film-loving audience who binds the pillar of good ship Buster Keaton, there's only one answer - any of his soundtracks. > I do not know what my soul sneaked more into this film - Keaton's complicated and expansive physical art, to the stuffing, the painful hesitation of this street director with dialogue - not that he does not have a beautiful, comical voice, or that can not make a funny dialogue, but the studio does not seem to give him enough kicks and so it seems he's trying to remember his lines before delivering them, which only makes Keaton, not his character, look stupid, or is it humiliated to see Keaton caught in a hardcore sex deal when he gave us some of the richest accounts of romantic frustration in the movie? No, I know what it was most disturbing - I have to watch Buster Keaton, what the greatest comedian of cinema, to sit aside to notice that Jimmy Durante is making his schtick. It's horror, like that, that Dantes gives you the composition of Infernos. MGM seems to have had the curious idea that the best way to adapt Keaton was to turn him into a Marx brother, complete verbal pedantry, elaborate, overwhelming "clowning," Shambolic paper, theatrical setting, triumph through chaos and Thelma Todd. Keaton was not a kind of comic, and where Groucho's tongue and evil and opportunism might have done so, Buster's unequally social teacher can not, it's too studied and predictable. <br /> <br /> What Buster needed to be allowed to experiment as Lang in 'M' or Rene Clair; he would never have tried to keep the flow like Chaplin back. When a movie like "The General" signals - which bothers with trains - the loss becomes even more obvious. And things are in patches in the middle of the plane direction, the movie is not that bad - there's an excellent jolt when a room on the bus leaves Keaton alone in a train station; and the outcome, if not original, is at least livelier than what has passed before. There is something almost crushed by how Keaton slows down a plot that needs all the zip that he can get. <br /> <br /> There is a movie here about loneliness, the emotional paralysis order, the numbing effects of education, etc., who are struggling to get out. The best way to appreciate this film is not to follow the story of Professor TZ Post, but of the emblematic genius Buster Keaton, trapped in a mediocrity prison, confused by the new technology, mocked by a frightening fate (in this case the studio) a stoic grave. By looking at it, it becomes a kind of masterpiece.
