To be a Buster Keaton fan you have to wast your heart regularly. Most of us meet Keaton in one of the brilliant films of his great independent production period: "General," "Navigator," "Sherlock Jnr." I recognized him as the biggest figure in the entire history of film comedy and we want to see more of his films. Here begins the heart process. After Steamboat Bill Jnr, Keaton's father-in-law, Joseph Schenck, pushed him into signing a contract that put Keaton under MGM's control. Keaton became just another actor to rent, realizing someone else's scenes. Then, alcoholism got worse. After Steamboat Bill Jnr, Keaton has never done a really high-profile movie. Several sources describe a masterpiece of comedies that Keaton claimed to have almost done at MGM: a parody of the "Grand Hotel". Biographer Tom Dardis offered convincing evidence that Keaton did this story. The increase in pain is due to the fact that, among Keaton's many years of constant decline, he came from time to time with a good film ... like the short comedy "Grand Slam Opera." We continue to look for the lost videos of Keaton's dramatic scene with Spencer Tracy in "It's a Crazy Mad World": a sequence in which terrible cop, Tracy, is teleporting an old Keaton kidnapper and trying to recruit his help to steal Smiler Grogan's money. This movie is almost certainly gone away forever, but I keep watching. "Speak Easy", unfortunately, is one of Keaton's films since the beginning of his decline. MGM tries to build Jimmy Durante (who, coincidentally, played Smiler Grogan three decades later) as a new comedy star. Unfortunately, MGM attempted to build Durante by fighting with Keaton, whose comedy style was simply incompatible with Durante. (I was a fan of the two). Throughout his career, Durante was a fake scene fake: he knew he was built at the expense of Keaton and Keaton was the only co-star Durante never tried. Keaton was often expressed as the victim of extremely cruel machining. In "Speak Easy", he plays a professor and kindly professor at the Midwestern University called Post (because it's as woody as one), receiving a letter informing him that he has inherited 750,000 dollars, which he must to travel to New York City to claim. Does he have a phone to check this out? Does it even check the postmark? Not; takes his life savings from the bank and hurries to New York. As soon as he disappeared, Post's servant testified that he had written the letter (false) to remove Professor Post from him! Post, who thinks he's a millionaire, crosses the paths with Jimmy Dodge (Durante), who tries to produce a music magazine, but has no money. The characters that these two brilliant comedians play on the screen fail to interfere. Keaton plays one of these eggs (such as Lord Logic in "Viz") that intelectuals everything. Durante plays one of those annoying hepcats that is incapable of making any direct statement because the script always requires him to speak in slang. There is a painful dialogue scene where Durante tries to talk to Keaton about money, but instead of coming directly with him, Durante must use increasingly controversial words about slang such as kale, cartwheels "and so on ... while Keaton, of course, has no idea what Durante is. I'll give Keaton credit: his own dry and dusty prey voice, his Kansas flat accent, is absolutely perfect for the character he's playing here. Sidney Toler, looking much thinner and nicer here than he would be a year later, is impressive as the exciting director of the magazine bankrolled (on the check mark) by Professor Post. Henry Armetta, which I have never found funny, is even less fun than usual here, giving him a gag with a stupid payment. Thelma Todd impressed me here in a more vicious version of her role in "Horse Feathers" (a much more funny movie). Edward Brophy, one of my favorite actors, is wasted. Part of the "Speak easily" issue is that the supporting characters behave in a completely inappropriate manner. Keaton's lawyer appears at Durante's theater with an urgent message to Keaton ... but he's not there, so the lawyer goes into disclosing Keaton's personal business to the first stranger you've met. (Of course, the lawyer, Buster!) In another scene, Professor Post - the guy who perceived that he banalized this musical - bludgeon in the changing room of the choir girls and all the choir girls again screaming and covering. I know that modern girls will never react this way, and I seriously doubt that choir girls in 1932 have behaved like this or ... certainly not in response to the "angel" controlling their visions. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS ARE COMPLETE. About half an hour in "Speak with ease," the great Jimmy Durante sits on the piano, hurries himself into the room and makes a small little shield as he begins to sing a song. This is the moment when I thought that, ultimately, this film will eventually settle for the purpose of having fun. Unfortunately no. The most annoying of all is the end of this film, which uses the most unclear and implausible cliché in all comedy: one in which a completely incompetent dimwit becomes a comedian of the star through his own ineptitude. (Keaton would have forced to resume this cliche in a 1955 episode of "Screen Directors Playhouse", Chaplin already used it in "The Circus"). I almost cried - in anger and pain - to the opportunities lost in "Speak easily". Most of the respect for the work that Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophy and Miss Todd did elsewhere, I will rate this movie with 2 points out of 10. <br /> <br />
