For most younger viewers, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. So for this reason, they probably will not feel so sad when they see this movie like me. I happen to be a strange strange comedy - seeing almost every Keaton movie still in existence. Being a great fan made this movie very painful from start to finish. This is because, in his silent days, Keaton was a very vibrant and creative comedian. He was amazing in his physicality and his films were almost never boring. However, in a move that film historians are still embarrassed at, at the end of the silent era, Keaton ceded his independence and became a stock MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM saw Keaton just as an actor - and wrote scenarios for him that did not respect what made him great. At first, these MGM movies were not that bad (like CAMERAMAN), but with talks, the studio really blew - putting it into several films with Jimmy Durante. Humber's humor was based on his gift of gabi, and he was abrasive. Keaton, on the contrary, was quiet and action-based. Two different incompatible actors would have been hard to find. As a result of this combination of death, Keaton made some really horrible movies. Now we do not have to say that SPEAK EASILY is a terrible movie. No, it's more of a time passer and an amazingly unfortunate one. Actually, if you come into the movie assuming it's a comedy, it's likely to make the movie harder to enjoy. Instead, it is a kind of drama with some comic elements. It's not a movie that will cause the belly laugh - especially for Keaton fans. The film starts in a weird setting. Keaton is distributed as a college teacher whose life is teaching. He knows nothing about the world and has his nose stuck in his books. In a bizarre motion, Keaton's servant trudges him to believe that Keaton received $ 750,000 from a dead relative - hoping that this will push Keaton out and enjoy life. This is amazingly contrived, but somehow manages to work. It's not great, but it works. Keaton leaves school immediately and goes on a trip to New York City to have fun. On the way, he meets an incredibly untouched theater crew. Because he does not know anything about the world, he does not seem to realize they are doing it. And, because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take everyone to New York to play Broadway. However, just before the opening of the show, his friends find out that Keaton is not rich. So they decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from the process servers who want to close the show. They suppose if the show is a blow, then they can pay their debts and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself smells. What does he have to do? And, will Keaton make a cute girl, be accompanied by a gold digging (Thelma Todd) or be broken and alone? If you care, watch the movie. As far as Keaton is concerned, he has some stunts in the movie, though they are almost dandy. Instead, Keaton just goes in a very subtle manner. It is very little to be loved about this movie or about hate. It's just blah .... when it should have been a lot better.
