I saw this film on the weekend, and while I was impressed as usual with the beauty and Polish film produced by the Church, I disappointed it had fallen so short that it did not inform the members and left the investigators with many unanswered questions . > <br /> The film is 70 minutes of violin from Joseph Smith's life. It's not a true biopic, because there is no coherent narrative. Most of the episodes refer to the fact that Joseph does good deeds, playing baseball, running racing and laughing at children, often in the snow. What kind of good people, good guys, that Joseph was, right? Look at him when I drink carpets for Emma's wife. Well, what do the carpets of his 33 plural husbands look like? There is nothing in polygamy. A blatant omission. And in such omissions that the film fades. It provides too little information, and leaves critical audience members wondering why Joseph is used to feasting, why he gets to prison and why he wants to kill him? The climate of the film is, of course, the journey of Joseph and Hyrum to the prison in Carthage (riding a true United Nations faces looking at Nauvoo's doors). But there is no mention of what. Nothing about Smith suppressing the Nauvoo Expositor and ordering his media to be destroyed to reveal the secret teaching of polygamy. The audience is left to ask or assume that it is just a less fundamental persecution of the Church. No mention of the fact that Joseph was accused of betrayal of the declaration of martial law and the call of the Nauvoo militia. Of course I did not expect this film produced by the Church to present Joseph Bushman's recent biography, Rough Stone Rolling, but I was surprised and surprised at how little substance was actually presented. And, worse, what substance was presented was often inaccurate. Two examples jumped over me. First of all, the translation of Mormon's book. The film shows Joseph's reading right on the gold plates in their two-ring binder, which were in fact hidden away from the site. It is well known that Joseph made his translation, burying his face in his hat, looking at the greenstone there. The second inaccuracy appears at the prison in Carthage, where the mob hurts the cell. Church History states that Joseph had a six-shooter and even pulled a few rounds before jumping out of the window and giving the Masonic signal of distress (as reported in the Times & Seasons). showing the reality of the gun, would have shaken the hearts created by those who created the film, but by omitting it they did not believe in history and did not show Joseph as he was: with a weapon and capable of defending. In fact, the impression the film gives is that Joseph was a great guy, but something of a milquetoast that everyone beat him up, threw himself into prison and eventually killed in cold blood. He was far from that; Joseph was a disciplined and determined man who suffered a lot of weight and struggle to carry out what he believed. See the movie, but you know how to go in this is cotton candy. Then take your meat and potatoes read a copy of Bushman's biography of Smith, Rough Stone Rolling PS: Church-produced movies do not have credits, but open-sighted eyes can pick a pair of familiar faces. Rick Macy is excellent while Joseph Smith, Sr. and Bruce Newbold, who loved Thomas as a believer in Christ, are here playing the Methodist minister who did not show the Christian love to a young man seeking Truth.
