It came out during the last amazement of the Western genre; unfortunately, it seems to be a very small effort and totally unsatisfactory - even if it is done by veterans in the field! First of all, the plot does not offer anything new: James Coburn escapes from a chain, intending to kill the now retired man who put him there - Charlton Heston. While the latter traps for him, Coburn defeats Heston by kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Of course, the former lawyer, accompanied by Hershey's fiancé (Chris Mitchum), is looking for Coburn and his descendants, all who broke the prison with him. McLaglen is heading to Sam Peckinpah's approach - which he never feels completely: repulsive characters, lots of violence, and the sexual tension generated by Hershey's presence among Coburn. Besides, Heston and Coburn appeared together in a Western Sam Peckinpah - troubled MAJOR DUNDEE (1965; I have to recover this DVD edition, although I recently recorded the theatrical version in pan and scanning from TCM UK). Anyway, the movie is too generic to give the state of elegance that it strives clearly (also suggested by the title): then, again, both stars have already paid an appropriate appreciation for this American genre - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973)! At least, however, Heston maintains a minimum of dignity here - his aging character trying to stay ahead of the Coburn semi-race anticipating what will be the next move; the latter, however, deals with an unusually brutal role, and really only comes to the climax (recognizing the moment of vengeance by forgiving Heston to assist in Hershey's rapes). Apart from the latter, this long sequence sees Heston trying to trick Coburn with a trick borrowed from his own EL CID (1961), the evil gang is then caught in a burning bomb by Heston practiced and violent death of the two protagonists (as was his fashion, Heston's death takes the form of a free sacrifice!). The supporting cast includes Michael Parks, the ineffective city sheriff, Jorge Rivero, Mexican lieutenant of Coburn, and Larry Wilcox - the CHiPs TV series! - as the youngest member of Coburn's band, who has the task of overseeing Hershey (doing everything he can to keep his friends in the wild!). Jerry Goldsmith contributes with an aromatic score but at the same time unimaginable.
