First of all my sincere commiserations for anyone who bought a movie ticket, hoping to see a movie in the same mold as the fantastic Gregory girl and the local hero, but he got to let the feeling of theater disappointed and vaguely cheated. While it is true that sequels are usually bar some notable exceptions, a mistake and there is only to offer studio executives an opportunity to cash on the success of a previous movie by giving us either a reluctant retreat of the original story or about pulling a line so far away from the original intentions that the resulting movie makes no sense. In the case of Gregory's two girls, Bill Forsyth has the dubious management honor of committing both sins - on the one hand revising Gregory the Fata's intrigue, while at the same time serving a frankly incredible and moronic tale involving Scottish weapons dealers . The Grigore School is now a teacher at the same school where, at the age of 16, it has brought hopeless passion for the game at Dorothy. Although thirty-five years ago, Gregory still retains a hopeless passion, but now for the football that plays Frances, also sixteen, despite the fact that the music professor Bel specified that he is attracted to him. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress him lead to his involvement in a scheme of exposure to a local arms dealer, who also happens to be an old school friend. There is no point in going further because the rest of the story is forgetful and the conclusion has no real meaning. The main problem lies in the character of Gregory himself, in the sense that there is no gentle and charming sixteen-year-old Gregory, who actively and comfortably follows Dorothy convinced that she will eventually win over. At thirty-five, Gregory is portrayed as a rather sad and lifeless creature whose life is neither active nor comical. Out of work, his time is spent watching Noam Chomsky's videos and reading magazines about international injustices. As his friends and family in the previous movie apparently disappeared, saving two unnecessary scenes with his younger sister who does not give him any advice or seems to be at all interested in his life, I'm confused about what Gregory really wants , who he is and why he is as he is. Why, for example, is he a friend? Why is he never seeing his father still alive? Why did he return to the school he attended once? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why has he become so pathetic? Why is it attracted to Frances? Why was not Bel attracted to the last twenty minutes of the movie? In the name of God, Bel or Frances see in him that it is neither gorgeous nor exciting death? Why is he still trying to impress Frances even after he and Bel have become an object and when their association threatens to disturb her life completely? Do we really believe that a Scottish gun dealer who sells torture weapons to oppressive regimes would get out of media attention, but will be embarrassed by some school children? Does Gregory truly believe that changing a handful of computers into the sea will change something? To make things worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair is trying to reevaluate his performance as a teenager Gregory to facial expressions and uncomfortable body language. Unfortunately, at the age of thirty-five, she just happens to be weird and vague. Moreover, it's hard to feel any sympathy or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams involving sex with one of their uniforms wearing students while both are on a bunch of gym mats. Rather than being funny, it just feels like pedophilia. It's hard to know what happens through Bill Forsyth's head when he wrote this script or why he believed the fans of the original film, it would include a story that is not so complete in charm, spirit and warmth that turned the first film into a " a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to make a film about a man who had refused to grow up and engage in adult life, and perhaps whose happiest recollection was to be for sixteen years and to pursue the best girl from school, but accepting that a life lived in the past is not at all a life. At least it could have been the basis of a movie that was interesting and intelligent. Like Gregory's two faces, there are 116 minutes lost and useless that say nothing and even less. Gregory's face was responsible for launching Bill Forsyth's career here, hoping that Gregory's two faces would not be responsible for his sinking.
