In the days before glory and sex, true horror films were made. The bloodbath is, in my opinion, one of the best, although other reviewers gave him mixed ratings. Strangely, it reminds of the most recent The Others, who were in the theater a few years ago. Director Antonio Margheriti remodeled his own image in 1970, now called the Web of the Spider (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). Why did this do not understand, though the remake played Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and was very good in itself. Perhaps he saw a good story and wanted to adapt him more to the American audience. Do not really know. It is interesting that he made the original in black and white and the remake in color. The Bethlehem Castle is excellent Italian Gothic. Danza Macabra is said to be an unpublished work by Edgar Allen Poe, who "appears" in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood, the owner of a haunted castle, bet American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) that he can not spend the night souls in that castle and survive. Foster eagerly accepts the bet, but regrets it soon, witnessing a series of ghost crimes. It seems the ghosts are back to life every few years, but they are destined to revive the crimes committed in life. Lord Blackwood forgot to tell Foster that his blood is necessary for them to revive on the next Night of Souls! Foster and beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (portrayed by the incomparable Barbara Steele) do not take too much to fall in love, even if their romance is doomed because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not end, but just say that Blood Castle is a romantic tragedy, because it's a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even by the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they have a better horror than anyone, and the black and white black and white movies make it bigger. Correctly, the Spider Web was good in itself, even with greater color and brightness. I liked blows, which the most modern day manager does not have the patience. Indeed, when Alan first enters the condemned castle, we are treated to a few minutes by doing nothing but walking from one room to the other, fearing and worrying the building in front of him and manners. Until the first ghost appears, the audience is fully prepared and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts, something else is not often done in standard ghost stories. There are memorable scenes, very visible for this type of movie. Crime in Elisabeth and the dance scene (somewhat similar to the similar ghouls dance in the 1962 Carnival of Souls) were particularly good. Unfortunately, few viewers of general interest will ever hear, this movie. This is a shame, for this is a cut above the rest. I received my copy from Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure if it can be bought anywhere else. For people interested in this, we need to see.
