Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little thriller of a suspense film based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a mutant ovine virus by the government to get rid of the gay world and was apparently tested on convicts in the years before the outbreak of the disease. Unless it was the pollination of the concept of the film, it would fall into the category of numerous films about the ruin of the world by an infecting organism that did not cause prejudice. Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the sheep-induced sheep virus and its effects on the convicts to which she was infused. He meets a certain contempt and resistance to a deadly theory, but he also meets some people who know the theory and support the investigation. Simultaneously with his visit there is a series of serial murders, each victim killed in a similar manner, and each murder apparently accompanied by Puccini's "Turandot" music strata, which is just about to open at the Opera in San Francisco. Police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her company policeman (Kalene Parker) are following the assassinations, while Stefan makes a series of clubs and bars in San Francisco trying to locate men who might have been guinea pigs for his father's theory. He meets a strange fool Jeffrey (Jim Thalman) with whom he has a cat and mouse attraction and a prominent Doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems strangely involved in the distribution of suspects. As everything is over, the film is a story about both the search for self-identity between Stephen and Jeffery, and the investigation of crimes. While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti are doing well with their roles (they are the only three who have an experience in the previous movie!), The quality of the film worsens considerably by the least talented, Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker, the screen the credibility of the story drops below zero. There are some small cams from other actors who shine on the screen for the moments they live in, but in the whole movie is drowned by the uninterrupted resumption of "Nessun sleep", sung by Mario del Monaco from a recording of the opera - and which seems to be the reason to make the film! Good idea for a movie and some good characterization by the actors, but there is no resolution of the initial premise that started it all. Grady Harp, February 6
