The story of "Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutant monster" died in the 1950s, mainly to the scientific fact that the journey outside the Earth's orbit does not cause people to turn into moving monsters and that the first film that uses this plot THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent science fiction film that used the idea. So, the idea of ​​having the redundant plot come back has seemed to be doomed from the beginning. We are watching the INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN, it seems that intrigue is the slightest problem of it First is an incredibly bad movie made. The budget is in unique figures and I'm talking about the pound not dollars. There is no cinema about which to talk about and there are countless editing charts. For example, a photographer takes the model (just legal) for a photo. Cut yourself to a chance in which the sun is behind the pattern, then cut into photo photography where the sun is behind it, then cut back to the pattern where the sun is ... The lack of budget decreases the film in other aspects. According to the trivia page, the budget was so low, the producers could not get any material from Saturn, so when astronaut Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn seems to shoot with the sun. In fact, the sun offers the most impressive film performance, as human actors would not be hired by a porn studio. If I had appeared in this, I would not have been scared of the monster eponymous - I would be frightened of fragments from the rest of the camp. Perhaps we should get a little out, although the obvious lack of budget is reflected in things like actors who have to wear their clothes. A general, for example, does not wear the beautiful fancy dress uniform, filled with medals - wearing a denim jacket and a baseball cap There must be a suspense of mistrust for a movie like this to work but fails on every level . The tone is set early in the movie in which Mr. Melty kills a nurse and escapes from the hospital. Instead of telling the police a call saying there was a crime, Dr. Nelson just decides to discover the patient on his own, as he would have been looking for a missing cat. It's also strange that a homicidal monster that breaks down completely can not walk without anyone observing it, but this is typical of a movie in which 70-year-old parents stop their car on dark roads for a drunkard, and people are unhappy that their wife is pregnant while forgetting the police that there is a monster in freedom. MANUFACTURING MELTING MAN is a Z grade garbage. I definitely understand why people enjoy this film because it reaches the heights "It's so bad that's good," but besides the impressive makeup effects of Rick Baker, it's not nothing but a very guilty pleasure
