A few days ago, I watched a documentary called THE MOST MORE FILMS OF ALL TIMES and here I heard for the first time the INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN. Being a lover of schido movies, I make a point of trying to find some of the films in the documentary - not just to include the INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN. In fact, MELTING MAN is the first bad movie I've ever seen and I have to say I'm quite disappointed. Although it's really a bad movie, it's nowhere near almost to include on this list. Now, before I saw the documentary, I enjoyed "bad movies" since I read the book "The Fifty Worse Movies of All Time" by Harry Medved. Despite the same title, the book went out long before the documentary, and the documentary authors never credited Medved with this concept. From the Medved book, we've seen about 35 of the 50 movies, but we've come to a standstill - the rest of the movies are not available on VHS or DVDs. So, I thought I was going to try the movie with the same name. The reason I was most disappointed with THE MAN INCREDIBIL MELTING MAN was that there were some good elements for the film. Firstly, the special effects of melting were generally very cold and disgusting. It is obvious that a professional (the famous Rich Baker) has been involved in making this aspect realistic. However, I should also point out that there are still some cheap and cheesy effects - such as the plastic head floating and the way the monsters ran after the left arm was cut - you could see "intelligently hidden" under the clothes its! As for the story, it's stupid. A group of astronauts miraculously enter the rings of Saturn without being crushed. Then they comment on how beautiful the sun is - as we see it close to it. This is strange, because Saturn is so far from him - should not look this way - should be a great speck. Regardless, the scene changes immediately and we are told that one of the surviving astronauts is in a hospital. What happened between the last scene and that? Yes, someone assumes. Well, soon, the survivor escapes and engages in a murderous murder as his whole body melts. Now, since they have a psychopath who runs on who looks like a popsicle type meltdown, would you think the government pulls out all the stops to find and stop it, right? Wrong. A general hires a single doctor to find him! No army, no police - just a doctor. Even after the bodies begin to stack, the doctor or the general never does anything to organize a significant search or get a backup. Now, given the stupidity of the film, it would also not be surprising to find the following: <br /> <br /> When the melting type runs near the doctor's house, the doctor gives the wife a strong sedative and leaves it in the house . Cute old couple is driving late at night, stopping naturally in an orchard to pick fruits and are killed. When a lady sees melted melody, she barricades the door to protect herself. She would be smart if she did not have the door behind the house next to her! Instead of leaving the house and escaping, she just waits! <br /> <br /> When a photographer and his model take snapshots, the guy takes his assistant and overturns. Why? Well, to give the audience a cheap emotion and make it a rating rated R. When the type of melting is finally located and the sheriff has a clear shot at him, the doctor stops him - even though the monster has now killed about half a dozen people. So, as you can see the movie abounds with silly plot elements. It's a really bad movie. But, given the occasional good special effects, it was not a horrible movie as I had hoped. Sure, it's good for a laugh, but not if close to PLAN 9 out of outer space in bad and never should have been included on the worst list by someone.
