No, I was just kidding. It was terrible to God. I was watching my local science station last night playing movies every night on a monthly theme. This month is "Space Turkey, or how we learned to stop worrying and loving bombs." The movies were so bad that they should not have been made. This was a good selection. Everything about this movie is completely horrible, with two exceptions, gore make-up (which has shown potential) and editing (which came out slightly in the rest of the movie in terms of being horrible). The acting is horrible around, the dialogue is horrible, the scenario, the direction. It's not a good movie. It is made up of two forms of special effects, gore and space images. I'll focus on gore. Watching this movie, I thought about myself, "What was the motivation behind this film?" People like to do things, of course, but I was hesitant to think that any good thing could have come from someone involved. We came to the conclusion that this movie was made as a means to increase Demo Reel Make-up Effects. (1977), KING KONG (1976), BABY IN BLACK (1996) and even THE WOMAN SHRINKING INCREDIBIL (1981) plus a number of other notable films. Besides, I can not say that I have ever seen a real melting man - incredible or otherwise - but I should say that this seems to be a fair representation of one. /> Now, when I think about inappropriate editing, I usually think of a scene where someone is talking on the phone, and then, in the middle of the stage, the phone rises to the shoulder or something. This movie really serves to emphasize that bad editing can take many forms. Specifically, scenes that are too long and useless. Almost every scene was dragged more than it should have been, from a little air of air to the crazy scene of cries with Cleaver Girl. And the head overturned in the river, the head is thrown into a river (in slow motion), the film continues for a few minutes, then I cut back to the floating head and take care to fall on a waterfall. While I'm sure everyone was very proud of their cut head, WHAT THE HELL? Finally, I will mention the lady / slow motion scene right around the beginning. The slow blurry move tells me they did not initially shoot the scene at a slow pace, but later they decided that "it did not work like that," then slowed it down. Oy vey. In any case, if you should ever see another movie where a hysterical fat woman runs into a room and then through a closed glass door - everything in slow motion, remember - remember the INCREDIBLE MAN, where everything started. These films are best seen at home with a bunch of friends. This is a bit slow on most of the time, but that's all the more time to come up with your own un-liners. It's not the worst of the worst, but it's pretty weird.
