I think my favorite part of this film, which merely exemplifies the futility, stupidity and inanity of the process, comes to the climax of the film. DOCTOR TED NELSON and his unmarried friend, the sheriff, eventually faced the melting man on a landing on stairs in a generating power plant. Note that Nelson searched for MM for almost the entire movie and that MM killed and ate more people at this time (including his boss), and Nelson is well aware that MM is crazy violent and hungry for humanity flesh and blood. So, the sheriff has the gun pointing to MM, which is and I give it to the film and props to Rick Baker this, the most disgusting and terrible object in human form I've ever seen. And he asks a very important question to DOCTOR TED NELSON: "What do we do now?!?" <br /> <br /> The camera cuts off DOCTOR TED NELSON, and it is obvious that Ted has no idea what to do next. Apparently, Ted was so intentional about FINDING the Melting Man, never thought of bringing some restraining devices, a lasso or a rescue band or a net or a tranquilizer dart, or a New Tape Age of Wild Wild Vangelis. So, the sheriff panic and shoots, The man of melting goes berserk, and winter follows. <br /> <br /> Maybe this explains why NASA has screwed up with the Space Shuttle program in the sub-lunar space for the last 30 years, instead of returning to the moon or mars like everyone knows that WILL either do it. I do not know. Anyway, that's the kind of lean writing and direction that highlights every aspect of this movie. It's hard to say how good the actors are, because the movie has total contempt for their characters. Two incredibly painful sequences also raise the stupidity of the process: There is a scene that presents the clearest an old couple in the world who is trying to steal lemons from a cave just to be torn by the Melting Man. This scene is a smile in the 70's cinema. I can guarantee that you have never pursued a more useless and irritating configuration, with people who looked closely in your life. And the assault on the man from Melting Man who lives in the house where he keeps a horse falling on the walls defies any attempt to process it. (BTW, I think the famous film director Jonathon Demme has a step in this scene as a redneck husband who first goes to check the house and never comes out again). The only thing that prevents the actress from chewing landscapes is that, as I said, their horse seems to be walking on it. And we're forced to track her hysteria for at least two minutes longer than a SANE film director shot. <br /> <br /> Burr DeBenning should beat the groom from the director and the IMM photographer. I remember an old Columbo episode, where it looked MORE better than here - the notion of a man, but solid and discreet. But no one can be as untouched in real life, as the director makes him look here. <br /> <br /> Anyone else gets off a bit better except for the old couple (and shut up, I know they were played for laugh but I do not laugh!) but not too much. <br /> <br /> This definitely falls into the category of cinema disasters "So sorry you can not look." Still, I would have watched again before looking at many other abortions in the 1970s and 80s ("Track of the Moonbeast" and "It Lives By Night"), and MST coverage is very fun, so if you have a chance, watch the MST version.
