Emma is my favorite novel Jane Austen - Emma understands well despite its flaws, so readers could forgive and love her and her relationship with Mr. Knightley, warm, familiar, respectful but playful, romantic enthusiasm. Mister. Knightley is the perfect man, and Emma is just as close to you in those days as an independent, intelligent and safe woman - remember, she's only 21 years old and she's sure she's matured and out of her flaws. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want to be called Mr Knightley? This version of Emma does not give you any sense on the things we loved about Emma. I could not even see it, I just found it so terrible. I could not see that warm and generous part of Emma, ​​which leads the reader to love her: The patience and warmth she shows her father; the closeness between her and Mrs. Weston, which demonstrates her desire to put her friend's happiness on top of her (as she sacrifices the only equal companion in her household by transmitting the marriage to Miss Taylor). Woodhouse's character in this adaptation seems bizarre, rather than weird, elderly and little tried. This adaptation fails to bring to life the relationship between Mr Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is based on mutual respect and affection: Knightley is indulgent in Emma's minor mistakes, entrusting herself that her intelligence and genuine care of others will never allow her to travel terribly; and Emma looks at him, though he hides playfully and continues to use his own judgment. The clothing he gives at the very beginning of the show completely exaggerates the argument between them and ruins all the possibilities of describing the nature of their relationship as described above. Mr Knightley is also inadequately attractive to bring to life the sexual tension between the leaders (or to inspire any admiration from the viewers). Very horrible. I can not understand why someone who truly likes the Emma novel can do it unless they redeem miraculously after the point where I stopped them.
