Except for about 10 minutes sublime with HB Warner on the celestial train, this was an hour of 94 minutes of horribility! The act was atrocious, but the story is what we really find terrible. The actress was woody and steady, even by the early talk standards (with the exceptions being Lee Tracy and HB Warner, none of them can do wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely horrible and lifeless like Julie (as she was in 1932, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, an excellent film otherwise). And the rest of the camp was worse, without words to describe horror. <br /> <br /> Worse than the act, however, it was the story. For an unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, a fall and user of women without redeeming qualities. He marries Julie, but he does not support her instead, lying in bed all day or while spending time with his killer boyfriend (Lee Tracy). And, yes, he never has a word to say Julie and he's beating it regularly. Julie still loves him and continues to apologize, which seems to make him more abusive. The worst thing is that this movie tells us this story as a love story. Somehow we should see Julie as a noble character, whose pure love redeems Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of this movie takes place after Liliom has committed suicide (a robbery plot does not work and Liliom throws a knife in it instead of being taken by the police). As he dies, he tells Julie: "I beat you all the time, but I'm not sorry for that." When he finally dies, he finally tells him he loves him. (No character ever said "I love you" to the other while they lived.) After his death, the chief magistrate of God gives Liliom another day on earth to do something good for his unborn daughter. The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is allowed a day on earth to see her daughter 10 years ago. He approaches her in the front yard of the house and tries to ask her to let him "do something good" for her; he tries to make her play cards, tries to give Gabriel's horn, but she does not care and rewards him. So she hits her. He. Slaps. Her. And then it disappears back into the afterlife. Looking, we see his daughter tells Julie about it. The girl says the palm did not hurt, it was a kiss. This should be the magic moment of the movie. The girl asks Mother if this is possible and Julie responds that "someone can beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you at all." Then the music swells and Liliom heads to heaven in the celestial train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> There was a single grace saved to this film, and this is the interview between the chief magistrate (HB Warner was really magnificent here) and Liliom on the heavenly train. The magistrate had some very profound things Liliom said about life and about chances and the second death. Only this scene made me record this rating from 1 to 2 stars. As for Liliom's suicide as a way to get rid of his problems, the magistrate says, "People assume that when they die, their difficulties end up for them, you thought you were killing yourself to cancel all your responsibilities. , your name is still spoken: your face is still remembered, as long as someone who remembers you is left, the problem is so unhappy, until you are completely forgotten, you will not be finished with the Earth, you are dead. Some sublime transcendent things among some of the worst trash I've ever seen. By the way, this story was apparently often filmed both as "Liliom" and as a "Carousel" musical.
