The answer of the Universe to the "Exorcist" is not a very good one. Unfortunately, the movie offers an ingenious, unimaginable direction from Michael Winner, which destroys a remarkable cast with a scenario that houses holes of plot. Not to mention, it is hardly unbearable to never explain some key elements in the story. The Cristina Raines model is heading into a growth held by the Catholic Church, with a blind, blind John Carradine, always there at the window. He begins to suffer spells and nausea. What's worse are the tenants he meets in the building, such as Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (looking great at 55) is the real estate agent who showed Raines the place. Cristina's beloved is Chris Sarandon, whose wife committed suicide after learning that he has an affair. José Ferrer has a small role as "Brotherhood Priest" who informs Mons. Arthur Kennedy to be careful as he heads to high heights not only in Carradine's homes but also in Raines. Sarandon sends a hired hand up one night to check a room above Cristina's apartment, where she heard the metallic noise and another hard rocket. He gets dead the same night Cristina "kills" her DEAD father in a nightmare. Cristiana has a blood on her, who has a blood on her, who leads Detective Eli Wallach and his partner, Christopher Walken, to investigate them with certainty that everything goes some way to Sarandon, a lawyer who has the policeman has ever beaten the suicide of his wife. This case is indeed a motivating factor for Wallach's dogmatic approach to find out which blood was really Cristina and if Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a teacher who understands this kind of Latin Cristina mysteriously understands and unbeatable actors such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this particular room that has become available right in the room) that Cristina once stood! What bothers me more than anything is the lack of explanation. Towards the end of the movie, Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we just wondered why they just left and gave up the investigation. Their characters are left on the back burner. As the priests know that "now is the time" when a certain man dies and needs to be replaced to keep a certain gate in that sea, and why Cristina suffers from the trauma he is doing is not adequately explained. The way in which certain ghosts appear only to Cristina and disappear when Gardner tries to show the cameras they occupied during the birthday of a cat (see yourself) is not properly explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the big scheme of things ... she brings people to that high growth, but what are her reasons in the movie? It seems that this movie should have been longer and clarified the things left, lost in a hurried conclusion that is just ridiculous when it should be scary.
