The prison is in Wyoming, where a new prison has hit a problem, so the state council decides to reopen an old state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years, and Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is responsible. 200 strange prisoners are dispatched and assigned to fix the imprisoned prison, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who is ordered to enter the old execution room, duly oblige, but when he enters the brick door, he shoots and all electricity, gas and fire around the prison are crazy for a few minutes. Burke unleashed a deadly dead force that is in mood for a killing and no one is safe ... Directed by Renny Harlin I thought Prison was a poor 80 late horror film that seemed to forget the little point to have a story. The scenario was made by Empire Pictures, usually by C. Courtney Joyner, who was responsible for the writing of such "classics" as the 1999 class (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys pocket of horror that I have not even heard of & seems to take very seriously. The biggest problems with Prison are that it's too slow, it's more than 30 minutes in the movie before the "bad force" is even released even though the rhythm rises to the end, but until then it was too little too late until present as I was worried, then there is no discernible story here. For the first time, he does not attempt to explain why there is a "bad force" embedded in the old execution room, never explains why this force decides to kill the random detainees when they should be on a revenge mission or why, he will kill Warden Sharpe immediately, no Burke explanation is given, even if he looks exactly like the prisoner who was electrocuted and returned, there is no real explanation as to how the Warden is connected to everything that happens besides two early nightmares in which he seems to remember something, though he has never revealed what he is or why. To be honest, I was not able to give you a synopsis because the film does not have a rigid story that crosses it. The characters are boring and forgotten, the crimes are few and far, the pacing is much farther, the whole movie is a disaster and even the ghosts can not shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. A less satisfactory way to spend 100 strange minutes is really better things you could do. Harlin's director, the complete debut of the American film, does a good job and there's a decent atmosphere, but after over an hour of uneven, boring cells locked in jail and corridors, I'm getting bored. I think the appearance of the film is too repetitive, gentle and sincerely lifeless. I did not think it was frightening, and the gore is pretty bold except for the best moment in the whole movie when a police guard is killed when a wire load wraps around his body and face, with a beautiful face of his neck being broken open . Besides, there is a burnt corpse and a budding body that falls from the ceiling and very little else. There is a scene where Warden burns all the mattresses of the detainees in front of them and then makes them stay all night in their underwear in the yard, I was watching this scene and I thought you would never escape doing something like that. There the prisoners have rights, and if they did, it would be a national cry from all those humanitarians, and every prisoner would sue the director, the prison service and the government for everything they had and won! > <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 4,000,000, the prison actually had a pretty healthy budget, although it does not look as good on the screen, sure there is a decent distribution and the few special effects that are included are good , in the same ambition with limited ambition. The prison was shot in a real state prison in Wyoming, so it certainly shows the business. The action is fine, Prison proves that sometimes the Hollywood stars do not just have a horror film skeleton in their closets, but Mortensen has two with this and terrible "The Return of the Texas Massacre Chainsaw" (1994) ) "Of course she wants to forget about her ... The prison is a dull, lifeless and colorless 100-minute loss despite a good scene I did not like at all. I really prefer my movies to have a story, rather than apparently random and strange events and incidents, with no narrative sense.
