Not me, but this movie is, unfortunately, one of those movies that are too bad to be good and too good to be terrible, which makes it completely meaningless and a total waste of time. There is nothing more interesting than a mediocre film, and my name is modest: no matter the subtitles, it takes mediocrity to a new level. It's full of actors B, but it's not fun because it's taken seriously. It sets itself up as a thriller, but then turns into a kind of racing drama, retro style. Beautiful Alexandra Staden, overwhelmed beyond recognition under makeup, looks more like a casting member from the Top Model than Modesty Blaise. I'm not one of those dead strange comic books who want every adaptation of "graphic romance" to be perfect - in fact, I've never read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch. But it was not like that. The film feels half finished, with a weak and very inexplicable conclusion in a rather weak plot. He also takes the public for idiots, explaining each detail of the plot to us and showing flashbacks of things that happened three scenes ago (I think they think we all have Alzheimer's). B-good movie - is it better than twisting your brain and swallowing a cinematic equivalent of a Calzone? - and "Modesty" is directed by no one other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us a wonderful shit of shit from Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved Dusk Till Dawn 2 for bringing everything into a bad movie that B should bring to the table - nudity, gore, arms you call it. "Modesty" is just boring. The flashback about Modesty's life is not interesting. The act is not bad enough to be laughed at. In fact, I liked the performance of Nikolai Coaster-Waldau (hey buddy, pseudonyms are your friends!) Like a baddie. So, overall, it's just a limp. Weak. Uninspired. Call yourself what you will do. Do not look at anything, because Tarantino presents it, people. This is just a very forgetful thriller with half soul, and never try to be more than that. Let me finish this review with a very lame word (seriously, I'm really back): My name is modest: a loss of modesty of time - 4/10
