I grew up and I read Modesty Blaise, both on comics and on books, and she is really a heroine for me. Though he was not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino, anyway, I was interested in hearing a few years ago that he intended to make a movie with her: she could finally give Modesty a nice treat on her screen, worthy of her? I heard about "My Name is Modesty" a few months ago and checked the stars that were given here and was not too surprised to find that the score was not too great, because loved characters often have difficulty in heart if it is not done exactly as it should. So I decided not to read any comments and to see the movie and I just just finished looking at him, and I'm stunned and sad and even angry. Sad and angry to spend over an hour of my time seeing something so fabulous that Modest Blaise's character turns into a movie that has nothing to offer to a spectator or a fan. It seems almost all about this movie is sub-par and unprofessional, although I have to admit that I've seen some actors in other movies earlier than they were good, so I can not blame them. But the script and the director ... my god, why do we do this kind of nonsense with production values ​​slightly higher than your TV average, but is it much worse? I do not know the background of this movie and I really do not want to know, but I can not help wondering how on Earth Tarantino's right face to say he loves Modesty and then puts his name on this one? It has lost much respect in my eyes. The director was not the right man for this job, and I can thank him sincerely for ruining me at night. I give this movie 3 stars and those stars go to the actors and the technical quality they could have been worse. The other seven missing stars are what this movie was not good at. Well, we hope that at some point it will be a serious production of the movie Modesty Blaise, which has other purposes than to steal money from the fans of Modesty. Though people like Tarantino are the decision makers, I do not take my breath.
