I enjoy movies that fill the gaps of the subject in the world cinema. So, after watching the Water Lilies trailer, I was expecting to like this movie because I thought I'd come across something unique: a movie that honestly describes teenage lesbian love - a feminine version of "Thing Thing ". <br /> <br /> The main characters are the French 15-year-old. Marie is thin, reticent and cute; Floriane goes out, athletic and beautiful; and Anne is loyal, bad and unbeatable from a behavioral point of view. The erotic interrelation between Marie and Floriane always strengthens this film, if not on the surface, then right below it. <br /> <br /> "Water Lilies," however, is not about the appearance of lesbian love on two teenagers; it is sexual frustration, suffering, ennui, adolescents working for transversal purposes, and in at least two cases involuntary, mechanical sex. It also proves that screenwriters and filmmakers mark their own creations when they become too manipulative. In addition, on DVD "Lord of the Flies," director Peter Brook says: "French cynicism begins with sex excitement," which means that the French consider children as angels while watching adolescents and adults with omnipresent cynicism. Part of the fall of this film is Celine Sciamma's filmmaker has conquered a strong dose of this cynicism. "Where is the joy?" I wondered as I watched this movie. Yes, the first love can be painful and frustrating, but it can also be joyful and triumphant in a fresh, affirmative manner. These positive aspects are missing from this film; there is no balance. From an organic point of view, this film wants to be a celebration of the first love. But Sciamma is too impressed with his own cynicism and intelligence and ruins the movie. First, what is the purpose of showing only nude flat girl? I know there is a traditional tradition of teenage nudity in European cinema, as demonstrated by films like "Slingshot, Rascals, Devil, Probably Little Thief, Murmur of the Heart, Friends, Beau Pere" and "Europe, Europe"; but this example is a small intrusion of the author - "You see, the audience, I can make a movie showing only the unpleasant nude." Even nudity or nudity evenly distributed would not have been an honest way to go. There is a scene in a club where Floriane and Marie dance. What follows is not just the Florians who manipulate the cynical Marie; is the movie Sciamma that cynically manipulates her audience. Perhaps the greatest betrayal of authenticity and organic honesty occurs when Floriane warns Marie that she is about to ask for something that is not "normal". Marie perfectly understands: "Who cares about being normal?" Sciamma then plays falsely with her audience and the refreshing rhythm of the film, because Floriane's request is a false, derived and substitute question - not the authentic, sincere question of the film, the character of Marie and the time-consuming spectators. <br /> <br /> Here are two moments that falsely shake the spectator's nerves: 1) Since the French - of all men - have baths wearing bathing suits and a tortoise on their boots? 2) What adolescent - of any nationality - would throw down a core of apple that was thrown into garbage to get a taste of the lover's mouth? The three main actresses are promising and, if they find better vehicles for their talents, they can become excellent actors. Louise Blachere (Anne) is the best actress from a technical point of view and she could have a successful career in supporting roles. Adele Haenel (Floriane) could become a leading lady, or a bomb, or both. Pauline Acquart (Marie) possesses an intensity and magnetism that are unmistakable. In the future, she could play everything from an emotionally ill librarian to a mysterious sensual seduction towards a reticent politician who is guided by a meteoric appraisal. Overall, "Water Lilies" was very disappointing. An honest film will be an authentic film about two young women who fall in love! No - not necessarily for the sake of this middle-aged guy - but the lesbian young girls can have something of quality that they can track and identify. And yes, to fill a void in the world cinema.
