Ulli Lommel's 1980 film "The Boogey Man" is not classic, but it's a low-budget cooler that goes beyond the average level that's worth watching. The sequel, "Boogey Man II" from 1983, is finally a waste of time, but at least it's fun if it's not taken seriously. Now I left him on the door for another sequel, and I would not have thought of seeing at least one more. One day as I sail through the videos at a mall store, I came across a movie titled "The Return of the Wounded Man." When I found out that it was a sequel to previous films, I was happy to get some dollars for that ... I should have known better. Although the opening title is "Boogey Man 3", this is not a continuation of the two higher superior films we have named above. Well, not anyway. <br /> <br /> For: Ha! It's a laugh. Is there anything good about this piece of cow dung? Let's see ... he has pictures of "The Boogey Man" and, um ... is very short. Yeah, it's about that. Against: Where to start? Decisions, decisions. First of all, this movie is a total boredom. It goes from one scene to another without anything interesting or scary. The action is stiff at best. "Actors" are probably director's friends who did not have any acting experience before and probably none. The plot is nonexistent and the scriptures are written in writing. The direction is simply terrible. The director tries to make the film show everything he has artistically, making the camera move, shimmering light and filters, but adds nothing. Music is boring and hard to hear in parts. Links to the original are incorrect. The character of Suzanna Love was called Lacey, not Natalie! And the events described at the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. Also, if it has 3 titles, why not mention what happened in the II? Ultimately, this does not add anything new or interesting to the series or genre. Final thoughts: People behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. It's one thing if it was an original film that was the first director and sucker. But instead, it should be a continuation of the movie, which is not a masterpiece, but it is certainly more exciting and fun than that. If there is ever a continuation that I doubt, then we have to forget that this has ever happened and is treated either by Lommel himself or by someone who has at least some idea of ​​how to make a decent horror movie. <br /> My rating: 1/5
