Let me say that I liked the original Boogeyman. Sure, it's a 80-year-old horror movie, but hey those types are fun to watch! And, in addition, he gave us something different. So I bought it with joy and, to my surprise, this movie came with him (just copy had in fact), so I thought "Eh, what the hell" and bought it. Mistake # 1. So at night I felt in my mood to watch a movie (actually, I bought tons of that day) and I realized that it was the shortest of all that I I bought it, so I just look at it and hit it. Mistake # 2. Yes, I heard how bad it was, but I was willing to take a chance. So, a few minutes in the movie and it's the first flashback. I do not believe anything from the beginning. Then the new record with the prediction of the chick in the tub and I like the direction it comes in. Then the next retrospective, which is a bit longer and I'm sitting there thinking of "Yes, I saw the first Boogeyman I know what's going on, so move it!" Then comes the next one and I thought I would screw it up and do it Then maybe the last one (maybe I gave the explanation quickly, but why did she sleep on the mirror? At least it could have shown them!) And I decide to move through it and then get up and the movie is over! WTF? What happened to the long hair type (Did this or what?) And more importantly, what kind of weed was the writer and the director of smoking when he did this terrible POS ?? !!! And what was the purpose of it? Was Annie just a retrospective of what happened in the first movie, or was it the first movie that happened at the same time with this? The latter could make sense because the stabbing face of Pantyhose Face it happened in 1978 BC depending on the characters in this movie and was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no, no! Because Lacey (whose film was renamed Nancy! Uli is too stupid to remember the names of the movie characters?) It would be 20 years since she was 5 when this happened and not only is married to someone who looks 30ish , a child who looks around 7 and 10! Has he entered the middle school? And why would Pantyhose be after Annie? What does he really have with the characters of the original film? And a big film error I found in this movie is that when the doctor writes in his notebook, does anyone notice that he is just SCRIBBLING? Wow, how professional, Doc! So, what is the explanation for all the questions I have asked above? It's a long film, with no opinion, that did it at all! I'll try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with that movie and that's (Maybe some extra features, any special edition of it yet?). Then I'll come back to this DVD and hopefully this review and all the rest will prevent those who have not seen it from seeing it so the movie stores get rid of it and this movie can no longer exist! Please leave that! Sorry this review is so long. I'm just angry at this movie that I was supposed to destroy somehow
