When I ordered this from the Blockbuster site, I had no idea it would be as awful as it would have been. Who knows? Maybe I forgot to take my ADD drugs that day. I know that from the moment the cast climbed into their wagon wagon, dressed in 1970s wide necklaces, bell bottom and feather hair, we knew this unsuccessful jewel of the disco era was garbage glory. <br /> <br /> The first question about how bad the story was at first, trying to explain what cosmic forces were at stake to wreak havoc on the universe, pushing the polyester and porn-quality music on the future viewer. From the opening scene with badly done effects for "monsters" in another world and then the house that jumps from the universe to the universe was as painful as observing an elementary school production of "Vaginal Monologues". <br /> <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> Throughout the movie, the sure sign that would happen was when a small ship would appear. The "ship" was suspiciously embraced by what looked like the old video and video components and would attack anyone in its path. Of course, if he moved slower than Bob Barker's intestine, but he had threats with thin pencil armor and the ability to throw a greenish threatening bullet to stop bullets and equipped with a laser capable of always cutting the balsa in an hour or two with assistance). Going on ... As the weirdness and the bell goes on ... I find out I'm trapped in a "Space Time Warp". How do we buy this little nugget of scientific information? Because the oldest male lead tells his son, in a more or less waved manner, such as the memory of "how did you win the big game" over a cup of joe or a cold bottle of Coca-Cola. Was he a scientist? No, but he knew about horses, and he seemed to have mixed up like an amateur in the theory of strings and Einstein's theories. The recording I watched on DVD was near quality. The sound was full of mud, and the transfer looked as if it had been shot from the screen of a video theater on a mobile phone, otherwise it was really really bad. (It's not enough to really describe it). I know some love this movie and compare it to other classics of worship. I have not seen the movie in the original version, but even then I think I would have come to the same conclusion: bury it fast.
