DARK REMAINS is a low-budget American horror film that has somehow won two awards. Plot seems to involve two separate components. First, a woman suicides by cutting down her wrists while bathing. Secondly, the young daughter of a technical writer finds her neck cut. The grieving couple decides to move to an isolated cabin in the mountains. Later, it seems that the cabin and the surrounding areas are haunted. As the film goes on, the two separate parts of the story finally converge as one can reasonably expect. However, execution is casual and leads to confusion that can only be solved by multiple views. Unfortunately, the movie simply is not appealing enough to attract most viewers into viewing it several times. Just about everything that could go wrong with this movie goes wrong - and fast! And the low budget can not be used to justify all the shortcomings found here. I think it would be wrong to judge the actors involved in this production because the material was simply too weak. /> <br /> Characters are uninteresting, as other reviewers on this site have pointed out. Badly written writing introduces too many people without offering them an interesting dialogue without creating opportunities for character-driven situations and without adding depth to any of them. Direction is uninspired. Inspiration from J-Horror, such as RINGU, THE GRUDGE and ONE MISSED CALL, is obvious. Unfortunately, directors DARK REMAINS have not paid much attention to the J-Horror style. J-Horror works so efficiently, because it plays on the fear of the unknown. The tension is created by constant changes between a bizarre situation (a ghost on a CCTV camera going to it, for example) and the reaction of a central character who is facing it without any warning. There is no element of humor or language in the cheek in these movies. Everything is played so right and without remorse or limitations that you can only help yourself to be convincing and captivated by it. Predictive atmospheres have set suspense and ensure that horror has a psychological impact, unlike the "jump scars" used in Hollywood movies. DARK REMAINS executives have made a courageous attempt to avoid Hollywood clichés and also successfully avoided the use of CGI. J-Horror's homage could have been well-intentioned. Unfortunately, lack of inspiration is likely to make the spectator laugh at the alleged "scare" on the screen. The makeup effects of "ghosts" were not too bad, given the low budget, but their actions defied only logic. I scratched my head several times during this movie. I could not finish it even if I wanted to. I just could not understand. All I could deduce was that it was something anti-climax. What's left? The response as a reviewer on another site has highlighted that it is boredom. The film is a chore to stay in place. Fortunately, the pain ends in an hour and a half. However, most would probably be stopping long before the end. There are only two positive things we could find in this movie - the successful avoidance of scarecrows and the absence of the word "f" in every sentence that one would normally expect to find. This is what the two stars are. <br /> <br /> Those who love supernatural or psychological ghosts and haunted horror might be good at staying in LEGENDA HOUSE, CHANGELING or J-Horror sub-genes. If you think you've seen too many movies and you want to watch an obscure, ultra-low, horror movie about "ghosts," watch DEATH OF A GHOST HUNTER. It may not be the biggest horror movie ever made, but it's certainly a lot better than DARK REMAINS and has some real surprises in the store. I advise everyone to avoid DARK REMAINS like the plague.
