The grieving body moves into a cabin on a mountain after the loss of their daughter, discovering that there may be ghosts that haunt the place, anxious spirits of the previous occupants who committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) accuses husband Allen (Greg Thompson) of her daughter's horrible death from leaving the door, and her marriage has deteriorated because of her. Julie stays in a zombie state, almost excited, distant and numb, photographing only a nearby abandoned prison, finding a stunning picture of a ghoulish little girl stuck to the bars of a cell. Although Allen sees nothing unusual, Julie continues to take pictures and we can admit that something is wrong. A local craftsman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a far-fetched man who shelters a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when it reveals that his dead mother might have something to do with Pyke's haunts. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sold the Pyke cabin are also victims, Mr Booth's alcoholic abuse of his wife, coming again to haunt him. Allen will conduct an inquiry into the history of his cabin, trying to discover the mystery of this place. A lot of ghosts move in the background in this supernatural story with a miserable feature. Christian Cheri remains so empty and lost, it's incredibly hard to connect with her, despite the fact that you understand her situation. The act, as it is often mentioned, remains frustrating because none of the characters are easy to block. I think that should be so in their circumstances, but the trouble that I had had never been able to embrace Pykei because of their steady state of aloofity. Cheri comes just as cold and detached, as a mother thinks it's a tendency to be when you lose a child like that, but the frozen nature has allowed me to plead inside to embrace it that I could never have. I think the right artists, even if the characters go through an emotional disorder, can get the hearts of the audience, if a humanity comes to us ... in the case of this film, the rulers can not do this for any reason. It could have been me, I do not know. I wanted to care about them, but nothing in my characters made my hearts. However, continuing with the film, Allen slowly discovers certain truths and has to defend himself against his wife, who has convinced her daughter is among them and will not lose her daughter again. Jim, the unstable neighbor who thinks that to stop the haunting that affects the area, he must kill Pyke, it becomes a vital threat. Ghosts remain a central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, established over time in the distance. The end reveals them all because Allen needs to find help for his wife while trying to counter Jim's mission. It has been hard for me to get into this because of my anxiety with their leaders and characters.
