Okay, what the hell should that be? Is it a fantasy family movie that will make money on the huge success of Spielberg's "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"? Or a return to the glorious days of the prehistoric age, such as "When the dinosaurs ruled the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece we all do not understand? Yes, that must be! Whatever it is, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (the old John 'Bud' Cardos of the "Spiders' Kingdom" and writer David Schmoeller of "The Trap Turist") must have suffered enough to write ideas for this kind of dementia dementia. The story does not make the slightest sense, and the narrative structure is incoherent to hell, but, hey, who cares, since it has paper-mâché dinosaurs, miniature spacecraft, light-inducing watches and laser and supernova shows burn spontaneously! Voice input is virtually inaccessible, but do not worry because it's all cursed! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think it is? Time does not necessarily go chronologically, it's a giant paradox! The words that have been spoken for thousands of years still float around now, and even the things that will happen in the future are already around us. I have absolutely no idea what this means, but it seems to offer an easy excuse to gather extraterrestrials from knees and dinosaurs well handled on screen together. I deliberately tell dinosaurs good manners, because at one point one of the prehistoric monsters knocks on the front door before threatening their targets. The crazy plan revolves around a family of strangers who live in their house with solar energy in the middle of nowhere. Grandpa is extremely annoying, the niece even more, the grandmother is a walking billboard and talking for plastic surgery, the youngest son strangely looks like Prince Valiant and the young mother is ?? incredibly hot! Actually, Chris Mitchum wanders around movie sets like the hot mom's husband on business trips. The special effects are simple and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who talked about "excellent special effects" was sarcastic), but the absolutely brilliant aspect here is the dialogues! Just read this great example of extraordinary writing: Grandpa: "You know what that means, do not you?" This is a warp space-time! "Stevie: I'm not sure if I know what this means, Father" Grandpa: "Well, I think nobody really does" Remember, gramps! do you know what it is or not? Not to mention "Vortex" as if you were an expert in the field! "Time Time Ended" is an incredibly childlike story and it's not worth bothering you to film, though I totally understand that some of her fans cherish the movie because they saw it at an early age and became fascinated by the flamboyant effects. The end comes completely out of nowhere, as if they suddenly sank from money, or the effects of the mushrooms they eaten were unexpected.
