'1408' is the latest cheap tactical move. Those who could make movie-horror fans date-movie occasionally jump in their chair and scream in the ear but disappoint the public looking for a little depth and direction. John Cusak plays a writer who has made a career writing books describing his experiences of staying in haunted haunted hotels. Despite the assurances offered by employers and owners that ghosts were hitting the halls, there is not much to make them a true believer in paranormal. When the history of the 1408 room overlooks Hotel Overlook - do not wait, I mean, the Dolphin Hotel in New York City - he decides to make the chapter perfectly closed on his last book. But Samuel L. Jackson, who plays the hotel's owner, is trying hard to discourage the guests with a story about the atrocities that have taken place since the hotel's opening many years ago. The story is simple and we, as well as the possible skeptics, have to stand by prolonging Jackson's prolongation. <br /> <br /> In other words: Be afraid! Be very afraid! Of course, it would be easy to convince audiences they just paid to see a thriller edge if it did not last so long to build at that point. And also if what followed was much more than the cheap "boos" that has become so frequent and arbitrary that you could eventually wait for it. Room temperature changes automatically. The walls drip with blood. The fearless writer can not open the door, etc. And, after almost an hour and a half of their delivery to the public, promised great emotions, you can sit and hope that at least you will be amazed at the end. With suspicions about dream sequences and other waste of time, even the fact that it can not be doubted that before the movie ends, we may have something to make the film a little less than forgotten. In spite of Cusak's great (as always) performances, which is essentially the entire movie, most of those who are not careful are wasted (ie Samuel L. Jackson) in minor minor roles. The real mystery is how this movie has received such a great evaluation of the audience. Filling witch?
