I have to say that I was disappointed with this movie. I have never been a big fan of BNL, I find their songs a bit childish and obsessive with nostalgia (I'm in 9th grade, if I had a million dollars, life box, etc.). However, I have seen clips of their live show and I really like the improvised and rushed nature of the show. We hoped this film would unveil this, unfortunately, the most interesting part of the show, because the music is well played, but to a certain extent gentle and not so compelling (in the middle is a bass solo stand that has it was totally useless and boring, despite the fact that Jim Creegan was dying). The film does not show and shows only a few minutes (and you know that they had better moments, as in the Afgahnistan concert "Koffee Anan, he is the responsible person, my name is Steve Paige and I am very big"). BNL is like when I left Europe a few years ago and I heard what the "blue" melody of Effeil 99 or any of 2 minutes, I went back to Canada and then a month later that song was everywhere * again *, I almost chewed my own arm. BNL is like this, a few years ago I remember many wonderful memories of sitting around campfires in Canada, listening to the people who played "If I Had a Million Dollars". BNL has been a phenomenon of worship in Canada and much of its humor has a certain Canadian inclination (Kraft Dinner is a base for many students here and the name "Gordon" is quintessentially Canadian) have passed several years since they slipped into obscurity and I was somewhat grateful. Then suddenly they become huge in the United States, and everyone thinks I'm this new band (yes, we are, but everyone is 30 years old!), While the rest of Canada goes "Oh, I thought these guys have been back in years, I have to listen to "millions of dollars" again? "The concert images are not bad, but I would have liked to have seen more of their routine scenes, the shootings are not that big , and things like the clips from their massive free show in Boston are glazed too fast. Interviews are surprisingly boring for such a funny bunch of boys, I think they're all old, they've got families and houses and things, and they've settled a little. There are times when it comes into the genre of Spinal Tap material, where it gives birth to satire, then breaks and laughs and is ashamed. Interviews with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian press mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (Dude Music) are extremely demanding and head to Tap territory unintentionally. This movie does not really document too much, that is, it is actually a show and at the beginning of the film are already huge and have a huge tournament entourage, it is not as if we see them get up from obscurity and "surprise" that they are popular , is a methodically planned event, so the end is rather lifeless, a half-live concert, half a documentary and not much.
