I'm a true fan of the original Cracker series, and they all have DVDs. Cracker had the tendency to be over, sometimes, but Robbie Coltrane and the other members of the casting, as well as the writers, always seemed to be removing him despite being themselves. We were counting the original cracker among the great British TV crime scene at the time, and there was a rigid competition: First Suspect, Frost Inspector, Morse Inspector, Sherlock's Houses Jeremy Brett and a host of others. Cracker, along with the First Suspect, was on my list. <br /> <br /> What makes "New Terror" sadder ... Finally, a very pale imitation of Cracker's former glory. I forced myself to stand on the whole thing, convinced that it could not be that bad and that a spark would eventually turn on. I was wrong, it was bad from beginning to end. A few criticisms: First, just to get any right-wing right-wing bias: I was offended by anti-American, anti-war hoe that shone on and throughout the show. Topper: The murder of the two innocent Americans of any crime and a British Junkie is, "in the words of Fitz," understood, but not justified. Did I think "I lost two hours of nonsense just to hear this disgusting little bit of wandering?" So I had a negative reaction to the anti-war / American tone brought by my beliefs ... Beyond politics, I had the clear meaning that this Cracker was just a proposal for propaganda and actually helped to undermine an already terrible poor script. <br /> <br /> Secondly, how much air time did Robbie Coltrane do? Fitz was almost a player in this regard, as if it were a love story connected in an original story, without thinking about Fitz's role. Coltrane could have carried the show on his wide and yet stubborn shoulders, but the writer obviously thought of other things and missed the chance and wide margin. Third: WHAT IS AN ABISMAL SCRIPT! There were some glimpses and some bits of real character development (Fitz's son, sneaking that Fitz could not stay at home if he had lost the plane in Australia, the detective who liked to beat the poor on their heads and some of the old sparks between Fitz and his Missus), but not close enough to wear the tiring story. <br /> <br /> Fourth, where the hell was Panhallagan? Now it would have been interesting ... After all, it was Manchester, and 10 years will be in the line. Another lost opportunity (or maybe the actress was not interested?) Well, there are a lot more (bad) to say, but I'll end up with a curiosity: at the end of the show as it was broadcast on the BBCA) when the ad announced that "Director's Cut" was available at BBC On-Demand, I thought AH-HA! The director's cuts, which you are supposed to pay, could have all the good that I expected to see tonight, but I never did it as a coherent and interesting story. Unfortunately, having convinced myself to stay in the horrible version of "A Terror New" with the hope of seeing something, nothing worthwhile, just to be disappointed, I have no hope to motivate me to pay a second, version potentially longer and boring. In addition, I was furious to think that the BBCA was cut into pieces and cut and sacrificed the show time to hide the flow of endless advertisements (every ten minutes or so), then came back and asked me to pay for what would have probably been broadcast tonight. To quit, I quote Variety's first paragraph of Variety's review of "A New Terror": it really does say: "Initial excitement about Robbie Coltrane who resumes his role as the wrong BBC, the psychological psychologist is snowed by the political statement that writer Jimmy McGovern is determined to bring it into this revival of the Vispic, redeeming at first in his message - that the Americans are a bunch of whiny namby-pambies who did not care about terrorism before they collapsed on our doorstep McGovern cleans the chest, overwhelms the story and destroys the pleasure of seeing Fitz back to the case. "
