For those who have never heard of this (or have seen A & E), Cracker is a British television show about an angry, angry, angry psychologist named Fitz who helps the Manchester police department to fall into the head of criminal violence. It is considered to be one of the most beautiful shows in England (and that's what it says) and has had great success in England and around the world in 1993. Now the original stars have re-collaborated with the original writer to remove yet another episode of 2 hours. I have loved this show since I first saw it, a decade ago. The DVD set has a place of honor in my collection and I can quote a lot of Fitz interrogation scenes practically with word. Robbie Coltrane's remixing with Jimmy McGovern for another TV movie about Fitz filled me with absolute absurdity. I'll start with good. One of the many things that impressed me about the original Cracker series was how quickly Fitz was defined as a character. Five minutes in the first episode? with his lecture (throwing the books in the air), his drink and his thought of the guy watching him on the tailgate? and you knew, you just knew who this character was. You could feel it "clicking" in your mind, the kind of click that happens only when a great actor gets an important role written by a great writer. Coltrane, of course, stayed great throughout the show, but did I always feel that some of the episodes later? those that were not written by McGovern? kidnapped the character. <br /> <br /> So the good news is the following: Fitz returns. As soon as you see him in this show? making incredibly inadequate comments at her daughter's wedding? you will feel clicked again. It is: petulant a moment and really sorry next, always insightful, sincere to the point of tactlessness, but brilliantly funny in this process. If you like this character as much as I am, you will be delighted with the way it is featured in the movie. And this extends to Judith and Mark: in fact, everything that has to do with Fitzs is manipulated perfectly. The problem I'm having with this film is about the crime that Fitz is trying to solve. Normally Cracker, do we know exactly who the killer is in the first five minutes? the suspense is to see Fitz discover it. In this case, we have a serial killer who is for American blood. And the reason for this, unfortunately, is not due to a credible psychological trauma? it seems that the murders are here only to allow the writer to expose his personal political beliefs. It's hard for me to write this because I really think that Jimmy McGovern is one of the greatest writers in the world. Also, I do not have a problem with movies that are about current issues or movies that have a political point of view. But in the Cracker universe, we expect to see the characters behave like human beings, not as cartoons. Instead, the Americans in this film are described in a completely stereotyped way. They know - they do not talk about anything, they complain about it, do the locals live like nonsense and cheat on their wives? one of them even manages to do all the above in less than 5 minutes. I think I honestly changed my channels or something. But it does not stop there. Do we have constant memories of how bad the war in Iraq is? memories that have nothing to do with the story and appear virtually from nowhere. The killer is so busy, craving the way Bush is worse than Hitler, that he almost forgets to continue with the killing; but more than that, he is such a spokesman for the writer's political views that he forgets to behave like a credible human being and therefore we? as a public? do not buy it suddenly from a happy family man to a tortured soul in serial killing. Can not I say that this has ruined the show for me? it was still a good TV, better than just about anything else in the genre (thanks in particular to Coltrane once again). But her consistent politicization made it impossible for her to be as good as the classic Cracker as "Being Someone"? an episode that was equally "elusive", but one that was manipulated with much more subtlety and psychological depth. Two other small points: Panhandle is not around is a disappointment, but what's worse are her replacements. The entire police department? which for so long filled with such great characters - is now full of vanilla. Fully interchangeable cops, who lack any personality (how could you get Richard Coyle's personality from Coupling is beyond me, but he really is missing here). There are also some moments when the show has lost credibility for me. Such a situation revolves around the fact that Fitz had to restrain the entire Manchester population from 1 million to one hundred based on very strange criteria (French windows? How does the computer know if I have French windows?)? he only fails to do so, but he succeeds in less than an hour. I do not think. So I was a little disappointed. Watching is recommended, but do not forget to leave at least a few of your expectations at the door. However, if a new series comes after that, it would have been all for the good: I'm convinced that McGovern can still write good things, and maybe now that he pulls out politics out of the system, he can go back to writing about people.
