Man, I really find it hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had something to do with this mess. After seeing the first two episodes so far, I think I can say for sure that this show will not be on my list must see. They just did so many things working against her. None of the diffused actors is particularly good. Anna Paquin, Sookie's main character, is just terrible. I remember being better in many other things I've seen, so maybe it's just writing. It is not at all fun to look at them, there are times when I'm honest that it looks really ugly. The actor who interprets Bill is a little better, only because his character should be a kind of wood and all-around. The other actors strive, but with cliché characters with hard accents, they get a hard job. Country is an absolute mess to watch, Rutina Wesley kills absolutely the accent. It's like the nails on the blackboard are bad. Almost equally horrific is Nelsan Ellis, it is hard to understand what he sometimes says. Both his character and Tara are also a bit racist for me. I do not know, having a character who says "why" on an HBO show that is not The Wire seems just a little strange. Shooting the cast so far, I'm Sookie's grandfather, his sex-dependent brother, and the only kind of brilliant casting I've seen at William Sanderson as the sheriff. The story seems to go to the destination at this time, without any real concern about keeping the spectator interesting. Love things are very dark Shadow-sy. Although this shows the cam factor of something similar to those old Dark Shadows episodes of ten. Sometimes I felt so weeping that I had to assume she was meant to be. But unlike a show like Buffy, who has brought the camp out of fashion, this show is not happening. Outside the field with the field is extremely gore and the graphic sex of the show. I'm not opposed to any of them when they're done well, as is the case in many other HBO shows, but at least they prolonged the brutal sexual scenes involving Jason Stackhouse seem a little overhead and useless. /> The only nice thing I can really say about this misery is that I liked the title sequence. HBO has had a lot of bad luck with their shows lately, I hope it cancels it after the first season and tries to get some better in the air.
