When I watched the show for the first time, the first few episodes seemed promising. Bill Compton presented himself as a "mysterious" stereotypical vampire, and Sookie portrayed himself as an independent woman. However, the show has come down from here and interesting characters once are as fun as a cardboard box. As the story progresses, the main characters lose their original personalities, along with their acting skills. By episode 5, Bill's eyebrows are so low that his face is just a forehead. Sookie, or rather the actress, is even deadier than her vampire lover. All these tragic events surround her, and she reacts only to how pleasant her virginity was lost. Personally, I think they made the main characters sleep too fast in the show. The way they tease each other was something I was hanging on and I could easily play with a little more. As soon as Sookie loses it, she sneaks up like a total ditz, thinking only of Bill's libido and the size of his appendix. Bill also loses his attitude throughout life and well, he just becomes stupid. His actions are never explained except that he does it for Sookie. Why? Their love for each other is never deepened, if there is any love. Until now, it seems to be the sex that is the core of their relationship. Yes, yes, vampires are usually equal to sex, but come on. Every five seconds I see some kind of bloating. It was not such a big surprise, because HBO always tries to pass a soft porn porn as a decent television show. Does Bill get rid of the dirt and take Sookie for no reason that's so always? I laughed so much that I almost felt myself. Complot is just a stream of consciousness. Characters never enter into detail about anything. All the events that happen are usually left unexplained. The only thing that is constant is sex. The only thing I can say is that they are minor characters. Her country and her drunk mother are more interesting than the major characters. The only reason I keep looking at the show is for the development of minor characters. <br /> <br /> Minus sex and the main characters the show would be more valuable.
