For every series that makes it on TV, 100 ideas are formed, 50 scripts are written, 15 pilots are made, and one, only one, actually makes it to production. From such a selection process, we are led to believe that the final product must be the cream of culture, why could so many ideas be rejected to give us a single television series. so it goes with True Blood; all the stars were in alignment, and what began with the transformation of a series of novels into an idea, a screen game, a pilot, and finally a series. Unfortunately, it can sometimes be a long journey along the way that there are many transformations that ultimately change what is good and pure and shows that the production people feel best for the evaluations. Oh, how wrong are so many times ... True Blood is an example of a creative concept that has turned into one of the poorest story lines, the worst action and the foolish subplots like anything in recent television history . His international film of relatively unknown actors strives to find their voices but continues to resist their southern fake accents. Alan Ball is not such a secret desire for Ryan (Jason Stackhouse) gives us a fresh nude blow every week, though often has nothing to do with the story. The angry characterization of Tara's black woman fails to connect and find you secretly hoping that the vampires will take it quickly before entering another speech about white suppression while attending a ceremony for the Confederate Glorious Dead. Sam finds a suppressed love for Sookie, and suddenly we have to think he has to look at the morning, at noon and at night despite years of working with her and avoiding any such relationship. As for Bill Vampire, his moral foundation is quickly restituted at the first chance to make love with Sookie and has no problem making a quick snack of her (though she remains somewhat unharmed). We find the other vampires not as mainstream as Bill, but very much wanting them to be accepted by an audience while looking at the living as happy tables with their feet. Despite my best efforts to suffer through the first six episodes, I've come to realize that no matter how long you're watching a bad show, it's still bad. Somethings die for a reason, even vampires. Maybe it should be this show.
