This show had a lot of hype but I did not know until the middle of the season (season 1). Someone even recommended the show to me. But I decided that if I could look at her, I would wait until the end of the season to look loose. Due to the broadcast format, I'm happy to wait. I imagine it would have been pretty annoying to have almost every end of an episode in the middle of a bunch of rocks, then he'll have to wait another week to find out what's going on in the next second of the story. the show managed to throw too much sex. Jason will have sex with something moving. Immediately after learning that a woman she had sex with was killed, he is in bed with another woman the following night! Then Tara and Sam manage to do it, despite the fact that each of them knew Sam was in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets angry when he learns about it later - even if he sleeps with a vampire. One of the issues with the show is that it does not do a good job of making you care about the characters. I really did not care about Jason. Together with the endless pursuit of the story, he was rude to the people who were actually concerned about him. After a few episodes, I would not have thought if he was killed somehow. For this reason, I was mostly uninterested in the murder until Sookie's grandmother became a victim (since the first two were more involved with Jason). When Sookie and Bill had sex, the story became more subplot. Tara's mother wants an exorcism, then the exorcist lady tries to persuade Tara to have someone remove her own demon. I was not disturbed by the whole thing of exorcism, because I know there are people who really believe in these things. However, they lose little time to show that it is a farce immediately after the country spends about 1300 dollars on exorcisms for her and her mother. On other points, some developments happen too quickly. Jason continues to be a bastard trying to sell her grandmother's things to buy vampire blood, which seems to be the new carp or something like that. In his quest finds this girl who will deal with him (blood vampire). They rise up and fall in love within three days and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire court. He left just two days before Sookie felt abandoned and wonder if he thought "vampire politics" was more important than she did. Subtlety is not the strong costume of this show. He does not need a genius to find out that something is going on with his local dog. Though my assumption did not die, it was not a big surprise. But the last episode was when it became annoying because it pushed all the evolutions ahead, as if you could not imagine yourself. When Tara enters the car accident, the naked lady's face with the pig is clearly shown and was easily recognizable when she appears in jail for rescue. As if that were not enough, she would later show the lady with the pig in her house. Then it's time to end the crime story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it is revealed that Renee is not the one who says he is, and most likely, the killer. In the last episode, they push Renee to be the killer in front of you. Sookie notes that it is strange that Renee's thoughts have no accent. I thought it was good because it adds that Renee is a fraud. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show that Renee has the band of Maudette with the vampire and that his fiancé finds a tape in one of Renee's boxes about how to fake a Cajun accent. At this moment it was just ridiculous. I mean we GET! So things blah blah blah is happening. Bill almost kills as he fails to save Sookie, who still manages to kill Renee. They begin to set season 2 leaving unfinished problems. Blank lady and Sam have a history, Lafayette has disappeared and could have been killed. Jason is being brainwashed as a religious madness by a certain anti-vampire church - which makes me care less. It is almost surprising to see how many people love this show. I think I expected this show to be better. I'm interested in seeing what is happening in Season 2, but if I'm following him, I'm probably expecting to finish the season.
