After seeing some of the great stuff of HBO - Band of Brothers, Roma, etc. - I have to say that we had quite big expectations before watching the first episode of "True Blood". Jeez. Often the script seemed to be written by an 8-year-old, some parts are just horribally filmed, (The scene in which she "saves" Bill, I mean let's go, she throws a chain to the guy and ow! his throat and choking him magically ... It was embarrassing if you wanted my opinion or a few moments before that scene, when he found out that the young man had disappeared with Bill, ridiculous, he heard his plan and liked it 5 seconds later , magic, the three of them disappeared without any fighting or noise or anything! I mean the idea of ​​the show seemed interesting, mysterious, interesting, vampires co-existent with people in our modern society ... but honestly I do not think they wanted to do more than a little soap show, that average teenage girl is always looking, but that no one cares about ... Unfortunately, the script is poor, mediocre at best, is superficial and extremely predictable I thought it was a joke or something. <br /> <br /> The actors give really unconvincing results if you want my opinion. They seem to take the show very easily, as if it were a kind of regular, low-budget TV show (maybe that's if you quit the family). The only good-looking actor for me was Stephen Moyer as Bill, given the very short and extremely short answers he had to say, "What are you ..." "I can call you sometime. .. "I think it was good to bring a somewhat frightening part of a vampire that anyone with a vampire role should have. And Anna Paquin was fine, but no more. But the guy playing the brother is horrible. The scene in which he is arrested is simply a shame for modern television. The act is bad, the construction looks fake to the bone and the other two guys: "Why is he arrested? No. I do not know ..." It was quite embarrassing. Another thing I think was completely missed was how they presented Sookie's psychic powers. They make us hear what people think and speak at the same time, and that's just wrong. It often seems unnecessarily chaotic, as if people's thinking were some sort of annoying radio channel, and when it comes to it, it reaches the correct level of frequency and has to hear everything they think. And finally, sex scenes are simply useless and that vampire sex tape thing was just completely disgusting. <br /> <br /> Do not misunderstand me - I wrote all these comments not because I thought the show was BAD, but because I was very disappointed. I was expecting quality stuff. I did not think it would be so. It's definitely not a good show. Environment at best.
