It has all the achievements of a very good film - good actors (Robert Loggia, Ellen Parker), a good plot (a mysterious space rocket threatens to burn the planet) and a lot of images (if the Air Force shot the burning missile jets , It was used). Unfortunately, it is ruined by too much melodrama and an impossible time line. The film refers to a rocket of space that is attacked by the Soviets and unexpectedly deviated into a low atmospheric orbit. At less than five miles, at a speed of more than 4,000 miles, it emits a million-foot extinction, burning everything on the ground, including glaciers, early-distance (DEW) bases, and Eskimos. <br /> <br /> Every attempt to destroy the missile fails. The first deficiencies of this film occur earlier. While we do not expect too much for low-budget films, some things can not be forgotten - like a little research. For example, both Soviet and American anti-ballistic missiles rocket home with unclear precision. However, the first successful ABM tests were not carried out until March 1961 by the Russians. There is too much melody. Dr. Loring (Loggia) and his assistant, Joan Woods (Ellen Parker), play their story with as much wood as a wooden cabin. Parker's character is crying and boo-hoos at Loggia's sacrifice as if he were on a screen test. Loggia is as heroic as a bored businessman. A scientist (Phillip Pine) makes it so much that it makes William Shatner look like a spy. A bus driver continuously shakes the shit at the end of the world in stage after scene. The only good actor is the narrator of the film, played by veteran character character Lawrence Dobkins ("Naked City"). All this could be overlooked if it had not been time. After the rocket information is sent to DC, the Pentagon brings a group of scientists. A general (Larry Kerr) announces that the rocket will hit New York City in 63 minutes. After that, there are discussions by scientists and there is a crisis of death because the word is being sought by ambassadors to see if the rocket is an attack on the Russians and if a response is needed. the military being completely mixed. People in the civil defense field leave their jobs and go to their posts. Eight million people struggle to shelter, while school buses raise millions of children (and we see the brightest New York City I've ever seen, although watching 50 SFs has made this standard). The press is kept in the dark for tens of minutes. Then incredibly, a Pentagon man announces that the rocket will hit Ottawa, Canada in 51 minutes! All actions mentioned above occurred in 12 minutes! Then, to add fuel to the fire, Loggia somehow thinks of a way to stop the alien missile. He slowly produces a plutonium, charges him in a jeep and takes him from DC to a remote rocket base to put him on a rocket. On the way, he is beaten off the road by a wild driver, breaks and then is carjacked. Eventually he gets the platoon back and leads to the base to fire the rocket. Again, all this in the same time interval of 63 minutes. The film irritates them and the viewer makes it seem that Ottawa could be saved, just to show men, women and children to fry. The rocket is said to have five minutes to New York. Loggia is still driving at the base (4 May miles to go). He arrives at the base and sets the rocket, then announces a countdown of two minutes. Everything in five minutes. New York neighborhoods should have been burned at least. By the way, the missile is destroyed if you have not guessed it. The ABM capture head destroys it with a massive plutonium explosion. Five seconds later, the explosion dissipates and everything is clear. Yes, they caused a nuclear explosion equivalent to 100 Hiroshimas on the outskirts of New York, and nothing happens. The film had all the elements necessary to be a good B movie, but it was wasted. The Loggia has played so badly that you have not cared that it eventually sacrificed itself. You did not care about the other characters, not even Pine's scientist. The tension that should have moved the movie was not physically possible over time (it would not be even today, not even with Jack Bauer). This movie is very difficult to find. As far as I know, it was not re-issued on any means and for good reason. I do not know if the movie would have been or would be a standard practice, but there is a scene where the government sends the best scientists, military men and business people to deep shelters, saying they are too valuable to lose . There is not one woman or a minority in the bouquet. Hari Rhodes is the only black man in the movie and plays a short piano. It was worse than the "27 days" in which a stranger gives five earthmen the chance to save or destroy the planet and does not include either black or Hispanic. I have seen this on a Sci-fi night on Turner Classic movies and I do not expect it to appear again. If you find a copy of this somewhere, you might want to put it on Amazon.com.
