There are two types of shield characters: people who try to do their best and do what they need, and people who constantly pursue their own self-interest and who commit every sin to their death can while they themselves and all others , who say the heroes and the only hope of each one. More than any other show, SHIELD is about hypocrisy and self-deception. Unfortunately, hypocrites and self-deluders are heroes, and as such, they have the improbable immunity typical of gen-fiction heroes for getting defeated or trapped and came on top over and over again, making fools from all colleges their . <br /> <br /> The show has excellent room quality. Lead gains and fading are always great. It's really a work of art to see. Unfortunately, the story is an animated scenario, excited desire for the fulfillment of unwarranted violence, rape, and lies. <br /> <br /> The hero that pulls everyone down with him in the unsuccessful scheme after the failed, is like a Wiley Warner Bros. cartoon character, always escaping and devastating all the fudds EImer (anyone who does not support him in lie and his crimes), automatically attracting any good woman looking for character support to come to the show, always surviving any attempt to bring him to justice, and always overturn your ears with its serious justifications. If another policeman detects something wrong with something he does, and someone gets hurt because of his actions, he always blames the suspected policeman, regardless of the fact that his schemas and elaborate lies and despised plans are always the cause. Every time. Like 24, this show is based on behaviors and countless delays in drawing their story after the season. Long stories of boring stories are injected into each story age to provide a skeleton to hang bloody, perverted pieces of meat, which are the corrupt acts of the characters and the inevitable hiding. <br /> <br /> The most disappointing, though, is the hybris while trying to change the viewers 'viewers' sympathies back and forth, at and off form the characters on the whims. Sometimes they want us to see Shane as an enemy. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor, ungrateful soul. Sometimes they want us to see Vic as a dangerous, sexual, dynamo. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a golden heart. Sometimes I want to see Mara as a poor Jezebel. Then they think that if they show her stay and talk about her dreams with Shane, we'll find her to be sympathetic and tragic. None of these manipulations is appropriate to get those kinds of sympathy that they want. Having shown that these characters are destroying the lives of others for their purposes, that's all. It is nonsense to continue to try to go back and forth. But it is also nonsense to produce seven seasons of these clowns stuttering out of every super-model in the existence of their beds and running a crime syndicate right from the police station right under everyone's nose.
