Like wearing a hair shirt. Positively, absolutely, without a doubt, one of the worst movies ever. Pure torture. Zero out of ten. A long artistic, boring, hardworking, pretentious, conscious, theatrical and glamorous artistic scene after another. Designed to be sensational and impressive, the soul is tired, it is, in turn, a miserable fungus. <br /> <br /> Half empty, father and son buzzing and whispering to each other as lovers. "Homo-erotic" is the point, loud and clear. OK, so what? <br /> <br /> Repeated several times by the son is the line, supposed to be lifted from "The Lives of the Saints," "The Love of a Crucifying Father." A loving son is left crucified. The parallel with God and his son, Christ, is cumbersome, irrelevant and bombastic, like anything else here. Some points of reference to the Russian affair theme: "Mother and son" (1997); "Returning" (Andrei Zvyagvatsev, 2003); "Little Odessa" (James Gray, 1994); Turgenev, "Fathers and sons"; and, of course, Dostoevsky, "Karamazov Brothers". Credits in English indicate intentional international distribution, which means that the excuse can not be used that you have to be Russian to understand this misery. <br /> <br /> This is not even as accomplished or convincing as the last Sokurov, the "Russian Ark" (2003). Just as in "Mother and Son," a soporific as strong, some scenes are filmed from distorbing mirrors, though not as interesting. The film is almost monochromatic, shot from start to finish by beige filters, making it as visible as it is dramatically numbing. A light focus lens adds just to the feeling of a drug addict. An annoying soundtrack grunts, never stops like a loophole. An old radio is constantly running in the background. Russian romantic melancholy is infinitely inflating as "Tchaikovsky-based themes". The presence of a "sound designer" (Sergei Moshkov) means, of course, that all those irritating sounds, static radio sounds, noises, distortions and the like are "designed". <br /> <br /> It is hard to believe that someone (Sergei Potepolov) actually wrote this. Everything seems as arbitrary as traffic, as if it were improvised by bored actors, throwing nothing out of nothing. Modern art finally succeeded in meaningless things, so what we see is the idea of ​​the idea, empty as a shell, but not even a shell, not just the idea of ​​a shell. Could a better definition of decadence be required?
