Located in South Africa, a young black man tries to land a part in a "gangsta" movie. But without knowing the street life, she was told to find out what life is in reality or not. He manages to make his way into a band led by an old friend of his school and his chances of appearing in the decline of the film because he commits crimes to be accepted. But for the gang leader, the flourishing disaster of his new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his own. While this may seem relatively interesting, it is different than. His first half is incredibly meandering and boring, while "hijacking" takes place only towards the end of the year, with a few badly executed car hits. In those "chases", only two police cars are used, both of which are Nissan Sunny's of the 90's. Not only would they be cheap enough to pick up (and it seems to me quite difficult to think it would be to use that old cars in South Africa in 2000), but as far as I remember, there are only two involved and none of them has a scratch once. The car chases are shot very badly, with room angles and very long distances and minimal traffic on the roads and they are all around 2 minutes because you should think that a very young child is actually a great one who can avoid the police easily, despite the fact that leadership is pedestrian and absolutely inexplicable. This leads me now to the characters and act, which are just as bad. The aforementioned child, who is driving the car, is about 13 years old and is supposed to be extremely capable of losing the incredibly inept police. Everyone is equally unconvincing, so much he seems bored sometimes. <br /> <br /> At the final stage of the movie, the main character ("Sox Moraka") is asked by the gang leader to steal a car from a car park. As he encounters difficulties in opening it, the police arrive and asks him what he does, and he responds by saying that he is their car. After a brief argument, they try to arrest him and then keep the police with his gun and salt back into the car. Once they are in, the police turn the fire and, in turn, get hurt. After another pathetic tracking sequence, they decide to abandon the car and put it aside to destroy any evidence. The following is one of the most beloved special effects that have ever seen me. When the machine "explodes", overlapping flames suddenly appear from every window, with terrible sound effects that are not on time. It's so badly done and so fake you find it hard to put it right in words and really must be seen to be believed. If you watch him in slow motion, it looks even more fun. We have seen better effects than those in the crime reconstruction documentation. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not deserve a huge amount and they could not afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I would like to know how big the budget for this movie is. She feels so cheap that I'm surprised she did it outside of South Africa, and even more surprised she did it for a DVD release. I know it's not a big Hollywood production. I know it's about gangs in poor South African locals who steal middle-class cars and sell the black market, but with ridiculous effects, badly executed car, terrible action and absurd characters, reality is completely lost. Generally, I certainly do not advise you to look at this. If you want to laugh and see one of the worst done, with a small budget of amovie ever created, then I would recommend it for that and only that. It is a miserable, misplaced thing, poorly paid, stupid and dull because of a low budget deficit that fails in all respects. I have seen many movies in South Africa, including a lot of cheap NuImage / Nu-World pictures of action and, despite their brutal character, are far better than all of them.
