***** WARNING, MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS that will be more fun than this TRIPE. <br /> <br /> Heres Some Good Tips For Anyone Living In The UK Whenever Channel 5 has an 80 old comedy late at night, read a book in return. Currently, I am recovering from a seizure because of reading comments about this movie here. I'm actually shocked by the fact that someone said the movie was realistic! All I can say is God's gratitude that the cold war has never escalated, otherwise we could have given the boundaries of the commission's boundaries ... I found this horrible movie in pretense, maybe it's just my British perception of what a funny movie, who knows? But, in all respects, this movie is not just terrible, and its teeth are horribly terrible. I have never been a fan of Bill Murray, and his garbage like this has justified my feelings for him. Do not misunderstand me, I loved Ghostbuster, which was done only three years after this movie. But that's just really summing up Bill Murray. I can safely say I did not waste my time so blatantly since I saw the first operation of Delta Force operation here, although these two films have more in common than you thought. For one thing, both have terrible sequences of action from the beginning to the end, and the second. They are both barbed with cheese Cliché throughout the year. It's one thing, these guys should be in the "United States Army." However, they are allowed to revolve around Cameron, Willy nilly, seducing female military police officers and then swallowing them in the General Quarters. Talk about Random! This movie is really terrible for that I'm afraid. Now do not get me wrong, I'm not a feminist sympathizer, but the fact that these two women actually collapse in love with the two characters shortly after they arrested them, leaving them free ... Twice is just insult to the female race. The fact that a man with withered father, Winger and his unhappy Ramis girlfriend, can simply wear MP's body underwear, to whom he falls madly, is fortunate. <br /> <br /> There are training sessions where you can meet the Phycho team, who is unconvincingly threatening to kill someone who touches it or on his subject, followed by the overweight (played by the young and great John Candy) that he joined the army to "avoid paying $ 400 for anger management classes." Driving out loud to Murray paying tribute to "The Giant Toe" (WTF?) "Drill Seargent," who frankly could not organize a pirate in a beer factory, not to mention his band recruits. All this scene serves to do is to prelude loads of battle scenes, with people saying "way to go hole ass"! "all the time. The scenes then continue to showcase their tag pocket to make their own breasts on the Assault course, leading to a scene where one of them sneaks in the air to some passing the birds with an assault rifle, (It was ... Yeah, she told you that this movie was random ... It's miraculously and undisciplined ...) Finally, leading the passing parade , where the unfortunate team makes a magical return in the space of two hours (Bugger me, Miracle!) Thanks to Murray's wise words, who then lead a massive militant like routine dancing in front of a "general" geriatric in front of the other teams, all of them for the enormous pleasure of their two girlfriends on the stand who should have arrested them ... Everybody laughs at everything This little is nothing less than amazing and then chooses to keep a new the Mul-type armored vehicle you-Million Dollar in Italy (which turns out to be just a green dyed mobile home with many gadgets inside), claiming "that's what this army needs!" right ... <br /> <br /> Then there is the terrible ending, in which Murray and Ramis decide to steal this highly-secret military vehicle prototype to pick up their newly-acquired and somewhat hyperactive MPs in Germany. To which the Happy Captain (John Larroquette) then discovers and leads the fresh recruiting team on a recovery mission for this vehicle. They then have a "wrong" route and finish in Soviet Czechoslovakia, where they are captured. (As I have not seen coming ...) So begins an attempt to rescue Ramis and Murray + Birds in hand with a big fight, a bunch of hock and blowing tanks. With them, returning as national heroes, humiliating the Russians, calling them "pussies", etc. This is correct. Do not yard Martial, nothing. They just have stolen a prototype military vehicle, led it to a Warsaw Pact country and caused almost an international incident that could have triggered the Third World War! This movie is more fun than being diagnosed with a terminal illness. I know his purpose was to be a comedy, she took all the right actors for her, but where the hell is it? Can you channel 5 to cut those bits? The only feature of redemption in this film is the repetitive use of naked women who take showers, and the fight of female mud. (as I said, Random) Not that it helps you to deviate from the fact that it's a really bad movie, of course. This film should realistically target the immature ages of 9 years, unfortunately, we have to watch it in return. 1 star out of 10 - Total Tripe. My advice, you do something more useful with time. Like casting ...
