I just saw "If?" I remember the 1968 movie ads, so I was finally interested in seeing it. Perhaps it would be the prospect of an American who never went to a British public school and missed some of the social references, but I thought the movie was terrible. In a way, as others have emphasized, it takes almost the entire film for the ballyhooed-at-the-time revolt to burst. For another, if the last scene is real or imagined, what is happening is not a revolt, but a blow of fire. There is a big difference. I know it could be a bad form of judging a movie about later events, but you can not avoid doing it here. A person wrote a post on the forum asking us not to compare the end of the movie to the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a scant difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on the one hand and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other hand, I just can not see it. All four were subject to the illusion that their weapon will purify a world in which they do not arrogantly assume. Which leads me to: why the hell are Travis and his friends even in a school they despise? They are adults or close to them. I'm not in a military prison such as prisoners in "The Hill," a much better British film of the same period. No one forces them to go to College and beat whipping, except for ambitious parents who need a wake of the nature of their sons. I had the opportunity to join a faculty, except that I could not give him silly and cruel order by criminals who claimed to be my potential brothers. I took the consequences of not having "in" with the Establishment that Frats offers, and I can not say I regret it. If Travis worships the second coming of Lenin (whose unmatched image hangs prominently in his room) he is free to leave and organize a trade union or work for Michael Foot in the next election. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, then go on the road and start writing. What are the possible advantages for him to offer the world a motorcycle and get drunk in his room? Sometimes the reviewers must be the one who responded to the scene in "The Last Tango in Paris," where Brando mopeds had to go to a cowboy meeting on his shoes. In the real world, the person said, a listener would say, "Why did not you remove it? Change your shoes?" - Do not allow fictional characters to make a self-excursion, because you dare not emphasize an alternative course of communist action for them. So he's here.
