if ... is the cinematic equivalent of Sgt. Pepper's: Known by baby boomers as the culmination of creation, and considered rather a horror of business by previous and subsequent generations. Now that middle-aged children from all over the world are apparently super human because of the internet and look at the outlook as a great opportunity for Harry Potter books / films, the relevance of whether ... to be far from modern concerns. In fact, many scenes appear so foreign and exaggerated to indicate an inspiration for Pink Floyd's Wall. You should never support personal prejudices against a movie while reviewing, and the cemented date of the movie, there are some flaws that others have ignored. Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Luis Buñuel, plus being generally too intelligent for his good. And despite a simple narrative through the first and second acts, the last part of the play taken hostage by the surrealism of the Buñuel code and the tense attempts of symbolism. Anderson was not capable of doing so because of his too intelligent cynicism, failing to see that Buñuel was jovial in his work. I did not find a critic to share "the chaplain in a drawer," and I'm almost sure she still has a side-view from those who adore this movie. The end is not so much a concise kick of the established class / value system as a damp wet on a moving target. The British public school system was firm for middle classes (the upper crust being educated at home by private tutors). And modus operandi if ... would be to check the boxes of public school life that Lindsay believed unexplored in the film, thus saving the middle class claim. Homosexuality, generous cutlery, cold showers, and others. In fact, such issues have been covered by many other big British films if they ... brought them to the forefront. The Browning version was a more oblique cheating of such a pump, to name just one. If ... it is odd weird and simply can not be seen with modern eyes (especially Americans). Anderson's Kudos to avoid Mick and Kieth in favor of the African song and a few confusion points for latent homoerotic tone. The points deduced for pretensioning, setting the disappearing characters, and inciting a glib revolution that has reached zero.
