The British public school system has evolved not only with the idea of ​​educating higher classes, despite this misconception, popular and widespread. It was designed to produce administrators and governors, civilian and military officials to lead the British colonies. These people were almost entirely recruited from middle classes. When public schools began to show their merits, they were sent more than to be educated at home by the tutors and governors, as they had been before. They tended to favor schools closer to "The City so that Eton and Harrow became particularly popular with that class of parents." The vast majority of public schools took their students from a social scale below. the most famous student of the public school, was the son of a country parson, not of a puppy.Thus, in the late 1960s, England, a country that is in a post-colonial guilt and who has shed its last commitment by his former dependents, as soon as Harold Wilson could slip out of the "Gannex" poppy, Lindsay Anderson "If" was greeted with cathartic joy through the stunts of classes and light amazement by anyone else.We must remember that the so- "Summer of Love" was followed by the "October Revolution," an event that left some London-smashing cops and the US Embassy with one or two broken windows, but it got nothing at all. when Mr. Anderson's movie arrived in cinemas, the former dissatisfied revolutionaries revealed vicarously what they saw as a glorious victory of Mr. Malcolm McDowell on an amorphous "Am", despite being shot mercilessly at the end a fate that they had undoubtedly succeeded in trying to enter USEmbassy. The film did not tell us anything new about public schools, homosexuality, cold enemies, patrician sarcastic teachers, silly traditions, a list too familiar. It has been declared to be an allegory that compares Britain with the corrupt and degraded society represented by the school. Well, almost forty years in the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, "The October Revolution" has been forgotten, except those involved on one side or another, and Mr Anderson has concluded " Country "trilogy without any effect. If you ever want to read a book about students who have made a more successful system than Mr McDowell and his friends and, moreover, lived to tell the story, find a copy of "Stalky & Co." "If I borrowed the name of Anderson, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is slowly betrayed in our literary history. And we do it before the hours of buzz succeed - Probably someone should start a revolution in this.
