There is a very good scene in Faat Kine. The character of the title goes into an argument with another woman and after being threatened, Faat Kine throws them in front. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre and rather funny at the same time. In this case, the writer / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience an easy-rooted character, an interesting movie character who might be worth looking for two hours. In the scene, he presents a brave woman who is bold in her actions. For the rest of the film, the only thing he seems to present is contradictory tones. <br /> <br /> The tone is everywhere. It's true that not all movies have to fit in a certain genre, but I do not think Faat Kine falls into any kind. It is supposed to be a drama, although there are so many comedy moments (spraying in front) that it can not be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with a lot of serious topics that Sembene has crawled into the picture. There is a way to successfully combine comedy and drama. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find that balance. Instead, one scene after another spins one another without too much rhyme or reason, leaving two different tones hung in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also has the problem of running two long hours with an extreme draw. The movie ends with a big party in which all character conflicts are solved, but they are not resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, perhaps twenty minutes. Since the rest of the scenes up to this point have been meandering, the finale is particularly difficult to endure with early rehearsal early in the stage, making for a frustrating viewing experience. Maybe I'm too hard on Faat Kine. I'm not the right audience for that. I did not feel anything about the characters, and I had nothing to do with any part of the story. There are people who will probably find something significant in the story and see strong characters. However, I could not do this and, therefore, I can not recommend it.
