A young man kills a young woman for no reason. The man's brother is imprisoned, accusing him of being an accomplice, but soon he escapes. After the escape, the seemingly innocent man kidnaps three victims and soon gets his girlfriend on the ground. If this is not bad enough, the situation quickly becomes a downward spiral. This movie had some good and bad issues. Her most powerful aspect was Emily Haack's actress. Aside from the fact that she is nude in quite a lot of this film, she is a decent actress and a very powerful character. I see no reason why he can not take this experience and, to a certain extent, transforms her into a career in some way. I was convinced he was a ruthless individual. Also, the producers of this film were very bold and did not shoot any shot. Graphic nudity (both men and women), coprophagia and extreme anal violence are not removed. I like horror films to push the borders a little, and this completely ignored them, joyfully jumping to Gomorrah. Maybe it was too much, but I think they got what they were looking for. But now the negative aspects. First and foremost, this movie has a very low budget, and the quality of the movie shows that. I can excuse that - the plot was decent, the actor was fine, and in some scenes, the inferior quality film made the film more disturbing (a more realistic feeling). So, I will not argue because they have inferior quality equipment. For whom I will argue is the use of bad choices in photos. For no reason I can not guess (apart from plumping the film), there is a large amount of pictures from a cemetery. I do not really know why, and I honestly started eating at this point because it was so long and useless. I'm also facing the title. The idea was to deceive people into thinking that this movie had a connection with the classic "I Spit on Your Grave". Now there is a line that seems to imply that the main character is the daughter of the woman in this other movie. And the themes are very loosely the same (a woman who takes revenge on men). But there is no firm link, and the reason for choosing this title was for the video shop customer to believe that a sequel was taken. This was misleading and dishonest. My last major complaint is that this plot has no real meaning. Not even a little. A woman is killed at first for no reason. An escaped prisoner finds time to kidnap people to torture them for no reason (because they hurt his girlfriend?). The same man goes from good to bad without explanation. Also, the female-haired woman (Haack) returns from an ordinary person to someone who is extremely cruel and sadistic for no reason and against people who for the most part were just a marginal one for her ( a neighbor who offers drugs for sex is wrong, but in no case deserves to be tortured). Do not let this title trick you, or the assertions that the movie is incredibly shocking. Yes, some scenes were shocking, but the vast majority of the movie is boring and makes you want to take a nap. If you see this in the video store or in Netflix, keep browsing. Or rent it, and we can sit around and get stuck for hours. You were warned.
