Leo Fulci, a swing trader, has a rhythm shift, making a fantasy movie with a sword and almost inappropriate coherence, instead of the usual distortion, a coherent horror. <br /> <br /> A type of Orlando Bloom called Ilias, from a society that vaguely resembles ancient Greece, travels across the ocean to the caves, on a vague search to fight evil, where he joins a loving hunter of animals to fight the wolf man and mutants of the evil sorceress witch. Wackiness happens. The sorcerer, assimilates the local caves and wants the magic bow for herself. She sends more servants, each stranger than the last ones, after our heroes eventually won, striking a blow for caved people all over the place. Does this movie contain a constant stream of WTF? elements and moments. For some reasons, the entire movie is shot in soft focus, and the image is still unclear due to the on-screen presence of onion. This can be an attempt to create an atmosphere or to hide how falsely it looks. Anyway, it failed. There is no atmosphere, unless it is a mess and a slight amazement and it does not hide what the blade looks like. Wolves chickens resemble a wookie of a poor man. For some reason, the director fell in love with blows over time, sneaking through the slow moving air, the six million dollar style to our heroes when they attacked. There are probably about a dozen such photos throughout the film and it becomes goofy every time. The other topless wizard's minions, other than general leather-wrapped leathers, are thickened white mutants that seem to be covered by a spider. Needless to say, they are slow and ungrateful and when they sound like homosexual, Daleks Daleks. Fights are hindered and unconvincing, and the special effects are harmful. Oh, yeah, music is cheap synthesizer stuff that Doctor Cui manufacturers would have been embarrassed to use. Ilias, our nominal hero is gentle and forgetful. He also shows a complete wuss, especially with his leather clothing revealed by skin and big hair, and is clearly a moron. Sure, he is a dynamite shot with his magic bow, but he only takes three or four arrows with him in his mission to fight the entire continent of evil. Needless to say, it's running out in a few minutes, and it must be saved by a traditional sword and witch hero, Mace. When he meets Ilias, he sets himself up as a silent guy, claiming he has no friends, but you can not say latent homoerotic subtitles, amateur friends, shooting together the misty hills. Mace promises to take Elias with him in exchange for archer favors. Ilias asks where he goes. "Wherever I get my feet," is his answer. Pretty good for Ilias. Mace is also animal lover and scandalous hypocrite. He proclaims his great love and affection for animals, quoting the usual things about how he prefers people, because people can be so bad. He says he will never hunt and kill an animal to feed, but he will steal the flesh of other people who have hunted animals. He is also not over the casual killing of innocent passers-by for no good reason. Not long after meeting, he tests the bow of Ilia, and the movie cuts to an injured scientist, thinks of his own business, walks on foot, and Mace shoots him dead. There is no clue that this poor soul has done nothing to deserve this, and even Ilia, supposed to come from a more moral and civilized society, does not even lift an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> Movies are quite unusual. For the entire movie, she is completely naked, except for a g string and a golden mask covering her whole head. It's like Fulci included it to make T & A binding movies, but decided it was too much of a cream at the last minute. She spends a lot of time seemingly pleasing to her pet snakes and dreams of being shot by a man with a faceless bow, dressed like Ilia. Wow, such a symbolism! Later, in the movie, she beats when she can not beat Ilias and Mace, and promises to be a slave to an old warrior's sex if she kills them for her. It's just the most frightening character in the world and not really a step forward for women's rights. I think he is the spider creatures to our heroes and makes Mace a situation where there is no one else but Mace to trick. Was it really worthy of trading for you, Ocron? <br /> <br /> Are there many other WTFs? moments. Most of them come to the end of the movie. Ilias unleashes, forgets why, perhaps his permeable hairstyle has been bruised, but he realizes the error of his ways and returns to help Mace fight the forces of evil. Suddenly, for no reason, his bow can suddenly trigger more targets looking for energy bolts. Screws can also pull through solid rocks when needed. Needless to say, he's doing a short job of hordes of bad guys who have captured Mace. The climax is also quite meaningless. Mace decimates the remaining forces of Ocron, using the laser attachment capabilities of the arcs. Then he is able to shoot the Ocron from a distance of miles, using his traps of rock capacity. He starts to die. Her mask is broken to reveal a hideous Muppet head. She turns around screaming and turns into a dog and wanders with another dog. Mace smiles. Roll credits. Quite strange, as far as these low-budget, low-budget sword and witchcraft films are reasonably lucid and focused. Anyone who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how absurd and proud these movies can really be.
