Despite the fact that it was released on DVD by Blue Underground five years ago, I never met this Italian song "Sword and Witchcraft" in the late Italian Television and now that I've seen it for myself, I know exactly why. Not because of his director's extreme gore excitement (of which there are some examples to be sure) or the fact that the hand of women in her parade topless all the time (established in the Middle Ages, after all) is, indeed, very poor things. In fact, I would go so far as to say that it could be the worst of this kind I have ever seen and, believe me, I have seen a lot (especially in the last few years as a result of the trip my 2004 Venice Film Festival)! Reading how it is believed that the failure of the film at the time of the original release led to his director's later (and regrettable) career in tiny, mindless gorons, they can see their point: I would prefer Fulci's "giallo" 1968-77 ) to his more popular horror (1979-82), but even the latter, his commitment was undoubtedly undeniable. On the other hand, CONQUEST seems to have not inspired Fulci in the least? seeing how he decided to tighten the process with an annoying fog of perpetual, spatter him with incongruous characters (cannibals vs. werewolves, whoever?), irrelevant gore (we are treated to a free, ugly cannibal dinner just before be witnesses to those who eat meat with their brain literally beaten by their hairy antagonists!) and even a very inappropriate intimacy between the masked witchcraft, the weakness of the brain (not ask) and its thin reptilian animal! For what it is worth, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a young magical young man wearing a bow on a odyssey affirming the man (Andrea Occhipinti) and his mouseman comrade (Jorge Rivero, ie Howy Hawks Frenchy from RIO LOBO ]), Which, despite being called Mace (perhaps for the Machete, perhaps?), It seems to simply give up the cavewoman from time to time and take out his younger protector (especially in - unpleasant attack of "boiling"). Unfortunately, even the usual rescue grace of such low-light material is no longer happening here, as ex-Goblin's electronic score, Claudio Simonetti, sometimes seems inadequate. Fulci even strives to give the film a terrible hurried queue, with the wild surviving hero who goes without a target in the wilderness (after defeating one with a magical arc so important to his own physical force!) On his next one? and thanked nefilmed ?? venture!
