A model called Laura works in South America when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a tape and taken to the jungle. They ask for a great redemption for her release. Peter is committed to finding his home safe and it is an advantage for him if he can bring back the money as well as the girl. Peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter with friend Jack. They try to give the kidnappers false money in exchange for Laura, but the plan goes badly wrong and has to be saved in the helicopter. The helicopter is shot and also has to save it (it does not work well until now). Jungle roaming is also a devil. In fact, he's just an empty black guy with strange big eyes and a breathing problem. He starts killing some rappers, and Laura escapes just to be captured by some primitives. The rest of the movie is a little unclear. Now I'm not a massive fan Jess Franco, in fact, so far, this is just his second movie, which I've seen, but even I can tell you that really is not one of the better efforts. Movies are shooting down slowly, without much happening. Everything could have been written quite easily in a 25-minute TV show. There are a lot of too long photos of people walking through the jungle that could be lifted directly. Devil Hunter is slightly lit (Infact I do not think he was lit at all), badly duplicated, poorly executed and slow, for some reason, did not bore me. I think the main reason for this was some of the hilarious scenes in this case. For example, a scene where Laura walks on the streets was shot in a real street as a lot of people stop looking directly at the camera as if shooting it. Another funny scene has one of the tape that was killed, hanging in a tree that drips out of the blood, one of his friends sitting directly under him screaming for what seems to be minutes. Then, for no reason, the tree man just falls and hits the guy beneath him. It must be seen to be believed. Then, of course, there is the real devil. It's just an empty black guy who, despite having massive eyes, has a very unclear vision. The film was coupled with some of the ugly frenzy of the 1980s in the UK and was banned. Now, why do not I have any idea. There are very few gore and not a shocking movie. Minus nudity would have said he could escape with a near PG. The only thing I can think of is that she was never actually seen and added to the original word-of-mouth list. There's not much reason to look at this movie really, unless you're massive Jess Franco's fan. There are a lot of nudity to prevent you from falling asleep and also some scenes that are so bad that you can have a good laugh at them but other wise I would say to just pay for a ticket to South America and lose in a jungle. It might be a lot more fun. 3/10
