The problem with "The Killer Elite" is that just looking for this movie and investing time to watch it, you make more effort in this experience than most of its main actors did, especially director Sam Peckinpah. <br /> <br /> The already volatile Peckinpah was heading towards the harsh weather with this movie. According to at least one biographer, this was where he got acquainted with cocaine. Add to this drink binge, and no wonder that things broke up. It's a shame because the concept behind the movie is a good one, and the first ten minutes promises a lot. Mike Locken (James Caan) and George Hansen (Robert Duvall) are private entrepreneurs who do a lot of dirty stuff for the CIA. They move fast, live well and seem to be the best of friends - then something happens to break the fraternity. An opening scene tells them that they are blowing in a building - why not tell us exactly about the course about the turmoil motivation of this film. But the implication is that these guys hurt people and does not really care - anti-heroes resemble Peckinpah's Wild Bunch, which was not long before. An opening letter tells us that he is working for ComTeg, then adds with obvious language in his cheek "... the thought that the CIA could employ such an organization for any purpose is, of course, absurd." This is a clever way to let the audience know that all bets are off. Add Peckinpah a solid spare part, including Burt Young, Gig Young and Peckinpah, regularly Bo Hopkins as a plum madman who can not get a chance to shoot with $ 500 a day and just want scriptwriters, including the famous Sterling Silliphant, try to do more with the story than turn it into a platform for lazy-fishing and wicked cocks. An attempt to inject a dose of social liberal commentary is embedded in your soul. "You're so busy doing your dirty work, you can not tell who the bad guys are," says someone Locken, as if he or we need him to point out. <br /> <br /> Worse is Peckinpah's clumsy direction and slow pace. We're 40 minutes into the movie before we get to our first battle scene, a completely chaotic collection of random shots where a group of people I have not met before are seen fighting at San Francisco Airport office suite. By the end of the movie, what's left of the cast is a battle inside a fleet of monster victory ships, ninjas running out into the open to be shot while Caan throws a lining that highlights any real suspense hint. "Give me seven to five, I get the little one," he swells just before a samurai duel between two ninja warriors - from China, whom we all know is Ninja's land. (Battle takes place in San Francisco, but surprisingly Mounties do not break things.) Caan is much better in smaller scenes, as when Locken, recovering from some unpleasant injuries, is told by one of his bosses, played by a smooth Arthur Hill, that was "Humpty-dumping" by the organization. Caan refuses to stay down, and his recovery scenes, though they have killed the film for the moment, show a fine action on his part and that of Van Amy Heflin's daughter as a support assistant. Caan was one of the best actors in the 1970s, and his laconic fight with Heflin, Duvall, Hopkins and both Youngs offers "Watch Killer Elite". But you do not look "Killer Elite" thinking about it. You look at the thought of the movie that escaped.
