"Nobody Knows Anyone" is a thriller of conspiracy theory about a satanic bomber / nuts that targets the religious celebrations in Seville during the week. He is also the best friend of the film's hero. The plot is set up by the bomber as a computer game, with himself and with the hero players, and Sevilla as the virtual environment. The very real alleys and streets of the city are beginning to take on the labyrinthine qualities of those old Pacman games. Looking in this way, the scene in which his hero and his female brother are pursued by the penitent with black fur and rayguns can not seem as bad as playing. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, we are aware that the narrative is built as a game - the hero's task is to create crossword puzzles for a popular newspaper; at some point, the crossword net on his screen becomes a chessboard he later plays against his girlfriend's father. Indices are freely scattered, as the camera mysteriously closes in images that later turn out to be significant (for example, the bar ad). Detective / tracking elements are part of an ongoing game, rather than an investigation after that. The film borrows a lot on the "Se7en" narrative, and anyone with a Catholic education will probably get the significance of certain events that happen on certain days in the Easter race. <br /> <br /> In this reading, the game is narrative, with the hero fighting against an enemy (in this case, the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the movie itself that undermines the first. There is another set of clues that does not indicate the intention of the killer, but that of his director and hero. In the first ten minutes there are references to chess, a writer called Navokov and a worship leader called Sarin. If we remember that Sirin's 19th Nabokov pseudonym was Sirin, we see another game in which we suspect not the bastard, but the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In a Nabokov novel, such as Fire Palette, a character author creates a text that is designed to hide its own motives, causing a play between the writer and the reader to discover the real text. Throughout the movie there are scenes that are visually distorted (for example, image contraction) or ambiguous dreams and hallucinations that make us suspect the hero's point of view. The game opening references are related to it. In the early sequences, much of the character's sexual and creative impotence is made, so the film could be his attempt to master his life, to be a winner, in a way that can not be real. No sooner has won the game than his writer disappears; the words he formulates are the title of the film, suggesting he is the general author. In addition, this Spanish title is reflected negatively on it, a very Nabokovian involution suggesting a hero, such as Kinbote, captured in its own uniqueness. This postmodern literature misery (Borges, Eco, Pynchon and colab is also alluded to), Fincher, X-Files, Run Lola Run, Chris Marker (the city's idea and history as a map and text, and as a cultural history haunting the present), the films "shock" Alex de la Iglesia of Bunuellian anti-clericism, and as a result in a film that is just the fact that, a joke, every intelligent intelligent element canceling the last interest, dissipate. Lack of clarity about the rules of the game makes it incomprehensible and ultimately bears. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in a work of such an overdetermined artifice, the main interest of the film lies in its quality of documentary, as a record of a narrative that takes place in a real city with its own its events that take place independently. Such a fuzzy ambiguous fact and fiction can create a masterpiece like "Sans Soleil" or "London", but ultimately you have to have a slight touch to fit your wits.
