In fictional science, two particularly interesting themes were originally explored in pre-kinematic literature and since then they have been reviewed periodically by film and writer producers alike with varying degrees of success. The first theme, the journey in time, had an unwavering fascination for film fans, as well as the most recently written word on the screen, with another version of the classic H.G. Wells, "The Time Machine". The second theme, which also manages to keep the audience laughing, is invisibility, which sparks imagination with seemingly endless and innumerable possibilities. And this theme has once again become the basis of a film adapted to another classic by HG Wells, "The Invisible Man," directed by Paul Verhoeven, with Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue. Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his colleagues have been doing experiments for some time for the US government, exploring the possibility and practical nature of invisibility, which they eventually reached in a number of primates that they tested their method . In fact, they have progressed to the point where invisibility is ensured; their only problem is now to bring the subject back to the initial "visual" state of being. It is a problem, however, that Caine, after a diligent effort and too many hours in the lab, has solved - or so he thinks. And when applying his theory to a living subject is successful, he decides to present the results of the board of directors in an effort to maintain the necessary funding to continue the project. <br /> <br /> But at the last moment, Caine is wandering, fearing that control over the project will be removed from him before he can move on to the next level - testing a human subject. And he's dealing with himself to become that subject, assisting his research team, telling them that the board of directors has been approved to do so. But something is not going well and Caine gets caught in his mantle of invisibility; and as he and his team strive to find the solution to his considerable dilemma before it's too late, everything starts to take a burden on Caine's mind. And suddenly, the fear of losing funding and control becomes inconsistent, as he faces the imminent danger of losing much more than that. Now there's a great chance he'll lose everything - include himself. Verhoeven has made what is initially an exciting, really thought-provoking film; he sets a good rhythm and uses F / X at his disposal for a great effect, although he tends to allow the striking visual to overwhelm the character's development. Anyone familiar with "The invisible man," or indeed anyone who can logically follow the evolution of the story, will know from the beginning that the Dog is not meant for happier times. However, Verhoeven has a storytelling style that will attract attention and engage the audience. But he seems to be inclined to rush to the climax, and by the way abandon any and all nuances that have made his success so far, preferring to enter a final sequence that is nothing more than a blood-and-gore without mind fest that betrays their audience and everything that worked earlier in the movie. Instead of seeking an intelligent solution to Caine's suffering and using an inventiveness and imagination to bring the film to the inevitable conclusion, Verhoeven takes the low path and, although it may have a purely visceral level, any significance that may result from the story dissolves as well so many ashes from the wind, along with anything that made this movie memorable. And it is a shame, because Verhoeven has a higher level than much of what is offered in this genre, and it allows it to sink into uselessly into a much smaller one. Kevin Bacon does a good job by creating a credible character, even if on the surface, which, apparently, perfectly serves Verhoeven's purposes. There is little depth for Bacon's portrait, but he has more to do with his director's agenda than with his personal skills. Verhoeven simply does not allow Bacon to develop Dog to any extent; the character is mainly a ship around which Verhoeven can build his story and, for that purpose, works. The film would have been better served, however Verhoeven and Bacon collaborated more closely to develop at least a link between Caine and the audience that would cause an emotional involvement on the part of the spectators, a little rather than leave them at the gate as such as observers of an extravaganza loaded by F / X. Elisabeth Shue performs well in the role of Linda McKay, experienced, but it is an ingrained part that offers a small challenge , especially a Shue caliber actor. The same can be said about Kim Dickens (so magnificent in the 2001 film, "Things Behind The Sun"). Her character, Sarah Kennedy, has nothing but to support the action and F / X. Both actors are capable of much more and deserve better than what they get to work here. Supporting casts include Josh Brolin (Matthew), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joey Slotnick (Frank), Mary Randle (Janice) and William Devane (Dr. Kramer). Cute at one point, and even at a certain level (low), "Hollow Man" is one of those movies that lets you contemplate what it could have been. As an annual fireworks show, it will give you some instant emotions, but after a while it will begin to mix with all the others you've seen, with nothing special to distinguish it. And it's too bad, because given the talent and abilities of those involved here, there could have been a lot more. I have this rate of 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
