Vampiri vs. Zombies starts from the latest news that the unidentified disease that spreads across America leaves the one suffering, with homicidal and cannibalistic tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and her teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio when I'm driving isolate the back roads to try and get rid of the disease when Travis runs over a guy who assume he is meant to be a zombie. A little further on the road, he stops helping Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson), who waves on the road, at this time there is also a third teenager named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) in the back of Julia's car tied and gagged. For me, this would seem strange, but Travis, as if he were the former commander, takes everything in his turn and agrees to "take" Carmilla out of Julia's hands and, well, I do not really know. So with a complete stranger, Travis leaves Julia & Tessa. Carmilla looks like a pretty girl, but she turns out to be a vampire and likes to bite people and turn them into Vampires, and she is partial to a bit of lesbianism. Travis, Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel while a guy called General (Peter Ruginis) who seems to be a sort of vampire killer and probably has something to do altogether, but the film is a mess he does not do matter and I do not know how to continue this parcel sketch as my head hurts just to think of him ... Co-edited, co-executive product, written and directed by the first Vince D'Amato Vampiri Vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror films in history and, therefore, one of the worst movies ever. D'Amato's screenplay was obviously based on a classical story titled "Carmilla" by Sheridan Le Fanu and it would be an absolute mess, the holes in plot and logic are so great that you could drive a tank through them! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why Carmilla is a vampire? Who is Julia with her? Who the hell is the general? What he wants? Where do Travis & Jenna go? How can Travis lead a man everywhere and still does not have the slightest bit of human excitement over him? What's the mental salon at the end? There are also some confusing and useless sequences just to disturb the viewer even more. There are so many things wrong with this film, the narrative does not make a blind sense, the concept is terrible and never properly explained and is incredibly boring. I have no positive thing to say about Vampire Vs. Zombie, not one. Forget the vampires who fight against the zombies, because it does not happen, tell me again why this movie is called Vampiri Vs. Zombie? Director D'Amato served one of the most incompetent, painful, badly made, inappropriate and painful visualization experiences ever made. Vampiri vs. Zombies have no redeeming qualities, there is not one thing I can praise. Gore is really a fake look, there are some blood streams that look like red water, some very cheap staking effects and the half-decent climax when the zombie feast on Carmilla & Jenna's intestines, this pretty hard scene is probably the best part of the whole fucking movie, but takes only minutes and in no case do other vampires turgid 85. budget Vs. Zombies must have been small, in fact it even had a budget because most of it is put on a road in a few cars. This is one of the worst made horror movies, I was the fuckin 'to watch, it's all shit. The actor is predictably horrible, and I mean terrible. There's nothing to say, Vampiri Vs. Zombies is easily one of the worst movies ever made. (V) next to the title on the IMDb main page for Vampiri Vs. The blues indicate that it went directly to the video, which is too good for this pile of nonsense because it is worth going directly to the nearest fire.
