Okay, I watched this movie twice now, I searched it a lot on the net, I asked for more people there. We have just reached the length of reading the original Sheridan Lafanu Classic "Carmilla," a book that is supposed to be based on this film. I think the best way to review this movie is to describe a game to play while watching it. Because the plot of the film does not seem to make any sense, here is the plot of the book. Laura lives in a Siberian castle with her father, Mr. De Lafontaine. They continue their happy and peaceful life. One day I get a letter from the "general," a man who has made his mission alive to avenge his daughter's death. He claims that supernatural powers are at work and explains that he will soon visit them. Meanwhile, a casual encounter with a weird woman has the effect that Lafontaines has dealt with her daughter Carmilla for several months. Soon, Laura begins to be overwhelmed by weird dreams and begins to come down with a strange disease. Who is this mysterious Carmilla? And what about Laura and the general? I invented this game and I wanted to play as many people as possible and tell me what the results are. I even have a nice name, and I would have a jingle, but I can not be bothered by that. It's called "this movie makes no sense". All you have to do is watch the movie, try to come up with a complete plot that explains what's going on. I want to say completely, all the questions answered, everything makes sense, absolutely complete. You will have to answer such questions as ... Why do vampires walk around the daylight? Why are all lesbians? Why is there a girl called Bob? and why is she pulling herself? When is the movie a dream and when is it true? Why zombie killing seems to be an accepted part of life does not make anyone knock an eyelid? Why does Travis Fontaine find a zombie without slowing down while driving, yet when confronted with a woman with an obvious hostage behind you, have you accepted that she is also a zombie? And why leave a girl, who later reveals her openly that she knows she is the vampire of the head, drive with him in the car. And then let her come out alone with her daughter, a stolen car? What the hell is the asylum scene all about? <br /> <br /> * What the hell is green goo? Why does the vampire head suddenly begin to dress like a nurse? Why there are never vampires Zombies? <br /> <br /> * What is the meaning of the necklace? what are they doing? why kill the vampires? and how does Jenna know? In fact, it's fun trying to come up with as many questions as possible about this movie. I have my plot, and I have to admit it's not right there, but it's a pretty good effort. In conclusion, "Vampires vs. Zombies" does not have time when there are actually vampires fighting against the zombies. Everyone in the movie seems to know exactly what's going on, but they seem very reluctant to leave the audience in this regard. And somehow it's based on a classic nineteenth-century horror novel. How? Why? What the heck is happening?
