It really is indeed. I have seen movies I did not like anymore, for whatever reason, but I have never seen a movie that fails in every aspect of filming. She really fails to fail to make the film, in a way that Hercules in New York might do. It's not the movie I like the least, but it's the worst movie I've ever seen. The actor is the first thing that hits you. I've never seen a worse movie out of pornography. Actually, I have a lot of pornographic movies that are much better than that. It's really terrible. Technically, it's terrible. The camera is amateur. Editing is meaningless. I suppose they could not afford the right sound equipment, which means that each scene in a car (and many of them) leads them to about three miles an hour, and each scene outside the same forest square exists a lot of them too) is actually dubbed from a studio, again lending more to the bad porn vibration. Plot is meaningless, as many have emphasized. I will defend vampires who go in the light of day by the fact that, despite being popularized by Nosferatu, it has never been an intrinsic part of vampire myths. Speaking of vampire myths, the writer obviously reads Carmilla, or at least seen by vampire lovers. I'm not sure how I feel about it, disturbing that it impressed that a movie of this terrible has at least some aspirations for a gothic novel that I love very much; or disturbed by the best references to noise and, in the worst case scenario, the total de-capitalization of the source material. At least "general" is an insult to Peter Cushing though. But she gets two stars, just because I can not vote to vote for a star for a movie that has or at least wants to have both vampires and zombies in it. As a matter of fact, I watched Lifeforce (another vampire movie and scary zombies) the same day, and despite the fact that it is a rather erroneous film, indeed a masterpiece is compared to that. Ultimately, it's not such a bad movie, it's good or so bad it's in any pleasant, even drunk way. It's just a mess and it's never worth to look.
