First of all, I have to emphasize how rare it is that I have time to comment on a movie I have seen, it takes a very special case for me to give me time and to write about how I felt about a movie. That being said, of the hundreds of movies I've watched I saw some of the brightest, Shawshank, the most scary, The Woman in Black, the funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon and now the worst: Vampires vs . Zombie. br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this movie is not funny! For those looking for a movie with a light heart, which will be just fun or at least as bad as it is funny, look elsewhere. It is true that such a movie does not try to be subtle and brilliant, with a title like this, you should know what you are doing. Having said that, there is no excuse for a film to abandon any rule that regulates the filming of the world. This is not an argument between traditional filmmaking and newer and more "artistic" methods to create a movie, this is an argument between bad directors and companies being held accountable for making terrible movies. <br /> <br /> The movie suffers from over-used words saying "I do not know where to start." Truly everything about this movie is broken. From actress to editing, there is no reason why a movie fails to produce a series of events such as Vampiri vs. Zombie. Some of the following issues are; 1. Scenario error - It is clear that the director, camera crew and actors were not on the same page. In a scene in particular, the scene starts with the camera resting on the ground looking at the front passenger door of a car. You expect the person inside to come out but there is one, and it is not exaggerated, at least 10 seconds between the delay between the camera and the directory says "action" where something happens on the screen. The viewer is allowed to look at the car door forever without sound, no movement, just the stereotype "dead air" that radio or TV commentators are upset about. Where was the edit? 2. Action - An offense forgiveness in most cases, you can not expect a movie like this to have Oscar winners, after all, but Vampiri vs. Zombie treats badly on another level. These "actors" have barely managed to read their writings clearly because anyone with any ability to read and speak would have been able to pronounce the lines better than these fools. My only comparison for acting should be the opening scene from Resident Evil on the Playstation. But that action was even better. 3-Story-Wait, what? Story? Again, you can not expect this to be the biggest story you've ever told, but is it too much to ask for an appraisal of a narrative? Why vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there good boys? Why all lesbians? But most importantly, what is the agreement with the zombies? If you've seen this movie, then you'll understand what I mean, but for those who do not, I will be clear that there are no zombies in this movie in five minutes. It was almost as if the director forgot the name of the film and was forced to throw some zombies without explanation at the very end. There are many more, but I hope I've done enough to prevent anyone from seeing this movie.
