The above seemed a more appropriate title when I and my suicide bosses decided to pursue this masterpiece of modern shit Erotic, Scary, Suspended, Well thought out, these are all the things that this movie fails. However, it is incredibly fun, slow sound effects and dubbing inappropriately added to it to make one of the greatest comedies we've seen in recent years. And yet this movie does not even try to be funny and this is one of the cinematic achievements, it becomes a comedy without trying to amuse. Throughout the movie, an old guy who looks amazing as Santa Claus revolves around looking over the zombies and defeating vampires in the ground. This made me not believe in the movie title, if it was vampires and zombies why vampires and zombies did not fight? Well, anything, except there were more defects at this rental location than the title. Such as this; there was a virus that runs across America, creating zombie-like beings that go around to act a lot like your average tourist. And yet, there are only four zombies in the whole movie. Another problem is apart from a store everywhere is deserted. You certainly see zombies roaming in the woods or in the background a little. In fact, I think they just went into a forest circle again and again, since they did not have a budget big enough to shoot in a larger location, the director did not want to lose their shots early in different areas of wood had to be busy sitting in a trailer tracing to be disturbed by such trivial problems. In fact, the director had so much fun doing this that he did not have enough time to hire a big enough cast or even a publisher. So he told the eight members of the band to dress up as different people and try not to act inconsistently, while I suppose he changed his name and started singing the roll movie randomly "editing is not a hard work The only reason this "movie" found it a way in our bag was because I bought it somewhat with Freddy and Jason, strange how these things happen, is not it? And the only way I have done it through the night was by gluing the gas masks and by pushing them to the skulls, to avoid the smell of dirt. "sure someone does this very much when they lose their health .......... .........
