(some spoilers) - as if you did not know how it would end My Attention to HOLLOW MAN was great. A very good comedy, a director like Paul Verhoeven and actors such as Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue plus a very interesting theme - invisibility. Every premise for a wonderful movie has been made. Unfortunately, these things were of no importance at all. The film was very weeks, without suspense and horribly predictable. <br /> <br /> It's about a bunch of scientists who've discovered invisibility. After animal tests have succeeded, Kevin Bacon decides to test him alone. Once it is invisible, it changes completely, realizing the advantages of not being seen. From this to murder there is a very thin line. Hollow Man is a bad movie. It suffers from the disease that many new movies have: special effects. From a provocative theme that could have led the producers to a tense psychological thriller, Verhoeven ruins everything by focusing only on special effects, without damaging the true value of the film. I have to admit that fxs are great, probably the best I've seen from the Matrix, but that's not enough to make a good movie. This is actually the problem with today's movies. Like Verhoeven, most executives only deal with spectacular scenes - and nothing more. Exceptions are very few and probably Matrix is ​​the only film that combines special fabulous special effects and an extraordinary plot. After the Troops from Starship, Verhoeven disappoints again. Instead of a great movie, HM is cr * p. There are only two reasons you can watch this movie: 1. special effects 2. joke with Superman and Wonder Woman (I will not spoil this moment for you ...) Okay, So what went wrong with the movie? All. Let's see what I remember. He is not at all tense. It should have been, but it is not. It's too predictable. You know from the beginning who will die and who will live. Instead of focusing on the psychological side, Verhoeven only cares about the effects. <br /> <br /> - Very many loops. Of course the evil guy wakes up several times before he dies. <br /> <br /> As in any low-quality horror, the first rule is to leave separate characters as much as possible. Every time someone is alone in the lab, the perfect victim for Bacon. Some holes in the plot. Example: In the beginning, Bacon needs to scan his finger to enter the lab. Once he is invisible, how can he do this? The end: absolutely horrible. After Shue hits Bacon in the head, Bacon falls to the ground. Then Shue and Brolin leave quietly and slowly without looking back. It's normal? Then Bacon gets up, attacks, kills him again. Then Shue shouted "I heard an explosion" (happened a few minutes ago), and they ran suddenly inside. Did not he hear that explosion sometime before? There is a scene where you can see the microphones hanging over the actors. Come on, Mr. Verhoeven, I expected much more from you! So it's Hollow Man. What was supposed to be a wonderful movie turned into a scam. <br /> <br /> Vote: 4 out of 10 (for special effects)
