Although it is not really such a terrible movie (especially given that it was made directly for TV-distribution), it will be very difficult to highlight a look in "leeches", which is actually original or refreshing. Vampires in space is not even a new formula, and even after so many films dealing with these monsters in this particular setting, nobody seems to realize that it is an incredibly stupid premise that can not possibly lead to a " in a horror film half way down the road. "Lippers" even goes one step further and shamelessly imitates every picture of imaginable film that either revolves around vampires and intergalactic war. The intrigue and characters are mainly stolen from John Carpenter's "Ghosts on Mars" and "Aliens" by James Cameron as a crew of futuristic vampire hunters are creeping through space and regularly storing to eliminate a mutant species which have been named after notorious horror icons such as Voorhees and Leatherface. Good boys are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes, who are constantly dealing with cluttered issues, and undoubtedly quarreling about unimportant issues. Captain Damian is an unpopular novice who will really have to demonstrate his leadership capabilities now that he was more or less responsible for the previous (and much loved) death Captain Churchill. The other annoying characters include a typical cowboy model and a happy macho pilot, a tough warrior with more balls than any of the men on board (is Asian origin, and the face of the "Aliens" was Latino) secret weapon Valuable: a blade-girl! Quintana is a beautiful and dead vampire who chose people. She can see her enemies when I'm still a few years old and can do sexy things also with someone's wet dreams. Finally, they all learn to work as a team when they are forced to face the final vampire: Michael Ironside (in another role of downgrade). "Lipitor" is a badly irreplaceable movie, but manages to entertain as long as it has bloody murders, infant dialogues and OTT make-up effects. It becomes boring only when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the eleventh time and blah blah blah. This film is a non-stop series of cliché and non-Christian ideas, but at least it is pursued.
