Man has reached the farthest places of the earth and is now traveling to new worlds. But with new worlds come old vices ... vampires of space. And not just a hand, but all the tribes. In this movie (which I saw as "Bloodsuckers," but I think there is also "vampire wars"), we see what happens when imperialist lands meet imperialist vampires. because it does not deserve a good review. The best thing I can say about this movie is that it has a good distribution of b-list and future stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana and was much more attractive here than in "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco and is always a fan favorite (as I say, he is Jack Nicholson, the poor). And we even get Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's wife," which horror fans will now recognize as Jenifer from Jenifer's Darifer Argento. So this film, as bad as it is, is not without some attached names ... but the same thing can be said about Uwe Boll's work. The concept of military pursuit and killing vampires in space is not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the field of "cheese" and this film is hard. The actor, especially the vampires, is over and I have not found the explanations of their very convincing existence. Worst of all, vampire tribes have the names "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand it was supposed to be a smart reference for horror fans, but it was not intelligent at all. It sounded foolish and out of place (as opposed to the more subtle references of James Gunn's "Slither", such as the appointment of shops by less known directors of horror). That's all I want to say. If you can make a bunch of cheese (on this day I could not be from Wisconsin) and you want to see the average costumed actors fight against vampires in space (although "space" looks very much like any other forest on earth ) check it if you can find it. I do not personally recommend this when you can watch other Jon Carpenter vampire films ("Vampires" by Jon Carpenter) or other unnatural space movies. Or maybe even some good ones. But, hey, do your thing.
