I go to the cinema every week or so, and check this site regularly, but I never felt compelled to comment on a movie. For my list of shocking bad movies - The Last Standing Man, Spawn, Bone Collector - Now I can add a noise that was "Hollow Man". From the terrible opening titles - a long-awaited long-running run of tracks and crew with alphabet spaghetti - to the end of the insulting - a record number of clichés worldwide and some of the absurd dialogues and actions that ever came to cinema - this movie is grim and only the impressive graphics on your computer prevent you from leaving long before the end. This is not just my opinion - it was that of my friends and all those around us. When large sections of an audience laugh and groan during and after a serious thriller, it is clear that the movie is hopeless. Not only was he sick. The director took over the action beyond the limits of a realistic fare for a violent film and the kingdom of a top B movie. It's hard not to imagine the director as a kind of dirty, old man, because the invisible man's out-of-work and outdoors stretched only to two attempts to have a feeling of breasts. Perhaps sex may be the first thing a guoke's mind can do if it's invisible, but besides the aesthetic pleasures of the ladies involved, it hardly makes entertainment cinema. <br /> <br /> Skip over the ill-suited outdoor movies, and things are even worse. While Kevin Bacon is doing a good job of acting more and more twisted as a "naked man," the others - perhaps disabled in a terrible scenario - do a better job of running out. A long-time member of the team is found strangled in a cupboard by the invisible man, "Finally hit", shrugs a colleague without any hint of excitement. This happens for the course, and the lab team binds between terrible terror and total indifference at such a rate as to ask how they got into action. They walk their way through the terrified laboratory corridors, the guns are getting ready, but then, after a few seconds, one crew retires happily in the corridor to get blood for a wounded colleague. The leading woman treats the invisible man with good will and goodwill, even after insulting her and abusing her, and seems to react a little to his outbursts even after the Pentagon head drowned: "He drowned in the pool last night "the same woman, spectacularly unable to put two and two together. The script is full of this badly-behaved dialogue of the pedestrians, and the rest is just an AZ of movie clips that sit on thicker and faster while the movie progresses to the point of mistrust and fun at the end. The computer eureka moment, the window-naked woman, the security loop video - the list is really endless - the predictable failure of power in figures, the decision not to kill the two main stars, an imminent dead death spot and leave them on their own devices, the almost dead man, who appears out of nothing to save the woman, the bomb and the omnipresent time clock, the fire bomb that burns before it reaches heroes, the elevator that stops before hitting them and, more than anything else, the immortality of the evil man. The invisible man is burned in one piece with an impromptu flame thrower, struck around his head, with a bar that had just been cut straight through one of the smaller actors and then surviving the survival of the explosion, fireball and destruction the total of the labs, has more than enough life to climb the fireball for the last pop to the movie heroes - at what stage the unbelieving audience twists and looks at their watches. That the extremely bad movie made by the cinema is astounding. Even the name of the film is as hopeless as the film, and even impressive special effects do not come close to saving it, which should be avoided at all costs.
