I've seen this a few nights in the back, without waiting too long and without being surprised that it did not give anything too interesting. The plan created by a crew of vampire hunters (V-San, for vampire salvage) that travels through their spaceship, periodically killing space vampires and saving people is pretty sound, and if the film was handled better it could be something quite like. Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the sense of real quality begins to drain from the film, leaving something behind it, although it can not be traced, it is bad enough. I do not expect anything special from these movies appearing on the Sci Fi Channel, and at least that was not one of the features of their creatures with an atrocious cgi beast, but it was still pretty bad, especially because of writing and acting, but with sterling contribution to the evil generated by horrible music. When the film opted only for a typical typical science that sounded strange to the soundtrack, it did well, but most of the time, a bad harasser, the soft rock came in and drew the scenes into humiliation. I would have tolerated the act of generic writing and writing more if it was not the choice of music, which was a mistaken calculation, turning things from cheesy to comic. From the actress, Dominic Zamprogna was OK but weak as the nominal hero, while Leanne Adachi was quite irritating as a tough girl in the vampire team, and Aaron Pearl played another member that was not well written or enough interesting to make an impression. Although she did not seem so good at the hammer acting Natassia Malte managed to have a less irritating character than the others and the fact that it is very nice to look at her. The only serious name in the movie is Michael Ironside and he's inadequately used, though he does beautiful, funny enough in a way he suspects was intended. He seems to have fun and earns his salary, and his role is fun. The effects are okay on the whole, they are at least science-fiction media standards, and there are also some splash scenes and a bit of fun. Things are moving nicely, and I almost feel bad about this movie being bad, but then I remember breaking into laughter at regular intervals and realizing that if the movie is not an intentional comedy, what I do not think it is then you just do not manage to do It too many are blades, daft, unconvincing, it's an effort OK, I think you did not appeal to me. Just let it go if you really know the SciFi trash or the unintentional sessions, I would say .
