Bloodsuckers has the potential to be a somewhat decent film, the concept of military types pursuing and fighting vampires in space is one with a potential in the cheesy field of things. Even the idea that the universe is full of different vampire races, all with different attributes, many of which the characters must still find, are just as cold. Regarding how most of the galaxy life outside the earth is vampire, I'm not sure how decision-makers meant to work, given the nature of the vampires. Who the hell needs to feed if almost all of them are a vampire, I do not know. As the movie comes across a low budget mix of Firefly / Serenity movies and vampires with a line of Aliens. The parts of the film are quite average and derived (especially by Serenity), but passable - are reasonably executed and there is enough gorilla for a vampire movie, including a comical variety of blood. There are a lot of character stuff, most of which are boring, coming from conflicts between characters that look more like whines, immature arseholes - primarily cowboy dude and Asian. There are some character scenarios that really are working and the actors do not play it too badly, but it mostly slows things down. A nice attempt to personalize the characters, but people do not follow a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. The actor is actually good. Michael Ironside does and it's just as fun to watch that never and at least a few women are hot. The SFX space is not too bad for what is clearly a low budget job. The story is again quite average and derivative, but as I said the created world has a little potential. The way things are set Bloodsuckers really seems like the pilot of a TV series - the character dynamics has been introduced, the world has been introduced but has not been explored, etc. The film has some important moments and the scratch head - the kind of thing that actually makes these troublesome productions visible. The scene where our heroes are interrogating a chestbuster puppet creature. Hilarious. - "Sex scene". WTF really. - Credit "And Michael Ironside Like Muco". The most annoying aspect of all this is really terrible and usually inappropriate pop music, which played very hard over half of the movie scenes. It is painful to listen and just to hide from what is just the best on average. Basically, a good watch is that you're ready for something cheesy, even if it's just for the "chestburster" scene.
