Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as blind Lilly, the film script is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. A renowned theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), becoming blind after a car accident, is on his way to himself and his destiny. Lilly, being unseen since birth, is a teacher for the blind and wants to make him "see" again. (The unseen people see with their fingers, nose and ears.) Here this film becomes a roadmovie; and the more the road becomes, the closer the relationship grows, which was predictable from the beginning of the film. The theater director is on his way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia at sea and makes artistic installations - of course, what should they do on another? - and she's still alive, because she's expecting his son to die. Dear good! These are destiny! Eventually the son arrived! Mother celebrates a big party! The beach. The wind blows and a pianist plays on a real piano in the middle of a dune. Yes, they celebrate their farewell. The son arrives in time. The mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a beautiful nurse. Now a great artist can die in the arms of his great son of an artist, talking about sad contemplations about living in perfect German, while the son responds with a harsh focus. Because the son can not see, he does not fall in love with medical care - the script would become too complicated! - But look for Lilly on the way home. Alongside this guide, Lilly's sister, staying at home, asks a colleague to hustle him, who starts to cower. This is a good opportunity. Because Mom (Tina Engel) is on the road with his lover Lilly, Paul (Harald Schrott). I'm after Lilly, bring her back. Paul and Lilly's mother are not in love because the film script would have become too complicated. The film script failed to make Paul something exceptional. I would suggest an architect or a pianist, or a famous class! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince her to go back to Paul because she has two eyes to see and take care of her. But Lilly felt in love with his pupil, the theater director; did I mention that he was even a famous theater director? This is the art of the German movie! As you can see in this pretentious production, the German film subsidy fund does not always produce good movies, because it subsidizes only such pseudo-intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the movie script has been cobbled together from some highbrows in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute with an idea. Probably Til Schweiger also contributed with intellectual intellectual lightning, being a co-producer. I was reminded of this film script of another German film of absolute pain: "Barfuss" - the title spelling is not right! The DVD cover "Barfuss" writes with pride: "A Til Schweiger film". This film also received subsidies from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. Please do not spoil your time with this movie! There are very good movies in Germany. Take care of film directors such as Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
