I caught this Cuban movie at an artistic film club. It was shown shortly after the 1935 master drawing, in which the sympathetic island is reconciled with the Jazz Island. What recently died, the late Ruben Gonzalez, through the speakers in this old cinema hall, and a Cuban flag hanging on the stucco rocaille motifs, was set up for a celebration of the shooting and synchronization of bleeding to Helms-Burton's idiots. But then the movie started. And the cinematic peeling paint became more interesting than the screen mess. The story of Nada Mas promises a lot. Carla is a boring envelope bored at a Cuban post office. Her only escape from an entirely humorous existence is to embrace letters and rewrite them, transforming the interpersonal basic grunts into Brontëan outbursts of breathless emotion. Cue numerous photos of photogenic Cubans who shine with joy, pain, pity, terror and the like. The problem is that the simplicity of the narrative is destroyed by endless trips in cinematic art, the Latin caricature, the Marx Brothers, and even - during a particularly overwhelming editorial trick - the celluloid scrap of a school failure in the face of a character. <br /> <br /> One-dimensional characters abound. Cunda, the head of the post office, is a dominatrix-nosferatu without humor. Her bizarre comets, Concha, show different fingers, ears and sparkles. Cesar, the horror of metal and romantic interest, reveals the talent of hidden writing when Carla goes to Miami. A chase scene (in ha-so-hill fast-forward) is thrown in a good deal. All of this would be good in a Mortadello and Filemon comic strip, but in a black-and-white FX movie, with high-speed claims, ah. Nada Mas tries to straddle styles somewhere between Amelie's "quirky-heroine-matchmakes-strangers" and Il Postino's "poetry-like-great-redemption" theme. Like Amelie, her protagonist is a white, white, eccentric woman who fights against imminent spinoff trying to bring magic to the lives of strangers. Like Il Postino, the film does not deviate from poetry recitations and a postman on a bicycle has a romantic advantage. Unfortunately, Nada Mas fails to capture the luxury and transcendence of each film. There are two things that might merit watching this movie in a late TV star. The first is Carla's opening head on a tiled floor that matches the crossword in which she works. The second is to see Nada Mas as a warning: the obsession of our Buena Vista Social Club with a Cuban artistic production can often brighten us into accepting any slag that has a bongo on the soundtrack. This film should not have merit a global release - films such as Waiting List and Guantanamo covers a similar theme territory much more.
