The invisible man is a fantastic film from 1933, a cutting-edge movie for the time when the objects seemed to rest above a man who was really invisible. Let's go, look at the movie, you'll be shocked that it was made in 1933, it was the first true movie with special effects. Come 2000, computer-aided special effects seem to be the child's play, audiences are not blown by special effects but are disappointed if they are not doing well. Hollow Man's special effects, updated HG Wells's story, are OK, but not the biggest problem with this movie directed by Paul Verhoeven, which you mentioned for Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine, a scientist who interferes with the world of bioinvestment (yes, I know it is not a word) but, of course, he is fighting the biggest ones who threaten to eliminate the funding of the team. So as film characters who are about to have their cutoff funding are prone to doing, he makes the final sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for invisibilation (yes, I know, I used that non-word again) process. The process has bad consequences, no Dog dies, but becomes an exasperated, violent creature, though a guy. Now that she's invisible, Caine follows a sexy neighbor, a colleague, ex-girlfriend Linda (Elisabeth Shue) and the man who got her funding. Then something fun is happening, Caine becomes a new supernatural being, "Thing that will not die." Laughing at all natural things, Caine faces death and spits before him because he takes what feels like the hours for this creature to die, dragging the end of the movie. The film is silly, stupid and finally ridiculous by the way realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. There are precious possibilities in the naked man, but, of course, none of them is explored. For a more interesting look at an invisible being, get ready for an old-fashioned black-and-white cinema and check Man Invisible 1933. Kevin Bacon will still be invisible when you return, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.
