David Arquette is a young and naive security home security vendor picked up under Stanley Tucci's wing. Arquette is a golden boy who got a big sale at his first call - at widow Kate <br /> <br /> Capshaw and her son dopey Ryan Reynolds. Things go well for Arquette, he appears in advertisements for security firm and falls in love with Capshaw. Tucci and the right woman, Mary McCormack, left him in a little secret - sometimes they enter the homes of their clients to frighten them and get their neighbors to buy security systems from the firm. Arquette decides not to get involved, taking Capshaw to meet his family and live his life with a nasty smile on his face. Then someone enters Capshaw's house and kills her and her son. Arquette suspects Tucci and sets a series of pitfalls, resulting in a runway in his boss's head as Tucci pleads for his innocence. Based on a stage play, "The Alarmist" does not open up well. The scenes where Arquette takes the capshaw to meet his parents have been badly played and completely inoperative. I'm also out of line with the character Capshaw plays while he's getting drunk and telling him sexually explicit stories to Arquette's mother, Michael Learned. Others More than these scenes, Capshaw has not much to do, but she does a lot with the little one she gives. <br /> <br /> Stanley Tucci, as well as Terry O'Quinn, is a rebellion as the owner of the security firm. He is a creep who really does not understand Arquette's moral repulsion. However, when he turns into a whiner jigging after Arquette kidnaps him, he is hilarious. Mary McCormack seems to have been taken care of for a bigger role, but most of it is around her and she agrees with Tucci. Ryan Reynolds is too old to play a bad teenager, but he's funny, especially by telling her explicit story to Arquette. <br /> <br /> Shortly, the romantic comedy to dark comedy is too short. Capshaw's parents' meeting is completely unmotivated, unless it gives him reason to leave the city so that someone can enter her home. Capshaw and Reynolds are in the movie just to give Arquette a reason to take revenge on Tucci. Arquette, who proved to be a good actor, is terrible here. He relies on the constipation kidnapping that brought them through those AT & T announcements and is not strong enough to build that poor film around. In fact, Reynolds might have been a better choice in the role. Dunsky's direction is good, nothing to win an Oscar soon. <br /> <br /> Christophe Beck Jazzy Light Score reminds the type of movie noir this movie is trying to be, and it's really appealing to the top of it. Despite pluses, Arquette's failure as a lead and sci-fi-scripting scripts sink the film. I do not recommend it. It is rated (R) for physical violence, gun violence, some gore, powerful profanity, short nudity for women, sexual content, strong sexuality adult references and situations.
