Ghost Town begins as Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) heads along an isolated desert road, her car collapses suddenly and hears hooves approaching ... Sheriff Deputy Langley of Riverton County is called to investigate his disappearance Kate after her father reports that she disappears. He finds the split car and tries to look for it, unfortunately the car breaks and he has to go. Langley ends in a resounding ghost town, much of Langley's shock soon finds out that he is a ghost town, populated by the ghosts of his inhabitants and led by evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs) who kidnapped Kate for reasons have never been explained and it is up to Langley to save her and put an end to the curse of the cities ... One and only executive effort of Governor Richard, this strange movie did not do much for me and I did not like that a lot. Duke Sandefur's script tries to mix the horror and western genres that make no great effect. Have you ever wondered why there are no Western hybrid hybrid films anymore? Well, I do not even have, but if I ask such a question I would find all the answers in Ghost Town because it is not very good. The two genres do not mix so well. There are a lot of clichés, and on the western side of the people there are innocents who have to be afraid to stand up to a band of thieves who terrorize them, the main street shocks, the bars of the salon with the swing doors and the prostitutes from the top and in wise horror there are a lot of spiders, some ghosts, an ancient curse, dead bodies and some violent killings. I was very overwhelmed by this, I suppose there is nothing wrong with something other than something other than boring and the two genres do not fit together. There are also some holes in the plot, why did Devlin kidnap Kate? I know he looks like his previous girlfriend, but how did he know what he was going to do with her anyway? We never know why this ghostly city is filled with ghosts, that's what keeps them there and what made them come back like ghosts? Then it's a bit at the end of which Devlin, after being shot, says he can not be killed just for Langley to kill him a few seconds later, I mean why the bullets did not work first? /> The Governor's Governor is fine, there is a pleasant horror movie atmosphere with well-lit sets of spider scattered and the standard western city of Hollywood is here represented by a central street with wooden buildings bordering on one side and of the other. I would not say that it's scary because it's not, there's not much tension and the movie is shooting in places, despite having only strange over 80 minutes. Forget about any goron, a few bleeding wounds, after a blow of two people with the cut neck and someone is pulled with a metal pole and so it is. The budget was pretty small here, it's pretty well made and competent if not something else. Credit if the credit is due to costumes and period sets are pretty good actually. The actor is fine, but no one will win prizes. Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not sure who wants to call and certainly did not appeal to me. Anyone looking for a western will be upset with horror elements, while anyone looking for a horror film will be bored with Western elements. It's something different, but that does not mean it's good, it's worth an hour if you're desperate but not busting an intestine to see it.
