I had a recent viewing experience with The Perfect Witness (2007), because the recommendation engine NetFlix recommends seeing this movie. Apparently, at some point, I told him how much I liked Michael Haneke's video, Benny's video. I do not know about you, but this parallel is provoked in me, it was a story of excitement and enthusiasm on Thomas C. Dunn's movie and made my time almost impossible to refuse. Only this type of recommendation from the NetFlix computer for me has made the aesthetic / moral film bar to be so high that it reflects something quite unrealistic in every movie produced in 2007. < <br /> <br /> Once I have reproached my film response in this way, I will continue to knock this picture down as being poorly executed and banal; and I really do not like doing that because I think our boy, Wes Bentley, is not only one of the most exciting young faces in contemporary cinema but also one of his most talented and underestimated screening talents in the US . I'm more than worried that the poor guy will miss the famous ship if he keeps on dealing with film directors for the first time like this one. The perfect witness refers to Micky (Wes Bentley), who still lives with his mother ("Do not drink the area again?"), But he is a filmmaker or at least a level voyeur street with a retirement pension that will be Johns in Philadelphia frightening alleys with DVX 100B. There, by doing the private investigative exercises, Micky "inadequately" recorded a brutal murder in a misfortune for twenty years with the camera. Thinking that beats and movies as a cultural coin can be equated with his white city ghetto ticket (and not the debts of his unreasonable friends and relatives who put the money for his atrocious films), Micky is approaching striker James LeMac Mark Borkowski: he also has a written credit) or "Mac The Knife," whichever it is - and blackmailing the killer in making a documentary about his murder impulses by taking this material found over an attacker with police threats. <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie is that there are no interesting ideas for doing it. While both the writing and the direction are amateur, only that does not make a bad movie. It is that these guys engage in a pretty bad assumption that what they present is shocking in the context of a culture in which virtually every free person with access to a private computer can connect to the web and can get the truth of the decapitation action on their small Mac or PC. No film is based on the value of the shock alone (except that, ironically, it is a film about animal torture) and therefore the cinematic images of violence (real or false) have less and less cultural capital with every passing year. We also have this amazing actor talent in the lead, all the hip guys with a real style: the two-inch beard and the head of the skull with the small bills on it, back, just like the high school dork who wanted after the services the potential of my primary interest in love? the same guy who is now called himself a "poet." Change me. "I'm an artist," "I'm a director." Good. Please, continue with that ceiling, Cronnie. It looks like you've bought a lot of expensive 35mm shares. And continue, you can wear all the creations of a "creature," but do not expect us to finally respond to your character below the average during your two-hour film while eliminating Wes Bentley's career. Why do not we let history speak with the merits of what you do, the type of film. I think history will eventually say something about it, probably not as good as you think it is. And yes, the chances will be to blame your dear, to get our Micky man here in the perfect Witness; hanging from prey and covered by your friend's blood with a video camera in his hand. That's great.
