Another day remained inside, another movie to watch. After I finished my Christmas shopping yesterday on a cold afternoon and fog, I had nowhere else to go to get rid of "The country she forgot". Rather, I had nothing to look at. Doug McClure, the lead actors' bastion, is leading a handful of Allied sailors immersed in a U-Boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. U-Boat Capture (in a scene defying logic and reason), they are finally on a strange island, seemingly untouched by human hands. Together, they explore the earth and discover dinosaurs and neanderthals! Can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of the earth that Time has forgotten? <br /> <br /> Despite being made a few years before Star Wars, these films are far from light in terms of special effects. The photos of the model are a bit better than anything you would expect to see in an episode of Stingray by Gerry Anderson, and the creatures are not much better. When T-Rex was killed, he was killed, he fell in the same way as zombies when you killed them - frozen in the middle of the walk and collapse, arms and legs held as a sleeping cow that was pushed. Granted, the sets are not too bad, but the acoustic noises and endless explosion noises (which sound the same) strive to destroy credibility and enjoy the picture as a whole. Characters are neither credible nor worthy of your sympathy, for they seem to move everything in their arms. Eventually, I just did not care if they went down the island or not and until the end came, I was easier than having fun. <br /> <br /> The costumes are quite authentic until cavemen arrive and are bikini skins and backpacks. And though it was quite obvious from their actions, you would not have known that some characters were German from their accents. The whole issue was lacking a little Polish and cohesion, leaving the viewer confused in places and dissatisfied with others. Overall, this movie barely registers a reward for emotions these days, although you can find some little fun in trying to work if Colin Farrell is. I saw his name in credits, and half expecting a child with an Irish accent and facial suspicious hair to appear. Good. Nothing particularly great here to see, but just about OK if you eat lunch and weather prevents future activity.
