I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited since I'm a big fan of Punk Rock, Horror and Spoofs. I was very surprised at what I saw. I knew it was a low budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded with a video camera. It opens with a good song and a very underestimated band, The Horrorpops, reforming their song, Where they strolled and watched in a variety of awful ways. It's a big opening. But the problem is that, to the end, this movie was really everything. A live performance, a death. Another live performance, O death. She was aged. And there is an excessive (literally) gut of intestines in death scenes. Why does not the killer use other parts of the body, such as legs, eyebrows or brain? Do not get me wrong, this movie has some parts that are wonderful. Like the French hardcore band, simply known as BERET, the prospect of a band called Atticus, the scene that features a performance of The Used and Simple Plan members together because no band had enough members to play their show, and Bowling For Soup's overweight guitarist who was killed in a really hilarious manner that I will save for the future observers of this movie. But the big problem I have with this movie is, at first, comical, but after a while, a terrible lack of talent in acting in many "actors". In particular Warped creator, Kevin Lyman. He tries a lot, but I suspect he did not want to make the film, but he was contractually bound or something. In addition, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on DVD. The film's storyline is very troubled and very random. something about a magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as a devil. Bottom line, this movie has many good qualities but is not enough to be close to a decent film of horror, music or comedy. Though I must think I was drawn to some troops I would never have heard, otherwise. Such as the Tsunami bomb, and Phenomonauts (a crazy band, Psychobilly). We recommend renting this movie, watching the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like, watch the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, then watch it. If not, go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live performances. They broke up! Long live in Punk Rock and Horror!
