Contrary to my principles, let me first come to a conclusion, because I have just seen this piece of "art" and still have strong impressions. The reader is asked to excuse my vocabulary stronger. Well, this movie is absolutely horrible, and I would never bother writing a single word about it unless it was not that "44 minutes" made me die sick, which is rare for me. The fact that I paid for this does not make me feel better, and the fact that the movie deserves a high rating of users here. So what's wrong with the movie? It has a trendy title - "44 minutes". One thinks first about "15 minutes," which is a much better, but still bad movie in my book, and indeed the two can be compared to some extent. But, like luck, the things they share are their most serious characteristics. Both present Mr. Oleg Taktarov, who, with his strong Russian accent, obviously responds to popular expectations and prejudices. His purpose is to appeal to the mind of the Cold War. Ah, we miss the good times. Now, I'm not saying he's a bad actor, I'm still to judge his true performance, but he's not just a real individual here, he's more like an archetype. The way anyone can indulge in such things is completely beyond my understanding. We can recognize modern American xenophobia here. The point in the film, in which Taktarov explains to his comrade that Romanians are not Germans and that they are in America, is really ridiculous. We have to assume that most desire duo fucking is to become "real" Americans? <br /> <br /> Then there is the media problem. Yes, it seems that most of what we learn comes from cameras, interviews, and reporters. The director should have made us feel the rhythm of the supposed 44 minutes. Instead, he gets bored with interviews throughout the movie, like in an inexpensive television show, trying to reinvent the wheel. In 15 minutes the issue of the media is central. The point is presented in a way that a teacher addresses a obtuse student, but deserves a separate comment, we are now concentrating on 44 minutes. So we tried to identify the purpose of this film. What is it? To give a good moment to the public? To glorify weapons? To glorify the police? Explain the violence? Yes, the officer gives the Bible to the minor offender. So, do you have to promote peace and understanding after all? I do not think so, but do not ask me. I just know I did not enjoy this. Ah, Michael Madsen. I admit, I'm a big fan. We hoped it would be a bright point of view, but I was wrong. It is not his fault. <br /> <br /> Being the final note, comparing the "power of fire" with "will" at the end of the movie was one of the worst lines I've ever heard. scale 1-10, give it a pure, unaltered one.
