A painful, prolonged, lethal and predictable drama, the Fifteenth Sidney Lumet Fifth, Garbo Talks, triggers precipitously at the end of the low quality of my search. The film documents a young worker called Gilbert (Ron Silver), Estelle Rolle's son (Anne Bancroft), eccentric, feisty, and above all, an obsessive fan of Greta Garbo. When Estelle becomes affected by a brain tumor, her son decides to go into an obsessive search for her own: to follow Greta Garbo and bring her to his mother. Anne Bancroft is a full-fledged way of doing her mother-adventure here, that kind of feisty ol 'gal, which the movie loves, if she's mouth-watering to people, rises for her ideals, and she ending in jail all the time. She stands outside the film as an obvious artificial construction, and every scene with her is the yuk-yuk trick; every striking note of falsehood. The rest of the characters are just one-dimensional, but extremely interesting. Ron Silver is flat and his triangle of love attempts is as telegraphic as anything else in the movie: He meets Lisa Rolfe (Carrie Fisher), but gets sick with colleague Jane Mortimer (Catherine Hicks) scene three scenes before it happens. That's the other problem. One-dimensional characters can survive if they are presented in an intriguing and captivating story, but there is nothing here. The rhythm of the film is glacier, shining with foreign material, which does not harden anything, and when the film begins to follow a linear plot, it is both fruitful and uninteresting. There are a lot of celebrities, so to speak, including Harvey Fierstein as a New Yorker homosexual (imagine that) in another extremely invaluable scene. Lately, the film tries to make half a way, a decent statement about the nature of idolatry and its role in our lives, but by then none of the characters are real people, and the film was bored with obedience, so it works as a too little, far-too late. The film is the fifteenth Lumet film directed by him, making it easily the most watched director, but besides a prank of "A Stranger Among Us, anyone?" He did not bloody uninteresting painful debates Garbo. <br /> <br /> {Degree: 4.5 / 10 (C / C-) / # 21 (out of 24) since 1984 / # 23 of 25 Lumet movies}
