I did not even know that this movie existed shortly after I saw Blade: Trinity, I got messed up in Trinity when I saw some users mentioning how the Wes Craven series is much better than the "crap" that I'm Blade. I quickly scanned the research: I checked the scores on IMDb & RottenTomatoes for Dracula: Ascension, and somewhere along the search I found out that this is a continuation of Dracula 2000. I also noticed that in the Wes Craven plates Dracula has existed for this movie, which is a big contradiction with the scores I've seen. Now, take a quick personal recapitulation here. I remember seeing Dracula 2000 and I remember he did not like it at all, and then seeing Dracula's scores: Ascension has reduced my expectations even more, but again, I'm the type of person really needed to I watch the film (any movie) to form my own opinion. A few things I came to know when I started watching this movie was that it was a low budget, so because of that, I went to ignore a lot of v / fx and to realize that be offset by story and acting, I was also slightly impressed by some of the tracks in this movie (Jason London, Roy Schieder and Jason Scott Lee) <br /> Oh geez ?? This movie was CHEESY! But cheese can be fun at least, I realized it is quite afraid of ridiculous, bad audio synchronization from re-recording dialogue in an FEW scene, the stupid characters in this movie. Of course everyone knew about vampires and some basic stuff, Luke even had a book about him, but he prevented them from wanting to "intentionally" infect them? No, that's worse than the blows that the little girl has to get out of the shower and check the noise she's hearing with nothing more than a towel. I also probably have a moment, because I do not know how Dracula has clothes on his body, especially because he is big and wild and I think if I were in that situation, I would not want to be the one who puts it . So the movie ends like any middle-sized movie of a trilogy? is not, instead, it's a "Cliff Hangar" where I now have to wait for the third installment of "Legacy". Oh, the entertainment value of Cheesy movies.
