the film opens with a beautiful lady in a white tattered dress that passes through a stereotypical city of Eastern Europe. we know it is followed by something, because she continues to look behind her. and soon we will see that it is being watched by a mysterious man in a black trenchcoat. then we realize that man is actually the vampire hunter and that he is after her. but look is that her reflection in the store window ??? they are not just their identical twin vampire! but, unfortunately, both get it. After this brilliant and amazingly glamorous glow for the old 60's and 70's hammer films (twins are listed as twins of evil, which, of course, is the name of the final fair in the karnstein trilogy of the hammer), the plot dies pretty much . What small plot is involved in the dracula (which changes its appearance in a convenient way each time it is reborn, so the producer does not have to retreat the same dracula) coming to a morghet, the media students realizing he is immortal and thinks. .. wow what an opportunity, I may ignore all those movies that say that drinking vampire blood turns you into a vampire and use the vampire blood to find a cure for our friend illness. Obviously this is a mistake and everyone becomes a vampire. A new concept, but that was drawn in the wrong way. The film continues to create wonderful situations and refuses to do anything with them. For example, medical students try to bring the hell back to life by placing it in a bathtub full of blood in a country retreated down the mansion. The house itself is quite frightening to be the center of the movie, but are we staying there? not because they decide to take the vampire into an abandoned swimming pool. sigh. This movie has a real "homage" problem as we mentioned before the opening scene came out of the hammer, and this house would have been perfect for a hammer-like movie, but the film is fast moving and turning into a medical horror. The other problem is that they introduce so many characters that it's almost impossible to be bad for any of them. There are doctors students and a wheelchair tied to the "friend" type teacher, the average students are all: arrogant, boring, hungry, and stupid. as they did at the school of medicine, I am astonished, unless the medical school had to meet the bound muscle / elbow requirement. and then there is the vampire hunter who remains mysterious through the film. hey I can respect this, but it would be nice if they did not set it as if it were the movie about him. then you have elected priests, cops, and types of science. so many people are introduced and then forget quickly until they need that person to save the day or to jump for a cheap scare that gets quickly boring. Basically, this is a lazy film. no real frightening, only a few predictable scarecrows. Configuration for them is so elaborate that it is hilarious. for example, a bathtub full of blood. it is so obvious that the demon will come out of the cloudy blood. and yet we have to wait too long to get into the inevitable scare. after that it kills one of the biggest and greatest medalists. we all know she will become one of those who did not. but what are the others doing? buried in a shallow tomb near the house. sigh, so you know who will jump from you when the cops will show up at home ... Oh, okay. Maybe someone will have the clue that it's impossible to make a scary vampire movie and just go for the atmosphere, and then we'll get to a whole movie that's as good as the opening scene. <br /> <br />
