This overrated, short-term (two-seasons) series is just as experimental and unique as a truck driver who goes to a strip bar. I'm not quite sure what it means "rupture" and "original" when they throw all over Lynch and her little TV opposite. What are their original criteria? Sure, compared to "Bill Cosby Show" or "Hill Street Blues" is original. Categorical. Along with "Law & Order", TP enhances originality to the left and right. TP fans often say the show was canceled because too many viewers were not smart enough, open enough for the alleged "strange" supposedly wild ingenuity or anything else. As a fan of strangeness, I have to correct this misconception. There is nothing too overturned around TP; is a fairly visible, stupid thing that goes around the circles, spinning in every corner, but (or because of it) it finally does not go anywhere. The alleged strangeness is always forced; the characters do not behave in a strange way as much as they behave in an idiotic way half the time. There is a difference ... Whenever I see the "strange dream" sequence in "Living In Oblivion," in which the dwarf criticizes the director (Buscemi) for giving the old ordinary tired-to-go cliché scene , I'm thinking about Lynch. You want a weird thing? "Eraserhead" is weird - in fact, it is beyond strange, it is basically abstract. Do you want a unique TV show? Watch the Prisoner. Do you want a strange cast? Felini's and Leone's films offer that. TP looks like a crime of television crime, in which all young people look like fashion models. The film offers a plastic look. Kens & Barbies en masse. In fact, one of the TP manufacturers said that Lynch was looking for "single faces" for the series. Unique people? Like Lara Flynn Boyle? Sheryll Fenn's? Just like those "hunks" who face effeminate directly from men's catalogs (or homosexual magazines)? Do not get me wrong; there is nothing wrong with getting an attractive distribution, especially with beauty like Fenn (how Madonna would look like 1000 times more beautiful), but then you're not going to say you're making a "strange show with people strange. "And I never understood Lynch's fascination with Kyle MacLachlan (I should get a medal because it bothers me to tell him the right name.) He is not stolid, but he does not have a charisma, seems too gentle and The ridiculous "eccentricities" of his character were not at all interesting, being just one of Lynch's many attempts to force his strangeness, trying hard to keep his reputation - he completely lost the edge, but then. made by Lynch after "Elephant Man" was much sub-par, compared to the first two films. What followed were often the mediocre efforts that were based on Lynch's relatively small but fanatical base, that to keep him in the public eye, interpreting meanings in his bad stories and together, who do not have the water on a more careful analysis. In other words, Lynch is the sake of every intellectual. <br /> <br /> So Laura Palmer was killed by her father ...? He was obsessed with the devil or such stupidity. It's the best thing that this "wonderful mind" could come up with ... You have horror movies in B that end with more originality. <br /> <br /> Lynch is neither brilliant nor hard to work to come up with a terrible story. Go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~Fedor8 and check out my "TV & Cinema: 150 Worst Cases of Nepotism" list.
