This film can be labeled as a case study. It's not just that it denotes an unhealthy and non-artistic appeal for anything that might be called caco-imaging. The author lives with the impression that his sanctifying revolt against generic and childhoods called social diseases ("Moldova is the poorest region of Europe", "I do not think it is a bird in the avian flu", "the Romanian people steal because they are poor, the Europeans are stealing because they are thieves ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but he is extremely off! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it is not enough to represent a just person - you also need a minimum of professionalism, talent and intelligence to translate this position into an artistic product . The fact that the "Foreign Legion" has so much brilliance as a family film, with Uncle Gogu humming in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, random, along with other half-subjects, in an illiterate attempt to suggest a kind of story. Direction is patetic dilettante - the so-called "director" is not able to build at least a stack on the mediocre stage, his photographs are disturbing and any sense of stories shines through total absence. (Of course, any comment is forced to stop at this level, it would be ridiculous to mention concepts as "cinematic language", "means of expression" or "style"). The actor is positive "The Song of Romania", except ... paradoxically, the football goalie Necula Raducanu, which is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a real freshness, but she is compromised by Daneliuc's amateur direction. The most serious part of this offense for decent cinema is the fact that production received serious funding from the national budget through the CNC (National Council of Cinematography). The fact that long-time dinosaurs, like Daneliuc, are still thirsty for the government's shoulders is understandable (in a market-based economy, they will be eliminated immediately by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury" that squanders the country's money on such art, non-cinematographic and ridiculously expensive non-culture belongs to the criminal field.
