Rather than move from the beginning to the end, this story line of an AIDS-affected homosexual couple "orbits" in time around the "perfect day." The film is organized as a life mentioned in asynchronous fragments, rather than in a sequential stream as one with direct experience. The narrative has its lyrical moments, especially in describing the impact of anticipated or experienced loss. Unfortunately, the dialogue does not have such grace. The script often forces actors to say surprising, silly or insensitive things, which at the moment seem to be totally devoid of character. At the second accidental encounter, clearly afraid of each other, Phillip sensitively encourages a Guy to tell him about his difficult week. But when Guy starts to open, Phillip, a major English, breaks out, "You're not a fairy-tale of a crisis, are you?" Later, staring at the naked body of his lover, behind the bedroom to him, our young Shakespeare in love began to render the beauty of the moment in words: "The way you cut through space ... I can not even describe "- but does not have the verbal skills to finish his mind. This type of disturbance continues through Hospice AIDS scenes, being bombed with lines like: "What made me think death was totally clean and tied to ribbons?" and "You make Florence Nightingale look like Ratchet nurse." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from a lack of subtlety. Characters that can not be customized are more disturbing and more full than those that must be. Phillip's deeply annoying friends - an arrogant trusting trust and a stammering, dweeb-driven - keep a caustic diatribus on their way to each of them going through their path. Such an approach could provide a screenwriter with a wealth of opportunities for intelligent social commentary, but unfortunately, their remarks are just unpleasant, unquestioning with wisdom or understanding. It's hard to know if our screenwriter intentionally created intellectually limited characters or if he only wore his perimeter. Linking can be the most addressing and resonating to those who praise this movie. She has been seriously exploring homosexual life in the United States since 1980: meetings, courtships, couples, nests, the complexity of open relationships, friction and fracture, dissolution, physical abuse, closeness, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. Phelan and Spirtas lead right to good performance that gives complex features over time. Their good look, which looks good, explains both the chemistry that has kept them together through insensitivity and selfishness, as well as the chemistry that helped some spectators to overcome these painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to cut the plot of the plot into tidbits and to present them in out-of-sequence flashbacks brought complexity without any obvious dramatic utility and in many cases left the sequence and implications of an unclear event. /> Can I recommend the movie? For coaches for literary and technical quality, absolutely no! For spectators to have a serious need for catharsis of AIDS survivors or in mood for a guilty pleasure, with a small dropped eye candy, maybe. But better written alternatives exploring the impact of AIDS on the relationships of that era include: Philadelphia, and the band played on, Companion Longtime, Angels in America, An Early Freeze, Valor! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
