Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, various years being awarded for this title) is a Hong Kong veteran Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer's Omen, Payment in Blood, etc.). Yes, even they have taken their hands in poorly exploited patients like this, and Bamboo is certainly among the worst attempts of the whole genre, even in comparison to the Western attempts that are usually pale compared to the East movies ! /> The story is about a Japanese war camp where Chinese women are brutalized, abused and raped by evil Japanese (what else?) During the Second World War. The girls also know a secret place hiding a box full of gold and also teaches that a Chinese military officer in Japan (veteran Shaw Lo Lieh) is actually an undercover agent among the Japanese and helps, of course , girls get rid of hell. What follows is the free nudity sequence, female kung fu, ugly torture, gore, laziness and extremely offensive attitude against the Japanese who make this film a pure and honest garbage that does not even try to be more than it is. > In the Bamboo House of Dolls there is almost no interesting element. Occasional photographs, especially at the end of the year, look beautiful with the sun's rays and beautiful nature, but that's the merit department. Battle scenes are a lot and always include semi-naked women hitting and hitting each other. General violence is quite ugly sometimes with a few bullet wounds, misogynistic scenes of torture (for example, a poor girl is brutalized on broken glass floor, etc.) and extremely repulsive and moral behind her. Of course, it is bad to talk about "moral" when writing about this type of film, but there are elements that I will not accept to find them in any movie. The film also has turkey elements for sure! For example, the gold box, full of heavy gold, seems suspicious of light, while the weak and sufferer girls do not seem to have problems lifting and moving, not talking about throwing them away! Also, the many "skin fight scenes" make this fan of cinema smile. I saw the same chief Killer Snakes (1973), which is ten times more noteworthy than the play, and even if it has many live snakes actually killed, it is visible and more interesting and shows us some ugly parts of the other side of the big city and the society. It is also a necessity for those who fear snakes. The bamboo house of the dolls suffered a censorship, which is not a surprise considered the subject. The smooth version (translated in a non-English language) launched in Europe at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, runs 104 minutes of PAL, while cutting, printed in English, printed in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece, is only 84 minutes in PAL. From what I have heard, cut scenes are not just violence or other graphic stuff, but also dialogue and "parcel development" and the like. Bamboo House of Dolls is a garbage cinema in its most formidable form and certainly something I would not have liked to see from Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploitation films of the same subject are more interesting and noteworthy than the rather ridiculous, calculated and worthless piece of cinematic exploitation. 2/10
