I've seen this movie some time ago on a video CD. I will mention the first good points. At first the film tries at least to appear that it is not biased, that it does not look black and the other is white. Both main characters are friends and coexist very well in a country and economy that is not booming and at the same time does not fail. Their families meet and have parties and practice their favorite sport, the Sport Rifle, as comrades not as competitors. But after the first 15 minutes, the plot goes into a fork on the road. The public must believe that, for unknown reasons, these friends must hate each other. For an unknown reason, Bosnia is now on a path to conflict. Of course, the script adds in TV that the characters seem to see news programs live in English, but the clips are from 1993 and not from 1992 when the war began. History, the 1990 elections, the people who provoked the war are not mentioned. The film tries to blame Karadzic, who has been a candidate for president and leader of the second largest party of the Bosnian Parliament (SDP). In accordance with the Constitution of Bosnia, the PSD was supposed to have the Presidency in 1992, but a January Decline took place. The Islamic Party of Bosnia's Democratic Party has taken full control and organized a separate referendum in March, which declared the law in Bosnia and announced the Secession. IDAP history begins with Bosnian Muslim Alija Izetbegovic, a suspiciously absent man from STtH. He was a student of Nazism in the Second World War. He even wrote his own "Mein Kampf," in which he said: "In fact, there is no possibility of peace or coexistence between Islamic religion and non-Islamic social and political institutions." <br /> In 1990 he lost the IDAP elections to the "pro-Yugoslav moderator" Fikret Abdic, a Bosnian Muslim who worked with Christian Serbs during the civil war and treated his supporters as brothers. Abdic was prevented from assuming power by Izetbegovic, who lost the election, but seized the seat of power. The above events are missing from the film, but they are the factual events leading to the war. <br /> <br /> There were also problems with the props. Serbian soldiers in the film wore Soviet WW2 helmets, which they did not use. Also, a soldier owned a M-1944 WW2 rifle used only by the USSR, not by Yugoslavia. Scripture directors and writers had a chance, but chose to re-write history.
