I strongly believe that the best Oscar ceremony in recent years was in 2003 for two reasons: 1) Host Steve Martin was at the fullest: "I saw the teams helping Michael Moore in his limo trunk "and" I'm not going to refer to the gay mafia if I wake up with a poodle's head "<br /> <br /> 2) Surprise winners: No one had Adrien Brody for the best actor applause) or Roman Polanski for the best director (Autentic jeers and boos) but won the last year's award ceremony was not too bad, but there were not many surprises and I was glad to see RETURN OF THE KING , even if it was not the best of the trilogy (FELLOWSHIP was much better), but what allowed the BBC's cover to get Jonathan Ross to get some of his foolish colleagues and pretend to be hilarious when there was something else. So when I heard Sky was covering for British television, I was expecting Barry Norman and Mark Kermode to make the connections, but instead we came with Jamie Theakston and Sharon Osbourne! Oh, if British television is desperate for film critics (obviously I am) I'm sure both Bob The Moo and Theo Robertson will fly happily in Los Angeles to give their honest opinions about winners and losers <br /> < Chris Rock was not too bad, but he is not Steve Martin while the location seemed to resemble a sports hall with seats set! Not too much of a glitzy arena in my opinion. The main problem I had with this ceremony was the "Minor" Oscars with the winners who lived on their seats! There is no "minor" Oscar, and precisely because the prize is for the best short short animation or the best designer costume, they are just as good as the best picture or the best director. All winners should be allowed to go to the podium. What a bunch of arrogant snobs of the Academy are becoming and totally agreeing with the comments that this format is shameful and if not for surprises could have been the worst ceremony in history. In terms of prizes itself <br /> <br /> Best Supporting Actress - Cate Blanchett. No surprise for a competitive category <br /> <br /> Best supporting actor - Morgan Freeman. There are no real complaints because Freeman is one of the greatest American actors of living characters Actor Jamie Foxx. The most anticipated night award. Yawn Best Actress - Hilary Swank. Major surprise, because everyone believed that Annette Benning would simply win academic policy, but Swank deserved it and gave the best speech of the night. Best Director - Clint Eastwood. Major surprise, because everyone thought Scorsese was going to get the prize just because he never won one. In fact, I'm happy about it because, if it's not worth it, TAXI DRIVER, RAGING BULL or GOODFELLAS do not deserve this for the AVIATOR. Best movie - MILION DOLLAR BABY. Again, another major surprise, as everyone thought the academy would share the best director and best picture prize, while I thought the Hollywood friendly AVIATOR's plot would have made a fortune for the Best film, while the controversial subject of MDB has turned a lot that could illustrate these awards is that this year voters decided to ignore Oscar politics and really give prizes to people who deserve something they did not do in the past , I WANT to say WELL FOLLOWING, RINGING THE RING FELLOWSHIP for Gawd's sake! And maybe the academy can vote with their heads instead of their hearts
