Seriously, the only good thing about this year's ceremony was the winners. Although the ceremony itself was quite short, it was still somewhat dull. I think it's time to look for a new director and producer for the show to come up with something really new. It is quite obvious that they tried to make the hip show and appeal to a younger audience this year, allowing Beyonce to do it and letting P. Diddy and Prince present a category. Also, letting Chris Rock be the presenter was an attempt to renew the ceremony and make it more appealing. None of them really worked. Sure, Chris Rock is a funny guy, but he was not really a good presenter. I just saw him as a guy who just spoke from time to time between the different categories. His presence was not as big as, for example, Billy Crystal. Also, the prize distribution was pretty bad at times. Not letting everyone come to the stage, but the distribution of prizes in the middle of the theater was just strange. However, I do not remember to thank the winners for the prize. None of the movies really trusted the awards, as they have always been in recent years. So that means it was a good year for films with many competing competitors? I do not think. I think most movies will be forgotten in the past 20 years, except for the "Million Dollar Baby" and "The Passion of Christ" maybe. Of course I do not agree with every award this year, for example Caleb Deschanel should have won for the best cinema, not that I do not like Robert Richardson's work, he did a great job for most of Oliver's films Stone but I think Deschanel deserves much more. I would also like to see Jim Miller and Paul Rubell winning for the best editing, and John Debney for the best music. But, well, there is no way the Academy Awards can thank everyone, of course, I understand that. There will always be people who complain about the winners. It was also funny to note that most prize-winners were much more nervous than the nominees and winners. Did Prince say any of the nominated names immediately? And was Sean Penn's sense of humor? Al Pacino and Jeremy "I hope he missed" The Irons were the best presenters of the night. Overall, a very forgotten show, but with nice winners. <br /> <br /> 4/10
