Usually, I'm not subject to hyperbole, but after seeing Academy Awards over two decades, I can honestly say that this year's prize was the most embarrassing example of a bad direction, total cruelty and pure stupidity that we had to be a witness. I'm not talking about the prizes themselves - as usual there are many things to discuss when you squeeze out who has won, who has lost and who has never been nominated, but the process is as it has always been and is equally rightly susceptible to be. What is terribly unfair is the treatment of both the "stars" and the "non-stars" received by Cates and Horvitz in the name of "reducing boredom." It is bad enough that for the past few years, anyone who is not Al Pacino was "played" at 45 seconds without considering what he was saying, as he was saying and what excitement he was behind the statement. It demonstrates nothing but a total lack of respect for nomads on the stage, such as cattle, without paying the honor of showing their faces while their names are read, to make them sink quietly then when they lose, to deny them the thrill of a walk on the podium and to force them to read their statements with the public. All these things were done in the mind of "non-stars" that the movies would not exist without these artists and that most of them have only one chance to face their colleagues and their audience. <br /> <br /> The stars were not much better. It's all the more sad than funny when the winners of the Callable Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to beg for a few seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as a host, was not as inflammatory and controversial as the Academy hoped, nor as fun as it could be. His opening comments were almost (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn did, and his comments during the show were more harmless than interesting. Of course, he could not be blamed when it was clear that he was kept as a short lye as any other host. Eventually, Chris Rock was something that was almost never: a non-entity. Even musical numbers have been badly treated. Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason why she should have appeared in three of the five songs. Another example of a lack of respect for an artist was the giving of the song nominated by Jorge Drexler to Antonio Banderas - even if Drexler was present and clearly should not have played his own song based on his winning speech. <br /> <br /> Cates and Horvitz's efforts to make the show shorter and faster could have done it to a certain extent, but what resulted was a lifeless show. We all cried out about long-term speeches by people we do not know about over-production, about self-congratulations. But this is his night - not ours. What is meant to be a celebration has become an insult to the famous. Cates and Horvitz should, frankly, be ashamed.
