John Hughes wrote a lot of great comedies in the 1980s. "European Holiday" is not one of them. Hughes's first great success, Vacancy (1983), is as predictable, unpleasant and annoying as it happens - no matter how much you love Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo). I am very happy with "Holiday" as well as with the third film, "Christmas Vacation" in 1989, but Griswold's journey to Europe is mild and forced. Maybe because it was Hughes's first attempt at a sequel that he did not succeed in, but it's really amazing how unspoken and unpopular the "European Holiday" is. There is no story: Griswolds wins a game show to be "greedy little pigs" and goes on a tour of Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the physical humor of the stream, which is the trademark of the first, loses its effect because you see it coming, which is the fault of director Amy Heckerling. The "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" Director puts everything predictable. Perhaps Hughes made a cheap shot because it was put in handy. "European Holiday" boasts a lot of American insults (I remember a bit greedy pig game), especially tourists, represented by the Griswold cornball family. It also breaks down by default by saying, "Oh, we, Griswolds, we always get into something because our father is an idiot." Then, almost comically, ends with tribute to America and how grateful the Griswolds are to return to a better country. If Hughes went to satire and should have done it in the form of a bad movie, maybe I should give it this 8/10 star. It's not just despair, but "European Vacation" boasts the two worst actors to play the children Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and unpleasant, and Audrey, blindly and loudly, blubberes about the boyfriend he left almost the whole movie. Hughes goes so far as to comment on his disappearance as a giant bratwurst observes. Pretty tasty. Talking about, breasts are broadcast in two different scenes without good reason (unless it was about commenting on the love of Americans for free nipples in their comedies). I will give the movie one of two stars thanks to Eric Idle of the crew Monty Python, whose cameo at several different points in the movie recited lines straight from the "Holy Grail" is about the funniest part. If Hughes wanted to find one of the only non-American film actors as the only funny part, then another peak of his hat to break the opening of the underbelly of Hollywood comedy in the 1980s. Still, would it hurt for him to do this while doing fun?
