I'm a big fan of Pacino movies. He is one of, if not the best, actors of this kind. However, this movie could have been much better, even if it had a poor cast. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he went to jail. Instead, it seemed that it was just one of the many stories about Carlito. All or even some of the questions about his past that we were asked about in the original could have been answered. As far as I'm concerned, that's the only way you can make this movie. Instead, we get this prequel that has almost nothing of the original characters in it, a character playing a role different from the original one (horrible movement) and a particularly interesting interest for Carlito. Do not even start with Puffy. I can not take the cat seriously as a gangsta after seeing her dancing in all the artist's videos. All the time when this guy opened his mouth, I was waiting for him to start dancing. It made me laugh if there was anything. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he would perform poorly because of his recent history. He did quite well. It was probably the most "credible" of all distribution in my opinion. Jay Hernandez has done everything he can but he has no career skills to assume his role. I still appreciate his energy and efforts. It's hard to follow Pacino. The only way you could have an idea of ​​what kind of person Carlito was is to look at the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded murderer, in one scene, then in another in the back. He was one of the best gangsters of his time, but you only see a blink in this movie. Perhaps this is a strange way for Hollywood to try to make a second prequel to make money in this failure. I would not be surprised. Overall, in my opinion, this movie has fallen short or what it could have been. The only reason I gave her a 3 was that I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples won some respect with me. A serious director should have taken this film and actually put the story in time and transform it into a real prequel. I am extremely disappointed that this film has not been taken seriously. They would have been better off doing this in a mini-series on HBO and actually telling the story as the original suggests. At the end of the movie, they were going to suggest that Carlito should have returned to the city. HEEELLLLO .... this is the part everyone wants to see !!! Then again, that's just my opinion. I can not tell you how to scatter your money.
