His first statement, that desires are always artificial, is totally erroneous. When a Jehovah's Witness's refusal receives his own documentary about movies? or whatever - because it is time for someone to get their own. Though far, far smarter than, let's say, Paris Hilton (I know, not too hard), Zizek's mouth is as much a chick as hers, otherwise. It combines the worst of the two professional worlds: psychoanalysis and philosophy. Both fields are notorious for conveniently providing free space to create unexpected theories, not to be at the beginning or the end, and to connect concepts almost randomly in the process of English language abuse by creating a semantic only mother can love. Example: there are three great Marx brothers, therefore a "great" idea to connect them with three levels of human consciousness, id, ego and super-ego. I'm rather surprised that she did not play a clip from Snowhite and makes an analogy between the seven dwarves and the seven levels of Gahannah (Muslim hell). It's like the premise of Schumacher's "The Number 23": Play with numbers long enough and you can come up with any kind of cocammy theory you want to tie even the ancient Greeks to the death of Princess Di. , there is an entertainment element in the TPGTC: watching a crazy sweat like a pig, while saying sloppy delusional singing, because intellectual analysis can be quite fun. Why to watch "Cuticle Nest" or any other crazy drama when you can have Zizek for more than 2 hours? It's like seeing a funny train wagon. Of course, he is almost funny, on one occasion or on two occasions. We have always been amazed by people who desperately try to bring the film into an exalted intellectual social science. Giving idiotic movies, such as "Birds," this thought much, hence this great credit, probably has its creator fat laughing in the grave. The raw truth is that the vast majority of films have zero intellectual value, and the few who have a certain intelligence do not need a psychiatrist philosopher to draw a map to understand them? unless one is a complete idiot. Zizek sees layers and layers of significance in the most banal films. Hallucinogenic drugs must be quite popular and cheap in Slovenia nowadays ... When Zizek showed the tubhole in the psycho shower, I thought he would say something about the galactic black holes; the way they blew out of the stars' lives, just like the blood hole of Janet Leigh's tub. Or maybe he could have said how the hole is Leigh's vagina, with the blood flowing in it instead of coming out (as in menstruation), which is a kind of "zirica irony." Speaking about this, the real irony is that if Hitchcock really had so much thought in every scene (and the script), his movies would not have been illogical stupid, totally wrong. The point of these bathtub holes analogies was to show how easy it is to improvise on "hidden and profound meanings." And when you add Zizek's fanciful terminology of philosophy and psychology, strapping these terms in addition to these analogies, such as decorating wedding cakes, you will get a mess that can undoubtedly impress the uninitiated - that is, those who are impressed and of credible. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> Zizek spoke here a series of funny things (one unintentional), one of the most absurd ideas being when he associates Anthony Perkins with the bloody boy cleaning up with "job satisfaction, a well-done job ". He does not laugh ... Not even Hitchcock, nor the psycho writer, could ever have vaguely interpreted this notion that Perkins might enjoy a well-done job - cleaning a satinated toilet in the blood - while conceive / scene. He talks about putting the words in the mouth (dead), but in the context of the misinterpretation of what the director had to say. I like Zizek's initial thoughts on Tarkovsky's terrible "Solaris," but then to destroy a rare good impression by dragging on "anti-feminism" and other nonsense in his theory. Zizek's attitude to logic is that of a dog to his plastic bone. "I just want to play with her all day!" Logic has its rules and should not be raped - at least not publicly - by those who like it. He seems to regard logic, proof, common sense and reason as enemies or mere toys to throw; concepts that need to be avoided, twisted to fit the ultimate goal, or simply annihilated. Zizek is the LSD hip-hop and all his favorite films are his "2001". The fact that Zizek is focusing on two of the most senior directors - and those whose films are often LACK Intelligence, if something - such as Hitchcock and Lynch - still diminishes only his low credibility. I was surprised that De Palma was no more prominent; this is another slammed director who writes scripted scriptures. Zizek has a field day with Lynch's incomprehensible "Lost Highway". There are as many interpretations of the movie as other people who have watched it. Zizek's comment that the viewer readily accepts the physical organization of von Trier, physically "scary" in "Dogville". <br /> <br /> However, Zizek does not just do things as he goes, he also feeds a lot in "obvious" bleeding. "Like all" social scientists "(an oxymoron ), he packs his "sad" "comments" into the joints (if they are full of spit) and sometimes in complex language tongues. After all, sociology works exactly the same way: it makes us think we hear something new when is what we all already know, but he has told us in an eloquent way - that fools the more tireless listener. /> I was half expecting the men in white suits to suddenly come out of nowhere and catch him in a half- a kitchen costume ... Slavoj Zizek: soon as a stalker in a child's park near you. <br /> <br /> http://rateyourmusic.com/list/Fedor8/150_worst_cases_of_nepotism/
