Where can I start? I heard the movie went out and I was very upset. I'm a great fan of Carlito's original path, and when I hear about it, I thought it would be like most of the other sequel to Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. The boy was wrong, this movie was much worse than I expected. I'm not saying all the sequels are bad, but that's the problem with Hollywood these days, doing too many sequels and remakes and hurrying them. It was not a theater version, it's a DVD version. However, in my opinion, there was no reason to do so. After I heard about this movie was in progress, I heard later Pacino was not in it. That killed any chance this movie was to be good. Why did I check this movie, then some of you may ask? Well I had the opportunity to see so I did. I'm not just looking at movies that I have great expectations for, but I have had poor expectations. I just wanted to see if there was something relevant about it. Now if any of you who are reading this is a fan of Carlito's Way, you know that a lot of story from the first has to do with him going to jail. * VERY SMALL SPOILER * nothing, because that could make you want to lose 2 hours looking at this garbage. All I'm saying is that at the end of Carlito 2's road we do not see Carlito going to jail. Now, I do not know about any of you, but I would have thought a prequel at Carlitos Way would show how she got into prison. I even had an interest in seeing what actually happened. Now, that's not my only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito did not do a lot of work, but could not save the movie if he tried. There are not even all those little things that should be thrown where Carlito Way fans would like. You do not see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other key characters in the first, I would have liked to see something like that. What's worse is Luis Guzman in this movie, but he does not play the same character he plays in the first film. A big mistake on their part, why he played the same actor for a different character, made the film worse than it was already. Bottom line, I'm a fan of Carlito's Way, this new direct DVD version is a shame. If you are a fan, do not watch this movie coming with great expectations. This movie did nothing for me, and it's definitely a movie that I will not take on the DVD or I will never see again.
