Well, I just gave 95 minutes and 47 seconds to go back to this piece of garbage. I've heard someone online that describes the villains of this movie as "submarine cannibals" and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like a descent. WRONG! The descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and storyline. These criminals are totally unrealistic and no part of their performance is pleasant to look at. This movie is not so controversial, I have seen this level of gore in many movies. This movie is terrible. SINOPIS: A blonde who thinks she is very warm (but she is not), her admirer and friend of her admirer (no, I do not remember their names) enter the forest. Their car breaks down. They are warned to leave a man named Mark. Blonde becomes unreasonably hysterical and the next morning I can not find the admirer's girlfriend. The admirer hits his leg (he shouts!). Do not worry, he's more upset when his car will not start until he's gotten off his nails. After a nanosecond of coaxing, the blond goes to find help. There are events that I do not remember. During this film and throughout the movie, we were shown grotesque torture scenes without any substance, including one that made me swallow. The blonde goes to save the admirer from the cannibal house (even if everything that is seen is eating the intestines, which would logically be the last choice for real cannibals to eat because they contain real foods). Blonde finds the hurt admirer and works very hard (without success) to work tears. Then you laugh good when the blonde is in the house and announces that he can "think". Mark (the man who warned him to leave) has a remarkable change of character when he reveals that his family is a cannibal. Then there are some shooting, leaving the house, shooting continues, then a random guy appears and says he's following them. Before being shot, we are shown a scene inspired by acidity, more killing. Her blonde or admirer shoots him for not helping them. More murder, the admirer confesses his love for the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the room. What this means? I do not know, we hope it's not a sequel.
