Wow, after pulling Timo Roses's "Rout City" after about 15 minutes (South Park is more than a meaningless curse ... I think some people do not understand it) I was interested in this movie. I read quite a lot of positive things, and the packaging and appearance of the film seemed far from the total garbage we had expected after the "Rout city." Surprise: The film is not total garbage, but the problem seems to be just that. Timo Rose tries to follow the footsteps of the German Horror / Splatter cinema, such as Olaf Ittenbach and others. That means "Barricade" is in part extremely heavy and detailed. Gore FX are not really credible, but OK, the drive is fine, but in some cases it's simple. The hillbilly chick from the opening sequence is ridiculous and does not get sick until it's shot. So what's the problem ... the film is red, it has a typical German underground atmosphere (including the classic boobs in the blood), OK FX and a modern feel to it, such as the already promised package! <br /> <br /> 1. The scenario is BS total. You will get a typical story about hillbilly / lost in the woods, with a few boys and camping field outside and encounter a hillbilly family degenerated. Everything only leads to torture / mutilation scenes and it seems incredibly random and useless. This is the first thing that makes the "barricade" half-hearted. <br /> <br /> 2. Random is also the perfect description for a lot of roomwork (I liked the repetitive cutting of punch in the extended torture scene ... whether they did not have the material or the editor works in a hardware store). Even worse editing ... sure, modern and much better than a lot of other genre movies, but its RANDOM. You have an excessive use of that typical exposure effect everywhere and without any meaning ... just there ... all the time. Then there is a granular / noise film look that is also just thrown here and there for his sake, I do not understand the meaning. 3. Like the effects mentioned above, there are many repetitive things here. For example, most killings are edited with multiple stabbing and punching repetitions. It's okay once, but here it is annoying and fake, especially to the end. Annoying also attribute "music", which is used permanently without any change in the background. It does not take long until the movie can be borne. <br /> <br /> 4. Of all this comes the biggest problem of this movie (and many more in my opinion). If you make a sprinkling film with trashy they feel pretty idiot to polish up with special FX and editing new school. Looks like he thinks it too serious. It's not fun, because decent FX is simply scattered in this context. And where the classic Gore FX is OK, the FX computer in scenes such as stabbing in the mouth or gunfire in the end looks rather stupid (and 3D sprays are the most popping up even in budget movies and decent 3D artists). /> <br /> I often wondered if the time of serious movies was broken and "Barricade" is just another example that might be the time to put it in the grave. It is not fun, it has no character and is too loud for its appearance. The scenario is a cheap try on "Wrong Turn" and "TCM", which leads absolutely nowhere. You can take this literally ... the end is just there and as casually as many other things here ("I love you" in a sprinkling blow ... come on!). "Barricade" is trying to incorporate a lot and it fails ... you can quickly get through this movie for some extended disembowelment, acidic acid melting, nipping and classic, in 13th style, stabbing a couple in time what the fingers in a tent boobies hooray!). But it's very hard to get through this. Total error especially because you can see that there could be something.
