Back when, the X files were a smart, challenging show. Much of his appeal was that writers looked at folklore and science for their ideas, linking the plot to the scary aspect of real life. I was incredibly cautious about Season 8 when it was broadcast. The show has already offered two perfect episodes ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and the seventh season has had a steep rise in episodes that have overturned the cylinder for ideas that have been brought in handy, even silly. But I thought, hey, to give him the benefit of a doubt, maybe I'm bringing it back because they have some big ideas in line. "Roadrunners" was really upsetting. After "Patience", which offered at least an interesting angle to the vampire folklore that the show did well to avoid, the episode sees a weird parasitic strange (alien?) With the power of mind control worshiped by a cult of Christians. Oh, and they think it's the second coming of Christ, but you'll only find out in the last few minutes. Seriously. There is never any attempt to understand this, to explain what the slug is, why something happens or anything else. Even in the early years of the show - in fact, especially when you could expect a little more depth, a little background or, if not the opposite, a bit of mystery, a certain uncertainty about what it was all about. <br /> <br /> It's Scully who really kills him. You can reconcile your claim, but have a character that has been developed over a good 7-year period as a rational skeptic turned into a wandering maverick, simply for the sake of advancing the plot, it's bizarre to look. You feel that you look at a teenage horror except that she is a thirty-year-old woman who plunged into the cowardly isolated community that she spent the best part of a decade discovering the sinister, stereotypical, or absolutely indifferent hicks of their own safety. And by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, is not around. Scully has just strayed in the desert to look at a brutal crime on his own without him. He looks all the way to save the day - I do not even remember why - but, besides, he's not even in it. Again, seriously. In short, it feels either a generic script written for another show or a movie project for someone who has been allowed to push it like a mutant leech in the backbone of an existing, long-lasting show at a time in which was the most vulnerable. You may have worked on a smaller show, where the characters are more archetypal, and the audience waits less. But the X files had a good thing, and Scully was one of the most powerful and idiosyncratic TV characters in the 1990s. Deciding to change your personality for the sake of a story he must have done on Star Trek, a good fifty times is useless.
