If you have ever been harassed underground by a Christian who says, "Jesus is the answer, what is the question?" Then perhaps you should thank God if you never met a Lakanian. Slavoj Zizek, the most evangelical of the Lacanians, would definitely change the word "Jesus" in this statement for "Lacan / Hegel." Zizek's star burns strongly at this moment, no doubt because we're watching movies and pop culture just as entertainment for our consumption. So it looks impressive when someone comes - someone - and says, "Wait, the movies can say something about ourselves." Zizek's ideas explain in this film are "true" just because he says so. For example, Zizek explains that three Marx Bros are the ego, the superhero and the id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gummo, maybe they are the sync ... or are the movies?). This is simply what they are. In the exit of Zizek, culture is not there to be investigated, but only to be considered an example of its ideology. People can oppose something to say - but how different is what he says from the Christian attributing everything to God's will? What's wrong with taking examples from movies or anywhere to illustrate the theory? Well, nothing, not at all. As Zizek seems to believe, I can also serve as evidence. However, it is only cant and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can tell and demonstrate whatever you want. For Zizek, is Lacan the answer? so he goes and makes an example of it. Everything, but it all resembles the teachings of Master and culture, is there to support it, to serve this ideology. For example, Zizek's copy of the voyeur fantasy position is taken from a Vertigo scene when Jimmy Stewart spies Kim Novak in a flower shop. But in the context of the film, it is not at all a fancy position of the voyeur. Stewart was deliberately headed there by Novak. This presentation of the isolated examples from their context continues throughout the two-and-a-half-hour sermon of Zizek's cinema. His analysis of the "baby wants to f ---" scene in Blue Velvet is ridiculous. Gently touching what seems to be the "feminine jouissance" horrible (male), Zizek says that Isabella Rossilini's character not only wants her degradation, but she is unconsciously responsible for the situation. This is an example of her "jouissance". Well ... possible. But - I'm sorry I'm prosaic - where are the evidence for that? In the film, she partially suffers her humiliation because Hopper kidnapped her son. Zizek might oppose obviously enjoying a rough sex with Kyle MacLachalan. But this may be due to anything. Is not this the so-called feminine "jouissance"? According to Lacan, feminine jouissance, unlike phallic jouissance, can not be articulated, is beyond capture and castration of false language. If this is correct, then no example can be made. It also means that the whole concept is non-sensitive and entirely mystical. It can only be designated by dogmatics like Zizek: "There is a female jouissance for you! Why is this feminine jouissance? Because I say so." <br /> <br /> What example can really be obtained from these movies? Only the psychology of Zizek. Why is he still joining his favorite movies to the point where, in a Botega Bay, he says Rod Steiger wants to be? Is not this fulfilling the wish of someone who spends his life criticizing films? As they say, Freud would have a field day with the Pervert Guide to Cinema - but with Zizek himself, no one else. Zizek's theory that films show us how we want it to be on the face, but these films can not be universal universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film illustrates how Zizek wants and only vaguely - to be almost useless - as we all want. For, as any psychoanalyst knows, how we want and what we want can not be completely separate - and can not be easily universalized if it is not at all. Zizek's love of doing everything an example of Lacan's response affects this: how do we want it? so, that's what I do. The problem is that, in Zizek's wish, everything and everyone else is rationalized in his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist and certainly does not like to let the "subject" speak for himself. The Guide to Pervert at Cinema is a summary of Zizek's love of dogma and is entirely unphilosophical, even if it remains very political (what dogma is not?). Zizek did not ask exactly what reasons he might be when he engages in an analysis, which he is trying to discover, because the terms of his exploration and hence his ethics in this sense are never questioned. /> Zizek is extremely prolific, but all his books and this film say the same thing. It's kind of Henry Ford of cultural theory: mass production and any color as long as it's black. It is perfect for today's highly consuming society: it is supposed to be critical while giving people the same thing again and claiming to be something different. This is popular because people mostly prefer answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to offer - instead of investigating things with any serious consideration. Which is like being the dead brain. For me, Zizek's third Matrix pill is a suicide capsule. PS: I liked Zizek's solemn remark - presented as a revelation about cinema and humanity - that movie music can greatly affect people's sympathy. Has this only occurred to Zizek after watching the Jaws?
