This film is an ultra-light, predictable from start to finish. As a Don Knotts vehicle, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, with Knott's character there not as incompetent or ignorant. His performance was clipped, without being seen with the eye of the trademark, though this may be related to it being replaced for most of the movie by a cartoon fish. Knotts lived to play the nice dick, as Bob Denver did. It did not even seem to be able to handle other types of roles, assuming they were simply broadcast. Probably because of the noise, the wild voice and the high voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts has worked in "The Three's Company," has managed to overcome his genre successfully in dramatic roles such as "The Dreamer of Oz," but the closest Knotts has ever played a small role in "Pleasantville ". Even Leslie Nielsen was a bad match here, an inconvenient actor, no right drama, as it was at the time, and no comedian actor, as it later became in "Airplane!" and "Squad Police". There is also no Knotts of 43 years that could pass for 35 years, as his character insisted he was. He was as ridiculously incredible as Tom Hanks at the age of 38, who played in Forrest Gump. The film was clearly made in a very pleasant budget, very similar to a hurried TV episode. It is especially evident in the "outer" scenes of the "city" where Roy goes after being fired. It is unlikely that a pre-schooler will be fooled by the Mayberry sound-stop artist. Even in this film strictly for children, it is very disappointing. It's not because it has no action or special effects, though it happens. Rhythm is too slow, situations are repeated. How many times can you watch Roy enter a bus? A comedy for children should at least sometimes be crazy, with scared gangs, otherwise risk bothering them (and any adults in the theater). Films, even children's films, have improved a lot in the decades that have intervened. Even many contemporary comedies were better filmed and written. Disney "The Love Bug", for example, had at least one interesting race action.
