I think only I am the blame for the gigantic disillusionment that is "Intrails of a Virgin". You already know that you do not expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a so-called and proudly promoted title and this first impression is further confirmed when it is noticed that the film is a production from the mid-1980s in Japan. Now, there are quite a few producers of demigods and sick who work in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu surpasses everyone with his depraved and mischievous trilogy, which turns only on aggressive sex and the sadistic abuse of young girls. He does not even try to tell a story, "Entrails of a Virgin" is simply a mixture of semi-pornographic sexual sex and really poor effects that would not even like the most unfortunate fan of the brunette horror. The images of a group of photographers and their fashion models inexplicably intersect with the scenes of a filthy perversion who has a gross sex with a partially-aged girl. It does not escape even a minute after it culminates (typically) and asks her to stay, even if she has to share it with other women. I do not understand. Should it represent a general male fantasy? Because it's really clichy and wrong. Anyway, back to the pile of horny photographers and docile models. Surprised by the future fog on the way home, the group is rooted in an abandoned terrestrial house, where they have a more terrible sex, and eventually falls victim to a ridiculous demon-sex that kills them all. The acting performances are amateur, the humorous and primitive dialogues, and Komizu's direction is weak and uninspired. I can tolerate all this, including the sexual portrayal of women, but I've come too close to disabling the movie during the indelible battle of spirituality. One of the men brutally hits, hits and throws around one of the girls and tells him a dirty slut until she literally walks her panties and laments with agony. This sequence is, in my humble opinion, the absolute low point of Asian exploitation cinema. One should be avoided and perhaps even boycotted.
