Perhaps it was the title or trailer (certainly not the DVD interview, which is with the director while he continues to say "hi, kids" in the camera as a buffoon) but I had expectations for Entrails by a Virgo be at least a little fun with some good sex scenes and killer and bloody murders by a strange Japanese penetrator. It seems to be too careless for good or evil or something else. There is a problem - and this can also be seen in the Italian film Sexploitation Sex Porn Holocaust, similar to it in many ways - in the absence of gender balance and violence. Too much sex and it will turn into a prototype porn, and not even with a lot of production quality compared to most professional porn movies! And with killing scenes, there must be at least a bit, and maybe just a smidgen of ingenuity, creating creature / killer / anything. A virgin's entry has none. It's safe to say that it's a pretty soulless film, even if it's not one of the worst things ever done - is there just to get the Japanese fetishists down the girls in trouble and the men who have all the brains in "others" "In this case, we are given a team of photographs in which the boys take some tricks of girls, not too glorious, and then, through a dense fog, they sit by some one night and are taken one by one by" A killer, "as it is credited. First, Kazuo director" Gaira "Komizu decides that he has to put in a scene of early sexual encounters that we receive in a moment (or called, we take the choice) clips of one of the photos that have sex with one or more of the girls elsewhere, it seems to be from another movie, then once set in the house there is a "fight" scene that is poorly choreographed and shot yes, we have to see it "there "and then to rape and killing. First of all rape by photographers, promising girls some jobs for their time. Then the killer, who likes D'Amato's creature, is simply muddy and has a faint face and, for an unknown reason, kills men and / or violates women one by one. Now, the latter, taken by themselves, should be considered underlining the film. It is to say, however, that crocodiles are the best part of a tasty salad. A scene with eyes, a tip thrown as an Olympic event (that scene is, in fact, a kind of cool), and finally, the squeal of the exaggerated sex girl, whose inconsistent name I do not remember. Even * this * becomes disappointing just because it is not right with the title! Above all, sexual scenes that become boring through "Gaira" and indulgence in long-no-cutaways where everything by Japanese censors is in any case blurred by actors (you think they seem to be enjoy enough, hence the need to allow them to "speak" for themselves). But the general feeling of a Virgo's Entrails is to be a rough guy, where she is just there to be gawked to and without a piece of suspense or real horror (watch as the last girl left alive, the virgin of the image, trying to stop the killer from reaching her, which lasts for five minutes when he continues to throw his sticks!) You just want to do it because "I hate the mantra of women being relieved or totally discarded.
