Satan's little help is one of the best horror movies I've ever seen. When I say better I want to tell the story. The film draws a new plot, something that is not so cliché in the Horror genre - something fresh. But there are some ridiculous questions that come with her. Questions you will ask throughout the movie. The film caught my attention as I traveled to HMV in the Horror section. I was tired of all the so-called "terrifying" blockbusters at Hollywood and I wanted something different. The art of covering for Little Help of Satan immediately drew my attention. As you can see, the picture draws you - it's cold! I knew it was a direct DVD version - but I had a chance. I mean, I just saw Boogey Man the night before - so you could not get worse! After watching the movie, I was half-satisfied. I liked the plot of the film. It was really creepy how the killer pretended to be the boy's little boyfriend to kill him. In a frightened way, he believed he and the boy would become partners - a duo of terror. It was a great idea to set the movie on Halloween night. In this way, no one would think of anything about a masked man beside a kid. They would simply believe he is his guardian. But, it is also where the "plot holes" begin to survive. If your son came home with a "friend" he met a trick or treat - it's okay. You would not think of anything - if he was nine years old, or about the same age as he was. If, however, he appeared with a weird man in a mask, you would be scared and protected by your child. You ask man to take his mask and identify himself. You're wondering why he's with your son. He does not know him. You would tell him to leave. He is not a family friend. He's a stranger. Now, we should teach our child not to talk to strangers. In this case, the mother is perfect with her. It is not like that? They do not seem to think it's a little odd that the "man" does not speak at all. Grutati think she is the daughter's boyfriend, but after 10 minutes of not talking, you remove the mask and ask him why he does not say a word. The film goes down the hill. What made me the most was, all my mother said, "Do you want some cider?" I can not count on how many times she says in the movie. It's like dying - we have cider, though it's good! The film began to promise and failed to deliver. It was more horror / comedy, and even fails to deliver. I think you could call it Dud, Flop, etc. <br /> <br /> The best thing about the film is the cover. Though something told me it does not deserve the $ 12!
