I'll say first that I gave a 3 out of 10 movie after I thought. I wanted to give him a goal 1, but he got some extra points for the number of bodies. But that's about it. Let me explain. We literally paid £ 1 for this DVD in a supermarket, because I tend to have a lot of faith in bargain horror movies, especially in B movies. But if this movie is about B's status, as I guess it was for several reasons (which I will touch in one second), then it has failed magnificently. Not only did he shoot for B but also lost, he landed somewhere around F. This movie had so many good times and failed quite well in all accounts. I say above that this movie is probably about B's status and seems to try to do this by trying to combine humor with horror, which can be either very good or very bad. For example, later on, Freddy (Dream Warriors onwards) refers to Freddy's style and nose lifting, which works great! But this film has completely bombed it because the times when they tried to inject humor were largely bad. I will admit, however, that humor was good at the beginning of the film. Actually, for half an hour I liked this film and I was ready to congratulate myself for another good breakthrough. But what really killed this movie for me was the inappropriate killing. For example, when "Satan" breaks the cat against the dash and writes "boo" with his blood, using his body as a brush. Or when Satan hits the door in an elderly woman with helpless help. Now, usually, I'm not really against some meaningless killings in the movies - hey, that's the point, right? But in the two cases, it seemed terribly offensive and useless to anything in the movie. For me, the movie has fallen down since then. One of the negative points of the movie is that I hate any character in it. Child, Dougie was just annoying annoying! I'm at a loss to explain how they could write all those dead bodies and people killed in front of their eyes like a trick! Really, come back !!! I fully understand that in order to be in a horror movie, a character must be somewhat stupid, such as running upstairs, when you should run out of the house screaming for help, but this kid took the biscuit! I wanted to kill him until the end of her life! It was absolutely incredible and if I had to hear him say "spirit!" Once again I was going to bang my head on a wall - because thats what watching this movie felt like it was. Why did not we shoot the movie? Mainly because I honestly believe that an end can sometimes redeem a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The end did NOT redeem this movie, it more irritated the hell out of me and was inappropriate on the plot line. I already have it! The killer will always be dressed like someone else, will be well received in the house by the stupid child and will come back again, because nobody suspects him in this costume! UNDERSTAND! This movie made me angry because he was so stupid! And if, through a mistaken mistake, you get to watch this movie, take care of the intestines. Honestly, if that guy actually had intestines that looked like that, I'd be surprised he never died, not to mention until some of them would take them out and tie them to a chair. I really go so far as to say that the only character I liked at all in this film was actually the killer. Simply because when the "comedy routine" worked, it worked. On the whole, the plot of this film has pulled something that could have been good. Why kill the killer? I do not know. I can live without knowing who it really was, that's quite typical, but for no reason - damn I do not know, I would agree to have him like a bad Halloween child! - it just seems more than meaningless, just stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I specifically recorded IMDb just to comment. Save your money, save your health. Stay away from him!
