This is a horror film "anthology". It is composed of four short stories taken from the fiction of Robert Bloch (who wrote for Weird Tales and was a personal friend with H.P Lovecraft, but is best known for the original "Psycho" story). The quality of the stories is very uneven and I did not think very much about the movie, it was horrible or horrible. It would have been better to make it like a comedy like the "Terror Comedy". Only the last of the 4 stories was really done in a humorous way and is probably the best of them (the one with Ingrid Pitt). I have seen some of these Amicus anthology films and the only one that really deserved my time was "Tales of the Crypt" by Freddie Francis. The anthology style works well for the producers because it means they can hire a bunch of "big names", hire them for a week or so, and then they'll bring the next big name. So you pay, basically, for 6 weeks of film salary, but you get 5 or 6 different brand names. But this is very unfortunate for the audience because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt working together. Instead, they lock themselves. So let's take them one by one, in short. The first story is Denholm Elliot, who does a really admirable job of trying to bring a certain dignity to his stupid role as a terrorist writer of his own character. Unfortunately, the actor who plays Dominic, the source of horror, Tom Adams, shows only stupidity, which ruins any possible horror. There are some hilarious things if you want to laugh at it, like the scene where Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. It is the patented scene in which the killer sneaks behind the victim, but nobody looks, so the whole audience should shout "LEAVE OUT BEFORE YOU!" The second story is with Peter Cushing. God loves that man so much. Too bad that so many of his movies, like this one, are pretty scented. In the story, he should go for a long lost love and see his resemblance to a wax museum. It's a completely predictable story that does not go anywhere. Then you have a little bit of Christopher Lee, where the father of a child turns out to be a witch. Again, this pic could have been fun if it were played for laugh. But instead, we should be terrified when Lee hits his baby and is surprised when it turns out to be bad. The actress, Chloe Franks, was pretty good in that kind of "Bad Seed" role, though. The last story is kind of funny ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress, and Jon Pertwee plays an actor accidentally buying a vampire that turns them into a real vampire. It's about the whole story he has to offer. I was surprised how stupid English Ingrid Pitt is, I think it was supposed to be named in some of the other movies I saw. It's not a very memorable movie or one that I would recommend to anyone, but to add horror.
