The story of the movie is full and weird. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a movie about the Middle East and Central Asia, this is absolutely terrible. Film makers did not study or were incredibly lazy when they filmed it. First of all, the Nuristans, as they were known in the thirties and even in the 1890s, and their powerful conversion by Abdul-Rahman Shah of Agnhistan, were not nomadic. In fact, they have not been nomads since the invasion of the Central Asia areas over three millennia ago. Secondly, the city that is filmed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, however, the geography of the area around the city could not be more striking than the city of Tehran, which is surrounded by all parts of a wide range of mountains, which predominates all the city's views. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the Persian, despite being spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in the film. When there are native speakers who do not speak in German speaking in Arabic. The "Persian" guards at the border, in fact, say one to the other "Ma hadha rujal" (This is not a man) and not "in the nude" as it is in Persian. Also, the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in Spanish. While talking in the garden, one of the main characters says the Quran uses the words "Ferdos" and "jehaan" and makes some references to the drugs by words. These words never appear in the Qur'an, because they are Persian for Paradise (indeed, Ferdos and Paradise are very distant congenees between our languages) and "World" respectively, although Jehaan is often close to "Jehennan," which is hell in Arabic. When meeting nomads in the desert, spoken language is also Arab, despite the fact that there is no native Arabic speaker in Iran and Afghanistan, and its use is primarily religious, with a certain use in education at that moment. > <br /> When you stop in Iran before reaching the Afghanistan border, the people I meet are totally different from any Iranian group. Their tents are typically Bedouin with rugs that decorate the walls and a high profile. In Iran, it is extremely unusual for people to wear turbines if they are not clergy. The spoken language is clearly Arabic from Ahlan wa Sahlan's initial salutation. When they reach Kabul, the desert they find is sandy, totally different from the dirt that is found in the arid areas of the Hindu Kush mountains. There is an absence of light green scrub that covers the ground in the summer and spring. The area is also not consumed entirely by the extreme mountains in the mountain area that has earned its name, The Killers Indian, because of its difficult and limiting terrain. In short, the story line is the only thing in this movie that has any water and is still weak and commonplace. It has no real attraction, being just the story of two women who try to learn about themselves when they arrive at Nuristan; however, even it is still born and does not feel any real development, leaving the characters in the where they were at the beginning and nothing has changed, except that this two world war has been abolished. In short, this is a very bad movie I'd rated at a star, except for Bedouin's good filming and the Levant desserts, even if they are wrongly called.
