The underlying premise of "Miami Golem" certainly deserves a place on the top, say, fifty demented cinematic plots ever written! I know the top 50 does not sound too impressive, but I've seen many really strange movies with crazy plots. I was prepared for something complicated, because the film was directed and co-written by Alberto De Martino, one of Italy's most ambitious and creative but highly acclaimed cinemas. De Martino steals more ideas from successful success, as did most of the Italian directors at the time, but he always adds a lot of things to becoming even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all of De Martino's films deserve, but some of them are extremely underrated, such as "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta," "Holocaust 2000," and "A Crime Formula." The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements from numerous Sci-Fi and adventure films (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Close Encounters of the Third Type," "ET", The only thing stolen from another film is the theme song of an opening synthesizer that sounds almost identical to Axel F. from Harold Faltermeyer's "Beverly Hills Cop" .The rest of the movie is a fun fantasy fantasy science drama -Fi, action, horror, and super-hero film. Surely, it does not always make sense (most of the time it's not, in fact), but "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly an imaginative and multilateral film kept my partner and I fascinated from the beginning to the end. <br /> <br /> The plot is extremely difficult to summarize briefly, but I will try anyway. "Skeptic journalist Craig Milford reports the story of a German scientist who would be discovered an alien DNA within a meteor The orbit collapsed and managed to clone him. The DNA cell is part of a bad alien force that has already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and will undoubtedly destroy all humanity as soon as it grows big enough. If this is not enough of a problem, the rich Mr Anderson has ordered to steal the badly growing baby, because he thinks he can manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of good aliens in an earthly disguise, Craig Milford has the difficult task of protecting the planet from the evil fetus. Okay, I know all this sounds grotesque and stupid, but I assure that "Miami Golem" is actually an easy and easily digestible movie. The first half of the film may be too harassing and confusing because Alberto De Martino is trying to keep the secret by using absurd red herring. There are ghostly subliminal occurrences, supportive characters that behave exaggeratedly mysterious for no real reason, and at some point there are speculations about the lost continent of Atlantis. However, all fillers are misleading and as soon as the setting is more or less clear, "Miami Golem" turns into a popcorn action movie, habitual in the early 1980s, with bloody massacres, sequences (in Florida Everglades explosions, free weakness, and monsters in jars.) Now I really do not want to give the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and unmeasurable gem of the Italian cinematography of exploitation. This is a bad film! The events become endurable only if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot and if you do not succeed in that, well, that is just a non-stop spitfire of the negative aspects. especially the veteran of film B, John Ireland, as James Bond's archetypal arrogant character, does not seem the least interested in sce You can tell from his grimaces and the way he gives his lines, which he also thinks, that all production is delayed and simply enrolled in salary. Laura Trotter is probably the sexiest woman ever-appealing, and the person who drew the extraordinary chaotic cover of VHS must have felt the exact same way, because the ravishing girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie. What embarrassment must be for Mrs. Trotter. However, her free nudity sequences compensate for this because it is quite hot from the neck down. And finally, there is an unforgettable scene where David Warbeck descends a helicopter from a school bus in motion with an ordinary gun! I do not think John Rambo can do this while he's a Vietnam veteran and Warbeck's character is a simple TV reporter.
