A reporter, Craig Milford, working for the Public Telecommunications Center James Keller, has an interview with a German professor at a Florida university who has made an unknown creature based on a particular meteor substance. But then a man named Anderson, trying to control the entire planet with the creature, and his man killing the teacher and his assistants and robbing his creature. So, Craig and her psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who communicates not only with the human being but also with the stranger's friend of the creature, they begin to find the creature and try to send it to an alien ship. the film has big and personal casts. For example, David Warbeck's actor from THE BEYOND, actress Laura Trotter from NIGHTMARE CITY, special effects creator Sergio Stivaletti from Dario Argento's masterpieces and director (and storyteller), Alberto De Martino of the strange eyes, and KILLER IS PE PHONE. And these talented people make an incredibly evil film, called, nothing but MIAMI GOLEM, which is essentially a confusing, confused film of CLIENTS OF THE THIRD WITH THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL E.T.THE. And this film, which is not only confused, but also crammed, has something of value; genetic engineering with psychological research. Consequently, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical defect; genetic engineering and psychological research are never compatible. (Strangely, with regard to this strange childhood combination of genetic engineering and psychological research, the main character, Craig, himself says it must be a better explanation for short-haired psychoanalysis, Joanna, but, after all , the whole story of the movie has and can not present any kind of EXCELLENT EXPLANATION.) In addition, this film has something more noisy; problematic music. What the composer, who is credited as Robert Marry, is nothing but the strange insistence of BEVERLY-HILLS-COP. I do not want to say this Italian theme of BEVERLY HILLS COP itself is very bad music, but I have to say that it seems clear that music is not fit for this film itself. Indeed, who can think that BEVERLY HILLS COP is compatible with genetic engineering and / or psychological research?
