This is a film that makes a digestion. On the one hand, we are offered a difficult shell, a story not only derived from the Catholic Church, but it is so stupid and uninformed. On an inner layer, we are given a story about orthodoxy about orthopraxy and what happens when people blindly follow a faith they do not have to understand. At first glance it seems to have been a comedy. If so, Mr Durang has to open a dictionary, because obviously he does not know the meaning of the word. Banks are pale; humor is strange and poorly delivered. In particular, Mrs. Keaton's performance is overwhelmed, much under the quality of her days Annie Hall and Sleeper. Jennifer Tilly is again a model of stridency with her uplifting voice and crying style. All this could be forgiven if it had not been for the last 20 minutes of this movie, that it was obviously a controversial piece made in 1981. *** Attention, spoilers ahead *** Everything begins with the appearance of four former students of sister Maria Ignatius (Ignatie, in fact, is a man's name and a nun will not adopt it after his vows in any circumstance, because only to show you how untiring the research went into the project to get started.) When they all admit they do not obey the teachings of the church, the sister becomes irrational and abuses them in a way the audience thinks she managed to come back when they returned to the retrospective sexy sounds . When one of them recognizes that he has two abortions, the nun becomes even more abusive until the pupil pulls out a weapon. After she disappears from her, the nun kills the student, perhaps in self-defense. She then continues a shouting cry, killing a former gay student because of her sins. The last blow is from the female deceased student, who is in a posture similar to Christ, as a shadow of a cross that hangs over it. Can you say "hard?" I knew you could know there were abusive monks in the past and I know many people have been emotionally affected as a result, but these images are thrown in the throat in almost every other blow in this movie wreck. I have heard from the writer and the director that this is a film about hysteria and why you should not follow such a religious orthodoxy without intending a word game. This explanation is difficult to swallow, however, simply because we are never given an authoritarian point of view that is not influenced in any way against the Catholic faith. This film is simply an anti-Catholic bull, which, in the name of fairness and equality, is frightening and hateful. This is a film I would recommend to a Catholic, namely to awaken the realities of that cynicism and ignorance that he is facing today. If "Rabbi Ray Explains Everything" or "Imam Muhammad Explains Everything," there would be revolts on the streets, and Showtime would lose all his subscriptions. But unfortunately, because it is a film that opposes what is perceived to be the majority, it is accepted and even applauded by those who share the same sinful point of view. a member of that distribution was a practicing Catholic, so not only ignorance brought him to make this film. I give it 1.5 stars out of 5, not because of the offensive nature, but because it was badly written, badly guided and just a bad movie in general. Do not waste your time.
