Like a "stray Catholic," who was 11 years of Catholic school but was not at the 35-year-old table except for weddings and funerals, I thought I would take a shot from that. And I did. . . for the first two thirds of the movie. It was all standard things - strict parish school teachings, repressed sexuality, etc. But then, suddenly, the movie turned into malice. Very bad. Now you remember, I saw this before the pedophile scandals were hit. . . and maybe I would not have been so offended also at the ugly and ugly strings of the Catholic Church if I knew about these abominations (a Catholic term)! a few years since I rented the video and I will not return to rent it again with a new perspective. She left the taste so dirty, ugly, ugly in my mouth. . . I wonder what experience all the actors had with the Church, whether they really hated it or they were forgiven for salary. It's an incredibly anti-Catholic film, offensive to anyone who has a glamor of respect for Catholic education. What they still do because there were no better teachers in the 1950s. Anything else Monsens did, forced me to learn to read and write English. They made us remember. (How many children today can make simple arithmetic in their heads?) The truth is that there is nothing more important to success in America. Can you read? Can you add / subtract / multiply / divide? That's great. You can get any advanced degree you want. And the discipline of Catholic education will keep you well, not just as you continue your studies, but for the rest of your life, no matter what you think of the Catholic "mythology" that we all have to learn. > <br /> Such a great distribution, such a stupid, rotten scenario. I feel very bad (and no, it's not "bad" - believe me, nuns taught me better) for writer and director. I thought I had mixed emotions about the Catholic school. But the participants in this project must have been those bad (ie, stupid) children who were sitting behind the room if they volunteered to make this film.
