The final score ... which cares - is a show of reality. She has no love for her audience, she panders to lazy viewers, does not put anything in and does not get anything out. "Joe Millionaire", the most flagrant reality show of all this, is an epic television disaster. It's a moment of river, stone, not only for Fox, but also for the American public who actually looks like he was talking about the next day's stupidity. You should be ashamed of yourself. Because as much as Fox promotes this junk will not make any money unless it's watch people (and the boy was, the finals received almost the Super Bowl numbers!?). Do not you mind that there are many written, directed, acting and, in general, efforts in them that are canceled as you sit back and beat this cold game without effort? <br /> <br /> I was a firm supporter of Fox. They are those of us like me who look for a quality TV that helped build Fox on the days of marriage ... with the Children and The Simpsons. Pretty convenient, now none of these shows would make 6 weeks with the current management. Gail Berman "reign of terror" as it is often called. The network led war on the screenwriter TV AND, strangely enough, it's the fans. Those who helped build them at the beginning. Not only do we have to fight for good shows, but we have to fight against our own network. He cries out his mind. Nothing Fox has done in the last 3 years makes sense. From hitting titles such as Titus, Futurama and John Doe (NBC can re-open Boomtown, but Fox can not lift its head to give the only decent show they had this season another blow). And the reason I can do it all: junk success like "Joe Millionaire". Now I can say, "We do not need TV fans, we have reality shows". They seem to have no idea that the general public, draw with this junk, is unhindered and will abandon the next step. To alienate the base like this, it will eventually kill the grid as it put back ABC. The show itself is a joke. Here we have a premise, in the classic Fox gimmick that promises something different and crazy, but then gives us something that does not differ at all from "The Bachelor" or something from the big 3. Fox has entered the mainstream. The end and "quote / unquote" have shown that they have no ideas in the sleeve. Now we know that all these shows, no matter how different they would look, will reach the same cornball, the story ends. We have to see a bunch of ghastly actors aspiring that the network has chosen millions of heads to fit their demographic parade around high school bumps claiming they liked this Evan Marriott because ... well because it was a competition and that's what you should do. Marriott himself resembles a disfigured chro-magnum man who strives to put together the simplest sentences. But how can women not fall for "Joe" with such charming lines as "Look, you're not stupid." I thought the people who watched these realities / meetings / game shows were just lazy to change the channel, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think it must really be mentally deficient. Come people, you have a little pride in yourself. Ask a little more from your entertainment, then HOME. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
