The sermon begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is delighted to learn that he has been admitted to the medical school to continue his family tradition of becoming an MD like his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey ) However, his joy may be short because Eddie is involved in an accident and is driven by a car. Taken at the nearest hospital, he does not look good for the poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie persuades his brother Richard to let him save Eddie with the serum he developed, a serum that gives the recipient the power to heals any kind of wound or disease. Desperate for his boy to live, Richard agrees, but the procedure has unwanted side effects like turning Eddie into a brain that eats zombies, which is not just a good thing ... Executive product written and directed by Steve Franke I will be perfectly honest and say that the serum is terrible, the serum is one of those horror films that does not try to beat any other number of others and ends up being a bit more fun than having nails with pliers. The script is terrible, he has a whole re-animator (1985) who feels with him with crazy scientists using huge syringes trying to eliminate death, but he is so boring to be untrue, the first forty minutes is nothing but a soap opera not expecting anything to spend her running time with Eddie getting home after spending some time away and finding her ex-girlfriend hooked up with someone else's arguments with his mother step by step, getting drunk with his partner and , generally, the audience is bored. So, once the temptation of the first forty minutes ends, and if you keep track of it, it takes twenty minutes for Eddie to be animated and then kill a few people, the police catch him and pull him, the end. Thank God. Serum is devoid of the feature that you can associate with a good film, the soul of the character, the dialogue is poor, it is taken too seriously, it is boring, it is slow, it is forgetful and it is considered a horror movie an alarming lack of blood, gorilla or horror. I did not recommend, did I mention that the serum was boring? I thought about this. Franke's director does nothing to live that, although he is competent, there is no style here. Gore levels do not exist, there's a little sprinkled blood, a biting neck, some scars on the face of the dead woman, some scenes where a needle pierces the skin, and that's all. Do not expect a re-animator in the gore department, because if you make yourself very disappointed, as if I were actually. Filmed in what looks like a home, a restaurant and a lab, the film has no variety and just looks cheap all the time. There are some nudity scenarios, but that's not enough to save him. Technically, the movie is not too bad, at least it seems that the right cameras were used, I can not comment on the special effects due to the fact that there are none, but in general, the serum seems quite professional. Does he seem shot in Texas, or should he have read that he should have been literally shot in Texas? The actress is shit, though again they think they were actors rather than friends or family of the director. Serum is a terrific movie, it is boring, slow, boring, has no gore and feels like a horrible soap opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why someone feels the need to watch this when they can see again Re-Animator or one of the sequels, seriously I recommend you give Seru a desire. That's where I just saved you from losing 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
