"Serum" starts with credits that are quite reminiscent of "Re-animator" movies, and it owes them a lot. The story is very similar; a crazy doctor develops a serum that, in his opinion, will alleviate pain, disease and death, but he does not seem to be a great believer in clinical trials and revolves around a zombie by eating brain in his hands as his nephew. Zombie really looks like one of those at "Re-animator", and in fact, some make-up effects in "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is quite slow and unbelievable in some places, resulting in a sensation of soap opera for most of the first 3/4 of the film. For some reason, the director feels forced to tell us the time of the day every few minutes by blinking in white letters on the screen. I do not see why this is important, other than being an attempt to give viewers a sense of time passage; sometimes it would not be otherwise, because the plot is breeding along. There are a number of moments that simply do not add up here. For example, a victim is hit with a sled, but when we see the victim's head almost there are no signs of trauma. In another scene, a character runs a fully illuminated hospital corridor (we can actually see the circles of light on the floor, in fact) with a flashlight in his hand, looking everybody as if walking in the dark ... but one moment later a second character descends on the same luminous corridor without one. These are just a few examples; moments of what looked like adjusting or editorial sloppiness culture up quite frequently throughout the movie. "Serve" is better in some ways than most of what goes straight-to-video as an independent horror lately. As for the technical elements? sound and photo, for example? has a more polished look than many of what's on a DVD. On the other hand, there is still a good wood business (especially one of the leading characters, crazy scientist himself!) And nonsensical moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of unbelief and everything about writing and continuity. Perhaps these are things that people involved in making this movie will eventually have more experience with, though. One of the problems with low-budget, independent low-budget horror is that filmmakers are often preparing to recall more popular films that have larger budgets and almost never work. Otherwise, it did not do it "Ser".
