This is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. The fact that he has a thin story is bad enough to hang him around the topic of football violence is 100 times worse. I had serious doubts about the premise of this film just before I started to look, but I got into it quite well enough even to accept the way the writers considered fit to introduce the character of Elijah Wood Matt in the hooligan scene . But the film throws inaccuracies after inaccuracies, the point at which, in the middle of the movie, each makes you cling more than ever before. Let's clarify a few things: The hooligans do not tend to beat their own pub before running - the league game; they do not go to kill each other; they simply do not bear Stone Island (and others in the crowd, hooligans or no, no). Certainly, when they made an exception from a new member of the firm, they do not let go of their territories of ripeness for pie and pasta. And I would love to meet those who want to go to the grass of the little boy of his firm at a rival firm. (Although you can scratch what I said about the arrangements to kill each other, if any). Do not misunderstand me, I've still seen a movie on this theme, I do not have anything whimsical about fantasy, but this is on par with the company for cluelessness. It was ironic to me that Wood's American Nemesis is morally condemned by his character because he is a cocaine user when this is part and parcel of the British hooligan scene. The film chooses not to deny Wood's morale and instead to give up any of the coke companies. We could go further, but I think I made my point. <br /> <br /> As far as the plot is concerned, it's extremely unimaginable and I'm sure if I did not spend the whole movie scaring the points even more, doing the above, I'd guess what happened earlier than I did it. And believe me, I was right in front. I have the distinct impression that this film is intended for men, with the hope that women will enjoy the injection of emotional issues that are high. <br /> <br /> If I'm right, the manufacturers have failed completely. It's too unrealistic to enjoy somebody who knows about the scene and I can not believe that the kind of woman looking for emotional movies would be damning about any of the characters given their violent tendencies. <br /> <> Are there any good points? Perhaps the battle scenes are well coined and filmed, but rarely I am impressed by the slow action, certainly not when it comes to a fight, because the idea is that a ruck suffers quite a lot. funny, if unrealistic moments. Wood's journey to school gave me a smile. But a few moments of amusement can hardly be compensated for watching two hours of complete slag made. If you are a British avoiding the epidemic, if not just not to further develop the wrong ideas of the scene, if you do not know. If you are an American, you can enjoy it because it is clearly adapted to the market. But no one can deny that the plot is thin, predictable and finally over the top.
