Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and the premise that anyone who lives in England has been to a football match or knows that the first thing about football will be immediately noticed. My first major victory with Hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters. He does not misunderstand me, I like Elijah Wood and I have great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts he has fought to eliminate this role. The main motivation of his character is rage to the system and anger to betrayal, yet he spends much of the placid and cheerful film, showing only his aggressiveness in a short scene towards the end of the film. This, linked to his appearance and his physique, makes him a totally unconvincing supplement to a band of football hooligans. At no point during the movie I was convinced that a) they could do a fight against such bombs and b) the "business" of the beggars would accept such a person in their flyer. the main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie shows the side and is quite convincing like a bully. Unfortunately, being a native of Newcastle Upon Tyne in northern England, he shows the worst accent in East London, since Dick Van Dyke tried to go cock-en-y in Marry Poppins. Details like this probably will not disturb the American audience that will be less adapted to the regional dialect in the UK, but the UK was a problem I could not ignore and helped to ruin the movie for me. Performance support has provided convincing performance and has been well distributed, especially Bover's role. The boy who played this character would have been better suited to Charlie's main role. With a movie like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters are plausible, unfortunately pouring failed. Imagine if you made a movie like The Godfather and you had Sean Hayes (Will) from Will and Grace starring Michael Corleone. You would not have convinced. The story of Hooligan is also full of implausibility. I'm not Hooligan football, but I'm a fantastic football fan. I know how a "regular" group of football supporters can see as such that it is impossible for a non-football fan who is not a fan of the club in question not to be from the area in question and not even from the British Citizenship to be embraced by a "firm" that equates to a secret organization in some serious cases. My final and greatest problem with this film is how it portrays football hooligans. I react against the film's idea that, despite being very violent individuals, hooligans are excused because they live with some kind of ethic code in their world and should be admired to be brave and loyal to each other. This is a complete garbage. Hooligan football is complete waste. They take football, England's national sport and use it as an excuse to terrorize, scare and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but they give the whole game to the people of this country a bad reputation. They are not courageous or loyal, they are cowards and wicked. If "GSE" in this film really loved the club, West Ham, why they will dedicate their lives to be a spotted spot. Hooligans are an embarrassment of football and English society. Football hooligans make for the reputation of football what Hitler did for the reputation of the Germans. Although this movie tries / intends to show the violent part of football. It does nothing but promote it as an exonerating activity for extreme sports fans. He does not show the poor innocent innocents at football matches that shook their day of an idiot throwing coins / briquettes / glass in the crowd. Does not show homeowners and innocent owners, who have to get up with graffiti and broken windows. He does not show REALL fans of soccer clubs who suffer from indignation and embarrassment when their team supporters are forbidden to travel in matches or abroad to play in Europe because the bullies among them destroy all of them. If you want to see a good film about football violence, watch BBC drama "The Firm".
