This is one of those movies that makes you want the time spent watching it and then some, such as the time you accidentally spent, the time spent in the video store, etc. <br /> <br /> First, the look: It's granular, has a low budget. Now, this does not in itself make a bad movie. But the way it was shot makes the action seem unnatural, so it's a kind of distraction. That's the story. 3 girls go on a weekend from boys. Of course, as everyone does on the camping trip, they stop on their way to get earrings. When they reach the area they are about to stay, they are pulled by Mr. Ranger Sir, who is arguing that he throws a cigarette lit by the car during the fire season and then leads them where they are going (a remote cabin). Of course, two "cute boys" are wandering in their neighborhood, and Bambi (yes, Bambi) and Aubry are hit immediately, but Bambi seems to be hit by something with two legs. Mady is rather disappointed with this evolution, because she is looking forward to a weekend to forget about her ex-husband, whom she faces and kills with her gallop friends. Oh, and I almost forgot, there is an old hermit, who lives like this, maybe there is no one to get involved, and the area and the cabin in which they stand have some kind of "reputation". So, of course, sooner or later (unfortunately, MORE LATER), some of our weekend visitors are starting to die and find traps (although some of them have struck a little less) and, of course, the rest of the caravans are upset. Without mobile phone reception (which would miss a chance to check his cell phone for reception in a movie?). Mr. Ranger Sir continues to appear in strange moments and his behavior seems a bit strange, but he said he would get help. There's a fantastic twist on what you just do not want to lose too, if you're still awake. Pray that you wake up on an empty screen. In doing so, it is terrible, the production values ​​are terrible, and the whole enterprise is just lame and it seems amazing that it was even released. Avoid at any cost, 1 out of 10.
