'A Smile Lick Yours' is a pathetic comedy that makes no sense. I do not mean the story was complicated, but the whole plot is based on one thing: the desperate and costly attempts of a couple to conceive the children. People who have tried so hard have to have forgotten about the adoption option, where this film is not as good. Lauren Holly interprets Jennifer Robertson, a total contradiction to anything offered by the women's liberation movement that has almost no sense of independence. She is a pretty boring character as a dreamer housewife, absolutely nothing in her mind, but to have children. As an amazing comedy of 50 years of love, Greg Kinnear is her husband who also sends, who has no personality, no independence, and no interest on our part. They are the two most boring and often annoying characters, hardly doing for subjects of a comedy that should present themselves with many shortcomings that should appear from a couple doing everything they can to get pregnant. Unless they just go to a fertility clinic and pay a bunch of money to do what they could do in their privacy (except for that number of in vitro fertilization). The plot does not allow mistakes, because well, the pair does nothing to create any kind of bizarre situation. I'm just going to this clinic. So what? The subplots are designed to test the couple's faithfulness, a necessary moral element of the story, because the couple plans to conceive children together. Jennifer works at a new age shop with her girlfriend (played by Joan Cusak), and they are in the aphrodisiac development business. Christopher MacDonald plays the interested buyer, and Jennifer is the promising negotiator of a good price for her and her boyfriend's product. The subplot does not offer too much to worry about (although Joan Cusak is quite funny in the restoration scene). Danny (Kinear) is an architect who finds an opportunity to make some extra money to clinch himself by hiring a job in Seattle, where his boss is a crazy seduction (and another hopeless, helpless woman ) trying to influence Danny (as stupid as he) to have an affair with her once things are rocky with him and his wife (for reasons I do not care to give them). Jill Hennesy is good in role, but her character is too predictable and too formal as a very necessary element to create a conflict for Danny. It is bad and once again, very little interesting. <br /> <br /> The movie itself is absolutely boring and almost amusing (save the restoration scenario and airplane flight). The plot does not offer anything that really is a special attention. Even though the story was about two people who were trying to conceive, the writers could have realized a number of drawbacks that would develop from that. Second, the main characters are completely boring. There are some great comedies from the 1950s, with a happy wife and a flawless husband. So even with no drawbacks in the plot, the characters do not offer anything interesting, let alone funny. Joan Cusak should have been in the lead and somebody else should have taken Kinnear. Cusak would have even made an amusingly funny story (as it sometimes does in her role as a lead role here). This is certainly one to pass.
