Let me start by saying that I did not look at this movie at first with great expectations. I was recommended by a friend with a mediocre taste in movies, and "MTV" was glued to the front cover, so I did not expect too much. What I was expecting was a tear, too dramatic, but at least effective. I was wrong. First of all, let me begin that I never read the book or even watched other versions of the movie. The actor was my main shot at the movie. Through God is AWFUL. The main face is fairly mediocre, but compared to the rest of the cast is Maryl Streep. The main "hero," Heath, is simply terrible. She can sing decent songs, but it sounds like that. His acting broke the "sad" moments, being so bad at the points where I just broke into laughter. Isabel's girl was pretty cute and the brother was just a flat character played by an actor who could not show emotions. And when he tried, he failed miserably. Neil Patrick Harris was the only decent actor to play Edward, though it was obvious that the direction was bad because he did not even live up to what I saw. Oh, and my father was not half bad for my memories, but he's been in the movie for so little time that I can barely remember. The story itself was not very good. More breaks than you can imagine. Predictable story (To the end, which I barely understood). EXTREME unilateral characters, no real depth ... Generally, it's not interesting or convincing, nothing I've ever seen has done much better and nothing worth looking at here. to be a tearjerker. He did not do anything like that. The end is not built at all, almost feels like a later thought. In fact, I had to ask my friends why the end actually happened, which, when they explained it, I should have looked at my face "Wait, when did they say that?" Never a good sign. Editing was probably the worst thing I've ever seen, though I understand that fade-in-fade-outs are done, because this was originally done for television, but it is not an excuse at all. the film is just garbage. I'm a sensitive guy, I cried during two Simpsons episodes. I never cried in this stupidity, not even close. Indeed, this movie is not worth your time. If you really want to see a tearjerker somewhere else.
