As a fan of Science-fiction films, I have been aware of the Matrix since its release in 1999. From a small point, I would allow people to tell me about it, I assumed it was very original and sophisticated. I'm also a devotee of Alice in Wonderland. I would never realize how I lost The Matrix when it was released. With the impending launch of The Matrix Reloaded, it was time to buy the DVD and watch it. The disappointment was too great. The premise of the matrix (the control device, unlike the film) was intelligent. The philosophical premise of parallel worlds, of some alternative realities, is exhausted. Nevertheless, I could have been bought in the film as a science fiction if I had been so firm in this genre. Unfortunately, it has turned into a standard, "they will or will not escape, break, save those who need rescue, etc." To make things worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. The problem is that science-fiction and martial arts are indeed two different types. For the purest, the devotee of one or the other, the mixing of the two does not work. It's like mixing science fiction with romance. You can have one or the other, but not both in the same movie or at least not both in the same movie. If there were such problems with The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded really complicated the problems. At least thirty minutes of film were either martial arts or a prolonged tracking machine. (This observation ignores the question of every professional, negative film review: If Neo could do Superman's work, why fight it? The answer, of course, is that which attracts the young demographic group, the masculine theater.) Then, there is also the "redemption through love" aspect. This plotting device was used by Richard Wagner a hundred years ago. In fact, he was better dealt with in Die Gotterdammerung. So where are the ones who have seen Matrix Reloaded. Martial arts artists have probably groaned through philosophical artistic philosophy. Science fiction fans wondered why they were sitting in a kung-fun fest. Most men in the audience, who are probably bored with the romantic look of the movie. Just what should you get for dollars when you see the The Matrix franchise films: science fiction, martial arts, or soap? A little of each does not do for much more than any of them, nor for a satisfying film for the affectionate each.
