"Matrix" was an exciting summer blockbuster that was visually fantastic, but also curiously believed to have caused "Twilight Zone" in its own way. The general rule applies here - and this continuation does not match its predecessor. Worse than that, he does not even compare to that. "Reloaded" explodes on the screen in the most unprofessional way. In the first few seconds, the first impression is generally good, because Trinity is shot in a dream. Immediately thereafter, the movie sank. After a disaster for the first 45 minutes, it gradually gains momentum when it enters the Matrix and Agent Smith's battle takes place. But the whole speed is lost when it reaches the 14 minute tracking sequence, and it gets worse and the big twist, worthy of the end. The worst of all is the "Zion Rave" scene. Not only does it have nothing to do with the plot, it is also a pathetic excuse for porn and depression dance music. The appearance of the "Matrix" bullet was a good addition, but in "Recharged," they use too much to make it look dull. At first there were interesting plot changes, but here is too linear to be interesting from a distance. The film is, in principle, only a series of elegant diversions that prevent us from realizing how empty it is. It works on the incorrect principle that bigger is better. It seems that the "Matrix" franchise has quickly descended into the theft of special effects, which have taken place in other franchises, such as the Star Wars saga. The standard of action is weak for the most part. The best character is, of course, that of Hugo Weaving's agent, the only one that's a little interesting. Keanu Reeves is Neo definitely, but in all the special effects, there is not much space to have too much impact. Oscar winner Laurence Fishburne is reduced to a monotonous mentor with weak dialogue. Carrie Ann Moss "as an actress could have done much better than any other actress. A bad movie," Matrix Reloaded ", is a disappointment, it is not likely to multiply, this is just for hard fans Even in the sub-genre of the special bonanzas movie (Minority Report, The Matrix etc.) this is still quite weak. my IMDb: 4.5 / 10.
