The man would expect a film with a duration of approx. the $ 300,000,000 budget should have fun for at least the time you spend in cinema. "Matrix Reloaded" proves that this assumption is wrong. "Matrix" worked better, despite the apparent holes in the logic of the story. At least nobody could explain why you beat a bot (aka agent) in a simulation (aka martix) would harm the responsible computer program in any way ... Unfortunately, the Wachowski brothers have made this "agent-bashing ", the main thing in the" Matrix Reloaded ": is an em up beat o-frame. This battle scene may be sufficient (or even cold) in 5 seconds. trailer, but prolonged for several minutes, seemingly false, badly and repeatedly choreographed, is nothing but boring. Despite watching the promised speculative cascades, there is nothing more than a simple bashing of low, non-imaginative quality already seen (or better not) in ex. Van Damme "Movies". The difference in post-production (the etheric is 5 times faster, the room floats around and freezes on certain scenes, and this is repeated for at least 5 minutes) does not help here, all of them have nothing to do with the very meaning of "martial arts". In addition to these "fights," all actors refuse to do what they are paid to act. What's going on next to battle scenes? Few, except the Hollywood routine. This pile of hippie, so multicultural, sucking on the "World of Waters," is recycled as a citizen of "Zion" (the last city on the earth), and at Morpheus's order it begins to dance because it is a good occasion to show a lot of barely covered tits. The oh-so-popular cliché of the frog, known as the French, who speaks with the accent "is not sais quoi," which loses its fortune because of a "liason d'amour" is courageously served. Following this (and an unwanted funny game) is the struggle between Neo and the sinister pursuers of the "frog" because it takes place in an Erroy Flynn as an enterieur, fortunately offering a lot of mideaval weapons for decoration. For Neo to wear hellebarde, add 2 ladders and a lot of statues (because they are destroyed, thrown over bad guys and so on) and you will get 5 minutes more wonderful. of this junk. What's to be expected? The usual hell of merchandising. And the "revolutions" that will happen or not - certainly without me.
