The first Matrix movie was lush, with incredible character development, amazing dialogue and action scenes that have kept the story flowing. These elements - combined with incredible special effects of the day - featured a magical walk that kept you in suspense all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its sequel, Revolutions). The issue here is not the special effects or battle sequences, as some might support; The brothers took up well-developed characters from the first film and emptied them as round tree logs. The connection that was originally set between viewers and screen characters in the first movie is lost when you realize that they are not the same characters in the first Matrix movie. To understand, Morpheus was developed as a charismatic, philosophical, with a much greater vision than anybody else in the movie, but here in Reloaded - we are presented by another Morpheus who stands loud and empty, reduced to corny un-liners which contradicts the character I have seen develop in the first film. This character did not feel the same, and this could also be said about supporting characters in the movie. Removing "Tank" was also a disappointment. Tank's involvement in the first film was minimal at best, but he played very well. In Reloaded, we find that Tank dies after the events of the first film and that he is replaced by a double Jar Jar Binks who could not save his life (you think he's outdated with Kellogg's Corn Flakes). His performance left me giggle, and most of his conversation had no time. It felt overwhelming that he was trying too much to convey his emotions on the screen or that script delivery was stopped; In both cases, the experience was humorous! Sometimes I felt embarrassed as an actor. Even Neo's divine person was suspected in most combat sequences. The fight with 200 Smith agents was certainly exaggerated. You have to ask, for a man as talented as Neo, that he will even lose time to engage in such an unhappy and frivolous struggle when he takes part in more urgent matters (especially when you think of his ability to fly or to his unhappy ability to bend the Matrix for sure, Neo could have sent the clones much faster and more efficiently). Again, such acts are burdensome in a hindered scenario of coherence and scenes created as stuffing to prevent us from feeling prickly. In jest, our expectations of the characters created in the first film are thrown out promptly. Unfortunately, for those who expect more from the same thing - you will certainly go far away feeling disappointing. However, if you take Reloaded as a standard, run-of-the-mill action movie, and forget the incredible inconsistencies of story and the disadvantage of character development already established since the first movie, you should leave the feeling of gratitude.
