I tried to eliminate something that might be considered a spoiler. I also assume you saw the first movie, or at least you knew what it is, so if you do not have some of it, it might not make sense. Plot: This movie beats the audience over the head with tired philosophical ramblings again and again in an attempt to get the theme over. We are bombed again and again by questions about purpose, destiny and choice and are forced to survive long and tortuous pay sessions that contain them. Neo, awakened from a dream in the last film, begins a period of realization of his existence. There are a lot of revelations in this movie, which I will be vague about so they will not look like spoilers. If you are still worried that vague references will spoil the movie, do not read the paragraph below. * <br /> <br /> The strength and weakness of faith are noted. The strengths and weaknesses of love and its temporary character are also revealed. The interdependence between people and technology, as well as our belief in technology, are also revealed. The importance of choice and experience is revealed. Explaining the other things that are revealed would go into too much detail, so I will refrain (as the guide for writing a comment asks). Btw, by "revealed", I mean lost through our ears and eyes like nails. Story: So how does Neo and the gang come from the end of the last movie at the beginning of the next? In short, they preserve their beliefs and use and abuse abusively stylized and bullet-time actions as if they were in style (and after this poster, I hope the filmmakers and producers learn to appreciate the subtlety and originality of the Later). More about that later. In order not to hurt anything, I will only say the promotional material: Neo is still trying to figure out the Matrix and looking for answers while trying to save people and Zion, while the revengers go after him and his cohorts. The movie rises pretty much if the last one is left. Action: While martial arts and gunplay have overturned its predecessor in somewhat equal parts, this film focuses much more on martial arts than the gun, adding swords, sais, etc. to the mixture. The special effects are so often used and waved to the audience that they become very tiring. We discussed this film with friends and colleagues alike and almost all of them found some action sequences - especially the "Smith fight" we all heard in the film - as being too long and boring. This is a huge red flag for action fans because the end of a sequence of action should either let you want a little bit more or be completely satisfied with the wonderful just that has taken place. These battle scenes do not do either. These are over-stylized sections above the top, which are wooden and uninspired. In the first movie, there was a real sense of despair over part of the action, a feeling that the fight was for survival, not only that it looked good (which, frankly, I do not think they had it in Reloaded anyway) in black and skin. Go look at Master Drunken or Monkey Iron after this movie to remind you of what good battle sequences are - you will not regret it. In addition, the "matrix skills" that people have in Reloaded are not consistent and what they actually do is not consistent. The first film had its inconsistencies here, but they were not too brilliant - unlike Reloaded. The special effects are cast and continuous. Every little thing anyone does, whether it's just leap, sommer, spin, and in many cases just to put, slow down, bullet-timed or too accentuated by some sort of destruction. It is obvious that the Broker had a lot of money to throw at this movie and the boys threw it without a real hold. Rhetoric editors could have really helped this, but the first film was such a success that the reign was clearly given, which brings us. . . <br /> <br /> Character and dialogue: I have already said more or less that the dialogue was tired and full of philosophical pleasures. Actors can not really bring a profound character to their character when the script and direction confront the public's face of the evolution of character, or neglects it altogether. The public is at no time given hue and substance so that it can contemplate character on its own. Keanu's performance is at best rigid. Keanu is good at making confusion, and that's all he does in this movie. He makes a decent attempt to show the passion between Neo and the Trinity, but it collapses. Lawrence tries to make Morpheus everything from Moses to Henry V and be as cool as a cat all along. With the script he is offered, he does a noble attempt but also collapses. Moss is not very credible. Her concern is always the same, just like Keanu, and chemistry is not there, though in her physical scenes she falsifies herself well enough. Hugo brought once again the strange feeling of being an Agent program, but he also suffered from the scenario. In fact, I find him as the most interesting character of the beating, but instead of the development, he only makes an excuse for a huge fight battle scene. In total, this film is beyond disappointment if you had good expectations and alone, as an autonomous film (which is not how it should be taken) is still horrible. I do not see the Matrix so profound, but I see at least as a pleasant story, which has some interesting ideas, good action, funny lines and symbolism, and narrow enough narrow lawns to amuse the attention. Reloaded fails in all these aspects and I hope W Bros will give us a better experience in the third installment. Granted, I do not have much hope after this movie.
