Slim, easy to see, but hardly captivating. However, two or three funny moments. What amazed me was how slippery and morally very dubious McNicol is. It plays a handicap (a foot problem), yet it is not only the "ugly gossip" that men avoid, but she is even a man who eats - and we should feel for her! Oh, little McNicol, with the foot problem ... Poor McNicol! It constantly receives men's passages and even escapes them without blinking! On one occasion, she even has a premeditated one-night adventure with a blonde stud and then tells her newly discovered French girlfriend quite non-chalantly that she took time to get an erection! It makes viewers wonder why she is so aware of her leg if every guy wants to beat her. Well, almost every guy; the only guy who really avoided it after seeing the foot wrapped in metal is the guy working on the phone. But otherwise she seems to be doing well with people! Without shyness, unsuccessful with men, and tossing them like toys; the way Carradine threw it was ridiculous. Little poor little girl? I do not think. And yet, we must believe that this woman has a major problem of trust; hence the scene in which he prepares to start playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw the notes from the ground nervously. Nervousness?? The rest of the film shows little or nothing that would suggest that it has problems of trust, so this scene of the flute is absurd and does not fit into the larger picture. I was also surprised at how quickly and impatiently McNicol is making friends with a French woman who cheats a married guy. On the surface, the film seems to be a sentimental story of a struggle to accept a paralyzed woman (or something like that), but it's not like that; the writer turns out clearly between this type of film and a "moving screw - is the kind of 80's" - very confusing. As for her foot: it's not like she has a big, purple fat that grows on her muscles. She has just a regular metallic prosthesis attached to the bottom of her foot, so I do not understand why the filmmakers are trying to look like a Quasimodo woman or something at the beginning of the movie. It's not like having a twin head out of your throat! Although McNicol is not a major catch. Some kind of cutis, but nothing special, quite environmentally friendly. But what the hell is that Carradine plays a kind of flirt with a (relatively) smooth guy with McNicol and her girlfriend ?! This guy was in "The Revenge of the Scoundrels"! But I think it's the same thing with Carradines in movies as with Kennedys in politics: no matter how ugly, incapable or stupid, all doors are open for a career in movies and politics, respectively. > <br /> Down with nepotism. If you want to read fictional biographies about Carradine and other Hollywood nepotists and monsters, contact me by email.
