Another double on a Warner Home Video disc and by far the best of the two films is RKO's great 1950 thriller "Where Danger Loves." This is a memorable classic with an extraordinary cast in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. The film shot in black and white by Nicholas Musuraca was directed by John Farrow. "If Danger Lives" is a prime example of the noir style of imaging and will always be remembered for its elegant craft, which was Hollywood's past (see my full review). Unfortunately, none of the above praise can be applied to the second film on the disk, the MGM 1949 Steam Stress TENSION! Allen Rivkin, directed by John Berry, is filled with ridiculous features and unlikely situations. The inconceivable relationship between a gentle pharmacist and an amazing pharmacist - played out by Richard Baseheart - and his open wife (an outrageous Audrey Totter) is totally implausible and unconvincing (as has ever happened on earth, is the assumption of no one). Then, when she undoubtedly forces one of her colleagues (Lloyd Gough), our shy pharmacist, instead of being euphoric and over the moon with his new luck found, takes revenge and tries to kill Gough, . The guy is killed anyway, and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by Homicide detective Barry Sullivan (another gentle performance). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie you did not care less because it was so badly executed and became ridiculous by director Berry. Mister. Berry has no idea of ​​rhythm and can not even inject a smidge style of style. There is nothing to put in front of the room, which will prevent you from getting your head up! The only TENSION contained in this film is in a rubber band that is stretched to the limit and fits into Barry Sullivan's fingers as he inserts the opening film. So much for that! An unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! The best thing about this turkey is the monochrome cinema smooth by the great Harry Stradling, an effective score by a young Andre Previn and an early dramatic appearance of the wonderful Cyd Charisse before she found her dance shoes. Hey! - Maybe he could have saved the picture if he had given us a few steps and a few pigeons! HUH? In his favor, however, there are extra piles that are included that boast trailers, reviews and featurettes for both films. But the disc is worth it for the classic RKO Mitchum!
