"Memoirs of a Geisha" is a visually striking melodrama that seems to be more like a camp, satire queen love than anything else to do with real people. The first half of the film continues to insist that geishas are neither prostitutes nor concubines, they are the embodiment of traditional Japanese beauty. But other than a staggering dance, the rest of the film degenerates into Pretty Baby on Storyville, or at least Vashti and Esther, in the Purim story, because all the efforts of women to art and artifice aim at distracting many, much older, boys drunkards. Perhaps it is the Japanese culture that is a prostitute and not just for American fans after the Second World War. Perhaps it is the English speaking stalk, but Ziyi Zhang shows only a little of the great flare demonstrated in the "Sha Mian Fuel House" and "Hero (Ying xiong)". Michelle Yeoh occasionally happens to project a glimpse of his guaranteed performance in the movie "Crouching Tiger, Dragon Hidden (Wo hu cang long)". Only Li Gong has a real life. Otherwise, I continued to introduce Charles Ludlam in different roles, or even Cillian Murphy, as well as in the kabuki theater, especially as the plot dragged into the fight for cats after the fight with cats. The alleged love affair does not have zero chemistry, especially because of age differences, and I felt the worst for Ken Watanabe, and we hoped his Hollywood paycheck would be compensated for losing his dignity as a mysterious "president ". I remember more emotions in Jennie's Portrait, while the little girl is eager to grow up in Jennifer Jones to ask Joseph Cotton. We will see brief glimpses of reality when the ghees present with the usual women photographs of the attractions and that an elderly Ziyi Zhang lives in the war years in a very colored kimono operation. The end has no sense of normality. The score includes many traditional cut songs, with cello Yo Yo Ma and violin by Yitzhack Pearlman instead of traditional instruments that are beautiful to listen to the wonderful cinema accompaniment, as long as it completely ignores the plot and a stiff action. As my mind wandered, I wondered how the great Japanese directors of samurai films would have been confronted with this story, it was more formal, but more emotional.
