The problem with the book, "The Memoirs of a Geisha," is that it had Japanese surfaces, but under the surface it was another way of thinking of an American man. Reading the book is like watching a magnificent ballet with music, sets and extraordinary costumes that have been interpreted by barbie animals dressed in those suits - so far from the Japanese thinking methods were the characters. not about Japan or real gee. It's a story about some of the American men's misconceptions about Japan and geisha that have been filtered out by their own ignorance and misconceptions. So what is this movie if it's not Japan or geyser? Is it a pure fantasy as so many people have said? Yeah, but why does it turn into an American fantasy? There have been so many missed opportunities. Imagine a culture where there are no puritanic seizures, no connotations of sin about sex. Sex is natural and normal. How is sex manipulated in this movie? Right. How dirty it was. The closest thing to a sexual scene in the movie has Sayuri shaking his nose and grimace with disgust for five seconds, as if the man trying to catch it had slipped a handful of beetles on her feet. <br /> <br /> Does anyone enjoy sex in this movie? Not. A character is said to be promiscuous, but all we see is that she pushes her boyfriend because she does not seem to want to get caught doing something dirty. Such typical American puritanism does not take place in a film about Japanese geisha. Sayuri enjoyed her first comfort by an old codier after her cherry was auctioned? Not. He sleeps there like a cold meat plate on a cutting block. Of course she should not enjoy it. And that's what I mean about this movie. Why did not they give him something to enjoy? Why all the sex must be sinful and evil? Behind Mameha, the president was Sayuri's secret patron, and as such she was behind her virginity bid. He could have gone bankrupt and won it alone. Nobu did not even offer. So why did he let the president beat the old coder and lift his fingers over the empty body? Would a woman forgive a man for that? Behind Mameha, the president got debt for his geisha training at Sayuri. In order to recover his debts, the president sold Sayuri to Dr. Crab. Through Mameha, the president sold Sayuri's sexual favors to that old man for the president to make some money from her. The president was not her patron. It was stupid! A romantic love story. Yes, the movie is great, but it's like the beauty of a loving, appealing transvestite whose voice, looks and touch are thrilling. But under that very feminine surface there is a threatening secret. Under the Japanese surface that appears incorrectly, it is hidden the menacing secret that the heart, soul, spirit and core of this film are entirely American and masculine. It's not the best thing to be if it's trying to be anything but a lie, distortion and terribly wrong. Some contrasts between Japan and MOAG: Japanese style? A refined and elegant simplicity. MOAG style? Beijing Opera. <br /> <br /> Japanese Geisha ??? The hair swept. MOAG geisha ?? Thick hair, which must surely have gotten into the throat of the white makeup paste. Japanese-Japanese ice - Japanese are quite strict in terms of seasonal observance. Ice race is strictly a summer treat. MOAG race race - The president buys Chiyo, the young Sayuri played by the wonderful Suzuka Ohgo, this treatment during the cherry blossoming season. The thought made my whole body cool with ice. <br /> <br /> Japanese Geisha? Trainers trained and skilled. MOAG geisha - curve. Chinese Japanese wind - Used in the summer because it hears the sound it makes, because of the breeze, the Japanese people feel somewhat cooler. MOAG wind - a door bell! If a person stood in front of someone else's house and made noises with a noisy wind, he would be considered a fool, he had no entrance. Japan? Focus on human, group-oriented relationships. MOAG ?? "I want a life that is mine" American individualism. <br /> <br /> Traditional Japanese Dance? Elegantly refined. An almost geometric and mechanical precision. MOAG dance ?? Martha Graham scares LSD while wearing a white Japanese burial cover that is not very good. Made by a geisha on a ramp in a place that looks like a strip club? Ha ha ha! Is it a strip club where they did most of their geisha research? Japan fire house? Establishing or even releasing a fire is worse than crime because it is such a serious threat to the community. Fires can break through those villages of wood, towns and cities, destroying hundreds or thousands of homes and killing as many people as possible. MOAG Fire House - Great adjuvant to a battle scene, but there are zero ramifications and because there is no need for the unexpected control fire it is taken out alone. From a technical point of view, the film ended here because at least Sayuri would have been ostracized and would join her sister among those who did not hear again. Arthur Golden and Rob Marshall should be exiled here. Enough. The film smells.
