Robin Cook's comedy novel "Coma" had already been transformed into a quite successful film in 1978. A few years later, it was the turn of another best-selling Robin Cook to get the treatment on the big screen, but in the case of the "Sphinx" go wrong it does not go wrong. This is an awesome adventure film, made up of wood performances, stupid dialogue, unbelievable characters and lead rhythm. The only reason why it misses a rating of 1 out of 10 is that the Egyptian background offers infinitely more fascination than the story itself. It's hard to believe that Franklin J. Schaffner (from "Patton" and "The Planet of the Monkeys") is the director behind this disaster. Egiptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on a working holiday in Cairo when she stops at the store of antique merchant Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi is friends with Erica and is impressed with his enthusiasm and knowledge. Consequently, he shows him a beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Pharoah Seti I, which he secretly stores in his store. The very existence of the statue causes intense emotions in Erica as it could provide vital clues to the location of Seti I's long lost tomb, a prize as large as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. Before Hamdi tells Erica is brutally murdered in his shop, with Erica looking in terror in silence when he meets his terrible end. Eager, still afraid of what she saw, Erica tries to discover the treasure. She feels helped and hindered in her search for various other parties, none of whom are truly trustworthy. For one there is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), apparently a friend, but maybe a man with sinister hidden motives? Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels a certain attraction but can also conceal dangerous secrets from her. The biggest problems with the "Sphinx" generally result from its total does not consider plausibility. Down can not be less convincing than a female egiptologist? she is supposed to be pretty well-educated and resourceful, yet she spends the entire movie screaming helplessly like bumboy bumps out of a teenage blow. On those rare occasions when she is not actually run by a wicked potential, she does other brainless things like taking Polaroid flash photos into a 4,000-year-old tomb! Overturning the plot is hard to say at least, mainly involving revelations and double-crosses that can be anticipated long before. You can not even try to enjoy the movie at a freak but fun level because the pace of motion is terrible. What little action can be found is separated from long stretches of tedium. A famous magazine of the film said: "The Sphinx is moving!" There has never been a 2-hour movie in 2 words.
