This film has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just a chance. The story refers to a true and hidden tomb hidden in the Valley of the Kings, King Seti I, the second pharaoh of the 19th dynasty, the period of the new kingdom. It's not a bad thread, and much of the movie is shot on the spot. Even the Luxor Hotel Winter Palace's lobby scenes were really shot there, not in a studio. The two things per unit are endless and must have been left in Egypt for a few weeks. Frank Langella is really very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should take it as a side line. The film is mainly ruined by one of the most irritated actresses in the world, Lesley Anne Down, who plays the lead role. She spends her whole movie wondering what she looks like, her blue eyes refract the light at the right angle, make all the lusts behind her, etc. After she began life as a model at the age of ten, what hope could be for her? It describes everything that is most revolting to feminine vanity and weak inanity. And to think that this movie was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an Oscar for "Patton"! He allows this terrible actress to drink and feel a hysterical moment through the film, flirting the next, in a sort of stupid hurricane, while spinning from one man to the other, screaming or looking at the bedroom, not matter. She should be a young Egyptologist. But he has never been to Egypt again! She takes a taxi to Giza and deprives the first images of the pyramids, burst into ecstasy: "But they are so great!" Barf! Okay, so it was the script, but she goes to banality too light, giving the impression it is her natural element, which I do not doubt for a minute. The elements in the story are solid. There is, indeed, a serious problem with a black market of antiquities there. True! Very good! Robin Cook's novel, which I have not seen, may be OK for everything I know. It was fun to see Cyril Swern's name as a film director, as I've known him a long time ago. Katharina, passionate daughter of Stanley Kubrick, is described as "draswswoman." I wonder what that means? Maybe he did something. Anyway, the antiquities in the movie are pretty good. And we get to see a lot of the Cairo Museum and many picturesque locations. In fact, they enter the tomb of King Tutankhamun! I do not imagine he would have allowed a movie today. Many inappropriate scenes take place in mosques. That would not work well today, but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda. Music for the movie is absolutely awful, worse than Lesley Anne Down actually! But there were sound elements that were surprisingly authentic, one being the cacophony of traffic noise in Cairo, which is accurately rendered in the background, and would make anyone who knows Cairo chuckle nervously. Also, the loudspeaker calls for prayer all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why did not they do that well? It could have been good.
