I agree with most of the comments I have seen in writing. I grew up looking at Seseme Street before many of those who wrote observations were born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when Street Seseme was on TV. The show taught me the Counts, Spelling (Muppet) and Life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I do not really understand why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change in a way, but to make Cookie Monster a "veggie monster" to promote a healthy diet. The show has introduced new characters and monsters from the beginning, why not make a separate "monster veggie" that speaks / discusses the benefits of eating a variety of Cookie Monster. But, back to my point. I grew up with the eyes at the beginning of Seseme Street, now my 20-year-old daughter grew up in the SS vision with me along, and we talked about Mr Hooper's death even though he died before he was born , topics on the show. I saw the episode as an older child and still remember how well the event portrayed, just like real life. And I'm sure it hit the distribution extremely hard, because all deaths and losses affect families. You have seen this at the show and allowed parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The show spoke about traditional families, adoptive families and combined families. It is one of the few shows that discuss these scenarios. Now I have a 5-year-old daughter who does not really look at the SS. I've been trying to watch the show a few times, but it really is not what it was. Elmo 1/2 hours with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people have said, they preach nothing. It's intended for less than 18 months (maybe), and it's not even funny. I always thought I was looking at SS as a child, a teenager and an adult with my baby. Now, in the second round, I feel very hard to look at the SS. Topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new neighborhoods, removal were related to children and adults in an easily understandable way and related to 2-99 year olds. Now, there are no TED concepts, minimum counting, just the occasional mention of the alphabet. It's not the same SS, from an original observer of the show. ANSWER, if the producers at the show read these comments, return the show to the foundation. The new concepts have never been a problem with the SS, they have just used a better way to include them in the show.
