If you want to see a movie that terribly unites a Latin country with any other Latin country, "The Celebration of Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Perú, not even in his most violent times, showed too many politics or soldiers this movie. This has shown a country like El Salvador, when the civil war. Because I am a Peruvian who lives in Lima (the capital of Perú Province), it was too fun to see the policemen here, everywhere and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Perú and you want or want to be a taxi driver, post a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the front window of your car and drive freely in Peruvian streets (there are taxi companies but their rates are quite expensive). There is no need for a yellow or white / black tape on the car doors. Well, the taxis in this movie have that band, something you'll never see in Perú. 3. Peruvian people are not Caribbean-style clothing. For example, when a taxi driver came out wearing a Guayabera homemade shirt, a white hat and 40 mustaches like Clark Gable. No Peruvian man looks like this, please! Perú is not the Caribbean! 4. A scene shows a woman on a street with a fairly long skirt, like typical Latin American folklore dresses. Take a stroll anywhere in Perú and you will never find a woman wearing that, unless you look at a typical dance. 5. The singer could have been better: I can not deny that Héctor Elizondo is a great actor, but he is not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother in Puerto Rico but was born in New York) is not fluent. It is known that Spanish is not his first language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could have been interpreted as Cardinal Sebastián. Petrus Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a poor choice for a "Latin police officer". It was so fun to see Elizondo and Petronius in General Rodríguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class, making every effort to pronounce Spanish. Definitely unsuccessful. Castulo Guerra was better in Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer who announced Cardinal Sebastián spoke of a rather funny Spaniard. There are very good peruvian actors such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (just to mention two of many Peruvian actors) who could have done very well. 6. I admit that a fictional film can be free to invent cities or even countries. But, please, when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: The city portrayed in this film should have been called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name, and Viciente has never been used. 7. I disagree with a user who says that this film was shot in Perú. No location is peruvian, although production has used excess posters that show "Inca Kola", peruvian soda. Because not a few American films, it must have used a Latin country. After all, for US manufacturers or executives, a Latin place is the same as any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Perú, he should arrive at the only international airport in Perú: Jorge Chávez Airport (in the capital of Lima). In fact, believe me, there must be any airport in the world, but the Peruvian airport. And, of course, there are no military policemen or cops in Peru's airports. 9. When John takes a room in a hotel in Peru, he has a fan and obviously has no air conditioning. Please, this is not the case in any hotel in Perú (and other Latin countries) if you do not get a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels fighting the government are ... ¡Columbians! Their focus was undoubtedly from Colombia. To throw them away, the producers would have had to hire Peruvian actors. With a few words, it would have been cheaper to shoot in Perú. I could go with several examples from this movie, which made me give him a "1" (terrible) vote, but I fell asleep after about 20 minutes from the beginning. But dear producers: It's not a tragedy: there are many bad movies with few mistakes. Just to remember "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and the indescribable Disney "Emperor's new groove". The list of bad movies can be endless ...
