I went to see this film with a crowd that consisted predominantly of "spiritual" New Age types, which, quite differently from me, enjoyed this film very much - although, according to those who have also known, the book (there seems to be a book that contains more of this nonsense), the movie is not as good. So, if you tend to think of yourself as "spiritual," you believe or at least you can tolerate things like "aura" and "astral body" and you do not mind the frequent use of the term "energy" outside of the physical context or technology, you may like the movie and probably enjoy more of the book on which it is apparently based. However, if you are more in touch with the physical universe, to suspend mistrust is easily exhausted by the inherent nesses of the New Age and the parcels based on them, if in addition to having a low tolerance for the lighting effects of cheese to call the events of spirituality and maybe even wait for a reasonable non-wood action, then this is my recommendation to you about this movie: Wait. Achieve your. Do not even think about it. Tonight, this movie has changed Dungeons and Dragons as the worst movie I've ever seen in a cinema (not many movies I've visited hoping to be bad, such as Plan 9, etc.). At the same time, he raised the total of movies that we almost came to two (D & D being the other one). I do not go to the movies, not even that, but it should have been when I first saw the visual image of an aura, because BS New Age continues to grow thicker and thicker. <br /> The plot is about a group of people who engage with old prophecies in search of spiritual enlightenment and aim to bring mankind to the next step in its evolution. Or something like that. They actually talk about the fact that these spiritual things represent the next step in human evolution, which should make anyone who has even the slightest idea of ​​what evolves human evolution. The film is full of shock as well. Occasionally people are heading for what they would definitely describe as "another dimension," or maybe "another plane," just to become invisible to those around you who have not yet come to enlightenment. Finally, the director patronizes the audience by turning the "depth" that makes the prophecy, painfully slow, probably to memorize them and leave the cinema as better, brighter individuals. <br /> <br /> Good stuff about the movie? Some beautiful photos and some decent interpretations by Elizondo and Almeida. I can honestly say that it seriously affects my ability to take a person seriously if I find this movie interesting or acceptable. It's really the most naive spiritism, and if it's not your thing, you better do something else with your time and money.
