The film offers a fairly condensed version of what is contained in the book, which, as far as I can say, doing some research and verifying the fact of the investigation is largely a fictional work. In fact, there are no ancient scrolls and, if the author has been pressed, I'm sure he will have to admit that he has never looked at any of the old Aramaic scrolls found in Peru. These "valuable" texts, written as usual by the anonymous, were destroyed by the evil "haters of truth" in the church and in the local government. That's kind of weird, because all kinds of New Age fools come out every year - hundreds of books, dozens of movies - and the Roman Catholic church does not seem to be inclined to destroy the movement they probably see as they do it , a total doodie hook. I'm not a fan of the church, I remember, but at least the old texts on which faith is based are real. It is a typical pattern of deceptive artists and religious hucksters claiming to have seen or translated old documents that, unfortunately, were destroyed by "bad" people or in the case of Joseph Smith, were taken back to Heaven once translated . Therefore, real texts can not be found in any museum such as the Smithsonian, nor the translations verified by experts in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scam. In a sense, I admire someone smart enough to come up with a great idea and make millions of it, but I could not do it myself, because I do not want to mislead the public with more much Hokum New Age. > <br /> Occasionally, a true ancient text is hidden and lost for years. The gospel of Judas, a Gnostic text, was discovered after the carbon dating and the diligent study of the text, considered authentic by the experts. The Gospel of Judas was mentioned as a heretic around the year 300. No church document of that time mentions any Celestine prophecy as authentic, heretical or anything else. We are evolving towards something-so true-but the optimism in the Celestine Prophecy is based on nothing but fiction and lies, and a philosophy built on a lie, like a castle built on sand, will collapse. The harsh, ugly, overpopulated, cruel of Blade Runner is more likely than what will be above the Horizon than a certain Utopian Hippie community where everything is love and peace! I tell people the truth and I hate, but tell them what they want to hear, even if they are simply and can make millions. Celestine prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Too bad it's a castle built on the sand. Do not get me wrong. I wish God, Celestine Vision was reality, but it is not. No ancient philosophy at any moment expressed the ideas given in Insights with the modern concept of spiritual evolution that goes hand in hand with biological evolution. These New Age ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwininan Evolution was known. This means that the ideas of the Celestine prophecies can not be older than those of the eighteenth century, and they do not return in the early days of BCC or near the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of claim from New Agers is not at all unusual. Wiccans claims magic and witchcraft - the "old religion" returns to the Stone Age, when in fact no shadow books were known before Gerald Gardner who lived in the 1900s and was Aleister Crowley's friend. New Age gurus tell lies and pretend that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when the ancients showed their nose to such absurdities that are now predicted by Gurus. Why do I do what I do to commit such frauds? Simple: there are millions of dollars to be made, and the modern guru gets the power over his descendants. They compete fiercely and have a strong hatred for their competition, despite their claims of love for all things. Every bitter of the New Age opposes the others. It's a battle for your mind and your wallets. But you learn something from me, which is in fact similar to one of the insights, taught to follow your own instincts and look for guidance from within. That I can agree with all my heart.
