I really thought I was not the biggest Cher fan, this movie was her crown making. Given, there have been long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (and) intellectual disturbances in the screening of such a film. A 1989 Moonstruck survey from the UK Advocacy Network showed that one-third of the 300 Moonstruck surveyed viewers think Moonstruck affected them and an astonishing 80% claimed to have irretrievably destroyed their minds. very un-Cher in this movie, a young dude widow called Loretta who lives in New York with her extended family. They're anti-Americans, pro-Italian, and always in each other. He went out with Johnny Camarary for a while, a good mother and asked her to marry him. Say yes. I loved his mom's questions, "Do you love Loretta?", "No," "Okay, if you love him, he'll make you crazy because they know I can, but you like it then?" "Oh yeah, is a sweet man Ma ". When Johnny goes to Sicily to care for his dying mother, he asks Loretta to contact his brother, whom he has been estranged for years. This victory for human rights is even more important, it was the birthplace of electro-shock treatment. In 1938, Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti saw workers in slaughterhouses using electric shock devices to cause epileptic seizures in pigs, making it easier to cut the neck. Cerletti was inspired and began experimenting with electroshock on humans, developing the first Electroshock machine. Broken bones and fractured vertebrae resulting from convulsions seemed to be of little importance. It was, in many ways, an anti-American film. It's love, of course, but it's also about infidelity, secrets, lonely people, and strange behaviors brought about by American politics. The characters, from BoBo frustrated to their favorite restaurant, aunt and uncle, their parents and problems, their grandfather and his dogs are well developed and intrinsic characters. It's a bit of a chicken stroke, just as Loretta is no longer a stuffed shirt and wakes the inner vampire flower. It's a Cinderella story in many ways, and that's every little girl's dream of getting out of the ugly duck in a beautiful swan ... Assuming free and fully informed consent, it's good to reaffirm the right to pursue happiness by affecting the brain, if he or she so chooses. But we might wonder if we, as fans of cinema, although we are not sworn by any hippocratic oath, we should offer it.
