Disney has made direct-to-video sequels to a bunch of animated features. Two of these were made for their 1991 classic, "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these are not really sequelae, because both are located between the events of the first movie. The first of these two direct-to-video movies was "Beauty and the Beast: Excited Christmas," which seems to be despised by some fans of its theatrical predecessor, but I think it can usually be expected with sequels. However, this second, "Belle's Magical World," is certainly inferior. The film has three short stories, all taking place while Belle is in the castle, and the place is under the spell of the wizard. The first is the "Perfect Word," where a misunderstanding between Belle and Bestie leads to trouble and does not want to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly," where Fifi and Lumiere's fifth anniversary approaches, and Lumiere is unprepared, so Belle helps. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing romance with Belle and thinks they are in fact in love. The movie ends with "The Broken Wing". In this story, Belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle will probably mean trouble if the beast finds out as he hates the birds! <br /> <br /> The description of the plot I gave is for the original VHS of the third Disney movie "Beauty and the Beast". Apparently, in the DVD version, there is another added story called "Mrs. Potts Party", but I only saw the original version. However, since I doubt that a story will look like a classic over the rest, I do not see any point to watch the special edition. However, the first thing I'll say about "Belle's Magical World" is that the animation is very 2-dimensional compared to what we got used to Disney, which would obviously disappoint a lot of people. I did not like "Beauty and the Beast: Excited Christmas" so much, but you certainly can not say the same thing about its animation. I'm sure the stories in "Belle's Magic World" might have fun for many kids (especially young people, I think), and each story has a moral enough to teach valuable lessons. However, for adults, the film does not have much. I personally did not find any good humor, I found that the constant conflict between Belle and Bestie was tedious and the story did not impress me at all (they are not very well written). In the "Perfect Word", how Belle tells the beast: "You act rude ... and crazy!" is a bit cheesy, and I think there are other moments of cheese in these stories. Until the first direct video came out, I was eleven or twelve. I do not know what I would have thought about that time, because I lost interest in Disney until then, and it would have been a few years before I regained this interest. Even when this movie was released for the first time, I think we have passed a little from the age group it was intended for. I have never seen "Beauty and the Beast: Enchanted Christmas" until a few months ago, but unlike this movie, I have not even heard of it until recently, after seeing the first sequel to Disney's 1991 hit. Well, as much as I like the theatrical original, I would not have missed much if I did not become aware of the existence of this movie. For small children, I'm sure "Belle's Magical World" can be extremely fun and probably somewhat educational with morale, but I do not recommend it to adult Disney fans.
