This is correct! Under 9 on average but maybe under 12 for others! I was 11 years old when I first saw it on the film, and in such young people I could not see the cartoon quality or the fact that those classical characters we all loved are not the same or good to see. Just about everything is so 2D here! Belle is, I agree, not even beautiful, but only a smooth-skinned woman, wearing the same brilliant blue dress all the way, without a glamorous dress, Garderoba is the smallest, annoying - ears I could bleed if I had to listen to her everyday! Lumiere, both in the original and in the Christmas, was suave and stylish, but here is an angry, unpleasant! Cogsworth, despite being a housekeeper who is not stupid, is a complete shit and the most unbearable character I say! He always seems to find the closure of that ice gang that could not realize it was very difficult in this case and whose watch face should have been used to return in time to the unforgettable movie of this series ! Poor, poor Mrs. Potts was not brought to life by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actresses), but by Anne Rogers, who did not capture any of Mrs. Potts' characters without an offense for her! Not if he did the best! When the beast whines, it sounds so horribly false, with no noises, noises or microphone grunts. I am aware that this is only a third feature after two other movies, so of course it would not be as good, but I'm sure a bigger contribution would not hurt Disney artists who really did so of remarkable animation styles over the years. It's good, I think, and I look at it sometimes, though only when I'm fine. It's hard to make a recommendation because you read this because it depends on how old you are, but remember that it will not be what you can expect from previous spectacular movies! And I think in my video the text on the back cover said "boast brilliant animation"! It's a nice movie, but for one thing it's also extremely poor and for another, the three words should have been saved for the next revival of the original!
