SPOILER WARNING: There are some minor spoilers in this review. Do not read beyond the first paragraph if you are going to see the movie. Disney Channel currently has a policy of making a lot of movies and displaying once a month on the cable channel. Most of these are mediocre and unusual, with some good elements, but still a disappointment ("Phantom of the Megaplex," "Stepsister From Planet Weird," "Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century"). Once in a long time, I'm doing something really great ("Genius", "The Other Me"). But from time to time, Disney Channel makes a huge mistake and gives us a real stinker. This month (December 2000), Disney Channel presented "Ultimate Christmas Present", which I thought terrible because of poor writing and worse act. Apparently, "The Brainiacs.com" was defeated a few days before Christmas to make a jump on holiday because the plot has to do with the toys. They even paid for a feature in the TV Guide, so I thought it had to be better than the norm. I was in a full shock. Only Disney's "Behavior" was worse than that. The plot was more than touched. I usually left it on the slide, but here it goes too far. Matthew Tyler gets sick of his widow's father, who spends most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that took big loans at a scrupulous bank to stay on the waterline. From time to time, his father has to give up the plans he does with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his father is if he becomes the boss and orders him to stay home. He gets a brain idea to create a website where kids around the world can find and send a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister invents. This concept is full of errors. When children send in millions of dollars, Matthew opens the bank account of his own company and buys most of his father's actions. He is the secret boss, but he does not reveal this to his father, but he shows up at board meetings as a cartoon through a computer. The picture itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for someone to create it at home, much less anyone who meets as stupid as Matthew. To make a short short land, Matthew orders his father to spend more time having fun and doing things with his children, but a federal agent looks inquiries about Matthew's company because it's fraudulent. very wrong here. As I mentioned, the things they do here are impossible even for the true geniuses that these children do not have. The web site, the cartoon image, the computer image, and even the things it teaches at school are far too advanced for these children. Actually, most of the cast, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the owner of evil, but his part is a throw. She has a good scene with Alexandra Paul (who shows she has the ability to act) explaining her reasons, but nothing. And Rich Little is wasted in a small role as a judge. There are even some offensive and unclear anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest atrocities are the difficult themes. These themes appear in many of the Disney Channel movies, but these ultra-conservative messages have never been hit so hard. The typical idea of ​​a "overpriced parent" is really pushed hard, and when it is delivered inappropriately in the "Last Christmas Gift", seeing it again, it provokes my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney has to stop this endless preaching because work is also important for maintaining a viable family. Except for the cancellation of work activities, the father did not feel so bad, but it seemed offensive to me when her grandmother said, "I do not like what I see." Equally bad is the preaching of the idea that all single parents MUST marry if they want to raise their children straight. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, though important to the plot, is just to be the interest of love for the father. This offensive demonstrates only that Disney's brain does not have the brain to avoid scratching the bottom of the Disney script barrel. Instead of letting this movie teach your children how to commit serious fraud, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It has to be better than that. Zantara's score: 1 out of 10.
