I did not know much about this movie before watching it, but I heard it was related to quantum physics, so I'm interested. What I did not know is that this is NOT a story, but a bunch of New Age souls who love the sound of their voice, talking about how little they know about basic quantum mechanics. I say it belongs more in Documentary than Comedy or Drama. Marlee Matlin is in the movie to give this New Age * symphony a sort of story. Her portions of the film are terrified and are meant to display the speaker's thoughts so that we do not die of boredom. Matlin has a real job as a photographer, unlike the New Age hippie that collapses on her sofa. We come to listen to unnamed people who deal with what quantum physics "means" to them. The only bright spot in this movie was the speaker in India (I suppose), but I think she appeared for the wrong movie. It turns out that Barbara Eden has let her go and she continues and how quantum science has something to do with her mad beliefs of the New Age. It seems that Quark from DS9 has dropped in cash and also makes a short appearance in the movie. There are a lot of CGI whizbang that we should be impressed with; the cells in the body are shown as dance molds, because filmmakers have seen Flubber too many times. People in the film say the people of Arawak in San Salvador believed Columb Pinta's ship was invisible because the natives have never seen any haircuts, as if today's people had any way of knowing. Of course, they are giving up all this information and saying only that "Columbus ships were invisible to the Indians in America." The film takes many arrogant jumps. Thomas Young made a two-slit experiment around 1805 and found that light may seem like a particle part of time, and a wave of some time. Of course you would not have known this from watching this stupid film, because the only reference to it is that "atoms can be particles and waves." And this must mean that people can go through the walls, walk on the water, and they will not become old if they want only a star! Then I'm sure Marlee Matlin might not be deaf anymore if she * thought * loud enough. I'm sarcastic, but this movie is full of false hopes and beliefs that people who assist them do not have them. They are kooki New Age who have embraced quantum theory as though she reaffirms everything they think about meditation, zero point energy, crystal healing, etc. If these snake oil sellers really believed the nonsense they were selling, they could not just * want their salaries instead of appearing in a joke in a movie? We come to listen to another unnamed man, without identity papers we know about, to speak on his couch in front of a fireplace (or TV screen) about how he creates his own life. Every time he was on the screen, I wanted someone to hurry and throw a pie in front. These people are taking too seriously. Another type of balding in a suit says that no one touches anything, because there is a magnetic force that prevents it from quantum level. If only someone had climbed the screen and pushed him into the stomach, screaming, "I do not touch you, I do not touch you!" A moral relativist in the film claims that there is no good or bad thing. So is it obvious that Hitler killed millions of Jews to death? Another person says there is "no such thing as love". It's just a chemical, and we really do not love people, we're just addicted to the chemical agitation that we have when we're around them. I guess this guy makes this movie a community service because he's a heroin addict for so many years. We are witnessing a truly pathetic sequence in which two young adults walk around a wedding reception, seeing everything as RoboCop. They evaluate whether women are cows, dogs or foxes, and a sexual position appears on the soda. Marlee Matlin gets drunk at the wedding she was supposed to photograph, and the next day she decides to love and bathe because it's a beautiful, unique snowflake. I liked it when the film said people often find evidence for their pre-designed notions. Perhaps in this review I only see what I want to see, but I TRULY wanted to see these people make pies in the face and never happened. If you have never heard of any of the ideas presented in the previous movie, you can find them interesting, but there are better sources for all the ideas here. If you want to watch a good movie that talks about Heisenberg's uncertainty, go to The Man Who Not There. If you want to read a good book about the quantum field theory, read the Hyperspace by Michio Kaku. If you want to see a movie that talks about different philosophies with imaginative imagery, see Waking Life (though you may sometimes feel boring, self-important and pretentious). Generally, you should go and read Quantum Psychology or Prometheus Rising by Robert Anton Wilson instead of wasting your time with this movie. Normally, I have a very hard time giving movies a score of 1 to 10, but this was very easy for me: 1/10 Stars. The title of the movie is true. People in this movie do not know # $ *! Hands down, the worst movie I've ever seen.
