I agree with some of the other critics of this film. I found it incredibly bad (at best) and even misleading, misinformed and harmful (at worst). Like others, I found this film as a terrible combination of "real" and pseudoscientific science, propagating New Age. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, I was particularly offended by Candace Pert's contributions. True, I was not her fan before this film, but her speech on cell "consciousness" was one of the best examples of taking a term ("consciousness") that has a predictable meaning for most people and uses it in in a distorted manner so as to make it observe rather than clarify. It is an old Orwellian-f ** k that the master himself described so well in the superb essay "Politics and English". To refer to "consciousness" in this way - indeed, to refer to this film as "science-based" in general (which is its clear intent) is to use the language in the same way used by Stalin when the state of slavery the "democratic republics" and Hitler when he called his party a movement of "socialist workers". I do not pretend to really understand quantum physics. I know enough about this to know that to truly understand that it would require a considerable study. Ah, but we, Americans, love our "instant enlightenment," and that's what this mistake of a movie is trying to accomplish. If the expected questions are one thing, clearly try to ask and answer them, which no one could do because we are far away, away from the answers (if there really is). By the way, ethically, this film needed a declaration of inconsistency about the association of several "expert commentators" with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention by JZ Knight, who often speaks in her voice "Ramtha". (I am always amazed at this understanding of the 10,000-year-old superhuman, conceptual and terminology of the 21st century. But again, this film claims that the past, present and future are all one and the same, so if Ramtha existed in Atlantis with 10 Thousands of years ago, I suppose there might be now and tomorrow, only how, then, how his financial advice was so bad for his descendants? Oh, I forgot, I am the creator of good and bad advice, so it's my fault, not Ramtha.) What a mess.
