A safe no. A NO resounding. This film is an absolute dock. After being highly recommended by a friend of mine in this genre, I watched this film with some anticipation of being informed, changed, moved, uplifted, and all the other positive mystical things that might happen to me when I suddenly see the Truth. Now it would seem that someone is already prone to poo-pooing anything that deals with the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical limits of existence. Believe me, I'm not such a person. I try to be open about any presentation and then decide accordingly. In terms of content, the only thing I found to be interesting and informative was the little thing about peptides, emotions, dependence, and cellular receptors. This was the only "unifying" element I could find in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary shed a lot of themes and never seemed to unite and cooperate, try to tie and end up to a point. And what were all the things about native Americans who could not see the ships Columbus came to? Who told the "authorities" in this film that this was what happened in 1492? Where are they there? If you compare this to scientific work in visual knowledge (the famous video about gorillas, for example, visit the Visual Cognition Lab at Illinois University website), a more convincing point could have been made. Here, however, it seemed like a mysterious mumbo-jumbo unbearable. As a movie: it was not a movie, there were two. I found the documentary part a little interesting, just to hear people talking about what they were talking about (I was angry that their credentials were not presented at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least initially!) But I found the "story" part of the film with Matlin in her annoying, disjoined, intrusive, non-tied and even stupid. This about the Polish wedding with this dance was not funny. He was ridiculous, ridiculous, sophomoric and stupid. And we found the use of the word "Pollack" offensive. It seemed, however, so misleading and wrong. Is such a good use because a group member uses a pejorative term to refer to the group because it is a member of the group? Perhaps it would be good to make a point, but it did not seem to be used here. And anyway, I do not care what reason, I offended a Pol. I never call myself or I do not refer to my ethnic past as "Pollack." And I certainly do not like the others. Can I watch or listen to a conversation that uses this term? Chicken bet! But again this does not seem to be the case here. It did not look so good. Unprovoked, unfounded. The act was absurd. Elaine Hendrix's performance was totally unbelievable. Sometimes it seemed he was just reading the lines that had just been given to him. Marlee Matlin, for the most part, seemed to be a sleep that was going through this whole thing. Perhaps it was embarrassed by the material. I know that I am. If he had to show disillusioned dissatisfaction, worried about anxiety, he did not seem to click. But by far the worst in the world was Hendrix! On the whole, I realized it was a piece of trap that had nothing to do with it.
