Well, what I can say. "What Bleep we know" made it almost impossible - leaving behind such masterpieces of the genre as "The Postman," "The Dungeon Master," "Merlin," and so, the fourth, will go down in history as the most bad movie I've ever seen. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is really impressive, because I have seen many bad movies. This masterpiece of modern cinema consists of two interspersed parts, alternating between a bad and controversial story about an extremely annoying photographer, abandoned by her husband and forced to survive antidepressants, and a bunch of talks on how quantum physics justifies the pseudo-philosophy of their new agents. Basically, if you begin to meditate nowadays like Enya and Kenny G, this movie is for you. If you have a sense of humor, a lot of people who know how to have fun and a good part of good weeds, then this movie is for you too. Otherwise, stay away. Take my word for this. The first thing that hit me about "What You Know Bleep" is that it seemed to be edited and put together by the same people who shoot cheap camera weddings, complete with pink heart effects, computer flicker on screen and other assimilated impecabilities. Whoever leaves these people anywhere near a theater show is a mystery to me. I think that's what makes you too much Kenny G. The film was penetrated by GCI cheese, which you can produce on your own computer through video editing software, but it was never because it's just ridiculous. the script was clearly written by someone without written experience. Not only were all the characters and conversations heavy and contradictory beyond belief, but the "writers" felt they should have collected all the relevant information, or rather the misinformation about which most of the film was all the way down your neck. Well, given the target audience, you might not have been too bad for an idea. The main character, for example, spends half of the filming pills. It seems, however, that it was not convincing enough, so there are at least two lifelong dialogues, especially about anti-anxiety pills, only if viewers should not be able to connect pain and suffering the little white pills she takes whenever she feels down. Actually ... Well, I saw a better action in Ed Wood movies, and no, it's not an exaggeration. Heck, the little piece we were at the age of 12 was much more inspired than that. It really was. The story is interrupted here and there with a talking or random head, a strange mixture of scientists, creatures, doctors and self-proclaimed mystics, go on and how quantum physics involves an "explanation" of how the man or the woman have created their own reality only by participating in the experience of life. Reality, you see, is a field of probabilities of a variety of different possibilities and is put into stone only after the observer has chosen to observe it. What happens when more than one observer notices that they did not say, but again who cares. Listen to Enya, meditate, observe, and you will be God, and no one will fuck such stupid and archaic things as critical thinking, logic, etc. All the reasons are immediately rejected because people are stuck in their ways and fail to get "paradigm shift" and "go down the rabbit hole." In addition, the principle of uncertainty in Heidelberg is supposed to be positive proof of alternative realities, parallel universes and the like. Speaking of the rabbit holes, the analogy penetrates the film. All of these people continue to talk about going down rabbit holes. I'm not sure what to do with anything they said or looked like, but one thing I'm sure about is that it's somewhat anal sex. Actually, the movie is extremely anti-sex. Over time, sex is portrayed as dirty, nasty and anti-illuminated. In any case, the talk speaks, the main character touches harmony and enlightenment by painting hearts all over her body with a magical marker, and begins to walk around with a look even amazing in her glazed eyes over it began with. I want 2 hours of my life back. Here are some random quotes that I remember: <br /> <br /> "What I think is unreal has become more real to me, and that which I have considered to be real is a lot or much less true than unreal. " - Some people talk about the spirituality of quantum physics. "What makes one man have an erection? He needs only one thought ... Nothing changes outdoors, all changes are inside. One still has an erection" - Some have been proclaimed mystic, the head of the school own illumination. [Look at the mirror] "I hate you, I hate you fat, you're ugly!" - the main character, the fat and ugly photographer.
