It seems that the producers of this film had trouble deciding what message was really. As a result, they had more problems to offer. They began by inappropriately describing the principles of quantum physics that refer to sub-atomic particles. Having established a fuzzy image of Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle, they presented a barrage of speech heads that built a case of ridiculous logic that intimates that every living person is an entity that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about ideas that Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins made their career: positive thinking, interrupting evil models, always gazing at the shining part, etc. Then came a little about how our brain can change our body's protein production: hormones that we, more or less, choose to create. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's so simple, is not it? Stretching with our lessons, we follow the fictional life of Amanda, a photographer who sets off antidepressants and hates his thighs. Film makers slowly, but certainly try to bring us all to say, "Hey, Amanda, hang on!" Why can not it be increased? Obviously, this is because the world is a bad place in which there is crime, poverty and religion, that's why. The film's conclusion (which is in fact the entire half) has brought a contradiction barrage. We are all part of a whole energy in which we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are individuals that can change the world, but there are many of us because of all the different dimensions, but we can choose who we are and we have a goal to do well, but there is no god because there is nothing better than we are, so there is no good or bad, so there is no reward or punishment, so nothing good has ever come out of religion, but we should do well anyway, even if there is no bad and good thing because there is no one to decide what it is, except that each of us can do good life if we meditate and then the crime will cease, and if we say beautiful things, our water will freeze in fairly beautiful forms. Still with me? Okay, because there's more. According to Robert L. Park, in his book "Voodoo Science," the entire meditation experiment implemented by John Hagelin in Washington, DC was a farce, the numbers were taught, and the crime rate was higher than the year ,. And what about your positive attitude, preserving your youth and health? This was a message from an elderly man who looked at his age and a woman who was overweight. So everything works or not? I was fortunate enough to see the movie in a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the three directors of the movie (yes, three), watched questions after the show. I call myself lucky because I had a first-hand confirmation that these people do not know what I'm talking about. Some of the questions asked by audience members touched so much that her husband, a chiropractor, had to intervene and recite the answer. Finally, I had to go when the discussion became inevitably political, and everyone, including Mrs. Chasse, began to speculate how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see this film.
