As a student of physics, I became aware of many idiot teachers and other so-called experts in the field. As I continue to study, I have learned more and more about real physical experiments and people doing the right things. Then my friends tell me about this physical movie I want to see. I know nothing about it, I'm excited, hoping the information will be presented well. I REALLY did quantum mechanics; this was not it. This film begins with the basic hypothesis that anything that appears in a subatomic particle may and will appear to you if you just open your eyes. Let's think about it for a moment. Our bodies are composed of somewhere around 10-30 subatomic particles. This is a million billion billion particles! Higher quantum effects of just two particles may have a 50% probability of being completely canceled. As you add more and more particles in the mix, it becomes almost impossible to have a large net quantum result. To tell us to think this is a valid hypothesis without rationality behind it ... it's just bad. My friend, also in physics, and I counted 3 facts in the course of this film. But they were presented in the most deceptive way I have ever seen. I can not say so much about the neural part of the film because I did not have any medical training. It seemed that he might have had a little more truth, because I remember my biology days, but I can not say it. At least this movie had a redeeming quality: her dancing peptides were actually scenes. Not to destroy the invaluable plot that drives this film, but the main character goes to a wedding where he sees all the different types of personalities "driven by" their peptides, then the film is cut on the dance floor, where we are merged between people dancing , sometimes surrounded by CG peptides and a full CG scene filled with dance peptides. The movie, at that moment, tries to tell us how we are "emotionally addicted", so we're treated to the complete hit song "Addicted to Love." <br /> <br /> This scene was ransom, because anyone could go through this scene, and take this movie seriously ... well, you are the one who has to "open your eyes".
