I had a lot of problems with this movie. It contains some basic information on quantum mechanics, which is good. Although quantum physics was around 50 years old, the film presents this information in a grandiose manner that seems to say, "You're not just blowing it!" Not realy. These are no more earthly revelations. In any case, I have already been familiar with quantum theory and the fact that particles must be described by wave equations, etc. it's not new. The main problem I have with this film, however, is how these people use quantum theory as a way to provide a scientific basis for mysticism and spiritism. I have no serious problem with mysticism and spiritism, but quantum mechanics has nothing to do with these things and should remain separate. The people they interviewed for this film start with the ideas of quantum theory and then jump to say that simply thinking about something that can change the problem around you, we should think positively to have an impact positive on the world and make our lives better. The motivation is completely ridiculous and the conclusions do not result logically from the quantum theory. For every so-called "expert" interviewed for this film, there are dozens of theoretician physicists who disagree. They will rightly point out that the unpredictability of the subatomic world does not provide support for the mystical notions of our spiritual connection. I'm bothering people to see this movie and eat it completely because it leaves them with a positive positive feeling. The main force of the film is based on a totally erroneous interpretation of quantum theory and is as bad in its reasoning as any attempt to justify organized religion with similar pseudo-scientific arguments. Avoid this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, yes. At one point, one of the "experts" says that over the course of history, most of the hypotheses that people have done about the world have proven to be false, so the assumptions that we currently have of the world are, also susceptible to being false. It is not like that? This is not entirely the case. And even if it was so, I do not see how the argument helps. I mean, if his ideas have ever become common assumptions, then I think we should suppose they are also false, based on their own reasoning.
