I do not know anything about the previous work of the writer or the director, so I did not harm the film. Based on the short description of the TV Guide plot, I thought it might be interesting. But implausibility has been unfair. Each tower of the plot seemed to be an excuse to shoot in several bloodshed, terrible makeup, or special effects. The score was professional and Kari Wuhrer seems like a decent actress, but the rest was more than disappointing. It was positively repulsive. I will not go through the vagaries of the narrative, but I will give an example of what I am thinking of as an excess of explicit gore. <br /> <br /> Chris McKenna goes to an isolated farmhouse and takes the frozen body of his previous victim (Wendt) out of frost. McKenna had killed Wendt by slamming a piece of his neck. Now he feels he has to destroy the evidence of his involvement in Wendt's death. (What will the cops do, will they measure their bite?) McKenna pulls Wendt's head and neck out of his freezer bag, takes an ax and begins to cut Wendt's head. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. The axle's foot stops at Wendt's neck. The air is filled with frozen meat fingers, one of which drips on McKenna's head. (He bends it when he's finished.) McKenna then takes his frozen head out to the small fire he's built. He sits on his head, nurses him beside him, takes pictures of a woman he just killed and shows Wendt's head. "Do you remember it? We would have succeeded if it had not been for you," he says to his head. "Duke, you always liked the fires, did not you?" he asks. Then put his head on fire. We only have a burning glimpse, but we can hear the flaming fat in the flame. I do not want this kind of trash to be censored. I only wonder who enjoys seeing these things. There is no reason to go on with the rest of the movie. I will mention an example of "implausibility" since I brought the idea. McKenna was kidnapped and locked in a dark boat. He knows he'll be half-dead to death in the next few days. (He literally invited the heavy people to do this.) What would you do in this poe-like situation? Here's what McKenna does in what can be the last night of his life. He finds a calendar shot with a little girl on her and masturbates (successfully). Give that man the Medal of Freedom! <br /> <br /> A monster that looks like Pizza Hut is thrown into some unnecessary flashbacks. The camera is often held in hand and injured. The dialogue has lines like: "Life is a piece of s *** or otherwise it is the best of all possible worlds, it depends on your point of view." It uses a wide-angle lens that turns ordinary faces into gargle masks. A house throws into an explosive fireball at the end, while the hero, McKenna, is heading for us at the forefront. He's a hero, too. First he kills a man for $ 13,000 by shooting his head several times with a heavy statue, then with a potted plant before tilting a fridge over his body. (This disturbs him a bit, but not enough to keep him from insisting on payment.) Then I hope I have direct order, kill Wendt by twisting some of his neck. Then he kills the wife of his first victim by chance, and blames the heavy ones, though by virtually any moral calculation they have nothing to do with her. Then he burns the head of the honcho (Baldwin) alive. Then, disposing of the two smaller cuts, he throws them deliberately, although one of them is not totally unimportant. And we should be rooting for McKenna. I'm not the death of cartoons like those in the filthy Harry-bang bang movies and you're dead. These are slow and painful. The first - the $ 13,000 murder - is made to be pretty bold to resemble what could happen in real life. It is not easy to kill another human being, as Hitchcock demonstrated in the Torn Curtain. But that scene does not lead to any place of importance. Some people may enjoy it, especially those young people who believe that pain and death are things that happen only in movies. Some simple things on the screen here.
