This movie was an attempt to go to the most places and not probably should not venture into. It was a similar process in the bizarre, head-to-head perspective, given to us in The Cell, although it is not nearly in-depth and well-presented. The land is simply built with an original atmosphere. Then, while the movie has its "dramatic" roots, the plot collapses as to the few legs it was supposed to master first. Practically the idea is that of a child (Chris McKenna) who needs money. He takes on the role of a man who hit her, killing a city accountant. Then he is not paid for his work, but is tortured for several days because he dreamed of the "brilliant" idea of ​​trying to use a backup file he had for payment. This idiotic move attempts to force them to pay back, because it is horribly abused and endless. He starts to become mad (some very disturbing scenes). Then, thinking he paid for his sins and can start again, he visits the wife (Kari Wuhrer) of the man who killed and earned her affections. Immediately after discovering who he is, the strike of tragedy and revenge moves through the air as the boy goes after his torture (Daniel Baldwin, George Wendt, Vernon Wells) for their previous "goodness." But what about Kari Wuhrer and horror / gore movies? It seems that everything he has done lately has been in this genre. I liked it in "Freaks with eight laws" and she was good at "Anaconda". But, despite all its complaining and obvious hint (wow, she's hot!) She can act much better and choose better roles. Or maybe, I'm wrong, and that's just the wrong concept. For all those out there, you will see "completely monty" of it in this movie, though it is quite bizarre and short-lived. I almost felt she did some porn-soft after watching this movie (something that is not alien to Kari's career). Sexual simulation is such that it has to make you wonder what really happens during filming. <br /> <br /> However, I will say there is good action. Just do not expect too much from Daniel Balwin, whose career seems to be destined to accompany Alex's brother forever. The film revealed several old elders, George Wendt (Norm of Things) and Vernon Wells (Commando, Weird Science). Above all, Chris McKenna does the best job in interpreting the main character, Sean Crawley. His little experience of acting and yet his credible nature as a naive young man bring some elements to the film. <br /> <br /> I would not get out of my way for that. If you're bored and you're tired of the same old episodes of "The Hitchhiker," then I might advise you to look at it. And Kari, please start acting in some better movies!
