It was a terrible movie with lots of nonsense and too many free counting heads. I watched this movie just because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a cameo in her and I kept watching her because, like a girl, I like any movie that includes the nudity of men for a change. Later, I woke up wondering how ridiculous the story might be and whenever it was ... more ... ridiculous. Sean Crawley (Chris L. McKenna, I've never seen before - but LOVE her on the stage to get naked) meets as a painter when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt of "Cheers"). Thinking he still has work at Duke, Sean agrees to meet with contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin playing a bad stereotype type). Ray is investigated by a mayor's accountant (Ron Livingston in a cameo, whom I've fallen from "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). Ray gets to give Sean $ 13,000 to kill the accountant, and Sean accepts the job. Sean follows the accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) feels attracted, ends the blow and leaves - taking the information file against Ray with him. Sean quickly learns that it was used, that Ray never intended to pay him, and that Sean uses the file as a lever to earn his money. So far, it's a downhill shot ... generally worth watching. But as soon as Ray, Duke and their crew kidnapped Sean to get information about the file he was doing, he was awesome and great (and still DUMBER ...) until it finally seemed like the writer of the movie , Charlie Higson, had been pulled out of a ten-day hangover, and realized that he must desperately realize how to end the series of disorientation that he had created before a term or something. Without detailing the movie, let's say that in every scene you look at after kidnapping, you find yourself astonished, "What is K!" Being misled by these crap as Sean follows a pretty graphic and rude way to redemption. Finally, so many free heads have been left in the movie that you start to regret having seen this. This is a movie you have to watch only after it hits you on the cable and you should have enough beers and friends around to beat the movie to its full value. It was supposed to be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to dedicate yourself to the movie when you have "Norm" from "Luck" and a working dirty Baldwin brother and a kidnapping strategy that really does Curse sense. Boys will enjoy violent, blood and intestine scenes and sexually unattractive scenes and booby shots. The girls will enjoy Sean's movie, which is free, in a mainstream movie, when almost all the girls are naked in a movie. Personally, I do not like the only actor who deserves to watch more than he looks (Ron Livingston) is just the first third of the movie.
