Eight Academy Awards? It is beyond belief. I can only believe it was a very bad year - even after the Hollywood standards. With Huston as director and with Jack Nicholson and Kathleen Turner as leaders, I probably would have swallowed the bait and watched it anyway, but Oscar nominations have really sold me and I feel clearly deceived result. > So is it a black comedy? Can someone tell me where the humor is in Prizzi's honor? It is certainly tasteless (shooting a policeman's head is another supposed comic interlude in this farce about mafia life), but with the exception of a joke about "favorite Mexican cigars" (which I imagine is an old joke for Americans who have been officially banned from buying something Cuban over the past 50 years.) I have not been able to notice anything of a comical nature - and I have tried. There are a lot of mafia clichés, but the cliché is not humor in my book. Is it a romantic comedy? Not. Their characters and relationships are so incredible and superficial that they are on the same footing as Ben Afleck and Jennifer Lopez of Gigli. Is this an intelligent parody about the mafia? Not a million years. Complot is just useless absurd, rather than comic absurd, and usually only has the sense of a really bad (and cheap) film Mafia. He feels more homage than a parody. With unidimensional characters and a little humorous writing for them, actors are left to make dodgy accents and draw faces. Well, it is not enough; even when the face is drawn by that master of comic facial expression, Jack Nicholson (filled with a clogged upper lip ... now it's a sign of being a parody of Brando lined jackets in The Godfather - which is not funny). Throw in a slow direction, blooming (this movie shoots for 2 hours), a desperate and clichyzed dialogue like; "Do you remember Camora? Well, we are much bigger, we'll follow you wherever you go" and will be a cliché and you'll end up for that button before you can say "capiche?" Prizzi's honor is far from being the "masterpiece" of Huston, and it is rather the very last very poor work. It is definitely a work in the canon of the great director, who should receive a roof of concrete and cast in the Hudson River.
