Oh, how we have a fire here; a movie so bad that your mind will marvel and move away from other things because it will waste your time with production values, stereotypes of the worst and racist nature of D.W. Griffith referred to the Chinese character in "Broken Blossoms" as the "yellow man"; characters so unimaginable and uninteresting that it's difficult to look as good as a story that is moving at a slow, stupid and useless pace that you will question about those who say they like this movie. > Prizzi's Honor is a film that ultimately ends up in an absolutely postmodern disaster in every possible way. The film is a dirty and meaningless disaster led by John Huston; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson looking at all those who fill the gaps either as silly stereotypes or support characters who cry from a phone call from time to time or spin with a main character. Prizzi's Honor is a movie that falls into a genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and general crime? this with the director and distribution should be enough to propel it through a story; a kind of a series of good scenes; a kind of intelligence in the form of a scenario or something else, but right? what we get is an ugly and ugly film that revolves around nothing. I will give some examples of how pure this horror show of a movie is. First of all, the movie thinks it's a love story and thinks about it for about an hour of its time: from my time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is an assassin who kills people for a family in which he works in New York and yet resembles his character in "One Flew Over The Crested Cucum" more than an international man. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another assassin and hit him, but as the poor excuses for a plot play, it seems not good. I read that the plot for this film is, "A professional hit man and a hit woman falls in love just to find that everyone has been hired to kill the other." Well, yes, it is true, but this real revelation does not happen until nearly twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson portrays Partanna as someone with an IQ of 60: walking; apparently making remarks and speaking aloud about the things he sees; he speaks that he is either drunk or has a more serious inner problem and worse than anything we never have the feeling of being an assassin? a very poor assassination at the beginning of the year (which actually takes place on the screen) is not enough to suggest that this guy is a tough guy, the best of the best international hits. So with a main character that is unpleasant and unrealistic, we move to the script. The first hour and a half is just a deadly cinematic area, with what ever to suggest traces of life, simply poor conventions: Partanna crashes by phone or in person, always demanding the same things: "Will I marry her? love, what is love, and it is so repeated that it is not even able to act like good humor. This was twisted by the way it always seemed to be on the phone for someone: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played the daughter of director John, who did not serve any purpose for plotting, and seemed to be there for laugh as the scene in which she tells her father how she slept with Partanna and loved her - which made me think , it should have been funny, should I laugh? The film felt an intelligent mafia image that, with the opening scene of a wedding (The Godfather), and the scenes that followed, with a touch of noir, as gangsters, police and assassins were introduced into the film. But what we get is something very, very different. The second hour revolves around a kind of kidnapped plot; right, love and romance is treated? maybe the movie will start. I was very wrong: with more and more characters talking very slowly and very deliberately in a monotonous way, we have a kidnapping scene involving a guy coming out of the office: this scene sums up the movie. Everything is briefly planned and then executed in a cumbersome and awkward manner that makes it look like cheese. We do not get them to get to dramatic music; maybe he has to go through security to get to the lifts; maybe they have to be careful of civilians when they hide in the chosen places and when that random woman comes out of the elevator and the shot is made? the scene is not even edited correctly. A bit of suspense, a drama: "Do not I shoot or not?"; maybe some slow movements as the character needs to shoot fast before it's too late? other than how it was actually executed. Prizzi's prize continues to keep its monotonous and uninteresting take-off in cinematic oblivion as it approaches the climax. It is a film in which the rooms reflect in windows; the lights are reflected in the sides of the machines, and the "dead" drivers blink when pressed. Prizzi's Honor is a pitiful and disorderly movie that will try the patients of any film and does not say it was a comedy because I did not laugh at her? AT is another problem. The film is repetitive, drawn and colorless in its vision and possibility of originality - there is no Honor here.
