Let me first say that I like the Western story and the civil war. I think John Ford is an excellent director. I also have the same high feelings for the ability to play John Wayne and William Holden. I do not remember seeing this movie when it first came out in 1959. Last night it was the first time I saw it since then. <br /> <br /> According to my rating 4, one can say I did not like the movie. Now I will try to tell him some of his shortcomings. <br /> <John Lee Mahin, who wrote the script in Harold Sinclair's novel, was a very talented writer and wrote many fine scripts. This script is badly written and badly researched. They mention the dreadful conditions of the prison in Andersonville. At the time of the movie, Andersonville was not in operation. They also use rifles that were not used at the time. John Ford directed movies for over 40 years and won 4 Oscars. He was probably sick while doing this. His usual style was lacking. It might be that it was the movie in the south and east and not in Monument Valley. Normally, he had a stock company he used in almost all of his movie, MOST was missing this time. This time, only cowboy minstrels Hoot Gibson & Ken Curtiss have roles and, of course, Anna Lee has a small role. There were no other familiar faces except the 3 stars. (see below). The joint stock company of Mr. Fords has done most of his classic films; unfortunately lost here. Now we come to the main stars John Wayne and William Holden. Also, the Duke must have been sick, it did not seem like a place here. This type of role usually fits his perfect style, he was just right here. Wiliam Holden did his best, but nowhere was he as good as usual. It was necessary to have an actress in this type of movie. Here in his first major role (the second film) is Constance Towers, a very beautiful person, but not an actress. She still has television roles. Let me be kind and say that she had a long career, based more on her appearance than on acting talent. Also, in Mrs. Towers' maid's casse is star tennis star Althea Gibson. I'm glad he stayed at the tennis. The rest of the production credits were far from the usual high standard of other John Ford films. some presumed military songs made by marching cavalry, not at all. Action scenes were good, but come at the end of the movie. Ratings * 1/2 * (out of 4) 47 points (out of 100) IMDb 4 (out of 10)
