After seeing MIDNIGHT offers, I'm still convinced that the first decent film about adolescent witches has yet to be done. I did not think too much about THE CRAFT and I'm not in CHARMED either. The only movie I enjoyed more or less (about adolescent witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even one was not very good. But the changes are that if you enjoyed all of the above-mentioned movies, you will also enjoy MIDNIGHT offers. I was expecting a bad 80-year-old film about high school adolescent witches. But I was quite surprised that the whole movie is quite serious. The action is decent and serious all the time. There are no jokes about teenagers or something like that. And the musical score, at first, I thought it was good enough. It has added some scarcity and also something "classic" with the use of threatening violins and of all. But as the movie progresses, I came to the conclusion that the score was too ambitious. They did not have to add these violins that threaten when you see someone back in a car and then drive at normal speed. Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, which was the main reason I saw this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw it in HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, a pretty, coarse (and, most of the time, whimsical) movie that he made in the same year as MIDNIGHT OFFERS. And I have to say he was very good as the cold evil enemy, Vivian. But the main problem with the movie is: almost nothing is happening! Vivian causes death and an accident, yes, but that's all. Then there's Robin, the good witch who learns about her powers. And we expect the two to use their powers more than once, but on one occasion they use their powers to make the pieces of wood and other things fly through the air as projectiles. Was that supposed to be a struggle between two powerful witches? Even worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular show among the witches at the end of the movie with at least some special effects, flamboyant eyes or anything else ... but nothing happens. There is some sort of confrontation in the end, but it is a great disappointment. So the action of the two witches was good. The musical score was decent (even if it was too ambitious). And the cinema was pretty dark and moody sometimes. But that does not make a good movie yet, is it?
