As is often the case, films about self-repelling characters do not usually make a good drama. "Nancy Download" is no exception. It is supposed to be based on a true story about a woman who was killed at her request by someone she meets through the internet. The protagonist is Nancy (Maria Bello) who is married to Albert (Rufus Sewell). Albert is a successful software developer who has developed a golf game that his company has successfully marketed in various bars and bars / restaurants. Unlike most people, Albert has virtually no positive attributes (except for his ability to succeed in the business world). Throughout the movie, Albert has a sour and sour expression on his face. He has no sympathy for his wife, with all his emotional problems and resorts to patronize prostitutes. When a woman asks for sex, she punishes her by masturbating her presence. Nancy is just as unique as a character. Not only did she have a 15-year-old marriageless love, but she was sexually abused by her uncle when she grew up (fortunately there is no retrospective of this story in the movie). Her emotion is manifested through self-mutilation and a result, she is forced into therapy. However, she has such a disdain for her therapist that no progress can be made. Finally, Nancy is so depressed she is contacting Louis on the internet. He is a kind of sadomasochist gigolo, who has sex with women for money, while causing great amounts of pain at boot. It seems that Louis has two children, but he does not see them again (the mother of the children does not want anything to do with him). Nancy's plan is to have the first painful sex with Louis and then kill him. There is a particularly unpleasant scene in which Louis had sex with Nancy while cutting his vaginal area with a broken glass. These scenes are presented as retrospective after Louis pays a visit to Albert, who binds him and hits him with a golf club. It seems Louis has a double plan to see Albert: 1) beat him for his treatment for Nancy and 2) enjoy the beating he receives. It takes a while before Louis to reveal Nancy's fate, first of all, forcing Albert to favor him to take his dog to a relative so that someone can take care of him in the future. Of course, Nancy's fate is that Louis eventually suffocated him to death (but he showed some hesitation in the first place, while he clearly showed he had a few "feelings" for her). Soon, we learn that Louis is closed for life for Nancy's killing. What do we have to take from a movie like Nancy's Download? Should we be sorry for the victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? This is the main point of the movie? Is sympathy for Nancy actually justified? I do not think. The writers of the film create a straw man in the character of Albert - someone who is so cut off by his emotions that he is considered to be responsible for Nancy's decline. But are people so unidimensional in real life? I do not think. They have a repulsive Louis, a man who makes his life by provoking the pain, come and beat Albert for neglecting Nancy. Moreover, his expression of love for Nancy (before killing him) should show him his "sensitive" side. Finally, it's a bit of a question of whether filmmakers have defined where their likes are, different characters in the film. They are so inclined to keep their audience with free violence scenes that Nancy Download is nothing but an exercise of poor taste and soft pornography.
