There is nothing particularly original about this story of corrupt unions on the one hand and "chief advocate" on the other. Strict but inimaginative illumination and photography stem from the clogged noir cycle. The story could easily have been removed from a Warner Brothers drawer, with George Raft at the forefront. Performances are routine, flat, and even perfunctory. (An alley is shown by a single wall of simulated brick plaster, it has a poster on it, the poster says "Post No Bills.") We also presented the story and some characters of a narrator who informed us that although most of the trade unions work hard and honest to advance the causes of their members, some are corrupt. But we do not know too much about unions or how they act, though I guess they were a fair game after the success of "On the Waterside" a few years earlier. Here's just a hanger to suspend the story. The true ring leader is a missing lawyer who leads things through three or four bullies. District Prosecutor (or whatever he is) finds out, like Dana Andrews in Boomerang, that the wrong guy (Dick Foran) is accused of murder, and he spends the rest of the film almost alone, pulling evidence of Foran's innocence. He enters the fists of his fist and blows like any inexpensive private movie. Brian Keith is D.A. He showed some insignificant talents elsewhere, but here he spends most of the time talking quietly and looking at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a nice rummy but can not make a good drink. Beverley Garland is fine, but she is undermined by the direction that makes her climb into a nightclub when she should be angry. The rest of the film would be suitable for a series of TVs. And no one is helped by writing. When a "girl B" is to be shipped by the mob mob to the Philippines, a person advises them to have nothing but to learn a few Spanish words. "I know only one word," she says, "Yes." Writers do not trust the public to know that "and" in Spanish means "yes". The land is steady and has holes in it. Keith visits a witness in her apartment over a nightclub. He enters the door and has a pistol bent behind him with a yeast, but he defeats the heavy ones and knocks him out. Then someone orders someone to call the police. The rest of the scene, playing a little in the nightclub, forgets everything about the police and never comes and no one expected. There is nothing to shame, and some people might enjoy it, but there are similar things, better done elsewhere.
