A group of hunters follow a werewolf, kill it, decapitate it, and then sell it to Dr. Atwill's unethical head (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. Research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid flew in front of him during a laboratory explosion, is the unlucky recipient of the werewolf. It takes a long time to reach the first full moon, so first we get a love affair between Rich and Soodra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she removes her clothing and begins to travel to bed before she even has the chance to remove her bandages! After a month in hospital, Rich returns home to Rila's wife (Deborah Huber), who promptly tells him: "You look pretty ugly," before accelerating in Kia. Our hero soon finds out that Rita is not just a bitch but an adulterous man dealing with a business with his alleged friend, Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Eventually, the full moon rises, and Rich is in a hairy situation, turning into a werewolf creature. Predictable meat results. After breaking Craig's neck on a beach, Rich wakes up in the next morning's brush with his tangled clothes and vague memories of evening events. He makes friends with the psychic expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is harassed by both local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and Justine Evers (Tarri Markel), detective-lesbian-police detective-in-trouser suit . When Rich faces Dr. Atwill, the doctor sends Kass (Eric Mestressat), who takes a shot of corpses at a clinic after him. With Sondra's help, Rich manages to escape. Sondra takes him back to her place and basically rapes him on the couch during a long-lasting sex scene that takes about five minutes. Will Rich control his lycanthropy or find a cure for him before claiming more casualties? <br /> <br /> Shot on the cheap with a video camera, this houseworm has a somewhat unique premise with the angle of eye transplant, but trots out cliché after cliché otherwise. The sets are sub-porn - the clinic scenes seem to have been filmed in someone's house or apartment. The wolf transformation scenes do not look as good as the time photographs used back in the 1940s. Instead, they use a crushed editing. You throw some hair on the actor. Cut. Throw away. Cut. More fur ... and fill his mouth full of white pieces he can spit on. Cut. You do not have to worry about continuity! It does not fade, does not dissolve, nothing. It's pretty careless. Once completely transformed, the werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who edited and filmed the film) is terribly terrible. It has red, bright eyes of Christmas bulbs, furs that look like a carpet and a plastic chip that is almost completely immobile. Do you often see the cameraman's fingers in front of the camera lens, and the moon is really full of five nights in a row? As for distribution, they are amateur but tolerable. And as far as horror movies are concerned, they're worse out there. This is pretty good, it's only 70 minutes and it offers a lot of red stuff during the attack scenes, as well as Mrs. Beaton's T & A. It was produced by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to drive the digital video wave as he first began to dominate the low-budget / independent horror scene back in the middle / late years 90. Many of his famous horror productions have been released by Brain Damage Films, a label that avoids most of the plague. FX type Jeff Leroy (who is listed as co-director here at IMDb, but not in the real credits of the film) and Vinnie Bilancio (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) continued to make much more fun and polished exploitation , who had a similar creature on the screen (bright red eyes and all).
