This adaptation, such as * The Heiress * of 1949, is based on Henry James's novel. * Heyress * with Olivia de Havilland remains a well-respected work, though less true than James's original story than this remake, which retains James's original title. It's the story of a strange but loving daughter (Leigh) dedicated to her father (Finney) after her mother dies during her birth. The arrogant father keeps his daughter without any respect and considers her as simple as all women. When a young (Chaplin) family of good fortune and little fortune comes to the yard, the Father is naturally suspicious, but feeling so sure that his daughter could have no interest for any man, is convinced that the young man is a a fortune hunter and forbids her to see him. Leigh is a controversial actress? most of all I love or hate her? and always has a dread and a great deal of tension over her style, as if she were acting through scraping teeth. She's not that bad, and she's dealing with her relatively skilful role? is just a strange role for any actress, making the audience want to grab the character of her shoulders and shake it until she gets to her senses. While the character gets a lot of sympathy, it is not particularly pleasant. The very beautiful and very appealing Ben Chaplin (previously seen in * The Truth About Cats and Cats) plays his role with the exact amount of mystery required to keep the audience guessing whether it is by its wealth or is truly in love with it. Maggie Smith is one of the most beautiful live actresses and raises the level of the film through the portrait of a well-understood aunt. Finney is wonderful, of course, as the father who threatens to disappoint his daughter for her disobedience, but her daughter is willing to risk this for the man she loves. But her soul is full of desire, yet without her wealth? This is just an example in which * Washington Square * differs from * The Heiress *. Another example is the ability to stay with it. It's a beautiful movie that's as tiring as a dropping cock, giving too little story in the movie too long.
