Edwin Porter's Short Film 1903, titled "The Great Train Robbery," strikes on screen with so much enthusiasm and ingenuity that someone is preparing to be blown away by another early film. Like Melies "A Trip to the Moon," critics appreciated this as the film that introduced Western genre into modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. Has everything from planning to the current heist of the train, the assassination of an unwanted civilian and the final scene that makes you realize that these villains are business? was monumental for his time. From here to Eastwood, every western director used Porter's image in one form or another to create his own story. It can not be said that this film did not open the door, but the fight comes from the story itself. The genre was defined by Porter, but beyond his initial emotion? there really is nothing to fight. Maybe I'm maddened by the modern Westerners of the Enskl and their casual messages, but how can there be a cliché before being a cliché? For me, the "big train robbery" seemed forced, undetectable and surprising. Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very straightforward story. Robbers change the course of a train, rob it, then shoot random people just to prove they are the real villains, and the final scene ends like any predestined movie, no surprises or bullets, and the man who is fighting a gun at you proverbial. It's gentle. Porter's movie is boring. In the edition I watched, an almost endless color was added to emphasize the emotion that felt cheap and was not encouraging for the director or spectator. The problem remains that, although important, Porter's film was borrowed from time to time, in fact it became diluted. The story itself does not bear the emotional power it has once. Unlike Melies' early film, I can not see it again. I know what happened, I know that behind the scenes is very little missing and that it is ultimately what she proposed to be? a simple story that goes from point A to point B to point C. This problem is not just my flu with this movie, it's also the most powerful thing to see in such an early film. While it was boring, the fact that he said such a powerful narrative? that our characters were characters with motives and drives, was remarkable to see. In an era where nonfiction movies seemed to be mainstream, this broke the form. Again, not that I jumped on a prophetic band about this movie? is it an important movie? it's not a great movie. Generally, I was eager to go into this film to see where the roots of the Western genus were planted, but I was just as happy to leave this film behind. Porter is a talented director, and G.M. Anderson, obviously, managed to be very successful in the field, but I did not watch the movie. I did not expect large budget effects like Melies' work, nor did I expect a duplicate of a "Moon trip," but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and originality. I felt that Porter played safely if this could be said with such an early film, but I could not feel the enthusiasm because our sinners did their bad deeds. I was not rooted for anyone, and the final conclusion showed that his kitsch wore a few minutes after the movie started. He was pioneering, but not monumental. The "big train robbery" has lost its space in the cinematic time capsule. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** of *****
