SPOILERS (IF NECESSARY IN THE FIRST TWO MINUTES OF THE FILM) Robin Williams is actually good enough in this way as a loser, friendly, lonely, emotionally missed, Sy. He makes a very humane, even sympathetic psychologist, and really disappears in his character - no little feat for such a recognized interpreter. <br /> <br /> Too bad the rest of the movie is such a loss. Performance performances (and performers) would not look like soft-core pornography (it does not help every character, but Sy is made of 100% cardboard). Sometimes the director seems to try to stir up the suspense: we know from the very first moments: a) that Sy is a complete work, b) that he survives, and c) that he is endowed by the cops at the End. So everything that we have left to think is just as good and responding, and the answers given are not so exciting. The plot is frustrating and controversial and presents nonsensical moments (for example, her husband bapts his wife for her expensive tastes, even though she seems to spend her spare time at the local discount supermarket). About two-thirds of the way, Sy is doing something so irrefutably bad that he wonders how much he cares about his great revenge plan. And the final cliché explanation of his psychosis, even from Peeping Tom, is a terrible phenomenon. Dialogue is the worst kind. It's not overwhelmed, strange, or incredible, or bad in any other way that might be considered fun, even for bad movie lovers. Instead, each line is simply hidden - it's as if the director gave a sketch of a newspaper copywriter's plot and said, "Hey, I need a script to work on that - in an hour." It made me want to cry, honest. This film seems to be a return to eighth and nineteenth-century thrillers ("The Hand That Rocks the Cradle," for example), and though it's certainly unpleasant, it's never scary. Sy Sy Fetishism sometimes makes you feel uncomfortable, but on its own it is not enough for the movie to work. Finally, the lack of jobs from all those involved, except for Robin Williams, sinks this down. 3 out of 10.
