Cartoon Network seems to be desperate for the rating. Since the Samurai Jack was canceled, the network has been long for eliminating all the shows that have made it so popular, such as Powerpuff Girls, Lab Dexter, Dragonball Z, etc. When ratings began to fall, mediocre performances. Although Total Drama Island / Action and Chowder are remarkable due to their intelligent writing and crowd enjoyable to the public, there are plenty of other performances, whether they are making terrible remakes (George of the Jungle) or a series of other shows, such as The Misconventures Marvelous of Flapjack, where the title character acts the same as Spongebob, and then there is Johnny Test, which is something to replace for Dexter's Lab, although it's much more than anything else. <br /> <br /> The characters of the show are clearly derived from Dexter's lab, but this time emphasis is put on Johnny, a blond (or hairy) character who tortures his twin sisters Susan and Mary, who was just thinking to look like Dexter, the glasses, the impossible technology. There is even a rival genius named Bling Bling Boy or Eugene who seems to be in Mandark. Then it's Dookie, Johnny's best friend and talk dog, one of Dexter ... I mean, Susan and Mary's early experiments. Dexter's lab was probably one of the best cartoons on television, but an effective art style, the character in love and the episodes that do not seem like a long love. The Johnny test is very different. The art style here is not as pleasing to the eye. In fact, it looks absolutely awful. Characters have reasons that make them very annoying or repulsive. How most of the episodes of the series make up Johnny and Dookie in search of a disaster on a girl in the Sissy neighborhood that Johnny likes secretly, or the twin obsession over a boy next door. Seeing these two grinning geniuses in the sight of the abs and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you never wanted to associate with, there is no real connection between the spectator and the characters. One thing that the powerful series exploits in his name is that Johnny is Susan and Mary's guinea pig for their experiments. These range from turning Johnny into fat, ugly, monstrous, and even a woman. Gemini then helps Johnny in any plan he plans in exchange for his services. Whenever there is an episode involving such a kind of "win / win", it usually comes back to the seeming, and those who do not come completely on the rails never end satisfactorily. Scenography varies from mediocre to horizon, however. The "fat" episode constantly repeats: "It's Phat with a PH. There is a difference, you know." which is a line that should never be repeated, especially when the episode appears to promote child obesity, with Johnny becoming a famous star with money and video games just by becoming fat. Let's talk about how the show does not manage to completely destroy Dexter's lab. The show goes into a lot of characters, from two black men named Mr. Black and Mr. White, a military general who seems to need all his problems solved by Johnny and his sisters and many villains, even though here, the show again steals ideas for other sources, such as a frozen clone, a bad cat with a butler who wants cats to reign over man (such as the evil Powerpuff Girls cat), a maniac creator, skilful men of skating, and even a Mole Man, who is probably the weirdest villain in the mass- mediate. In the beginning, everything along with the ugly animation and the wrong characters, the voice acting is either (like Black and Mr. White's voices) to break out of ears (Johnny, Dookie, and almost every negative character in the show). The theme song seems to be the only thing appealing to this show, but then only a few episodes with a band that just ruined it were replayed. So, finally, Johnny Test is not a good cartoon. Its horrible references and jokes about adolescent culture will break down the interest of small children in the show, while its bright colors, broken characters and episodes that shoot will destroy the experience for adolescents. It's just another of those shows that Cartoon Network is promoting too much to trick people to follow it (like MTV to rap). If you need a show that will satisfy your children for half an hour, it would be better to stay at Spongebob because Johnny Test is more of a patience test than anything else.
