As you can guess after my classification and my review title I do not like Johnny Test. Now I think I know what people will say, "How do you know how bad it is, have you ever seen this?" I watched this show several times because I'm studying film and animation and that's not a candle to my standards. I want to talk about animation first, because it's one of the most confusing things I've ever seen. Just like in the first two seasons or just in the first season, it had hand-drawn animation. I thought it was a nice show to look at when it was pulled by hand but then switched to flash animation and the quality dropped with a huge amount. So this is a blow in my eyes, but look at the story of the show. It's too much to do with Dexter's lab, but there are differences because, instead of a red scientist, there are two, and both are women. There is a talking dog (why?), And the attitudes of parents are changed to some extent. I have others, but I do not think I can write them here (I do not mean curse, but I mean I do not know if there's a word limit). Still, everything is on the scene, even a character of DeeDee, Johnny himself. Just try to be so hard to be Dexter, but it seems like a heart knockoff. Finally I want to talk about jokes. Remember in the Dexters lab some of the jokes that cried? Yes, the cry may be good for a joke or two, but Dexter's lab also had false comments, which made me have to go back and check for a joke. Johnny Test forgets all these things, and just shouts 50% of the time and stops the music whenever a bad joke or a lining appears. It's not a comedy, a stupid comedy (do I know what some people think, there are not three stupid comedies? Look at this and Johnny Test in the back and laugh more at the first option.) Sometimes jokes are based on bizarre situations, who, like Chowder, make me angry. I have a rule for cartoons and comedies all together: To be bizarre is not equal comedy, it makes you think only "what do I look?". So she hit all the accounts. Do not watch this show if you have any respect for comedy, form or form anyway.
