There are no reasons to take this document seriously, and there are four reasons for this: 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and the producer) are Serbs or Serbian, so the criteria of neutrality fail. For example, they mentioned that Croatians of the diaspora (the so-called "Ustase") played an important role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but they did not mention that there are even Serbian organizations (Cetniki)! For those who are not so familiar with Balkan history of WW2: Serbian "Cetnikii" who were portrayed in the documentary as being so good as to help the British paratroopers during the war. Well, that's just half the truth. They were also a fascist group (Monarch) who collaborated with the Germans, but then changed the side when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic that the documentary does not mention the leader of Cetnik Mihajlovic, a man responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages across Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned an Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Let me be a little suspicious. 2) Most of the interviewees are totally unknown. And I've been studying this war for a long time (who is the old British! She did not do the homework! Who they took off the street.) Who knows 3) In the documentary I talk about Kosovo and how the Serbs have lived there over the centuries and should therefore belong to Serbia (even if they are minorities). Well, when it mentions the Serb-dominated part of Croatia (Krajina), Serbs are suddenly described as having the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. Okay, but what people do not know is that the largest city in Krajina (Knin) has a great historical significance for the Croatian people. It was where he was crowned one of the most famous kings of Croatian history (Zvonimir) and therefore the city has a historical value for Croatia. The Serbs have arrived almost 800 years or later! But no, Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. Correct? For me it resembles the director's dual moral standards. In addition, the document states that the Croatian constitution had no laws on minority rights, this is a lie because it was one of the first laws implemented because Croatia had a huge Serb minority. > <br /> 4) The film mentions a radical paramilitary leader called Glavas. Or the Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a major reason for the negative evolution of the war. Yes, they were radical, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention Serbian paramilitary leaders such as Seselj and Arkan? The deficiencies are so many that I have just presented a few, just to get people a big picture of the documentary. It seems that the people who did this documentary were not well trained and did not have the courage to criticize the Serbs for fearing that their Serbian relatives would trick them or not. There are not so many documentaries that are of good quality, but the best so far is the "Death of Yugoslavia," where all significant war interviewees are interviewed (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic etc); where you get a 5-hour explanation about the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. Another thing. I have seen a comment on this documentary in which the person was frustrated about why the US gave support to a country (Bosnia) who had links with Bin Laden during the war. First, all the countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents, and because Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (before being called "Muslim Croats"), they had to rely on something other than nationality to raise the spirit among the people, and that by connecting them to the only thing they had in common: their religion. And they received help from the Mujahedin, because no one else would have supported them. They had to fight against the 4th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite a people during the war. History has shown us this.
