First of all, I apologize for my English. <br /> <br /> All those in the former Yugoslavia who are not a radical Serb radical will agree with me. This film shows the Serbian side and only the Serbian side. There were no Serbian offenses. Fortunately, everyone can see that this movie was made by Serbs, so there is no neutrality. All "professionals" interviewed are not professionals at all. A guy reads only a book written by a Serb radical, the other is denier genocide etc.etc. Even the Slovenians were accused in this film. And the whole war in Slovenia lasted a few days, and only because the Slovenians were lucky. There were not many Serbs in Slovenia, and INA could not reach Slovenia through Croatia (after the war between Croatia and Serbia). Every Slovenian is indignant about all the accusations in this film. Every reasonable Croat will agree with one thing: independence was too early. Perhaps all major conflicts could be avoided. However, the mention of World War II and unrelated things was a truly pathetic attempt to justify everything. Imagine that the Japanese threw nuclear bombs at Seattle and Washington, saying that this was justified by Hiroshima and Nagasaki. You will find no evidence of YNA soldiers and killed Serbian civilians near Vukovar. But you can find the tape with the reporter that his allegations about Serbian civilians near Vukovar are lies. All on the internet. And the director forgot to mention the bombing of the entire Vukovar by YNA (now on the Serbian side and Montenegro - and 100% full of Serbs and Montenegrins). And let's not start with Chetnik's move. At first, it was simply a resistance movement. But the director forgot to mention collaboration with the Nazis, including Ustashe, ethnic cleansing and fighting again with Yugoslav partisans. There are thousands of other things, but everything can be easily checked. There are many misleading things in this movie. Only a few of the accusations are true. Every Croat is indignant about this film. I think I should not mention the denial of the genocide in Srebrenica, the genocide that has too much evidence. Imagine the film about Holocaust denial. This movie is the same. And, according to this film, the Bosnian Muslims in Sarajevo have bombed. Every Bosnian Muslim is outraged by this film. Somehow, the director forgot to mention the short occupation of the small Macedonian land (FYROM) by the Serbs. <br /> <br /> Croats, Slovenians, Bosnians and Macedonians have never entered the Serbian border. If you are not Serbs and you actually started believing something in this movie, you know that Serbs have a kind of propaganda that Croats, Bosnian Muslims and Macedonians are actually Serbs who have made history. So ... Even 50% of Serbs will say this film is "extremely small" and pro-Serbian. <br /> <br /> Serbian Radicals are very, very happy with this movie (there are about 40% of Serbs who vote for radicals). I think everyone understands my points here. In this documentary the so-called is very little true, and my advice to everyone is: Be informed before watching this movie. After that, you will laugh at all pathetic accusations. Watch real and neutral documentaries about the death of Yugoslavia.
