This is certainly the worst vehicle from Presley, which would bring us near to the worst movie ever made. It's far worse than the one who revolted the song "Happy Ending" at the end of the year "It happened at the world fair", and here I figured out when Elvis buys all the seller's balloons for the girl and then the balloon vendor gets jiggy to the marsalu band was the symbol of bad cinemas and could not be overcome. Usually, I enjoy Elvis's random blow, if not for any other reason than for the memories of a moment when I was pretty innocent to sit on it. But this should be called "Live a Little, Wish You Were Dead A Little" and makes "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier playing Othello. Here, Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially a free-lance hippie photographer, except for the haircut from the institution. After a funny morning of rude driving, he gets to the beach where he is kidnapped by a woman who changes according to the scene and who speaks to her. Obviously, Michele Carey was selected for the likeness and ability to mimic Elizabeth Taylor (if I looked at it without glasses, I thought it was late in the 1960s when Liz played the female leadership). He raises his dog on Elvis as he enters the water and catches the convenient pneumonia in the movie, then keeps him away from consciousness in his beach swab so much loses his job and apartment, so he moves things in her house before wakes up without telling him (the audience does not know about him until Elvis tries to go back to work, and his boss beats him for no reason, except that he deserves to make this film and tries to go home and finds something ugly woman in a slip that lives in his house). Instead of arresting him for kidnapping, kidnapping, and assault, he goes out and has two jobs to redeem his rent on his back. when he steals all his things. Job works for Don Porter at a Playboy-type magazine, the second is working on Rudy Vallee's floor at a snobby fashion magazine. I think the two-job mix should be comedy, too bad it's not a little funny if you do not laugh the 100th time you saw someone who ran up and down the fast moving ladders to silly music. The predominant obstacle that prevents Greg to fall for his kidnapper is his other interest, the terrible Dick Sargent (to face either Porter or Vallee, given their advanced ages in 1968, would have made more credible competitors for Miss Crazy's affections). There is a variety of uninteresting and non-functional twists and turns, I've always waited for something that would make all of this make sense. She never did. Entertainment totals about three minutes and is made up of Elvis' "A Little Less Talk" (I can hear on CD without this painful movie on me) and a funny 5 second Elvis flop on the couch and Crazy Pants it seems to have disassembled it, so it flies in pieces when it sits on it. That's it, folks, broken furniture, the only laugh in the whole movie. No amount of clothing, music or decoration can be saved from this sea serpentine and should be avoided at all costs. Looking at this can create an unnatural desire on the part of the public towards the self-provocation of serious bodily harm.
