When I was seventeen, I really believed Elvis was the king of rock-roll, and I did not just want to see all his 31 "character" movies, but it was my ambition to have them. What an exceptionally poor excuser for a seventeen year must have been. Fortunately, the feeling also dominated Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis movie they have. The spotlight has fallen on this recently since a remixed version of A Little Less Conversation was released. (His first to reach the top ten in the UK in 22 years, his first UK number one in 25 years) Even when I was 17 years old and I needed serious psychiatric help, I gave realizing that the songs for this movie were not exactly the first rate. However, a little less talk - wandering and 60 years rolling aside - is a real standout. Finding a less known song, about which only a few relatively small are aware of the mainstream promotion, produces a mixture of emotions. It is good to finally see your faith in a justified song, but it is also sad to see the disintegration of your private cult. (And what chauvinist verses, though what other Elvis watch contains the word "procrastinate"?) But what really bothers me about this movie is not the Conversation with a little less but the 84 minutes that surrounds it. In fact, relying on a novel (Kiss my farm, but with charming pockets - what kind of chic novel this is?), He sees Elvis bored with a "comedy" dog and a nymph. In 90 seconds of meeting Michele Carey asks, "Do you want to love me?" A quick move of any standard is sure you will agree. It seems to me that some of Elvis's early movies - especially Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not too bad, but this is just an identikit hillbilly cobblers. Being fired from a job newspaper can lead to a five minute karate fight with a few scratches, causing a bunch of highways, good for a laugh, and the models dress like pink mermaids. There is even a dream sequence for the name of God. Perhaps the only bad stereotype he does not comply with is that he does not have all that many songs. Only four, to choose, including the number of credits, wait an average of 22 minutes between the tracks. Some movies would become vapid, with too many songs, but here they might have helped to numb their pain. Of the three remaining pieces, then the Edge of Reality is not that bad, though Elvis's dance must have been called the Bear's Trap. In a sense, for a 1968 PG film certificate, then it is very shocking sexual content. Unfortunately, with talk dogs, the sitcom values ​​in Central America, and the toughest dances you'll ever see, Elvis's dignity is hindered by this film.
