There is no denying that Azumi's first film was a commercial product; it was an adaptation of a popular manga and had young, attractive actors and certainly did not lack in the budget department. However, more than amused for what it was, and I can not deny that I really enjoyed it. "Azumi 2" lacks almost everything that made the original so wonderful. The first thing that should bring the alarm bells is Ryuhei Kitamura's superb absence at the helm. With him, he seemed to take not only his own visual and kinetic flair, but his original style, beauty and, most importantly, his heart. While the first one had a simple hitlist, it has a corkscrew story with too many dull characters that stabbed in the back, often the potential of any sympathy or pathos is erased. Gone is the effective interaction between lead characters; Azumi and her cohorts are often reduced to a bunch of stroppy teenagers in a forest. Characterization does not exist; if someone who really cares cares about who lives and who dies, I'll be shocked. The same is true for the villains here. The final battle - in fact all the battles - is completely free of any tension. The fact that they are badly choreographed and directed absurdly - not to mention the few and far between - is made more and more of their own futility. The villains themselves are trying too much to campaign, and even if combined, they do not enter a pity of country from the ancient of Pete Burnsian from Jo Odagiri in the original. ## Major Spoiler at the end of the paragraph! Aya Ueto tries to be the best thing she has to say, and she also managed to keep her hair in good shape between the movies. Azumi is now a full-fledged assassin, meaning he can hit his sword in slow motion; unfortunately, the character is instilled with a kind of mysterious style with Man With No Name, Ueto's model seems to become even more inadequate. I know this should be the point, but this combined with the inefficiency of everyone else in the film, the stupidity of the plot, and the general inept of the movie in general means that it is impossible to get behind her character this time. Less about Chiaki "Remind me of Kill Bill" Kuriyama's performance the better; it is enough to say that the "turn" from good to evil is as subtle as the napalm. Generally, this was just a colossal disappointment. All the merit is that they did not make ten times better in the first film. A lazy mess, unsatisfactory and generally boring.
