The day came to witness the perpetuation of Azumi's husband as an assassin, the realization of her character, and the subsequent attempt to draw me deeper into the world she had so ruthlessly sparked during the first saga. <br /> <br /> This is as poetic as when I talk about Azumi 2: Death or Love, because when I crawled over the heavy sentiment of the Flying Pump House and I complained about the credibility of Aya Ueto portraying a blood-borne assassin, 2 I began to appreciate the flaws mentioned above above all the time. Not only does the determination of each assassin feel slow and uninspiring, but many important elements are also omitted throughout the experience. In Azumi 1 we have seen that killers use different stealth tactics (which is their number one priority) as well as the logic to make their labels work smoothly with quicker execution and quicker skills to escape. But I will not support this movie too much since the story is slightly modified this time and many other obstacles are planted in Azumi's way to prevent them from reaching the warrior and showing signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is crazy for most of the movie and plays virtually a toned version of Go Go, minus the cold gun and the feeling of threat. This brings me finally the blow that is the action, simply disguised in the title as the "Death" of the epic. In the first half of the movie we see the debut of many promising bright-looking opponents and even milder weapons. To the surprise of anyone, they meet their end in one way or the other, but the movie runs out when each of them begins to die too fast and too easy. In Azumi 1, the young assassins were largely victorious in opposition to fast but fairly satisfying battles, and the final confrontation between Azumi and Bijomaru compared to the Azumi 2 fights was at least climaxed and worthwhile. Several interesting effects have been introduced, but they have not been able to innovate due to the leakage of each meeting. In no way did I beat the conventional style of samurai movies with their quick and realistic battles, but the characters in both Azumi films were so imaginative and even from the anime that the rules could have been broken and action had to be enriched. Azumi's romantic side is there to fill the time between battle scenes and unfortunately at the end of it it serves no purpose and does not provide a much needed resolution. an open mind for a wide variety of movies and animations, I will not lie and I will recognize neutrality and non-printing of the first Azumi film, but I will go right away and say that after seeing Azumi 2, the original was made to look like a masterpiece impeccable. What it is worth, Azumi 2: Death or Love could have gone directly to the movie, with its richer invisible budget and a potentially failing to add or even expand on the weird journey of desperate assassins, doing everything in their power to restore peace. an unusual courage to die trying.
