There are a few mistakes in this movie - the character of Brenda Song being one of them. I do not think the girl is a bad actor - honestly not. I think he has some bad lines. She should be, "that little girl in vain and rich," and while she's funny in the television shows she's playing, she can not laugh at me even here. I should have known what to expect when I sat down to see this movie. The movie was not that terrible ... initially. Wendy's reaction to Shen was completely natural. I mean, how would you feel if a man, claiming to be a reincarnated monk, wanted you to command yourself to wear a medallion and to insist that you have to fight the "great evil" and save the world? Which brings me to another point. I know this movie is entirely fiction but still has a base in Chinese culture. It seems all Wendy's "warriors" were women. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I doubt that the monks would have been good about it. Sure, maybe they could have done it somehow, but they did not give any explanation. In this way, they have contributed to the many fearsome attempts made by Hollywood women's empowerment and the media. However, let's not continue. more unbearable as the movie continues. Yes, she is a teenager and she is close to coming back - I mean, who wants to fight evil while returning home? The problem is that when "evil" starts to manifest itself, Wendy does not seem as scared as it should be. She is extremely worried - even for someone like her. She does not care about her training. I will use the conversation as an example, Shen: "If you do not win this battle, evil will take over and everything will disappear." Wendy: "Okay, let's talk about something else." Yeah, let's just tell Wendy. Let's also go dancing when you should be fairly prepared. Of course, Shen leaves it, but his character has an excuse. Better that he cooperates with her, than not, and does not train at all and kill them both. Oh, talking about it. Shen also told Wendy that his destiny is for him to die for her in the battle, as he had for the ancestor (I suppose this part). This makes Wendy's actions more unforgivable. As the writer wrote, Wendy's return and this "big battle" happen exactly the same day. Do you know what Wendy does? Do you really have to guess? Yes, she goes to battle, because when she tries to go home, the monks (whom Shen had trapped in the coaches of her coaches and teachers because she "feels strange fighting an old man") tells Shen that she went to battle alone, so he's going to save him. We will initially see a half-decent battle, which is actually fun. Eventually, the great evil comes out of his rival body for Wendy's return and creates the actual incarnation of himself from the broken pieces of the bodies of his ancient warriors. Do not ask. <br /> <br /> Anyway, Wendy becomes "panic". Then Shen leaves and defends this guy - forgive me for looking at his long Chinese name - and manages to kill himself. Wendy catches Shen when she lowers her long descent from her. She calls out the title of that article. <br /> <br /> Now ... it was bad enough that Wendy became strong away, too fast. No, I will not let myself be excused because it was "her destiny" and she had "the power within her." Since, however, has healed the healing? No, worst ... ever since he was able to resurrect his people? So Shen is risen from the dead. Then Wendy and he are fighting the guy. He loses his way to the light. The worst part is when it jumps together and hits it at the same time and is driven away forever. Then the monks recommend Wendy in her sacrifice. Two things, # 1: Does not the writer and script manager know that a fight needs a little more "finesse"? # 2: What sacrifice? The fact that he did not go home? Because the girl did not break a sweat or even bleed. I mean, I'm coming now, this movie was TV PG, I wanted to see someone hurt. Ah-hem ... went on. I know it sounds like maybe I should have given the movie one, based on my comments. Part of the criticism, you must know, though, that it breaks something. Do not try to look for evil, but if it is there, bring it to your attention. This movie has a lot of bad, but something funny happens when you never really expect to be anything big in the first place. So I guess it was okay. Not that I'm not saying he would not be fine would not have stopped anyone from looking at him.
