I thought the movie (especially the plot) needed a lot of work. The elements of the film remain Western and untrue when trying to try to produce an east sensation in the film. I'll give three of the many of the film's flaws: First, when Shen told Wendy to help them study China's history, I was really happy that the audience would get some information about China's history; but it seems the film does not look exactly Wendy actually studying China's history; Instead, the film only shows that Wendy practices the method of remembering what she studied, which has disturbed me and feared me. Secondly, that really bothers me is how the characters continued to mention about the moon cakes - the moon roasted this and moon cakes as well as how good it tastes. However, they did not mention the true significance of it. The only ones they spoke of having had any relevance to the moon cake were the Autumn Festival, which they did not explain and did not go into deeper. He could have mentioned the myth that correlates with the moon cake - the moon moon. The myth starts with how there are ten suns once, and each one will rotate, but one day all ten suns rise, dry the earth with intense heat; so the Divine Archer, Hou Yi, shot nine of the ten suns, leaving only a sun (there are different versions where Hou Yi shot eight of the nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he was given the pill of immortality, so that he could live forever if the ten suns rise again, but his wife, Chang-O, stole it. After he stole it, he ran to the moon where he met a rabbit. Then he came across an idea and told the rabbit to lose the pill in several pieces so that he could spread the pill all over the earth, giving everyone immortality. (There are some variants of this story, but over my childhood, I, most of the times, have heard about this version). I thought details such as this would make the plot more geared towards Chinese culture. The last thing I would like to emphasize is the last scene of the movie. Teachers who were possessed by the monks fought Terra cotta Warriors went against the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is to the Chinese. Terra-cotta wars serve as a connection to China's past, and it was very occidentalized (where evil must be killed anyway), for film monks were willing to destroy this connection. It would be understandable whether Wendy, being Chinese-American and lacking full Chinese knowledge, had no problem destroying these priceless artifacts. The entire film was occidentalized, because it seemed like all the monks and Shen wants to do is fight ... I mean, TVPG is rated because of violence, which is contrary to Confucius's thinking of cooperation and harmony. It would seem more accurate that the monks try to avoid violence and try to make things alone before they have to resort to violence. In general, all producers, writers or directors have not done their studies and have done a dirty and effortless job. I would suggest that either stop the broadcast of this film, or play the film so it contains more accurate information; I would, however, give credit (2 stars) to eliminate a stereotype of Asians and Asian Americans to be intelligent and quiet.
