I realize that living in the Wyoming Western Plains in the 1900's was brutal, in fact, it is likely to be brutal today, but was it monumental enough to turn into a seemingly "made for television" film? Also, during this period, women's rights still developed in this nation so as to find an independent woman determined to start fresh on this rough territory and still show the realism of the era? would make a good view? Honestly, I do not know. I've been thinking about this movie for the past two days, and I still can not find the strength to say it was a horrible movie, though I can honestly tell you it was not the biggest one I've ever seen ever. From several acting styles, up to two unadjusted actors playing emotionlessly, to some of PG's most daring scenarios that will emerge from movie theaters in the '70s, it's hard to fully understand Heartland. Was well? Was it bad? That could be for you to see and decide, but until then, there are moments I liked and nasty desperate! <br /> <br /> This movie continues to be a struggle in my mind because there have been some very interesting scenes. Scenes where I was not sure what the director was doing or where he was heading, but in a way seemed to work well as a whole. I thought the story as a whole was an interesting, historic story. I do not know much about living in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this movie captured that image in my mind. Thinking of very cold winters or miles of miles on miles and this Polaroid-esquire vision untouched by America's corporation. It was refreshing to be a witness and simply astounding experience (though television). There have been scenes that have remained in my mind, such as the cattle scene, the pig slaughter scene and the sad homosexual who has not survived the journey, which has brought real realism to this story. Director Richard Pearce did a great job of bringing Wyoming's vision to the audience, but I'm not sure he brought decent players to accompany the view. While I consistently compliment the landscape of this film, I've had trouble getting along with the actors who seem to be on the set and reading the line on the side books. Rip Torn seemed helpless in the role of Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow found a connection with Elinore Randall of Conchata Ferrell. The two actors have no chemistry. The scenes that I share are meaningless and honest with any emotion. The pregnancy scene almost got me in stitches because of the way these two "veterans" portrayed him. Elinore brave does what she has to do to take the baby out of her, while Clyde gives a sign of approval when it's finished. Is that love? Should it have been love? I do not know, I think, with stronger characters, we would have seen a stronger connection, but with Torn and Ferrell, it felt as if two actors played their pieces. Other scenes I just saw in my mind were that when the frozen horse "knocked" on the door for food or shelter, the constant compassion that disappeared and increased Clyde's compassion for Elinore's daughter (just not I believed him) the lack of a real winter fight and the whole scene of the earth. The terrain scene, especially because I needed more explanation of what Elinore was doing, why she did, and why Clyde would build a house if they were married! There were those simple events that, if they had time to explore, would have made for a stronger movie. In general, I will go midway with this feature. There certainly were elements that should have been explored more deeply, such as the relationship between these two strangers and the ultimate goals of Elinore's homosexuality, but were counterbalanced by some beautiful scenes of our nation. These panoramic scenes, which over the course of 100 years have changed from the vast mountains to enormous skyscrapers. Although there were brilliant scenes of realism (with bovines and pigs), I felt as if I needed more. Depth was a key element lacking this film, which was overshadowed by a marginal action and a falling story. Pearce could have deeper into this untapped world, but instead of leaving open loopholes and creating Western characters. Ferrell wore his own, but Torn was completely stupid. Decent to a view, but will not be taken again by me. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** of *****
