Lloyd L. Mankiewicz's Joseph Slew did not need a remake. It's a well-done film that's up to this day. However, given that the modern remodeling machine is in full swing; I really can not say I'm surprised to see the updated movie for the modern audience. The story remains identical to the original movie, and at its center we have the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who goes to see an older man, Andrew Wyke, to discuss a divorce because the young man has an affair with the older man . From there, a cat game and the mouse follows. It is clear from the very beginning that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add another note to this movie and he does it through the central location that has been changed from the charming home of original tournament games to a wonderful technical kit with layers of security equipment. I'm glad the director chose to make this change because nobody wants to see a remake that directly copies the original; plus there is the fact that the location is well-used and always enjoyable to look. Unfortunately, the positive features of Sleuth 2007 end there. The original movie was over two hours, while this remake is just a shadow of over eighty minutes. Of course, this means that this version has less about it; and, unfortunately, are the characters that suffer. The plot also hurries and we get to the first twist in the story too quickly and before giving us a chance to actually understand and why these events can happen. The film does not build the characters or the relationship between them enough to make sure their relationship makes sense. One major thing that has changed about the older character is his obsession; the original was obsessed with games that turned out to be very important once the game came into play. Here's a kind of security fetish that does not mean anything until the end. Kenneth Branagh's film manipulation allows a classic score, but the class ends there. The original bloomed, but this film is just happy to ground with excuses on numerous and, most of all, unjustified occasions; who cheat everything. The final return to the story is completely different from the way it was in the original and ensures that the film is reduced to a truly hideous conclusion. After spending two hours with the original, I understood, respected and liked both characters in the movie - after eighty minutes of that, I hated both of them. I have some respect for Branagh because he has not just released a carbon copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of Anthony Shaffer's game.
