Harold Pinter rewrites Anthony Schaeffer's classical song about a man who will visit his lover's husband and make them walk sideways. The original film starred as Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine. Dog plays Olivier in this version and is associated with Jude Law. Here the film is directed by Kenneth Branaugh. The act is spectacular. Both Caine and the Law are gangsters in their roles. I really like chemistry and the clash of personalities. It's a great and good reason to look at when the scenario goes haywire. Harold Pinter's dialogue is clear and sharp and often very wise, and I understand why he was chosen to rewrite the song (which is updated to use surveillance cameras and the like). The problem is that the way the script moves the characters around is terrible. Michale Caine goes through the Law through his strange, modern house with sliding doors and panels for no good reason. Conversations happen repeatedly in different locations. I know that Pinter did this in his tracks, but in this case he gets boring. Why do we need the pair to go over and over that the law is sleeping with Caine's wife? It would be good if at some point the law said enough that we did, but it does not behave like it is the first time. Also, the script does not move Caine by manipulating the Law so well. First of all, he is blindly angry to start, so he has no chance to come back and scare us. (It does not matter a delay in revealing the game that makes you wonder why it bothered) In the original I did not suspect what happened. here we do and while offering a margin, it also feels somewhat false, since it is so clear that we are forced to wonder why Law's Milo does not see it established. There are several other situations, but let's say that more would give too much. Think about the retrospective of the movie, I think it's a movie of lost opportunities and misses. Scattered opportunities are the chance to have better fireworks between Dog and Law. It's wrong with the fact that choosing a thick frame and strange changes in plotting takes on creating a credible tension and thriller. Instead, we have a clever dialogue and extraordinary performance in a movie that does not allow them to be real. Despite some great performance and smart dialogue, this is just 4 out of 10 because the rest of the scenario just does not work
