I'm not sure if the filmmakers were after a Saw movie or 12 angry men (people who combined the facts to get to the truth). Whatever it was, it was badly done and it's not worth watching. I do not watch movies for blood and gore, but because this movie had nothing else to do for him, we should have shown the more recent killing. Most were out of the room, minimizing the horror we had to feel through deaths. He also told me that the cop was among the victims; he involuntarily contributed to the innocent young man going to prison by accepting the planting evidence (given by MJH) in the record room. (And MJH would not be a prosecutor, would have access to that evidence - by taking it and showing the wrong evidence - anyway, so he would not have needed the cop's help?). The others, though they often did not realize it was that particular person they were doing, still played bigger roles in his final death. The weapon tree should have known that his weapons would be used for evil intentions. The insurer has rejected a person who obviously needs it, etc. But the cops' crime seemed small in comparison because he did not know exactly what he was doing. Film makers could have taken one step further and encouraged MJH to install the evidence, which would have made him more guilty. And the cry of MJH he (the cop) took in that misery makes no sense. It would have been more interesting if each person died in a way that gave the others a clue as to why he was there and deserved to die. The type of insurance, for example, might have had the claims that he refused to bury in his throat, so he suffocated them; the Oriental woman could have looked at her eyes because it was a false testimony, etc. Yes, more violent than the death of the weapon, but more interesting. The dialogue was not a wizard, there were no overturns, and the end was one of the worst (if not the worst) I've ever seen. Ending along has knocked three stars out of my rating. The actors did a decent job, especially given the litter lines and motivation they had to work with. of time.
