So much is wrong with this little scream of a movie that it's hard to know where to start. First of all, it's a scary, awesome film, even to American standards. The dialogue is cliché, the characters are two-dimensional, the writing is ho-hum, and the little story is neither coherent nor interesting. We're facing the following stereotypes: Balding Loser Guy (probably divorced, but who knows? This movie does not tell us) with a brave heart, the young hero (who does not do anything heroic at all), Brave Little Kid Black Bitch-Ass Bitch many brawn than the brain). These guys try a continuous fight with Tall Scary Reaper Man and His Ewoki. Oh, and the movie is full of small metal bells, living around men who are threatening. With a chance, they perform improvised surgery on those who do not have the mental acuity to duck when they come to them. Booh! In fact, one of them is haunted by a good ghost (but again, it could be a deceptive spectrum) that seems to be intended to help our courageous Contagons to recover their young kidnapped friend. or even an introduction to any of the characters. It starts with some sort of review of the previous movie, but that does not explain a lot. If you saw the first two movies, okay. Otherwise, you do not know who these people are, how they are connected, why they are not at school or at work, or why you should be careful if they live or die. Therefore, no. The only point of interest becomes any splashing effects. And they are not enough to keep you awake. Potential interest / fun is the three Raider Bridges, as foolish as they are, which threaten the Heroes. But they do not get much time on the screen. I'm almost immediately. Then they are buried (why somebody should take time is beyond me), then they again appear as Evil Raider Punk Zombies. Only to be resumed, literally within a minute. The rest of the movie seems to be mainly made up of Ghost Caspar, who appears and disappears, driving around the search for places, and Balding Loser trying to score a Bad Black Bitch Booty using pickup lines that could make a teenager mental retardation. There are no dice there; even a free sex could have saved this movie, such a good thing never exists. Baddie's head, called Tall Man, fails to scare anyone older than 3 years old; scream "Booooy!" every five minutes is not enough. Why he, with his amazing telekinetic powers and the power of the upper body, does not make them mad our heroes like bugs, is not explained. Instead, he delegates the job to his non-retarded minions, who never manage to kill anyone before being shot in hell. Filmographers who like masterpieces like "Friday 13th XXXXVIII: Jason Goes to College" find some entertainment. The other of us who have developed pubic hair will be bored from our skulls.
