It's been almost ten years since I saw one of the last two phantasms - certainly because of my still alive remark that they were not very good. This being recognized today, I am still a big fan of the first two installments, so I thought I would come back and resume "the final chapters." The third part is definitely the worst of the series, because it obviously takes less seriously and throws a lot of confusing stuff that does not make much sense ... Again, starting from where we left our previous movie , Reggie saves Mike the High Man who promises to come back for him later, but things are not safe for a long time when they meet Jody, which is inexplicably capable of taking the shape of a sphere. It seems that his soul is held captive by the tall man, so Mike is then dragged into the world of double self, and Reg has to find him ... On the road he meets a ten-year-old kid and a chuck with black chick named Rocky, who assists him during his journey. There is nothing memorable about "Phantasm III," other than how bad and humorous "humor" is trying to be. Only a positive aspect that did not help the movie, and which was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who resurrected their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic. The problem is that they make quite a lot of appearances in the cameo ... Reggie Banister is, of course, back in his role of principal role, but his sick, sick-sick attitude makes his presence too annoying to like. Angus Scrimm also did not seem entirely "in" his role. He speaks too much here, and is far from dangerous and frightening, as opposed to "quirkiness," that the film seemed to use negligence. The opinion of most people about this move seems quite impassable and tends to think "is still fun". Maybe I'm too much from a picker, but I could not get into it. I remember disappointing myself when I was a child, and after watching them - I can safely say - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli sparked the scene with his original "Fantasm," a nightmare, legendary nightmare, which he still classifies as the favorite horror favorite, and his respectable continuation kept things moving and surreal, and GORY, but "Lord of the Dead" I just looked too hard and I slapped together ... Including the two new characters Tim and Rocky (the only thing missing was Scrappy Doo!) Was a a strong clue that Coscarelli was out of ideas and seeing how far the franchise could go ... So it is a "Phantasm" movie, with few gun guns, nudity and quadruples. Do I have to say more?
