* Contains some spoilers * This movie is a horror of 80 years in horror. The land takes too long to get out of the ground, never to be alone, and then collapses for about 40 minutes in the film. There are a few moments of jewelery for zombie fans, but not enough zombies to create a real sense of terror. Zombies also take a long time to make their appearance. First of all, there is half a movie about bullets and prison gangs. The film's hero is an ex-Vietnam veteran who is caught in the mob. The main soul of the crowd sets him up and goes to prison. In this prison, they are experiencing prisoners to find a way to cure them of homicidal tendencies and criminal behavior. But the psychic / military boy has other plans in mind. He wants to use a slightly different version of serum to do ... yes yes yes ... super soldiers! After some infected prisoners kill some guards and most of the prison has a round of wines of infected communion, the type of military / mad scientist goes "hey this could be a problem" and calls the scientist brilliantly transformed hot investigative journalist - an independent woman character who, of course, invented the original serum. He goes to jail to see what happens, the military guy calls in several SWAT teams from his secured position outside the prison, and the hero handles the few prisoners with a golden heart when a revolt breaks out. The hero and team of scholars / journalists want to find a cure, save the guards' children and deal with bad prisoners, both infected and not. Meanwhile, the boss type of the crowd made a deal to enter the prison to save his imprisoned brother. The soldiers are ready to explode upside down, and all inward struggle to find a way out. There are a lot of cumbersome scenes in which people are killed by being pressed or pulled through jail bars. There is also a scary decapitating scene and an electric shock scene involving the same infected prisoner. Still, the most worrying scene is in the first part of the film, when a brutally corrupted guard is violating a prisoner. The main attraction of this film is a scene to the end. The hero, the woman, and the children are trying to turn to the only way to escape. Their path leads to a long hallway, on one side is a wall, and on the other hand there are bars of imprisonment. Hundreds of bloody zombie hands arrive through them, gracing their hair and faces with which they pass through. There are also some good scenes from the classic "Zombie couple working on deadly dead bodies" and "many zombies that break a guy in pieces." Generally, it is worthwhile to look at whether you are researching zombie genre because it has so many zombie clichés worth noting; is practically a manual of instructions on what not to do when making a zombie movie. But if you're new to zombie filming and you want real hope, you should look elsewhere.
