Wow, the plot for this movie is everywhere! There is so much and how many things that happen to have basically made my head! And as a result, none of them seemed particularly credible. The film begins with Kay Francis as a housewife who lives in a small town. He has an experience in the local theater and has ambitions to go to Broadway. When a large actor arrives in the city, he pursues him in the hope that he will give him a career boost. But her husband is worried about shenanigans - because this actor is falling. So the hubby bursts on them and hits the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he was convicted of grade I crime! Do not kill, but Crime 1! Now, pregnant and in need of funds, Kay goes to New York. But the jobs on Broadway are not found, so it's forced to take every job - even Burlesque. Unable to take proper care of her little daughter, she gives another woman to raise her. However, in the end, she finds a job in a real Broadway game and everything looks pink. But the jealous diva who plays in the play hates her for inexplicable reasons and forces her to be thrown off the stage. Unleashed, he heads to England and becomes a real star. A few years later, he returns to New York to take his baby - but the child is older and believes that the woman who cares for her is her true mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now believes that if he gets $ 10,000, he can take the man out of prison. As another commentator wrote, is it bribing people? How can he get $ 10,000 different - maybe he'll buy a helicopter so he can fly to the prison yard and take him out! Wow - this is enough for 2 or 3 movies! And, all this happens in 45 minutes! Believe it or not, there's more to it. If you care really, see yourself to find out how it all works. <br /> <br /> This is a sort of writing of the kitchen sink - basically throwing everything and hoping, in a way, everything will work. Unfortunately, the film proves to be incredibly incredible and frightening despite the best efforts of Ms. Francis. It's a kind of movie that no one could really save thanks to a second-rate plot. It's almost as if someone just took a few dozen plot items, threw them into a box and then started randomly choosing them to make a movie! Generally, if you are not a fan of Kay Francis or love something made by Hollywood in the 1930s, this is one you can easily jump. It's not terrible, but it's definitely not good. By the way, the child playing Francis's daughter on his return to New York (Sybil Jason) was really terrible. I think it should be ... I guess.
