When a man who does not have Alzheimer does not remember how many movies he's made, he's probably the most prolific director of the world. That man is Jesus Franco, the king of so-called "eurotrash." His 1980 film Devil Hunter is as fast, opaque, stupid, lazy as the exploiter in the most true sense of the word (the title of the movie is misleading for the beginning) like any other Franco movie I've seen. That makes the sound pretty awful and it is ... However, Franco has a kind of inimitable sensitivity, a generous way with the outrageous, nudity, laziness and violence, and even with his cheap, inexpensive edit, trying to pave the extreme rush with which all of his films have been made. The combination of all these elements makes you strolling movies even if you wait longer to end because they are so boring. Devil Hunter is almost incomprehensible for the first time half an hour. The kidnapping of a white woman's stranger, who seems to be a model or a film star, is intertwined with a native action in South America. There are plenty of repeated bumps, repeated dances and dots, on a nasty pole of totem. You need to get used to the repetitive zoomes and the technique of cutting back to the same photo three times in a row, as these are Franco's main methods of extending a movie to a feature length. <br /> <br /> The monster that looks like the totem pole is really scary. He has sore eyes and his presence is always signaled on the soundtrack by cacophonic jams, apparently recorded in an echo chamber. At the beginning of the play, he chews a native woman tied to a tree and it's hard to know what really happens here, but I think he ate the stomach (or genitals, sweet Jesus!) Anyway, adventure begins properly when a crazy man and his spooky friend in Viet Nam are sent to the island to recover the white girl from the kidnappers. The flair has an accent that, as it is called, is half of the Brooklyn-American, English-Liverpudlian English and all retarded. All the dialogue and duplication are ridiculous and ridiculous, making another layer of the movie that can keep you in some way of interest. It's not going too far from here and it's going pretty slow, with a strange outbreak of rape like a rape. The nebulous action is strengthened (haaha!) Of nudity acres of 360 degrees from the natives and from the two female faces and even from the monster itself. The fact that he walks with the exposed penis makes him struggle with an ungrateful perspective for the tough hero, but it must be done at some point and it is nice to mention that the director will show somebody's genitals on the camera. /> The best feature of Devil Hunter is location filming. Franco can be extremely inexpensive with the structural and story aspects of film production, but does not fight with sets. You have real islands, jungles, helicopters and mountains, all in wide screen. This is one thing that is really nice to experience these days of sets of CGIs and ad hoc backgrounds. Ultimately, the referral problems where this film is concerned seems to be a mood. If you try to see all the Nasties videos, you will have to watch this at some point, and you will be as anxious as I am. If you like Franco, you'll look at it anyway. If you do not go into any of the above categories, the probability is that you will not encounter this movie. The kids in him are not just around, and I could barely recommend to look. It's Franco. Lazy, Mad Franco.
