2 stars for Kay Francis - it's great! And it's not worth that strange weird thing that Warner Bros. he threw his way! <br /> <br /> The two-point premise on which this film is based is ridiculous and incredible in the extreme. Kay is a small wife and a mother who wants to be a little bigger: she wants to be an actress. When a great adventurer comes to the city and invites Kay to the hotel to talk about the possibilities, Kay tells his husband that he's going to the movies. A nursing mother of a young man gives a bug in Hubby's ear, that Kay is not true, and that he is trying to find her. Actor finds the hotel (speaking only!) And he hits the guy falls over a railing, goes face to face in a pond (lake?) And dies. Now here are two prerequisites incredible underlying rest of the movie: 1) the judge tells the jury that if it is established that the man died * before * his head into the water, you have to find the culprit guilty of murder first grade. (Whaaaaa ???????????????????????????????????????????????? ?? ???? because he could be sent to prison for life, whatever.) 2) Hubby's lawyer, after conviction and sentencing, Kay says it's all his fault. His reason is that if the actor would have left room, then her husband should not have to go after her and kill the guy and kill him. He tells her that she is the culprit, not her husband, and she nods and agrees. What the. THE. Hell?!?!?! The rest of the film is related to Kay, trying to get fame and money to free her husband from prison and even wrong to commit causing them to kill the actor first. <br /> <br /> I can not even go through this review. The movie was too painful. Four years earlier, on pre-code days, you would never have caught Kay playing such a game! In true fashion, Kay Francis, however, did everything in her power to make us believe that this woman was a credible person. I trust him very much for trying to breathe life and credibility with this unique role. This character was a cry far away from Kay Francis's pre-code Kay and spitfire roles. There are much better Kay Francis vehicles out there! (From personal experience, I can recommend Mary Stevens, MD and Jewel Robbery, also good ones are Dr. Monica and One Way Passage I'm sure there are other big Kay movies, but I just mention the ones you saw and can recommend you.)
