For beginners and for recording, the term "necromancy" describes the black magic art of bringing death back to life, and in no way refers to having sex with corpses. This is called necrophilia, and yes, I know it's a clear difference, but I already get many remarks from my acquaintances and relatives that I have a perverted taste in the movies! This movie is just the opposite of perverted or sleazy, in fact, and qualifies only as boring, inept and terribly bad. "Necromancy" makes at least a top five ranking, in the list of the most harmless films ever made! Now, director Bert I. Gordon is not very famous for delivering masterpieces (on his repertoire there are titles such as "Earth vs. Spider", "The King's Dinosaur" and "The Foods of the Gods"), but he really has overcome it altogether sense, redundancy and utterly meaningless witchcraft and small towns. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing her dead baby, Lori and her husband, Frank, move to the small quiet town of Lillith, where Frank suddenly offered a prominent workplace in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and feels an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the patriarch of the city and Mr Cato's "owner" who behaves very tedious and mysterious. There's another thing. How can someone "hold" a city and everyone in it? Anyway, Lori gradually discovers that everyone in Lillith is a witch, and Mr Cato brought him exclusively to the city because of his supernatural ability to raise the dead. For a few years, Cato is trying to bring his dead son to life and is ready to make any human sacrifice. Frankly, I do not see the point of the whole movie. Is that a clear shot of "Rosemary's Child"? one of the alternative titles is even "Rosemary Disciples"? but the script is muddled and stupid beyond belief. Why is no one allowed to have children as long as Cato's son remains dead? That's really selfish! When, where and how Lori suddenly learned to raise the dead? "Necromanism" surely contains some really unusual and atmospheric moments, but these are done without being realized either by complete coincidence or by a total lack of budget. Granular photography gives the film a brilliant atmosphere, and fixed pieces look pretty cheap to be creepy. Orson Welles' show? undoubtedly the bottom point of his career? is pitiful and yet it is the best aspect of the whole movie.
