The only previous Gordon movie I watched was the kiddie THE SWORD MAGIC (1962), although I followed this shortly after with EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977); he seems to be best remembered, however, for his science fiction work in the 1950s. Anyway, I did in this regard in a DVD rental store: I did not notice the unmistakable figure of Orson Welles on the sleeves, I probably would not even have bothered her - since I know the movie under its original title, NECROMANCY! I saw a moment from my old father's horrible body: the actor's presence in a film about diabolism seemed a great idea he could not miss, but the end result - especially in this bastard edition - is disaster! I am really sorry for Welles, who seems bored and, rather than in his deep, voiceful voice, he mumbles the demonic invocations almost in the whisper! <br /> <br /> The plot is, in principle, another remake of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): a couple is invited to a distant community under false pretexts and soon finds themselves surrounded by devils. The girl, played by Pamela Franklin, obviously has supernatural powers (transmitted by her mother, which appears intermittently to alert her - yet, as it was presented in an intense manner through her tight teeth, her speeches end up largely incoherent immense immense every time it appears!) and expects to invigorate Welles' deceased son from death! For what it is worth, Franklin - a regular genre, even from debut performance in "The Innocents" (1961) - is not bad in her role (which requires nudity and experiences with some semi-auspicious hallucinations throughout the film); Michael Ontkean, however, is not facing the challenge of his character John Cassavetes. Some of the other girls look good too-especially Lee Purcell, whose late decision to help Franklin out of town eventually proves to be dismantled. The events end up in an incredibly muddled climax that sees Satanism finally turning to Franklin and giving him the place of the resurrected boy in the coffin (that's the gratitude for you!). While the added scenes came out (the hilarious opening ceremony and other erotic arrangements), the overall quality of the film would still have been poor without them; then again, this special version is still submerged by the attacked electronic score - which is completely inadequate, and cheesy in the extreme!
