As a teenager, I was pretty big in Bigfoot - I read the books and watched the reported observations. As a more nervous adult, I largely give up the big guy now, but do not mind watching the strange movie when I meet one. It has had some strong points - especially the recreations of two of the most famous Bigfoot meetings - the 1924 Water Canyon incident and the Bauman incident of 1850 in connection with and by Teddy Roosevelt, both of which I have been somewhat familiar with that reading young woman I did. The film considers both incidents involved a sasquatch, while both incidents have more plausible explanations, but recreations have been well done. There is also a homage paid at the beginning of the movie at the famous Patterson film, again taking into account its authenticity. The sasquatch meeting at the end of the movie was also very well made and had a very dreadful sensation, as sasquatch was mainly represented in shadows or as hairy legs that go through horrified men. Unfortunately, in total, these four things could have been about 20 minutes, while the movie as a whole is just over an hour and a half. It's a fictional story (done in a documentary style) expedition in a remote area from northern British Columbia to the suspected sasquatch home. A computer targeted this area based on viewing and - in one of the funniest scenes in the movie - the computer also used "eyewitnesses" to draw a picture of a sasquatch that looked exactly like the "creature" of the Patterson video! Apart from the 20 minutes I've mentioned, we're basically watching the expedition trip, which means we're looking at a bunch of boys going on a long camping trip. I went on camping boys. Let me tell you that they have never been worthy of a movie. Interposed among the boredom lengths are some beautiful pictures of wild animals (although it is suspected that preserved images or perhaps captive animals that behave like wild animals) and there are some spectacular landscapes, except that the landscape is not north British Columbia, is from the Oregon National Parks. I appreciated that we never gave a real picture of sasquatch, so I did not have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of this. 3/10
