It is said that this is a French film, LOL, with an emphasis on young girls with older men ... why are the French so fixed in this kind of stuff? When the age difference is so great, it is really lost as a perverse! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she has a strong resemblance to Olivia Hussey, of Zeffirelli's "Romeo and Juliet", set in a similar period), but it looks like about 15, and the actor who plays Tassi, 50 is a guy. Other posters have been the work to explain the historical (unusually detailed in this case) historical real Artemisia, a great artist and one of the earliest painters recognized by this period (17th century). Her story tells us in modern times, especially due to the old accusation, that "all good artists are men" - she throws that bit of affirmation over bits - and because the story of her rape trial is so disturbing. Not only has she been clearly assaulted and forced into a degrading sexual relationship (because in those days marriage with your aggressor was the only way to avoid social shame), but Tassi was a serial killer and maybe, wife and child. > <br /> The film makes a terrible drawback by reversing this truly fascinating and remarkable life story - very dramatic and without needing any "splash up" - because in a strange way Frenzy is a "hotter" teenager overwhelmed that pulls male sexual organs and has a hot love affair with a man old enough to be her grandfather. This is "sexy" - the truth is boring and seems too feminist / politically correct. It also bothers me to be just a part of Artemisia's life considered to be interesting for the movie. The fact that he had painted for decades (Judith's famous painting, decapitating Holfernes, was painted afterwards, not before rape), that she was the first woman admitted to the prestigious Florentine Academy, that she had children ... boring things. After all, it's a middle-aged woman and they're not "hot" as teenagers. I understand there is a lot of creative licenses in making a movie (or a book) about a true history. You have to create dialogue, have subplots, create a dramatic structure. Of course, some details can be sacrificed - it's not a big deal if the data is moved for a few years or if Artemisia is interpreted by a blond actress (when we know from self-portraits that she was a brunette ... and a big boneless one, not a miniature weak) or something like that. But to turn the story around her and to make rape in a love story is actually sick and disturbing. It's even worse because the director is a woman. She should be ashamed of herself! If you like this (and I know some people might care less about the true artist and the way old-fashioned and hot-costumes are going on), you probably love "Dangerous Beauty" with Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack . Similarly, relying on a strongly re-written history, with lots of combs and jewels inlaid with jewelry: Bon Appetit!
