SPOILERS might matter ..... I'm surprised by the high rating of this movie to be honest .. I really have. All I saw was a short-lived propaganda film that has nothing to say. (Note for yourself you need to check the rating for the Platoon here) This movie was so black and white ... Good Americans ... anyone else either bad or useless. I took it as the British troops she should have been SAS (one of the most elite units in the world would most agree that I'm pretty sure) they lost 3 men and the others ran while US troops who were not even the Elite soldiers in the battlefield have kept the ground and opened a glass of ass to them with masked Iraqi masters. You know I can tell you. The only good thing I have to say about this movie came in that sense when the sniper took the SAS man ... long distance blast, a good sound ... very well done, but the rest ... Spare what am I'm 10 years old? Well, I am not and can see the nonsense propaganda in a movie and the boy made this movie have. SPOILER ... Oh, yes, in the main madman, a wild guy can not stay at home with his wife and child ... it does not have to be one more year to fight for a lie of war! Why ... because young people need emotions or something apparent. To say that I am surprised by the high rating of this movie are indeed. I do not hate America I am hated by the message of this film, which seems like it does not even want to face the problems of an illegal war (in my eyes) that is fair enough, because there are clearly people who think it is a just war for any wicked reason (she meant something else, but she was censored), but hey that's from them. But to take a film so unilaterally, as if it were black and white ... well bad is lazy and treats me like a child. In war, there are a lot of ashes and two (sometimes more) parties who believe in what is fighting for them. No wars with stars, with some dark stuff good lyrics. For Hollywood's sake, sometimes you're just making men for mugs ... then again 7.8 ... well, maybe you're right, but I will not buy it. I'm glad I downloaded this movie telling you everything for nothing. ;)
