I like a good war movie and I'm in the "was there, done" category. I would like to think that my review is accurate (IMHO). After watching this movie on DVD, I can safely say it was a bunch of garbage. I can not recommend this movie. He started out with me saying "do not do that" etc ... but soon I realized that a bit of work experience would be a hindrance, so I cooled off a bit. But on the opening scene when the trailer's wheel fell, I had a bad feeling that this movie would be a predictable dock ... I was right. There simply was no logic for EOD scenes. I only know that the army team had some of the worst insurgents ever at the other end of the command line or the remote trigger. I was so much left to scratch my head all the time. When you think you know where the story is going, the Humvee boys are leaving alone around the desert. One of the most valuable assets at the theater was a journal that struck some SAS contractors. <br /> <br /> The sniper scene was just ridiculous. It just did not make any sense and made me want to stop there and then. Then, for them to pull him for so long, he tested my patience. It started with the "Contact Right" and quickly descended the hill. If you had a British accent, then you were shot, but if you were part of the EOD team, then suddenly you were a big shot and saved the day. Then, as you thought it was over, it stretched over a long, inexplicably long time, without adding anything to the story. Just let it look and wonder why it's not over yet? Then I had the drink scene where they hit one another for a laugh ... another scene you just wanted to end up. He did not add anything to the movie. Then, as my life seemed very boring, the main star came out of the line to hunt someone down. This is the most ridiculous scene I've ever seen. It contradicted all the logic and the ability to write a good story ... it was meaningless and dreadful. I still do not understand why they have lost time. Then, to see him just passing through the busy streets heading for the camp, I rolled on the floor of laughter. Comedy comedy :) The sadness is that this story is throughout the show without really deciding what it wants to be. I thought it would be silly stupid EOD scenarios, but then he continued to walk on the tangents trying to be something different. But as hard as he tried, he just bored me to death. All I wanted was to end. It was a dirty compilation of silly scenes mixed in a series of stupid, meaningless, actionless (ish) scenes. There is no way I can recommend this. Perhaps my work experience has compromised joy, but even naive people have to realize that this does not make sense. The only thing worse than this movie is the IMDb rating artificially high ... which should be the 24-hour work of the PR boxing team that seems to use this site as a way to make everyone to believe it is good. Sorry people ... it just is not! <br /> <br /> It is not recommended ... it will only wear you.
