Like the day after, Ayn Rand, Bigelow is a big macho lady in her picture in the film of some tough humbres of Americans blocked in Iraq, defusing bombs along the road set by ruthless and troubled Arab terrorists. As Bigelow puts the Iraq war on the backdrop of the great stage of human drama, a veteran bomb expert is thrown into the air, and another appears to replace him in the hot, ugly dust, which is Iraq, and is born new hero. <br /> <br /> The new type is what John Hershey described in his book, and later the film "The Lover of War," as a sadnut wingnut, which is in fact not suitable for civilian life and requires warfare sublime and suppress his erroneous sexual desires. The lover of war can work fully in the war, peacetime suffocates him. While Hershey punished his war lover (played in Steve McQueen's film in one of the most important roles), Bigelow glorifies him. The army needs war lovers, it's a defense bastion against our enemies. We can not deal with the truth, that war lovers are the best soldiers, the best people. According to Bigelow uniron, ordinary men are birds, the lover of war is a special race, the last cowboy. So, if he wants to get his men back or caress an Iraqi boy? It is a crush on the cult of war on sex and death. In war, sex is a heartless, loveless one, do not ask, you do not call yourself a male link. Bigelow has no opinion in this respect; it only limits masculine options in this attempt to confess to realism. Only a war lover can win the moral fight between good and evil, between American innocence and Arab perfection. Bigelow hides racism and arrogance in front of the ingenious face of journalism. She is just another gang-yahoo who has a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. On the political front, Bigelow returns to the Western genre and his relentless clichés again and again, ad nauseam: the wonderful world of the open border, which happens to be someone else's country. ("You can shoot people here," says a soldier); the tough comrade, but the black man, the soldier with a premonition of death, the unlucky, crazy, commanding officer, the mad college-educated trying to get along with the enemy. Say it, Bigelow revives it. Boy-boy love is palpable in scenes with the cute Arab boy who is fond of boyfriend of war, but Bigelow plays it straight; she does not consume sex, but only uninstalls her. What really wants Bigelow to show us is the ugly, astounding face of the Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not badly sick is anyway demented, hostile or not good. Everyone deserves to die for their impudence, and many of them make this gore-fest movie. Iraqi women are all hysterical, they only make their presence known by screaming. It could be men's male stunt in love for everything I know, you do not see their faces. There is no female presence at the base or battle, although the rates of women's casualties in Iraq would hinder this. Bigelow goes through all the movements one by one. She glorifies the war, she canonizes the sadic hero nut. Cowboys, Indians surrounded by subhumans, proving their mastery, doing the work of God and applying them on muttering bloody terrorist infested with pure soul and suicidal mania. Towards the end, I felt the rooting for the Indians. In Bigelow's world, however, no mercy or understanding ever does. Iraqis are dehumanized by excellence. The attack of civilians is just the dramatic backdrop of our hero's sexual psychological battle. Every US bullet finds his fingerprint. You have to love the guy, the boyfriend of the war. It's just his way, he's the real hero. He's just a guy trying to make things hard, so if he wants her for the tang boy.
