I want to clarify a few things. I am not familiar with Ming-liang Tsai's films and am very familiar with art cinemas; I grew up in the seventy years of Goddard, Fellini, Bergman, Bertolucci and many others. such as paints. People have done it to express their inner feelings, not too worried if other people understand something. These were beyond commercial values; Look at some old Antonioni (or at the beginning of Picasso) and you will understand. Tian bian yi duo yun has nothing to do with it. It is an opportunistic film designed to trick the judges and festival critics, playing many things without saying anything. The story does not make sense. Lack of water makes the government promote the use of watermelon for hydration. A desperate girl steals water from public toilets. There is also a porn porn (neighbor) trying to make a movie with an actress he does not seem to feel comfortable with. There is a romantic awakening between the girl and the porn. The misery ends with a sexual (not pornographic) scene where many people feel shocked, but I think it's less challenging than you can see in American Pie or in the history of violence. talk. Sometimes a musical style of 60 appears and explains (through a melody) what's going on in the minds of the characters. These videos are really welcome, because the previous scene, without dialogue or music, only the people who look at each other have 4, 5 or even more minutes, which are too many in filming times. There are also some fragments about "hard to do sex without love," "the selfish mind of the porn industry." <br /> <br /> It is obvious that this film wanted (to escape with him) to trick the festival's jurors and critics. It has some pseudo-shocking scenarios (within the limits of Taiwan's censorship) and many topics are open, but nothing is done or goes anywhere. <br /> <br /> These tricks have received the film a few important (contested) prices at the film festivals and get the film an undeserved commercial success (I saw the film in France and the theater was packed). <br /> <br /> However, please, do not be fooled. There is nothing new or original or even initially said or filmed in this film. It is boring and empty; indeed a fraud for the public. Boogie Nights (which I did not like very much), intimacy and 9 songs are much better movies.
