Almost in the same league as Yonfan's Blonde of Color, Spider Lillies leads the point at home that you can make cutting-edge cinematography endlessly or much in the way of cutting. It is a Taiwanese film that in this day and age turns into a novelty at an alarming rate, but more than at the same time, we can find very few things worth noting here. <br /> <br /> You should know which, apparently, Spider Lillies is also a story about lesbians, but from all points of view this is nothing more than a plastic game that easily lures seduction and arrogant. In many ways we have here a repeat of our recently released Taiwan Eternal Summer colleague. Then, homosexual men received the short change treatment, now we have the same thing with women. Zero Chou presents, for your non-existent edification, a story that could be up to fifteen years old. They have managed to have a certain position in the art of the house, but ultimately this results in an enemy incursion, simply uninteresting. The Hong Kong Angle comes in the form of Isabella Leung (Bug Me Not, Isabella, Jurnal), here sporting its most butch appearance yet. Although somewhat enjoyable in previous jobs, Isabella in Spider Lillies is apparent and is missing in most departments. Not even the heart was in it, nor did the whole lesbian theme of drama make enough appeal to her sensibilities. She is a Taipei tattoo artist who is shy, reluctant and takes care of a younger mentally challenged brother, played by John Shen, who fortunately gives the film a single ransom-related redeeming feature. The character of Isabella, strangely named by Takeko, but assumed to have called from Hong Kong, is soon coming to the disadvantaged Jade youth (Rainie Yang of the Meteor Garden). The latter lives with her grandmother and has a list of dissatisfactions due to her abandonment by her parents and her life in general. Sure, the grandmother's part works well and touches, but otherwise Jade as a protagonist is just as impassioned as her counterpart Takeko. The two women share a past and a lot of inappropriate accretion with Jade working as a webcam girl, while Takeko keeps her father's legacy alive with a unique tattoo of a lilly spider dressed on her arm. Jade also wants to acquire this very good design, which makes Takeko explore the inner feelings of the problem through flashbacks and a fairly low speech with the rage of Jade. Well, if there are not too few speeches to write about homebase, is it at least memorable intercourse? In a word, no. They kissed and were pretending to make the near-death mumbles, but, as the eternal time remembered for a long time, there is a gap measured in the years of showing sexual content and making ticket buyers to believe that they are about to see sexual content. This <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This cynical expectation will seal the fate of Spider Lillies. With a poor story, an adventure, and a lack of global relics to take you from the theater, this guy makes Blossoms of Color look good, come to think of it. At least we have some mammals of Teresa Cheung. No, Spider Lillies is not an AV masterpiece and should be hit by the playlist of the most humorous and shy GLB film festival. Amazing for a pseudo-indie version, even the soundtrack and cinema do not produce inspiration. That's just as good, because it makes transmission of Spider Lillies much easier. Believe us, avoid it and you will not miss anything good. Rating: * *
