Silent Night, Deadly Night 5 is the last series of the series and, like part 4, is not related to the top three, except for the titles and the fact that it's a horror movie on Christmas theme. amazing things happen ... Mickey Rooney plays a toy named Joe Petto and the name of his creepy son is Pino. Does a bell sound, anybody? Now, a little boy called Derek heard a knock at the door one night and opened it to find a gift on the door for him. Even if he said "he does not open until Christmas," he begins to open it anyway, but he is stopped by his father, who quarrels him and sends him to bed and opens the gift himself. Inside is a small red ball that blows up Santa's arms and a head and continues to kill Dad. Oops, maybe he should have left himself alone. Of course Derek is traumatized by the incident, since he was watching him on the stairs, but he does not grow to be a killer Santa, he just stops talking. There is a mysterious stranger stranger around, who seems very interested in the toys that Joe Petto does. We see him even buy a bunch when Derek's mom takes him to the store to find a gift for him to get him out of his trauma. And what's this guy doing? Well, we're not sure, but he seems to take these toys out to see what makes them beat. It prevents the owner from evading the promised to pay him the cash the next day and presents him with a toy "Larry the Larvae" for his baby, but of course "Larry" is not a good toy and gets out of the car and , of course, well, things are not beautiful. Anyway, eventually what happens to Joe Petto and Pino is obviously revealed, and as in the old story, Pino is not a "real boy". Pino is probably even more agitated and naughty because he suffers from "Kenitalia" (a piece of smooth plastic) so he can explain his bad ways. And the identity of the stranger who is hiding is also revealed and there is some kind of end of happiness. Whee. <br /> <br /> A step up from part 4, but not long. Again, Brian Yuzna is involved and Screaming Mad George, so some decent special effects, but not enough to do this wonderful. Some remains of the 4th cling also like Clint Howard and Neith Hunter, but that makes no difference. Anyway, I've seen the whole series in my system now. Now, if I could get something out of my brain. 4 of 5.
