The responsible Pinocchio theme and set during the Christmas season (after the previous abandoned Christmas ties) played toys captured in order to kill a child (yet, other victims are accidentally injured in the trial) probably by a " son "of a toy manufacturer. Screaming Mad George was responsible for killer toys (including a larva falling into the victim's mouth and out of the eye, the other where soldier toys actually shoot real bullets in a babysitter after her boyfriend was basically strangled by a toy by hand, remote control). The little target is a mute child named Derek (William Thorne), whose stepfather was killed by a red ball with extended arms that face his face, making him land on a fireplace poker. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) worries about the mental state of her son, imagining her reticence with the opening of her presents or, more importantly speaking, she comes from forgetting her husband's terrible killing. Derek's true father, Noah (Tracy Fraim), is afraid of his son's safety and reluctantly informs his ex-girlfriend Sarah that local toyaker Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) has once been arrested for trapping toys, to the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car accident. Instead, a vengeance said that if they could not have a son, then others should not be. However, a heavy boy (often seeing to swallow Jack), Petto seems to have abandoned his feelings for children, but his creepy son, Pino (Brian Bremer), did not, and Derek strives to defend themselves. Why? Soon you will understand. Special effects quite disappointing and premise pretty bad. Rooney's name adds an attraction to the film, gaining notoriety, but his histrionic can only help so much. The appealing actor, lead Higginson (Frama) and Fraim, as a man who re-enters her life, are not so bad, but the plot that is developing is hard to take seriously. I think that's the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in such a movie as this one ... he has no place to bring his teamman anything other than anger and despair, quite volatile, barely holding together when he explodes in anger against Pino when he does not come down with liquor. Bremer is appropriately weird and "robotic" like Pino, wanting to have Sarah as his mother. The practical effects used during attacks on victims are rather unconvincing. The rise of Mad George's work with Savage Steve Holland was far more effective than what we see in this film. The sex that everybody talks about is not as free as many would have thought (I can not even remember my nudity). Probably the best of the many sequels appeared green, but it's not exactly an endorsement. I'm pretty sure writing on paper, it was a fun concept, the idea of ​​spying Pinocchio using horror elements, but the result does not blow you exactly.
