So, why does that look? Unfortunately, this is really the only question, because there is no doubt that it does. For those who are not familiar with the premise of the show, Cavemen's War Destruction series focuses on a number of Neanderthals and their struggle to exist in modern America and relies on the characters featured in a series of television ads for Geico Insurance. The concept is solid and there is every reason to believe it could be executed successfully. I had to think about it for a while, but then the slogan of the commercials - something like "You" is not so different from you "gave me the key to sucking the show. Even though the cave / neanderthal people are a character different from humanity, the characters in this show, it seems, are exactly the same as we are boring. A gaming writer - rather than a soulless hacker, a committee based on California commissions - but this show has had so much potential and none has been achieved.For the beginning, manufacturers should have focused on the fun things that would make people different from us.What might be funny, for example, to offer them occupations such as a perpetual student and a furniture store when they were more attracted to things like underground utilities and guides to cave parks? Why would they play gossip games like squash, when a whole episode might be dedicated to their attempt to get hunting licenses to go after playing with spears? A show like this could write itself and it takes some intense letters to do this rather cumbersome and boring. Another tedious aspect of this show is an attempt to describe captains as being subject to a number of stereotypes associated with different human minorities. Yawning! This has been done so many times before and never more than that. And, as mentioned before, the Neanderthals are indeed a different species, so their use as a metaphor for racial stereotypes is both unconvincing and trademark. Responses are welcome, including those from someone who wants to say why I'm wrong. I would like to enjoy this show and I am sorry that I have not succeeded so far. Michael J. Varhola, Skirmisher Online Gaming Magazine
