Dieter Bohlen, the notorious German composer and producer of populated pop hits such as "You're my heart, you're my soul", felt the need to tell his story - and graciously decided to hire a ghost writer. The result was a funny book about his life. Well, more or less a fuzzy picture about it. He did not deny he was a selfish madman, but the whole story was breathed to fit his self-image. No word that he probably beat his ex-wife and got into the hospital. However, it was written in a style fun and a huge success after its emergence as a jury member of the German version of "American Idol" - especially his comments unforgettable. This should be the end of the story - indeed. The hype of the show "Idol" called "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" (DSDS abbreviated), one must come with terrible idea to make a movie out of the book. The result is Dieter - Film "I rarely saw a movie that is so desperate to be fun and fails so completely. None of the gag is touching the point. Naddel's voice and style of speech moved immediately, though Verona's voice should have done more. Obvious gags, childish, predictable and long destroy any motivation to watch this movie to end in a few minutes. The content of the film is an adaptation of film hazy, usually written by a ghost writer based memory's ideal Bohlen. He could have used this freedom to do almost everything. It was supposed to be a satire, but they failed. The story is absolutely uninteresting and that voiceover is Bohlen himself ensure that all satirical film has nothing at all. No wonder it was considered bad for the release of cinema. The likelihood that this would be rotten in some archives was quite large until recently, when the current DSDS season proved to be a mediocre success. With the "friendly" help of the largest German newspaper "BILD" in Germany and the desperate situation of RTL to have something in the program, while the still unbeaten show "Wetten dass ...?" Running on Channel 2, the movie finally came to television - unfortunately. Watching this movie is a waste of time - of course, there are better cartoons with much more fun and a story actually worth watching. /> <br /> Therefore: 2/10
