OK OK, it would be hard to put a man's life in a single movie. Traditionally, the biopic focuses on one or two significant parts of the subject's life. Now, Byron was a "My Week Beats Your Year" colleague, which makes selecting songs that are even more difficult to represent. Moreover, just as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, man's life must be seen as a whole. Raising the pieces out not only does not show the overall picture, it shows another picture altogether. Now, in short, my review is limited to this: supposedly, Byron was really "my week beats your year" prototype, a guy who lived so intense that he really did more in those 15 active years than most do in a lifetime. True, he had detentions and was a victim of the time and social conditions in which he lived - but ultimately this guy should be the prototype we want to lead all of us, right? Well, NO, NEVER, I would like to live the life described in this movie. So it becomes 3. Not because it was done so badly (which, directly, more or less it was), but more importantly for the missing full point in a flat plot. More details. Well, to simplify things, a Byron bio should have two distinct episodes: 1. Travel after the First Europe: England and its appearance in fame + marriage / 2. His life abroad. Now, the important thing is that the second part should be at least as important as the first one. Not only was there much more, but Byron's most significant change took place then. Moreover, he created the best works (Don Juan, the Judgment of Judgment, etc. - all that really makes him * unique in English literature). Instead, in this movie (), Byron's life never meets as entertaining fun, (b) gets worse * after leaving England. They did two good jobs: first, they started on the return of their journey to Europe (although a little more of the real voyage would have been welcomed as a prologue); second, they chose an angle and chose their love incest for Augusta (which is quite perfectly expressed). The problem with this last thing is that they did not let him go. Indeed, Byron remained tied to Augusta for the rest of his life, but, especially as he was a moody person, the fact that his letters reflected that does not mean that at other times he would not have enjoyed life. br /> <br /> Anyway, the first part of the TV movie should have ended with leaving England. There is no doubt about that. The thing is: Once abroad, he began a life of despair (with the infamous periods in Geneva), but in Italy, Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by the Italian comedy), already in Venice, found Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (after Shelly's request with Teresa in Pisa). In other words, he was also * liberated *. His mind and life were opened (and not only in a decadent sense), while England was still closed because it fell into the gravitational pull of the Victorian era. True, freedom was less Augusta, but this sweet-sweet freedom has a sour taste in this movie. We see a lonely snob, boring in age. I mean, Byron did not think too much about his poetry, except when he finally found his voice in Don Juan! Apart from the poetic and romantic evolutions, his relationship with Shelly (and down-break) should have been more documented. Also in Italy, in Ravenna, he engages in political ideas and revolutionary ideas. This is important because it shows that the romantic language and decadent, and eventually Childe Harold's escapist transforms into the more realistic and easier passion of Don Juan's language and person. Life and work are one thing. True, still a bit naive, but that brought him to Greece! And it all came to a circle in Pisa, where the revolutionary spirit of Shelley sparked the spark. Missolonghi was not the snob bored suddenly looking for some action. It was the insights of Italy (Gambas) that mixed him into action. It can be a symbol for the man looking for an old-style fighting enthusiasm, while the rest of Europe stays in the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But not only has there been a true inspiration behind it. Meanwhile, Byron wrote numerous quantities of Don Juan. True, its end is a bit sad, but it's not like it was used. This is the essence of Byron's life: he may have had some strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but he has succeeded in reinventing himself. It means he was not "less" at the end of his life - no, he did a physical and psychical journey that few people were then ready to do. I wonder . Why is the second period of Byron's life often neglected? Because he had less obvious conflicts, while the man was finally approaching himself? By focusing our attention on scandalous angry England, we show that we are not much better than the then English aristocracy that Byron despised and who, despite having no choice, fled in 1816, to find a modern and liberal world sufficient to let them find the voice that would make him the first romantic linguistic poet and evolve from a self-obsessed snob to a passionate man who moves forward with a cause.
