I think he can sum up this show, and everything else. Batman TAS may be the worst thing that can ever happen to comic book cartoons because everything that comes after it will be compared to it and nothing has measured it so far. It's just too good. Did Batman Be Well? "Yes, but it was not TAS." Is the League of Justice good? "It's not too bad, but it's not TAS." Batman is certainly not TAS, but I will not take this into account. It would be incorrect and in addition, she has a lot of other problems with her. The concept of a younger, less experienced crime Batman is a good one and sometimes the art is very beautiful. But for the rest of the time, art is worthless in America, and this betrays many of the flaws of the show itself. It is rhythmic, written and conceived as an American. If I wanted to watch Jackie Chan's Adventures, I'd watch Jackie Chan's Adventures. Or I could beat my head in a wall at any time and get the same effect. Joker is a deadly, mentally unstable clown in a suit that uses intelligence, unpredictability and intelligent gadgets to fight against Batman. When he is forced to fight his hand, he will resort to something inexpensive or will be totally overcome. He is not meant to be a monkey with dreadlocks who knows kung-fu and can jump in twenty feet in the air, accompanied by speed lines. If he wanted to do this with a bastard, there would have been other less important characters he could have used or swallowed * he could have created a whole new one. And it's not that re-imaginations are a bad thing, do not get me wrong. TAS (there I go again) I took Mr. Freeze from your bastard B's standard villain and turn him into a memorable and morally complex character. Of course Freeze was not exactly a classic villain at the time and they upgraded but the point stands. What makes The Batman is that it takes everything you liked with Batman comic stripes and lures it and takes a big, smelly hole on them. Guess what? They were eating corn. It is obvious that this show can not resist TAS, but you stand on your own feet and it still does not work for me. Plots are not good and do not grow better. They were written for the demographics of children under the age of twelve. Should children be able to enjoy a show? Of course it should. This should not be a show for adults with oaths, nudity and free violence. But the note of a really good show is that they can enjoy on different levels of all ages. This show misses this note. Is this show a TAS? No, of course not. The problem is that it's not even a JLU.
