I'm a big fan of Batman comics and I'm disappointed when I no longer find Batman: The animated series on TV. I was delighted to learn that there would be a new Batman cartoon on TV. I watched the first episode the day she premiered and I was very disappointed. First, the animation is very poor. It looks like a cheap, scary Japanese anime. Then again, almost every contemporary cartoon is like that. Character design is even worse. Batman looks more like Birdman, Catwoman looks more like Chihuahuawoman, Bane looks more like a red version of Hulk, Penguin is a Kung-Fu master, Mr Freeze is a great thing with an iceberg on his head, and Riddler is a Gothic look by Marilyn Manson (which is fun because I do not expect people who are obsessed with riddles and puzzles to be Gothic). The worst character design is that of the Joker. They transformed him into a Bob Marley / Kung-Fu monkey / dementia fighter! Joker should be Batman's deadliest enemy, but in this show he is not a threat because his crimes are so bad and meaningless. In an episode, his plan was to put Joker's venom in dog food! Oh, how bad! Batman is a fascinating and complex character because he is haunted by the deaths of his parents, which is why he is fighting the crime. This version of Batman does not seem to be haunted by the deaths of his parents and is not at all interesting. He's also not a detective, just a fighter. If there is an enemy he can not defeat, he will not study the enemy to find the weaknesses that a detective would do, he will build a giant robot to defeat them. Many times this show does not even feel like a Batman show, just another brainless anime that is nothing but a pointless fight. What I hate the most about this show is what they did with the villains. They have taken everything that makes them full of love and relationships and turn them into bad guys stereotypes. Man-Bat is the biggest example. In comics, he is a tragic scientist who studies bats to find a cure for his deafness. When he experiences himself, he accidentally turns into a giant creature of bats. In this show, he is a crazy scientist who wants to intentionally turn into a giant creature of bats for no apparent reason. Almost all the evildoers are so; none of them, except for about one or two, have a real reason for their crimes. The worst characterization is that of Mr Freeze. In the comic strip, Freeze was a crazy scientist until genius writer Paul Dini wrote the episode BTAS "Heart of Ice," which gave Freeze a new origin that made him a more tragic, three-dimensional, and more pleasant character . The episode was so popular that fans accepted it as its true origin and was even used in comics as origin. Even that terrible movie, Batman & Robin, used it as his home. In this show, she is a little gem thief before becoming Mr Freeze. After he became Mr. Freeze, guess what? He's still a little jeweler! A great origin. No wonder they used it over a Dini created. As a Batman fan, I do not like this show just because it's not like comics, because I also liked BTAS, cartoon cartoon Batman came after her, Tim Burton's and Batman's movies, and, obviously, the cool films of Christopher Nolan Batman. None of them were 100% loyal to comics, but they were still very good. The problem with this show is not that it's not exactly like comics or BTAS, it's got no depth that makes other Batman media so popular. I gave this show so many chances, but the more I look, the more I find it disappointing. I miss the good days, when Batman's cartoons were something everyone could enjoy.
