First, this is not there if almost as bad as some of the other Sci-Fi Trash Baskets produced; that does not mean that Grendel is a good movie, in fact, it's very bad, but it certainly has the potential to be much better. The defects of the film come from the character's design, character, absurd additions to the story, visual effects, music and, for the most part, the act. When we talk about character design, I, of course, means the way our heroes and the bad guys look. Beowulf and the other Danes seem ridiculous Vikings, rather than brutal warriors - that helmet wearing our main protagonist is simply stupid. Grendel looks like Hulk, but with strange tentacles attached to his elbows. Characters are very limited. Beowulf is the same from the beginning to the end, however Finn - a useless friend - has achieved a double dimensionality because of his romantic sublime, and Unferth also gets a notion because he becomes less endowed. /> Like Finn, there are unnecessary additions to this story to make it your own, while it's still on the source material. The tree that is endowed with Beowulf is so ridiculous, I'm surprised that the distribution did not come out of the set. Besides additions, there are omissions, such as the underlying themes of Christianity and Paganism, and the consequences of lies. The special effects are very terrible. Grendel and Hag's mother are poorly designed and as such are portraits on the screen is less than credible. Music is arrogant, especially when a character dies. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is not the worst film of Sci-Fi so far. Not. In fact, this is one of the best movies, though garbage still is, is a good garbage, making it the best guilty for the best. The only thing that works is the dialogue, which is still wooden here and there. We highly recommend you miss this movie and watch Robert Zemeckis' film about Beowulf's old story simply because this Grendel film is just half the story and not everything that brings this movie a three star review .
