I just want to see a version of Beowulf where it seems that writers have at least a familiarity with the original poem. Again, after watching the Sci Fi show, I'm disappointed. <br /> <br /> I do not suggest that writers need to understand and analyze old English poetry, but I would like to try at least to read a modern English translation and to try to build a story based on what proves true. The story is quite interesting; why do you add plot elements that are nonexistent and ruin the story? What is wrong with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to weapons of any kind; why introduce some super-trees that is unbelievable and could not have existed during this time period (as the previous recruiter rightly pointed out)? The fight against Grendel was Beowulf vs. Grendel. That's it. No one else took part in the fight. The only way Beowulf could defeat him was the special choice to hire the monster without weapons, the mistake made by all previous opponents. However, in this version, Danes and Geats battle the beast and beowulf hacks on Grendel's arm with a sword! Again, why could not they describe what really happened? Personally, I think a one-on-one fight would be more interesting. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a pathetic and abisal description that is not faithful to the truth. Why add a pact to Hrothgar's mother and Grendel's mother, which includes the sacrificial offer? Why do you create additional characters like Finn that adds nothing to the story? There is no love story in poetry. They could not even set the scenes in the right places (a forest instead of a swamp and no grass under the lake). Do they fail to observe the metaphor that Grendel's signifies? should be underground to represent hell. Why not focus instead on the inherent symbol in the epic poem? Even my high school students have been able to do much better in the past year when they created a short film based on Beowulf because they focused on the themes and symbolism that underlie the story. If Hollywood could create a movie that focuses on these elements and is believable in the plot, then it would be a really great movie.
