Where to start? Anachronism? High arc cross technology with a scope in about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? A Grendel monster that looks like a robocop and obviously never interacts with any of the weapons pulled or thrown against it? The heart torn from the victim's chest without the feeling of contact? Probably the blonde that fits in a recent fashion show with makeup and hair? The old Danish court was represented in the classical Greek style? Queen, played by Marina Sirtis, more saved by her makeup artist than madness? The effects are too weak to carry this story. There are some stories that do not bother or even benefit from cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What about characters that seem to leap in their attitude without motivation? A bravado idiot prince whose house has already been saved several times by the monster Grendel seems to have less respect for the danger he faces than Beowulf who was sent away from the Getae to help the desperate Danes. In this sense it feels more like an old Western cowboy than any type of myth. Beowulf is an ancient story of an era with almost no literary tradition, and much of its sense and drama is obscure. I suspect that any modern story that does not make a smart attempt to penetrate into the shadow has to fail. I did not like the recent "Beowulf and Grendel," which sees Grendel essentially human, and sees Hrothgar and his Danes as too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's vengeance as a well-justified revenge, but to respect the revisionist position of Hrothgar Danes was a bunch of macho bullies who did not understand, even after they were all over, that they had brought that nightmare to themselves and hence the original Beowulf story as it was written, was a distortion of the true story. I think there is a more complex meaning than understood, but Grendel's terrible secret that Grendel's attacks are related to previous human sacrifice does not really come close to the shame Hrothgar and the Danes live in. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give it a 4: higher than it deserves, but I always hope that a poor effort will attract attention someone who has to tell the story intelligently. Meanwhile, Sci-Fi's film production seems to follow NASA's policy that it's better to build a bunch of probes that only succeed a few.
