Sanguisuga leads Danza or "The Bloodsucker leads the dance", as I think it is a common English language title, is put on "Ireland" in 1902, where Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) mysteriously invites to be soon (Patricia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and three other colleagues from her future actress, Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani), her castle located on a small island just off the coast. At first, Evelyn is reluctant, but is convincing when he agrees the stage of the hand Samuel (Leo Valeriano) goes along as well. Once Count Marnack tells his guests that Father and Grandfather have cut their heads off their deceptive wives using a ceremonial knife and there is a sense of uneasiness when it turns out that Evelyn looks exactly like the actual wife of the count who ran not too long in In addition to the fact that we have to worry about strange servants it turns out that someone wants to use the knife itself to cut a few heads ... Italian production was written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is total, complete and total of nonsense from beginning to end. First things start to start criticism with the title The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance, it allows you to examine that title, because when I feel somehow cheating that there are no vampires or any form of blood, no one leads anything at any time and there certainly there is no dance or dance, so do not expect any of these things. What you should expect is a boring, boring and useless giallo that lasts more than an hour before someone is killed and every kind of murder mystery begins, the first hour of La Sanguisuga Leading to Danza is less and less interesting than anything else out there. The best way to imagine is to think about the most boring porno-soft porn movie you've ever seen, then cut out most of the soft core story and leave the bad actors, bad doubling, dialogue bad, soft-core sex & lesbianism & absolutely nothing else. Yes, it really is so bad. The elements of the mystery are stupid, people do illogical things for no apparent reason, and the extremely complicated end of "twist" is as bad as the rest, "The Sixth Sense" (1999) is not! Rozzi's manager does a good job and La Sanguisga leads to Danza actually has a nice look and feel at him, despite his low budget, that is, scenes showing a fearsome "storm" outside the castle, black and white! So the movie jumps from bright to black and white whenever it cuts in the storm and back again! There is an absolutely hilarious scene in which a maid and her boyfriend discuss her breasts and let her boyfriend feel compliments, this scene is so funny and so unnatural that it is invaluable and easy to see movies the best moment, 70-year-old Porn would be embarrassed by dialogue! There is minimal nudity and sex / lesbian scenes are very incense. Forget any blood or gore, because there is no exception to a headless head. Technically, movies pretty well, setting the time & production design are actually quite impressive, though it is not massive in the scope of not enough job efficient enough. The movie has a beautiful color feeling and the cinema is fine. The film is called so that it is difficult to give an opinion on the original performances, but the actors are terrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. La Sanguisuga Leads to Danza is a terrific movie, makes no sense, has no story for more than an hour, probably has the most inductive title and is really boring and boring with a confusing end, ending. As far as horror fans in Europe are concerned, there are plenty of much better movies than this, so please do not waste your time, as for anyone else, this is certainly one to avoid. (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp & The Beast in Heat was directed by Luigi Batzella and plays a rather important role as a horror film. the police detective in La Sanguisuga leads to Danza.
