This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese movie. And, though I suppose the original movie was bad enough, it became a bit worse when American-International Films hacked the film and introduced American segments to fool the audience. Now, unless your audience is made out of total idiots, it is becoming increasingly obvious that this has been done - and done with some finesse or care about the final product. The bottom line is that you have a lot of Japanese scenes clear and then clearly American scenes where the movie seems quite different. In addition, American scenes are really meaningless and consist of two different groups of people at meetings that only talked about Gamera - the evil turtle! And although this is a flying monster and destroy fire, there is practically no energy because they involve the actors felt embarrassed to be in this fucking movie - especially veterans Brian Donlevy film and Albert Dekker. They both seemed tired and sick of being easy because they were there. Now, as far as the monster is concerned, it's not really Godzilla's typical creature. Seeing a huge turtle, she withdrew her head and limbs and began to rotate through the air as a rocket is hilarious. On the other hand, model planes, destruction balsams and power plants are as usual in this movie and are no surprise. In addition, it includes a Japanese monster film cliché that will bother most non-Japanese audience members, namely the "adorable and early boy who loves the monster and believes in him." Yeah sure. Well, as in GODZILLA VERSUS SMOG MONSTER and some other movies, you have this annoying creep inviting the monster, though, unlike the later Godzilla incarnations, Gamera is NOT a good guy and it looks like the baby is ultimately just an idiot! Special effects, weak exceptional that could be better achieved clips fifteen years old, evil and senseless duplication voice from time to time, make this film a fucking movie. Strangely, while most will surely hate this movie (and that stupid child), there is a very small and very vocal minority who loves these films and compares them to Bergman and Kurosawa. You do not believe it - this is a terrible movie! FYI - It seems that due to its terrible scene, Gamera was featured in several movies from the 1960s, as well as some recent incarnations. None of these changes the fact that he is a flying tortoise that breathes the fire or that the movies are indeed really blades.
