We are now traveling in a parallel universe, in which the gigantic cities of prehistoric monsters are in the daily routine. It is Godzilla's world, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah, and their nature - a strange world and one made even stranger than the emergence of an unidentified tortoise called Gamera. Forever in the shadow of Toho Monolith Studios, Daiei Studios studios were famous for samurai sagas than monster movies. In the mid-1960s they decided to join the giant reptile race and designed a series of rival monsters for Godzilla, mother successful. They have wisely chosen Gamera as their commute - a huge turtle that shoots flames between her teeth and rotates through the air by throwing the flames through the holes of her legs - and at a time almost you see the bits of paper machete catch fire! ). The first "Gamera Invincible" movie (as it was sold in the US) is a virtual mirror of the first Godzilla movie, just 10 years ago. US fighters watch an unmarked plane over the Arctic until its death - the nuclear bomb on board lights and wakes Gamer from his ice sleep. Making atomic energy, she immediately falls in love and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a Japanese boy called Kenny, who has a psychic connection with the giant turtle and even keeps a miniature version in an aquarium by his bed, thinks Gamera is essentially good and benevolent. He's like a small Jewish kid with a Hitler point of view. "Gamera is a good tortoise," he says, then he gets confused and puts on his face as if someone bends in the coco. Miraculously, the world's leaders listen to it and start the Z plan to save the world and Gamera from total destruction. Launched in 1965, Gamera was a surprising success. Annoying infantile anthropomorphism has, in fact, worked on audiences of children in Japan and the United States, and Gamera's two-legged view of extinction of the Tokyo and North Pole miniatures is glorious chintzy. The most striking is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamera movies plus a series of recent remakes. It's not bad for a reptile mutant, whose only friend has an eight-year-old milquetoast - and if I hear "Gamera is a friend with ALL children", once again I will crush Tokyo. What seems to be an easy task in the parallel universe where the children are intelligent and the turtles are bigger than a Seiko panel at the Gamera flock in 1965.
