With the growing popularity of the Godzilla series now, as with any cinema event, inevitably took place a lot of imitators trying to win success on the big lizard. With Godzilla came the dawn of a growing popularity of the kaiju genre (giant monster). Many have sought success; some have won it. One of the few who not only took advantage but gained popularity was Gamera, a giant turtle that could breathe the fire out and fly through the flesh outlets as a means of jet propulsion. But, unlike Godzilla, Gamera was marketed as a friend to all children, later battling with other monsters to save children in danger, and thus Gamera became very popular among children. Unfortunately, it is the only mass of the audience that the original Gamera series will have any appeal. While the new Gamera films directed by Shusuke Kaneko are wonderful, the revolutionary movies of monsters, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. The first Gamera film titled "Giant Monster Gamera" in Japan was clearly a Godzilla that wanted to be. Even though the film was produced in the color film era, it was shot in black and white. Why? To imitate the first Godzilla movie in the 1950s. Gamera also attacks Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first film. I do not know much about the Japanese version, for the version I know with the American version, where scenes were cut and new images were introduced with American actors (is it a coincidence that the same thing happened to Godzilla's first movie?) Now , if this adds or moves away from the film, I can not say. But "Invincible Gammera" is nothing but a dull boring that develops like a big frog itself. "Gammera Invincible" is a very routine film. The characters come from a stock of scientific-fictional standards, the story is inanimate, the monster has no real reason to attack civilization, the act is ridiculous, and so on, and so on. The only thing that distinguishes it from the Godzilla series is the end of the movie, but it is also a detractor, because the plan that finally stops Gamera's raging is completely fake and ridiculous. Now, the rest of the movie and many other entries of this genre also fit that description, but this is a filthy monster movie. And although Shusuke Kaneko will later transform Gamera into a monster that is interesting with his trilogy in the 1990s, in the original series, Gamera was not an attractive presence of the screen. It was neither frightening nor sympathetic. He just stutter around like a kid, lean with each step, and beat the miniature sets over. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamera, except for a kid (Yoshio Uchida, who has been left lazy in credit, although he plays a central role), who thinks Gamera is a turtle. movies of the genre that "Gammera Invincibila" is part of are easy targets to criticize and it is subject to additional pressures. Even in the company of many other Godzilla imitations, this Gamera film is not a particularly good entry. And, as far as the experience of my cinema is concerned, the rest of the films in the series are just as boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera will be filmed in color and will continue to fight with monsters. And like Godzilla, it would become cheaper and cheaper with each movie until it's time to revive the show and make it seriously. Is strange. I usually recommend people stay with the originals and switch to remakes. But in Gamera's case, my verdict is exactly the opposite. I encourage people to look at the 1990 Gamera trilogy, directed by Shusuke Kaneko, and ignore the original series if she is not interested. The new films are inventive, well made, interesting and, above all, entertaining. The original series is a long flow of boredom.
