I was not going to comment, but I thought I had something to say. I saw this movie two days ago, and though I think it's not a total waste of time (maybe it would have been money for producers), it is obvious that it has serious problems. It has a very good cinema and music (a little but good). There was a lot to say about Ana Cristina Oliveira, but to be honest, what? She is not really an actress and she constantly balances between over-acting and absurd sub-acting. Her performance goes well because there was no one else like Odete in any other movie: crazy? sad? childlike? an impostor? no one knows, friends. So she's pretty sorry dictating the rules here. I thought this film was also a good example of the problem that most Portuguese films suffer: the soundtrack. There is a permanent NO to duplicate and the result is this usual mass of noise coming out of the blue. People from other countries might think that Portugal is the loudest place. What pleased me, however, was that part of the dialogue was called, but it does not necessarily solve the syndrome. I also have to say that I have a double double. It's strange to watch a movie where the first thing that brings my mind to the first scene when the first character speaks is: it's called. And all this to say the film has technical problems. It also has script problems. Try to be classical from the first to the last scene. It was a desperate fear of letting things hang and that looks. The writer has obviously tried to do everything right as well, but ... it looks! All the dialogues are too exposing and there is no single piece of speech that looks like a line in a movie. Everything is a little raw and slightly unpleasant. Not that the film is a total misery, I have to emphasize it. I think the good parts are so obvious that I prefer to focus on the bad ones. Direction does not bring too much to the poor scenario. All the photos are classical and innovative, but their beautiful ones. I do a great deal out of Rui Poças. Then what I think was the problem, which prevents people from believing this story and laughing all over the film instead of taking it seriously: The guy playing the guy who is not obviously an actor. Actually, it's a pretty important role and I can not see why there are non-actors for such parties. This guy is neither actor nor good man. Which means that the whole movie is descending on the mountain, because we never believe that this gorgeous woman is obsessed with it, even though she's gone and her beloved survivor actually has a bad time to get over the loss when we all see this character is apathy. Sin. The world is full of beautiful people who really happen to be loved lovers. The world is full of good actors, who are also nice boys and capable of provoking obsession with people after they have left. The world is full of great movies and also not great movies. C'est la vie!
