I read another review that expressed the opinion that the Platoon was a never-ending marine cycle, killing people, being killed, taking drugs and talking with garbage. I disagree with this because the movie actually had more, but in a way, I can see what this person is trying to say: it had no real plot - which is a point where they are agreement. It's a self-indulgent stone at the Best. He really wanted to show not only how war leads to death, but how it is extremely traumatic for survivors. Unfortunately, the film seems to "glorify" this, and the big final is just a champagne, a great hunt, the Oscar hunt "to create a lasting image" to please. I have with Stone and other filmmakers it is that they fail to understand this simple concept: the terrible bloody waste description of death that the war is not proving or even reflecting on whether it was an unfair or immoral war. We have seen the same thing as Iraq at the moment. If you lose this point, let me tell you: if you see how bloody the Second World War was and how destructive it was in the lives of surviving soldiers, do you think it is an unfair war? If only this does not convince you that it was an unfair war, why should the images of the horrors of Vietnam convince you that it was wrong to go to war at that time. <br /> <br /> Personally, I do not support America's decision to go to war in Vietnam, but I certainly do not subscribe to "this war is wrong because people died and suffered" theory. I do not think motivations are always wrong by default, precisely because the war itself is terrible. It does not say anything about the fact that the final or the last big "twist" was a bit stupid. However, this is not the departure of Stones first oddball. Streets on the street was a magnificent movie, up to the last 30 minutes or so when it made a wrong turn. "JFK is probably one of the few movies Stone did that ended well, but it does not matter in this case, because there was very little plotting until that moment of the film twists around, and that's why I gave it a note so low It was basically boring and, finally, boring - if you did not fallen for pollination produced.
