I have a serious problem with this show, actually a few. A simple list will be enough for the moment, I'll go deeper later: superficial characters, a laugh-track and boring humor. If you do not want to look at the rest of this review and read it just to make you feel superior (as if you were seeing something in this show I did not) a teenager often irritated from Canada I'll summarize: Friends suck, not only because it is unfortunate but because it has destroyed the TV audience for new, good news (Arrested Development, Dexter, etc.). Friends are equally blamed for true television, "Two and Half Men" and "King of the Queen" as television directors. Now, then, with the review. These characters have no soul, they are exactly the same in any way (except for sex and hair color). They react in the same way in dull situations and are completely secure in their own bodies. Where is the conflict and humor that comes with him? Why does not Rachel risk Monica after Monica begins to stay with Rachel's enemy? Why does not Joey contemplate suicide, because no one seems to take it seriously? Okay, because he's the bad guy and he's comfortable with that. This is the curse of having perfect characters: lasting conflict and personality (the forbidden god) becomes impossible. Laughter is the only thing that should have disappeared right after birth. Any show that has one is almost certainly the funny opposite. How can generalize such generalization? When a performance that claims to be "comedy" requires laughter from someone, it must mean that the audience will not laugh without it. Fools destroy humor, preventing rapid return. Humor becomes a construction rather than a free flowing entity (see Bureau, Armed Development). This leads to the next point: humor is boring. There is no way to make a perfect character nothing more than a little humor (without an apparently laughing path) simply because our daily humor comes from recognizing our defects. And if Monica was 17 years old? He immediately recognizes that what he does is not right and separates himself from him. There must be some kind of conflict, rather than an immediate solution. Maybe her mother finds out or one of her friends tries to get rid of him and gets to seduce him. That would be great, it would be like a custody battle! So now I have provided evidence for my position. Many of my friends love this show because they have not heard about Curb your enthusiasm or arrest, many of my friends hate this show because they have recently begun to look at Curb your enthusiasm or arrest. <br /> <br /> I have seen very little of the "Friends" in my life, but I've looked enough to notice the huge flaws that, in my opinion, look completely undiscovered. If you read this far, I thank you and I hope you start watching some of the shows I mentioned.
