And a self-admitted boot one. At one point the doctor's assistant refers to himself as Igor. Working with the more and more plausible idea that computers could be used to replace or rebuild brain functions, this film does not spend enough time exploring the premise. Most of the time on the screen is divided between the girlfriend's in-a-coma's internal conflicts and the chase of the brain donor's killer. It tries to be a SF / drama / thriller, but fails to deliver on any of the three. Like a Frankenstein remake this is lacking everything that did the original good. Nobody calls the mad doctor or even threatens to take him out of the hospital. The transformation scene consists of a coma victim who opens an eye and the amazing computer that makes it happen is not even shown. When the experiment works, there is no praise and when it starts to go wrong, it reacts a little. Any suspense about who the killer might be is crushed by showing him progressively in the same room with all possible suspects. Finding the killer is as easy as opening a file and interviewing a person. San Francisco, as a setting, is both overexploited and underutilized. The hammer opening sequence revealed that this is happening in the SF, a cable car plays a significant role, the drivers are living in a Victorian park, Pier 39 returns and the final showdown takes place at the Golden Gate Park. More precisely, ten meters of rock in the park - enough to keep the bridge in the picture at all times. Once the obvious foundations of the landscapes are rounded, there is no other attempt to explore the city. The act is the only salvific grace here. Keir Dullea presents a good range and highlights some emotional scenes. Suzanna Love describes recovery from a coma level. Tony Curtis receives only a handful of lines and twice as many bad guys, with most of Frankenscience explained by his assistant. The little blonde baby hits you pretty well. I also gave her an extra star for the scene where her husband heads south of the bridge, cuts in a return to a parking spot without connection, and then instantly returns to the north-facing bridge. It takes a lot of something - courage, ignorance, deadlines - to try to sneak the one who watched it during a single pursuit.
