Last Station, director Michael Hoffman's melody of the last months of Leo Tolstoy's life, starts with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a complex in Yasnaya Polyana, walking and writing and seeing his wife and followers of his "movement", people dedicated to his ideas about pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and communal goods who gathered in a forest camp not far. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren), is struggling with the head of the Chertkov movement (Paul Giamatti), which he supports in his efforts to persuade Tolstoy to sign the rights to his work on the Russian people, to try to steal his fortunes the imminent death of her husbands. Observing everything, is Tolstoy's new steward, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive adherent, who is torn between his love for man and his wife's preoccupation. Hoffman's script, based on the novel by Jay Parini, quite often happens on a confusing territory, building a complex mess of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately do not resolve in a satisfactory way. The purpose of the film is great, and its story should reverberate just like Tolstoy, whose beliefs predict in some ways both the Bolsheviks and the pacifists like Ghandi. Unfortunately, it is not an unwavering thing, building up with many gusto confrontations, which are constantly spinning in nothingness. The tripartite relationship between the Church, faithful Sophie and unbelieving Tolstoy, for example, is frequently mentioned. In the last section of the film, a mute priest in a magnificent hat appears, but the script never extends beyond this strange introduction to the story as an attempt to enrich it or to give it an appearance of historical precision. There is a ton of details in the film, but not enough attention is paid to most of them, and as a result, the film feels busy, overloaded, energetic, but unnecessarily useless. In his heart is love the story between Sofia and Tolstoy, and this story, so disturbing and terrified as such, is the reason to watch the movie. Mirren and Plummer are undoubtedly the best things in the movie. Plummer Tolstoy is vague, confused and determined, anxious and joyful and confident. Mirren's sophia is in full panic, in a straight foam, forced to look and expects to be moved as her husband lets go, the possessions and the money of people who are indisputable to him, but clearly in possession of their own agendas. They are great performances, all the more so since there is a great discrepancy between the real importance of the couple's place in history and the ability of the script to support this, both Sophia and Tolstoi seem to have wanted only Mirren and Plummer in the film, both doing the best can get out of the weak material. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, fail to do the same, and Chertkov from Giamatti seems neither revolutionary nor thug (and not one), but rather a cipher, a stand-in for a whole package of anxiety and historical impulses. The purpose of this thing never gets worse, it strikes over time, reaching the power of Plummer and Mirren and no more. It's interesting and cute, but ultimately ungrateful. 4.5 / 10
