What a great actor to have in such a terrible story ... The film and its production, however, is pretty good, even if it's settled in London but outside in Bristol. Does not matter ?? see a cathedral, you've seen them all, kind of. Still, the story ... is about a man born with the power to destroy death and destruction over anyone and everything else, if he so desired. With only a fleeting reference to the telekinesis life examples, the narrative builds a picture of an abusive and mistaken man judged as a boy, a teenager, and eventually a man; so much that in fact he exacted revenge on will, literally. Over time, he comes to the conclusion that the whole world is heading in the wrong direction and thus trying to destroy the lot? just by thinking about it! The problem with the narrative, however, is that it attempts to combine authentic scientific data about strange mental powers and to combine them with all quasi-religious clapping to pay tribute to the theory of all this. Does mixing and fantasy rarely work this way? and I'm afraid Richard Burton had to shake his head on some occasions when he tried to convince. His best scene, however, is when he gave his wife and her lover a verbal adherence when they left their home: a sharp dialogue, full of witchcraft and death, since only Burton could. helps to make things look and sound much better, however, starting with Lino Ventura, which I last saw in Garde A Vu (1981) as Brunel inspector; Harry Andrews as Commissioner's assistant; much under-rated Lee Remick as Dr. Zonfeld; Derek Jacobi as publisher, Towney and several other well-known characters. I liked how the story was presented as a flashback flashback to complete the story behind and thus resolve the mystery of Morar's murder attempt (Richard Burton), the killer's murderer. Until that time, it was a good piece of visual detective work by Brunel and his English opponent. However, it was very predictable, because the identity of the alleged killer quickly became apparent to me. Then they went and broke it all in the last fifteen minutes. If you want an idea of ​​what it is, think of Samson and Delilah (1949), from the illustrious Cecil B. de Mille and how Samson took the wicked in the end. And the last scene is simply stupid. Why? Because there are at least a hundred ways in which Morlar's abduction could have been stopped, absolutely. Shame, in fact, because it could have been a much better story and a better movie. I think Burton needed money. If you are a Burton fan, then spend time to see that scene that I mentioned above. Otherwise, do not bother.
