Unlike my colleague commentators, I always try to find something redeeming in any movie I see. Yes, the quality of dubbing and enlightenment is hollow, the act is wood and the extremely misleading opening sequence of what happens to all those Lesbian lesbian vampires with blood dripping. Something must be lost in the translation of the word "Bloodsucker" from the Italian title; almost as if the producers were originally filming a Gothic story of the vampires and then changing their minds, but could not afford to give up their dramatic opening sequence, so they brought it to the film anyway. in 1975, it was recently released on DVD and has its own drama trailer, which in some ways is more bold than seen in the movie! Now somebody who is buying this movie probably already reads her synopsis and knows what to expect - Italian softphone from the mid 1970's. I bought it because I'm attracted to Christa Nelli (credit most often called "Christ Nell"). The absence of a cast of characters seems to me the most frustrating in many of these Eurosleaze films from the 60s and 70s that Imdb hoped to show the characters they are listening to in the film, but without a distribution list, it is very hard to tie them that actor. I think Krista Nell has played "Cora," but under this massive style of hair, costume and makeup is difficult to be definitely distinguished. <br /> <br /> There is mostly a two-dimensional portrait by the actors of their parts and no one goes out. Perhaps something is lost in the process of doubling. What were the positive points? the music was atmospheric and, of course, if you were in a beautiful lesbian soft porn there. The external locations used were good and I would like to know where the castle was filmed on her island. Is it claimed to be put in "Northern Ireland" or the Republic?) In 1902, so everyone has spent the costumes of sporting pieces.Some of the scenes we found unintentionally funny especially those sex scenes !! Anyway a nice romp.s we rated 4/10.
