This incredibly overrated series of anime television (26 episodes, each 25 minutes each) is about a 14 year old boy (and two of his colleagues) piloting a giant robot to defend Japan against invading beings called Angels. There are very few explanations given to the angels or why their number has increased lately and they seem to appear from nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack all at once, instead of at a range of intervals that are convenient for the people you're trying to destroy?). Robot battle scenes try to use a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is foolishly executed and dull to look. Almost every episode seems to be a waste of space in which nothing interesting appears. Some may be intrigued by fans who mention (very few) the symbolic references in this document, but they are all - to religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly discarded with zero mastery. On the whole, the series is incredibly tedious because of the superficiality of the characters, which are nothing more than self-pitying crybabies. Psychology is pathetic, with hopeless conflicts such as "I hate my father," repeated repeated and repeated, without going beyond their nominal value. It is not underestimated that these characters lead this series from time-lost mediocrity to annoying garbage during the final episodes, with their endless, agitated diameters of excessively repetitive psychopaths (some of which are meaningless). <br /> I'm not kidding when I say this series is getting even worse as it progresses. Everyday I would look at the DVD sitting on my table and say, "Damn, I have to watch the next episode at one point. The real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes , but they were to some extent capable of becoming totally uninteresting in the 10-minute opening borefest. This comes from a guy who will be happy with 150-minute glacier films, so my criticisms of this series are truly the most damaging. "In my life, I did not despise to see a series as much as" Evangelion. "I already buy it already by relying on all the fanatical comments about IMDb and certainly I will not let myself collect dust after spending my hard earned money. "What followed was 10 hours of pure and endless torture." My relationship of love / hate with anime turns into a relationship of hatred / love after that of "Evangelion" is all that anime should NOT be - massive amounts of dull, dampy dandelion under the smart cinema mask. Universal appreciation for this is simply unbelievable; and ridiculous allegations by fans that this series as "one of the greatest achievements of mankind" is probably the most stupid comment I've ever heard about IMDb - and I've seen some doses.
