I occasionally see part of this show because my wife sometimes sees it. I'm trying to rejoice because it's a basic idea that helps a poor family, but many factors get in my way. Each episode follows the same format in which many parts seem scripted (which are they) and the tears flow apparently on the cue. The attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional malfunctions and sad music is a real stop for me. The fact that everyone who donates something in the house, be it Sears or the one who needs to connect to be generous, is also annoying. Perhaps the biggest problem I have is that there must be huge amounts of money and a small army of workers to build a surprise over the home for a single family. Now I know that this amount of money is but a drop in the bucket for Disney / ABC, but how much could be done for more people with the amount I put on a house? Instead of focusing on one family and attracting everyone to cry during the episode, why not help 10 families and show the most important moments? Is not life quite difficult for the average person? Why do I need help finding things that feel sad, why does not it look really inspiring without being manipulative? Know what is done for these families is good, but they are also used for evaluations. You can not tell me they're not trained sometimes. I think when I see that these people are moving into a home that most hard-working people in the US they could not afford for their children, it really bothers me. I can not think of what could really be done with a small part of Disney's money. Instead of giving each family member a flat-screen TV and a personal shower that tells you the water temperature and shoot from the ceiling, why do not you help more people to provide you with food, clothing, education and medical insurance? I know we can have fun and have a good cry. As for money, I feel the same with Oprah. I do not think anyone can conceive the amount of money they have. Yes, her recent reality did good things, but when he gave $ 30,000 to every "contender" losing, I'm sitting here thinking ... that it's been a salary for many years for many, many people ... if they're lucky . Do not make me start the games. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition "does good", but forgive me if I see it as a service more than a self-giving. Is there anyone who feels similar?
