I am a Christian and say that this film has had a terrible adventure, unreal situations, and a complete frontal front for Christianity. You can watch "Remember the Titans" and at least do not mix Christ into a football movie as a formidic steroid for losers. Allow me to make some really pressing comments about what disturbed me in this movie. <br /> <br /> 1. The school was in Georgia and it was a white academic school. I have not noticed any student or black student in school. I take care of the Southern Christian "Christian" Academies and were built for another reason than restoring segregation. This is worrying when the film looks at Christianity and Christ changes lives ... how to change the hearts of segregation? (Note: I liked the black coach, as he did to the whole white team and to all the "black giants"). The uncritical gratitude of all Christians for this film. I can make a few people say it was a bad act, bad filming, bad writing and, in short, poor compared to other movies. If we compare this to another football film, would it have the same charisma and energy? <br /> <br /> 3. The half-baked Christianity that has been shown has become less sense to me than the unrealistic end. If Christianity simply aims at reading a small scripture and praying to begin a complete change of life, then do not ask when no one will listen to what Christians have to say. We want to sell Christ as a cure. He does not need stock and does not need to be attached to such capricious life styles. No wonder everyone considers Christianity to be anti-intellectual with this unreal presentation. I admit that this film can be inspired by a few people. For most, it will not be. He will not give a real picture of the fight and the tension of the heart. Most important to me, it is not a Christian by any means or stretching. It has values ​​but flows like a "pull-up-by-the-bootstraps" message as superficial as positive thinking. If you live with people who struggle and / or those living in the third world, this movie will be empty because most churches are today in their religion.
