This movie is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / GOD! It's the same kind of sappy sanctimonious religious conviction you get from those arcane idiots who are fighting for Jesus or the iron pump for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was fully groomed, liked contact sports, and certainly had a complete set of mutual bells. DUHHH! This movie should have been titled "Hiking for Jesus," or something along these lines just to allow the general public to know that the real intention of this film is to convert people to Christianity and guide those of whose brains have already been thoroughly washed in the blood of the lamb. That the title is derived from the Bible is clarified when the coach reads his Bible and asks Jesus for help. The recent "Invincible" sports movie was 100 times more inspiring than it was, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was just the desire and determination of an individual with a dream. Any thorough recourse, as a sporting inspirational film, is finally lost in the midst of all blasphemy bibles and sanctifying religious propaganda. One has the impression that the unique message is the only way you can succeed and gain positive is whether you accept Jesus as a personal savior. But this is simply not true and therefore is a lie perpetuated by those who believe it is true and want everyone else to believe it. The image of the winning athlete, thanks to Jesus when he wins, comes directly into his mind. What does he do when he loses? Do you curse Jesus? Of course not! When he loses, Jesus is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he wins. And logic goes round and round and ends exactly where the true believer must be, every time! I had to pause when the scene with the coach who received a new truck came up, so I was able to stop rolling on the floor by laughing my ass and grasping my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. It seems strange to me that most so-called "Christians" seem to be forgetting or ignoring this message from their "savior", especially when they see a fish Jesus on the back of a huge SUV of gas that wakes me up like and how they stay quiet. Another message that involves this film is that Jesus seems to be taking more care to record the losses earned by a mediocre high-school football team that he is doing in connection with millions of hungry children in the world. The final scene in which the unsecure kicker offers a 51-meter field goal and is shaken like an incredibly incredible miracle puts the last gag with a religious red spoon flag on this turkey. I gave him only three stars, because the guy who played the black coach could act.
