I was scolded and despised by our Christian colleagues to declare my disappointment with this film. I'm hunted by statements like: "I can not believe you did not like it! It was made entirely of Christians!" "Everybody donated their time and no one was paid for the movie! It was made by a church and not by Hollywood, we should spend our money on such films!" This is a true church and a Christian school in Georgia! A preacher wrote and directed it. "So apparently, the reason I should like this movie is simply because of the way it was made and the minimum amount of money used to make it and which It's all that's necessary to love the movie. "Here I shot without knowing anything about the background of the movie." I never heard of it and had no idea - other than football - what it was all about. watched it as if it were watching another movie and I was disappointed I was disappointed with the editing and torture scenario I was VERY disappointed with the resolution after the climax Do not worry There were other cheap movies and other movies made at costs that have earned less respect from me. It's not about making the film, that's the final product. "The writer admits that God does not say" yes "to everything we pray the way we want but he wanted to show faith, God changes our lives. This is true. However, God can change our lives and we are still infertile. God can change our lives and do not rise from our ministry. God can change our lives and our car is still an age. God can change our lives and our house is still smelling. Why did not he interpret this in the movie? Others have expressed concern about the scriptwriter / director about this issue, but apparently he was defensive. I do not think the act was horrible, not many of the landscape photos. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing His wonderful power and weakness. Writing and direction were very poor. It is easy to distinguish this because many of the characters have no development. Everything we receive from the coach's wife is that she is not pregnant (well, by the end of the movie). It seems that it was just a ball player that had the potential to have an interesting character and that was bitten in "I have a cry dad and I can not play football well, but I will kick the winning field even though I do not have never hit a real goal in the field. "Another problem was the Christian school itself. I worked for two Christian schools, I went to one and I had many grandchildren and grandchildren in other Christian schools. On the whole, we had some close ties with about ten. None of the problems I have seen in all these schools has been addressed. I have seen this as totally unreal in the film about their school and I wanted to have shown the human factor. It would have been nice to see a dose of reality and how God could work. I will close by saying that every piece of work - written or drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist's vision of the world. The world image that was presented to me in this film is "People who pray in the right way to win ball games to get new cars, conceive when they could not, get a raise, and get "I should love the movie because of the sincerity of those who did it. I think I should love the movie because it was well done for no other reason.
