Interestingly, 90% of high-vote reviews are composed of "* username random" * in the "United States" (without state pride?), Which say more or less the same thing exactly with the same grammatical style all with exactly the same lack of taste in movies. I would be quicker in this suspicious trend, but unfortunately this is a review of the film and not the revision itself. Let me start by saying that I am both a Christian and a real avid fan movie. This means I've seen many movies, from good to bad, and can wholeheartedly claim that Facing The Giants is not really a good movie. Has good intentions, but fails to meet more basic standards (if any) that I associate with a quality shooting experience. Action: Very terrible, palatable to the best. Hearing that most of them were apparently volunteers, I'm not surprised at all. Dialogue: Unclear, Cheesy, the script comes as a long version of some skittles of cheese that you would see interpreted in the Sunday school or youth group function. Robots review in the absence of "meaningless words," but the cold truth is that such words are part of the real world, and their complete absence is palpable. Let's just say that the head coach of a team in a state championship game would have much more to say than "NO NO!" when things do not go in his way. Plot: Mind-bogglingly predictable. It was commented that this film is not a "Hollywood cliché" and yet it is as if it were drawn directly from the movie Making a Underdog Sports For Dummies (including the quasi-romantic obligatory sub-floor for ladies) paint on she. I do not lie or praise when I say that I have almost every important detail in both the plot and the subplot, which was taken up immediately after their start. Only someone who has never seen a decent sports movie in their whole life would be excited by the story presented here. Direction / Editing: And it was modeled almost exactly after the generic Underdog Sports Movie Template. However, despite the fact that there were not many visible bullets, at least Facing the Giants was technically competent. Message: Ask Jesus and He will give you all your wishes. Part of me hope that this movie will end in the eventual defeat of the team to really highlight the whole "If we lose, we praise you", because in the real world, you will miss at one time or another and it's good to be ready for that. But in the world of confronting giants, if one clearly fails, someone is deceived or deceitful. Another interesting question is: What if Eagles came across another team that became a religion? Would they have been caught in an endless loop of miraculous pieces and saved the last minute, or would explode the universe? Bottom Line: For the conservative hardcore crowd of Christians who weep Hollywood evil, Facing The Giants will be another mediocre Christian-to-best Christian film to keep on a pedestal as a model favorite for modern film making. For everyone else, the effects will range from boredom to a burning desire to pursue something else. And a warning: Any attempt to show this to non-Christians will not lead to conversion, but to disturbance. I give these two stars, one for a scene that did not get my eyes, and another basic technical experience at a low budget.
