I watched this movie in the youth group, where my youth leader and his wife, otherwise intuitively, hit him. Then an adult couple at a church-related Christmas party cheated to give a copy of this film to every family in attendance, and now my family is blocked by the film (though fortunately still stays in her grave). I cried bitter tears about these sad events, and that is why: The first movie: this movie has good intentions, especially if you are a Christian like me. This movie tries to show that you should put your faith in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, is it? Eh. It seems a big problem. This film was made by a church, so of course, every issue should be treated with taste for Christians. All are black and white, without gray areas. The grace and the will of God in this film is a predictable thing and instantly addresses all who do it. He is not the God I know. This is not the Christian life I am familiar with. The God I believe in is a powerful and trustworthy God, but He is not the one who gives me every wish. I follow him as well as I can, although leaving is often difficult; however, the soccer team in this movie finds humiliation and self-control much easier than anyone should ever find. I can not refer to cardboard cuts that overturn from bad to good on a few structured film scenes. And when I follow His commandments as they are presented in the Bible, I certainly do not find myself full of blessing, as these characters do. The biggest immediate reward is that I know I did what I needed; anything else comes with long, messy and cumbersome work. But take the example of this film: Grant Taylor coaches the football team at Shiloh Christian School, which has had 6 seasons lost in a row. He can lose his job over him, and he and his wife have little money, as it is. They want a child, but the doctor says it's sterile. Oh, and his car does not work. And the boys in his football team are disrespectful of their parents after they have lost millions and wounded in the field. This is a community certainty here. But wait, Grant Taylor decides he will trust God for everything! And he sends his faith to his team. So far, so good. Not for long. As they begin to listen, they literally bless POUR in them. Suddenly students no longer respect their parents; the school has a great "revival"; the team starts winning each game; they even win the big championship against the heaviest team in the league! Taylor's coach is assured; the school receives it as a gift as a gift (which, by the way, is the symbol of employers with superficial weather conditions); he gets an increase; his wife (this one) is getting pregnant from her sterile sperm! And that poor child manages to hit his first field goal, even when he counts! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, etcetera, etcetera !!! ... <br /> <br /> Yip. Just YIPE. No one in my church experienced Christ in such a cut and dry way. Yes, in my family there were miracles, but also gifts and confessions of creatures, and we attribute them to the grace and love of God. But God is not a tap of the tap that you turn on and stop by being good or bad! It is, in general, a mystery; His gifts happen unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them, but you really do that. It's a long, hard slogan on the way to accomplishment, and things NEVER do not prove the way you thought they wanted. This movie has good intentions. But, due to supreme superstition and total escapism, the tanks tremendously at 1/10. Bad films and sports films seem to be pimples next to the lepers' fakes that this film pushes unconditionally. For all future churches that want to make a movie: do not be afraid to show real life, you even have to add some awkward truths in the mix. No matter how much the basic population is amazed by this cotton candy treatment, nobody has learned anything substantial from it. Give us the flesh, the bones, the REAL things! True life applies to all, not just Christians, and this is a "face to face of the giants" failed to understand.
