The brothers of hope are one of those films that, with a little more acting, one direction and more logic, would have been quite convincing as a horror entry. At present, it's still a creepy film that has makeup effects and serious effects, and a premise that supports the state of terror, in spite of herself. And hey, there are no teenagers killed one by one - just stupid adults, so it's a refreshing change in rhythm. And the plot line is amazingly similar to Dead Birds, with a precipitous robbery, a abandoned house in the middle of the night, and demonic monsters. But, like Dead Birds, adults are still motionless, running around clueless before being sacrificed one by one, and they ignore the obvious danger. In Sperietoaie, however, we never really find the supernatural of why, and that sustains the atmosphere of anger. And as clowns, scarecrows can be very horrifying; if it does not look like Ray Bolger, of course. Escaping on a plane hijacked by his pilot and daughter after a millions of network robberies, a para-military group is double-crossed by one of them; a very nervous guy named Burt. He jumps out of the plane with a large and heavy box that keeps the money, apparently without any plans to move it when it's down. Being the worst in the group, he is killed first. But not before it happened at Fowler residence, surrounded by a lot of scary scarecrows and surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and a lot of warnings to stay away. And the fierce weather on the roof, with fork and pterodactyl, should have been a warning sign. The interior of the house is also quite provocative (for us in the audience, anyway). Erotically, we have to listen to Burt's thoughts in the voice as he walks and mysteriously comes over the key to the stuffed truck in the yard. The way the key appears is enough to have the pants - with me in them - to fly in the door. Maybe it's just me, but I'm very happy to look at the people's lips on the screen, even when they think loudly. It helps to intensify the action and gives the actor more to do than to look exactly what the voice says. Burt launches the box on the truck and makes the escape. Sure why not? small trucks always have a lot of gas in them, especially with today's prices, and the battery? no problem. Now I mentioned that Burt was the worst of the crows and therefore (apart from the above, of course). Wear night glasses to go through the foliage and find the house, he takes them to drive the truck away, and in turn, the headlights come on to see where it is going. Of course, the offenders still on the plane spot the lights of his truck and know where he's headed. Brilliant. She deserves to die. Categorical. I'm not sure why she needed night vision goggles because every scene is bright, from the inside of the plane to the nights outside the landscape and in the house. The cinema was either a myopic, b. Just outside the school or c. Dealing with the really cheap film. Burt meets death when the truck dies in the middle of nowhere. Realize. A very pleasant touch and I am, I have to admit, a few in the movie, is that when the truck's cover is opened, there is no engine. Creepy, to be sure (and enter your comment pants again here). The logic of the story fails when dead, now full of flames with money and straw, Burt returns to the house. The rest of the bunch is there, let go of it, then realize that it is really dead and was eviscerated and stuffed like a plague of money and straw. Burt manages to make a big fight but grabs a man beside his mouth, pushing him through a window, making him bite more than he can chew on a gorican scene. At this point, you would think they will leave the house and back on the plane - but noooo, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Burt is the dead episode, it is treated as a matter of fact, although a brilliant bulb in the band does not claim: "Burt was dying dying for chrissakes!" The stolen money suddenly appears on the terrain outside the house, and the offenders go to the bait. Soon, another of them, Jack, is shipped and the scene again is well done and horrible, involving a dull hand and no anesthesia. Now there are three scarecrows who get bogged down in chaos, and one of them needs a hand, literally. When one of the brothers sees that the scarecrows and Jack are frightened, he starts screaming, fleeing like hell, and shot the typical para-military gun. So much for all the training under the pressure nonsense. He meets the others and stops in his footsteps to explain why he scream, running like hell and shooting his gun, even if the scarecrows seem to follow him. Again, this logical thing in the script ... Jack, dead and eviscerated, returns home and goes after the killer with the usual results. If you listen to Jack's dawn, approach, depending on your age, you can see that the same mumble sound is heard, which is often heard in TV Lost In Space episodes. two survivors walk away from home and return to the plane, barely escaping. But no? You will have to see the movie to find out.
