I watched SCARECROWS because of the noise surrounding him. Well, I can not imagine anyone like this movie because it's just bad, bad, bad. It is obvious that whoever did this film knows nothing about horror. The whole story is an unsuccessful marriage of two genres: action film (guns and criminals) and horror (live scarecrows). When criminals are killed one by one by scarecrows, the two genres are automatically canceled because, first of all, they are criminals and who cares about criminals and secondly because they are stupid criminals to boot! Having a zombie scarecrow after them does not work here. Where's the horror in it? I wanted criminals to die horrible, painful death. But the story is so badly built that this gender marriage, which could have been original if it does well, NEVER gels. I was simply left with a bunch of very dirty criminals and a bunch of scarecrows who are "alive", no matter what the creators of the film believed. Making things worse is that cinema is terrible (like TV) and, worse offense than all, whole clusters of dialogue are communicated to the CBs, and we are constantly hearing an intimately talked about disconnected pictures as well how would we watch a kind of radio show? This part was really bad. The director should have been shot on the spot because he came up with such a bad idea! I can not tell you how annoying it was. As I have already mentioned, criminals in SCARECROWS are amazingly stupid. For example, when someone appears suddenly, eviscerated and full of money and straw (yep, straw) in his huge open wound, the others ask, "What a drug he is?" after they shot a few bullets into it, they failed to kill him (he was "zombiefied" by the scarecrows. Do not ask ...). Get a strange idea, idiots. I've never seen that silly in the movie. And then she's the girl. I wanted one of the scarechers to kill her quickly, because it was a pain in her ass. When she finds out that her father is attracted to a "cross" of scarecrows, she blames criminals in an embarrassing scene (bad action), even if criminals could not have done it. What size was it! But scarecrows are the greatest weakness in this very poor movement. They're not scary. Nothing is explained about them. They're just a plotting device in the movie with this plot-filled movie. Mr. Wesley, filming the face of a scarecrow for 30 seconds non-stop, causes nothing but boredom. And that scene with the head of speech in the fridge. Thanks for laughing. All this had to be one of the worst movies I've seen recently (and I've seen many movies these days!) Among those wild SILO KILLER or SCARECROWS, I'd rather see him again SILO KILLER. Yes, SCARECROWS is so bad.
