The orange tone at all was just frozen. Oh, yes, the main character lives in a ghetto that has all the colors of orange with orange people. Meanwhile, in order to escape mentally from this crushing body poverty, she plays an immersive video game (which sucks that there are no clear rules and no logic follows the gameplay). Does he seem to win a game win, but is he revealed that he is not a hired company? A lot of non-speaking pauses later the story draws slowly. It uses a glitchy orange computer interface with an operating interface that is so noticeably annoying and I can only suspect a future Microsoft release. Meanwhile, the viewer asks why he spends precious time in a gruesome game when he barely needs life? Yes, the game is fun, but what is the moment when you are almost starving? While she takes her life away by playing a weird, even more-orange-colored full blade immersion video game her dog is leaking (you probably look for an owner who pays at least one moment of attention to her and feeds it regularly ) or is stolen from the woman (while ignoring her orange-colored reality). Meanwhile, she's obsessed with a game where her gaming team has lost all of the uninteresting film. Yawning. So she wants to be the best of the best, go get them Ash Catchem (we had to bore everybody). Golly, this main character also sucks like a human being and has no redeeming qualities apart from her physical beauty (which she could prevent her from escaping a crushing poverty). So she gets to "Real" and at least does not suck awful and is sent to kill a former teammate who lives mentally in "real". Finally, the colorful orange-colored film is not a boring task to watch, but it has the potential to say something along the lines, "the main character is trapped in the imaginary poverty generated by the computer and is actually in the real world now" . Perhaps he will do the murder and live in the real world now? Well, he kills the guy and he's disappearing into a digital effect. Wow! Thanks to the idiotic director. You suck, suck you a lot, director. Here the director had a chance to easily redeem himself by burying this terrible movie full of moronic pain with a philosophical twist. <br /> <The director could say, "The real world is there, and if you live in it and contribute to it to make it better, it will not be a poor orange-salted country." A smart way to make this suck-tacky movie a slow agonizing lesson about basic civic pride (for 1% of viewers who have not found anything to have fun at this time or are movie masochists). <br /> No, director. The director had to deceive him all, throwing himself into a brutal digital effect and spoiling all the chances of redemption for this terrible movie, which was a waste of money, a waste of time and a waste of confidence in the audience. <br /> <After that, it ends. Brisk ride. I hope the director gets naked. I put this HACK on my "Avoid Everything" list for any other movies to which my name is attached.
