You got a gift. It's very wrapped. The box in which it is located is crafted from the best wood and shows the talent to the smallest detail. It is then wrapped in gorgeous paper, handmade and hand-painted by the most talented artists. The whole thing is wrapped in ribbons of fine silk lace. It's a view that must be seen. Then cut the ribbon, tear the paper, open the box and find ... nothing. That's TOYS. You either enjoy packing or forget about it. The film is not without point and purpose: War is not a good thing. Well, it's not the original! The morale is so obvious that it is almost embarrassing to even emphasize it. And even that poor wisdom is undermined by a story in which war toy elements - especially war toys - are clearly a bad thing until they need an exciting climate and the film simulates a war using innocent toys. It is as if someone preached a strict, condescending teachings, only to end up by saying "I just kidnap". But even as an empty box, the film fails to be carefully examined. Yes, it's a sight to look at some remarkable and striking images. The sets are imaginative, and cinema captures scenes of skill. But the images are sterile cold and emotional. Like the script, the look of the film is joyless and sometimes sterile and surrealistic. It's a movie that wants to praise toys as wonderful and special things, but it shows them to be the creations of a bare and cold world. The movie strives to be fun, in a strange way, but humor is forced and artificial. Robin Williams, as the heir to a toy-making empire, plunges into the ad-lib bar, which seems to be alien to the bizarre and structured world he lives in. Indeed, the topical references and the indisputable sexual taste that are scattered are in contradiction with the childish fable that the film is trying in vain. For this movie to work or make sense, it has to be put into its own universe, an Oz far from Kansas. Every time the jokes pull us back into reality, the film's toyland becomes more and more an obvious nuisance. It is said to have been the animator's project of director Barry Levinson, one he has been striving to do for ten years. Unfortunately, it is obvious why he had difficulty getting support. Like most of the pet projects that are ultimately made (RADIOLAND MURDERS, RADIO FLYER & BATTLEFIELD: EARTH being wonderful examples), it seems to be a blind spot in the director's field of view. Perhaps Levinson has directed and redirected TOYS so often in his head that he does not have a fresh vision for him when he eventually came to the stage. He has already succeeded in perfecting him to death. Many of the toys presented in the film are embarrassing, mechanical, monstrous. So it's the movie itself.
