Ridiculous fluff, which has the error trying to make sense. Joan, this time as congressman, Agatha Reed, chairman of a committee dedicated to "investigating the high cost of food." Congressional Reed says: "The housewife has been spending too much time in my throat. I will continue to struggle long enough for the American family to take a vacation a year, watch a movie every week, and eat an occasional peanut an elephant. " She's all business but she gets all gushy when she was awarded an honorary diploma at Good Hope College, where she was expelled for the crime of staying all night (parallel to Joan's real life is unmistakable here, as it is in all Joan Movies). The degree provokes a lot of consternation on the campus ("This would make it the widest institution in the history of education!")? but Joan does not know this when he comes. College President Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young, is Joan's earliest professor Joan? and loved. It was with him that he spent all night all those years ago, but Joan felt that it would be better to disappear than to try to explain to skeptical colleagues that they would marry. Naturally, this big event will be covered by * Life * magazine? and who does the photographer become? Still another lover of Joan? this, she hung in China "during the war", and he thinks Joan might be driven to trouble with her old flame. Eve Arden, playing Joan's assistant, "Woodie," is the most intelligent in the movie? with her flippante and useless remarks that would make you dismantle her job if you did not like it so much. But not only that Eve, as in all her roles, adores her. It's so tough and no-nonsense, you just want to pay her to scatter and be one of the guys. When Joan shouts after she arrives at alma mater, Eva tells her that "she looks hot." But Joan says that others can only see a collection of buildings, Joan, does the young man see? she herself at the age of 18 "scary, expecting a little scared, asking," What is life? "But of course, if we get deep into Joan at 18, the truth may be a bit different. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the major issue in watching any Joan movie. You can call her characters the way you want it, but it's always Joan, all the time. Because what we always see is that Joan is alone, it's easy to give up the names of the characters. She just gets confused when Joan tries to tell us something obviously untrue, like her description at 18? when we know that at the age of 18, Joan had already been around the block several times. Many men would have described her as eager and, to the extent that she was expected, she already had more abortions at the moment. But this is a personal problem and I can handle it, but I just wanted to explain why they say things like "and then Joan?" this or that, or "We see Joan like ..." when we do not literally look at a home movie. Is there an unintentionally hilarious moment in which Joan is given the doll Clara Bow who went back to college? Rapid arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries and this is a transparent game that makes us think that Joan is much younger than he actually looks. Fails. What also fails is an attempt of political correctness in the early 1950s. In the story, Joan wrote a book on freedom of expression and made a film (not, not the plumber), and draws attention to a radical campus of the 50s, Dr Pitt, to be fired his visions, which are shockingly similar to those of Joan. This is where the film mysteriously becomes a morality story - a weak, sure, but perhaps the only thing that prevents it from sliding into oblivion.
