This movie was so bad I do not know whether to laugh or cry. We had great hopes for Horrorfest that year, which was the first year I've been involved in Horrorfest and I have to say Horrorfest, and all of her films are getting fake advertising at a whole new level. Mad kudos for advertisers because I'm sure they cheated a lot of people to spend money and see those movies that year. The Hamiltons were slightly the worst of what I saw (the other things I saw were anxiety, darkness and reincarnation). The film's cover and the trailer made it look like a cannibal family that terrorized the neighborhood, which I considered a rather interesting plot, just to be disappointed at the end, discovering that it was a story about "age" about passing a boy to be a vampire. This is why the drama prevails over any sense of horror in this film. And to make the plot more ridiculous, they add a set of excited twins who can not wait to take a "bite" of each other and a dead creature stuck in the basement, which if I discovered what "if the secret does not was released at the end of the film, I would have left the theater half in the movie. Complete loss of money and time. Cut out forty minutes of this movie and make it in an episode on a show like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and would I'm sorry that two years later, I have to go back to IMDb and write a review about it because I'm still one of the most serious movies I've ever had, I've ever seen it.Also, while reading this, move away from the rest of Horrorfest in the future.You can do the most to rent them from Blockbusters or watch them online somewhere Horrorfest offers films by independent producers who fail to make it on the big screen and all the crap about "the things they did not show in the theaters", they did not refer to blood or courage or horror ... they meant films in itself. Because I'm terrible. Think of Horrorfest as a less known version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror movies. We're sorry for all the "hate", but next time, think twice before you send the buyers out of their money.
