Hamiltons tells the story of the four brothers Hamilton, teen Francis (Cory Knauf), twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and David (Samuel), now the responsible surrogate parent. Hamilton's movement is very much in house, Franics is not sure why and is unhappy with how things are. The fact that his brother's abduction and rage, imprisoning and killing people in the basement also does not help to relax or soothe Francis's nerves. Francis knows something is wrong and when he finally finds the truth things will never be the same ... Co-written, co-produced and directed by Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores Butcher Brothers (which is only the credit of another film director so far is the remake of Fool's Day (2008), he said enough) was one of the "Movies to Die" in 2006 After Dark Horrorfest (or whatever it is called) holding up almost all the others I saw I thought Hamiltons was total and total of nonsense. I discovered that the character is very weak, very easy to multiply, and the story of the slow motion failed to capture my imagination or to sustain my interest in over 85 and a half and a long time. There is a terrible breath at the end of which I laughed out loud, there is a great support to build up to what is in a closet in the underground Hamiltons and eventually it was discovered to be a little boy with a teddy. Should we really scare you? Should she really shock us? Is it really something that should make us talk about it as the end of the credits? Is he an innocent young man showing the best twist that the producers might come up with? The boring land is multiplying, it has never been clear where the Hamiltonians earn their money to buy new houses because none of them seems to work (except David in a slaughterhouse and I doubt he pays much) or why not have been captured so far. The script tries to mix drama every day with a strong horror and does just a terrible job of combining the two to the extent that no aspect is memorable or effective. A very bad film I'm trying to say good. Despite the fact that it was written and directed by extremely sonders, there is no gore here, there are a few splashes of blood and some scenes of girls bound in a basement, but you could not do anything at home tomato ketchup bottle and a video camera. The film is not scary, and since it has a middle class suburb, there is no atmosphere or mood. There's a lesbian and suggests an incestuous kiss, but The Hamiltons is down on the scale and there's not much here for the horror crowd. Filmed in Petaluma, California, this aspect has a moderate, not bad, but rather unattractive budget. By acting through an unknown distribution (for me) there is nothing to write about home and I can not say that I have ever felt anything for anyone. Hamiltons commit the cardinal sin to be so boring and boring from never recovering. Add to this an ultra-thin story, no gore, a garbage end, and a character that you do not give a thrower and you have a movie that did not impress me at all.
