Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite." It's located in Hawaii, it's an action / adventure drama, many scenes contain boats and palms and polyester fabrics and homemade shirts ... even interprets Zulu's character actor in a supporting role. There are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes should be an undercover agent in the front line, and the distribution is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) was already in place at that time and has been going on for years. She has filled the market demand for Hawaii-based crime dramas fairly appropriate. Code Name: Diamond Head may have been conceived as a hier for the H50, because the older series has finally fallen ... but it happens as a top copy, rate 2. It does not suck, but it is completely derivative and does nothing , just like the original one. There is a decent talent of actors involved here. Thinnes is an old professional, and he gives the cast the best shot and it's not bad. But Thinnes is as good as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as a bad spy master named "Tree," and McShane tends to be the most exciting actor in any scene he appears in. But he sounds his role here. Frances Ngyuen is reasonably exotic, but its stunning subtlety, opaque features, thick accent and the delivery of wood are not the dreams of dreaming. Relying on her to provide "romantic interest" to Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least because a series of white publications brought Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as goddesses of love. Give him another 30 pounds and a year with a dialogue / voice coach, and she could cut her. Zulu is, of course, accustomed to being pleasant in bit parts, but he is not a person who can wear a single feature. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and dialogue are strictly numbered, with nothing to distinguish them from any other Quinn Martin production. And at this point, the American television audience saw a lot of QM productions ... I think "CN: DH" was too much and sank without a trace. It was not the guilt of the actors, and I hope they have distanced themselves from this with a decent salary and another entry on their resume. <br /> <br /> MST3000 revived this for their treatment in the sixth season and had plenty of fun with it. It is worth looking for that version if you enjoy the MST approach to cinema and lamp films, but I can not imagine someone who takes care of this pilot for any other reason.
