Ha. no doubt, Tommy is the bad guy here. I do not know why, but for some reason, small children in horror films tend to come across small mountains. and since they are children, they will not die. because they're annoying ... well ... except for the asylum of terror. but these are few and far between. Anyway on the movie. Can not find this movie on DVD? of course you can! all you have to do is buy the classic music package Chilling! not only get Metamorphosis on DVD for $ 15, but you will also get 49 other movies! what a bargain! PFF. O.K. I advertised for these cheesy movies. let's say this movie does not deserve the $ 15 on its own. So we have a chemist scientist. Yes. because all the chemists look just as beautiful as the guy who plays Peter. Try to come up with a serum to stop body damage. the college he's working on wants to get his plug off on his project, so he's trying it alone. but because it is a horror film, he sucks it and begins an incredibly long transformation sequence that lasts nearly three-fourths of the film. To eliminate the film, he gets into a relationship with a woman who has a son. and she was never married! scandalous! But, of course, Tommy is one of the most irritating characters ... no. I'm taking it back. He is the most irritating character. Much worse than the old guy who had to take over Peter's job and face him while he was in the hospital. so I saw Peter starting to randomly kill some people in visions he has until he realizes that he does it and just decides to kill everyone in his way to return to normal. However, at the end, he becomes de-evolved into a lizard. yes, I know he did not ask. Ending does not make any sense. And if you hope to get a great pleasure, you will not get it. It's not a HORRIBLE movie ... it's just frustrating due to the lack of a good pay. if you already own the 50 movie package and it is the next one on your list, you are not for a snoozer, but you are also not for a great movie. Just sit still, relax and eat plenty of food. Because this movie will not make you jump off your skin soon. Metamorphosis receives 4 heads of plastic lizard, out of 10.
