As others have said, this film is similar to FLY (both versions) and the less-known ALTERED STATES sci-fi movies. The big difference is that these two movies were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good to her. METAMORPHOSIS did not have these advantages. METAMORFOZA is a fantastically exciting science story that has mistaken people responsible for it and the wrong actors play roles. The story follows scientist Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsessed man working on a genetic lesson to aging and death. When the university they work on, threatens to reduce their funding, she decides to inject the anti-aging serum. As a result, Dr. Houseman slowly spends the rest of the film turning him into a lizard. And oh, looking at the good doctor, going through the process of becoming that lizard is a great joy. It's so bad that it's okay. Some of the lines are classic: "What was it?" "A nightmare ... of the past!" Many of the reviews I've read for this point are how silly and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie. I will go further and ruin it: the good doctor turns from a half man in motion, half a lizard to what appears to be a man in a godzilla suit rejected, when the police finally pushed him. In the final scene, an unpleasant kid is seen with a small pet lizard that she claims will never die, and the film's hero, Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov) obviously decides that the lizard is Dr. Houseman's latest incarnation. Then the camera gives us a close look at the lizard's face; that is, I suppose, the way the director has to show us that the lizard is bad. Yeah, it's terrible, but I'm laughing, so I can not complain. I watched this movie because it was part of Megapack Chilling Classics 50, which I bought. I'm sure many of those who read this have done exactly the same thing, because package 50 is the only way to see this movie on DVD. If you recently bought the set in the box and you have not watched this movie yet, it's really worth your time, even if you just ruined the end for you. You may also find this movie for free.
