"Metamorphosis" holds a small amount of worship, simply because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This type of Italian is more or less the personification of male malice and played in almost all the rancid production of Joe D'Amato in the late 1970s / early 1980s. Would not it be interesting for euro-cult avid buyers to own the only film directed by the guy who went all the time in "Erotic Nights of the Living Dead"? I thought! Now, unlike the movies he played, Eastman's own "Metamorphosis" is a kind of disappointment in the gore and sleazy departments. There is a series of ugly murder, the effects of the brown monster and the naked female bodies (a look promised by sleaze-queen Laura Gemser!) But it is mainly a movie speaking. The beautiful and eloquent Dr. Houseman is about to discover scientifically with his research on human DNA codes when suddenly the university he is working on threatens to cancel his funds. He developed a theory to decode genes and block the human aging process, but if he does not come up with detailed reports soon, his research will be stopped. Dr. Houseman does what any intelligent scientist does and inject the untested test into his own veins. Needless to say (and as if the title implies), it slowly turns into a murder monster, which actually ages much faster! In other words, his research sucks! Like the other commentators already mentioned, this movie "borrows" a lot of ideas from David Cronenberg's "The Fly"? the story of dramatic love included - but does not add any originality of its own. The big difference is that you feel connected to Jeff Goldblum's character in "The Fly," while Dr. Houseman becomes just another monster that needs to be destroyed as quickly as possible. The appearance of rapid aging syndrome also reminded me of Ruggero Deodato's "Phantom of Death" giallo, only the protagonist of that film inherited the disease and did not challenge it. Physical damage to carriers is very similar in both films. Few scarecrows or emotions to discover here, but the film has a lot of bad action, bad illumination, unpleasant editing, and a completely retarded climate to the boot. Feel free to jump.
