Pretty awful, but watchable and fun. It's the same old story (if you lived in the 80's). Vietnamese veterans struggle together as friends against injustice in the United States. A-Team meets the desire for death, my favorite! Time goes on, the soldiers go home, and after many years a friend has trouble. No, he expects - in fact, his friend is dead and his father has trouble. Our first hero, Joey, is killed by an extremely horrible meat chocolater as he tries to defend his father's small shop from the local "protec- tion" band, despite being a war wheelchair. Desperate for help, the father talks to Sarge, the leader of Joey's old unit in Vietnam, when Sarge appears for the funeral. Well, the scraping wheel is accompanied by fat, and the old bandage rises for the city. You can imagine the most of the rest of the movie. The only thing that made me crazy is that Sarge continues to harass people about planning and how they are very good at what they do when they plan ahead. But Joey would not have been put in a wheelchair in a Vietnam shoot, first of all if the unit was not tangled! When things go really well in town, while fighting gangs, they do it again. For no reason, they completely overcome their plan and try to find the band without everyone being present. PHH !!!! I get my hands in disgust. Foolishness! There is also a suspicious moment when all members present at the unit assure you that you try the heroin you are pulling out of the tape to make sure it is real. Each one of them. Hmm .... What are you gonna do? Keep looking, I think. The movie is not too horrible to watch, but it's a whistle. These are all these climatic moments when nothing happens. The most dramatic things that happen are those at the beginning of the movie - the explosives in Vietnam, Joey's death battle and the brutal brutal blow to an innocent brothel (Teddy!). guess my main meats with this movie is that I feel disappointed with it. Even the confused subpopulations with "mystery aids" and their bizarre reasons for multiple purposes were not enough to save it at the end. But one day maybe it will come well and will continue. Ha ha ha ha !!!
