If you have a bad day or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that makes you laugh and forget about your troubles. I do not think Role Models is that movie for you. The film focuses around Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott). Two juice promoters go to schools promoting the product, telling kids to stay away from drugs, and more juice. But Danny has the worst week and car breaks his car with Wheeler on the chair next to him. His former ex-girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer, manages to avoid jail time, making community-worthy hours, volunteering to a big brother, called Gayle's Sturdy Wings (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), who is 10 years old, and has a wrong mouth, like Chris Rock. Danny is attributed to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight and to fight like in medieval times. But will that be good for Danny and Wheeler, or will they be better in jail? Okay, I will not beat around the bush, this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. Ronnie's character, hearing those bad words coming out of a young child, was very shocking. If he was a little older, he would not have had that much. I mean, where did his parents think, when they signed him? The character of Elizabeth Banks is so indescribable, maybe I had to feel sorry for her character, but I did not feel anything, because it is annoyingly predictable portrayed as a woman to be played in these kinds of comedies. And Jane Lynch, which is the worst of the worst. It offers the best performance so far. He plays a drug addict who behaves as if he were still on drugs. Listening to her gives this annoying dialogue, making me want to throw my head in front of the wall. Seann William Scott, who once again played a character like Stifler, should try to break away, and this film will not do it. And the more Scott tries to be hard to be funny, it's what prevents him from being funny. Now Paul Rudd, on the other hand, is going to separate me from the others because he manages to deliver a solid performance, although he does not laugh anymore, but he is the most interesting character on the part of the others. Because Rudd is not too bad and does not try so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse can be traced. But the rest of the movie is so bad that he often dresses. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It's a reminder that these kinds of comedies do not try anything new, but they still have no chance. Role models are an example of this.
