(Only minor spoilers, except those mentioned above). I recently enjoyed a lot of Spanish cinemas; both the real Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar and the Latin-American cinematography of directors such as del Toro, whose splendor "Devil's Backbone," established in Spain, has been the best horror film of the last decade. It is no surprise, therefore, that this film is well done, well acted and manages to sustain that different Spanish atmosphere. But it's also just as ugly and useless a movie as one might hope not to have to see. What is the purpose of all these things? We have no real idea that has caused the creepy central character to embark on his killing syndrome, despite the fact that large amounts of narrative voice are extracted directly from his own narcissistic journal. In a typically unpleasant opening sequence, established more than a decade earlier, we see that the central character kills his girlfriend in anger of jealousy and control-freakery ("if I can not have no one can not . "). It's rather weird, maybe it's one of the best sequences of the movie, but it has nothing to do with its subsequent suffering of killing, which seems completely different in both motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to provoke this change? We have no idea, although later, we find, as a sort of absurdity, that he obtained a law degree while he was imprisoned. In the UK, in some of the best-known "serial killers" or "killer sex", the terrible problem appears: how about a wife? Did she know or know what's going on? This is a question that this movie could have a wax and, indeed, the wife begins to appear as one of the more interesting characters. "But, quite plainly, the answer to the question is quite clear:" No, it did not. "Even when a dramatic opportunity like this is presented on a plate, the film manages to batter It's all we get, perfunctorally sketched at the end, is her slightly amorous preparation to cash out the incomes after the event Compare this to the horribly revealing moment in Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says, "you know what I mean." Closing her fate and allowing us a frightened glance in unmistakable rotations of suppressed knowledge and horror. In the meantime, we must believe that the killer himself is a criminal Christian who goes beyond the police in a comprehensive manner, thus ensuring the earliest possible time to be imprisoned in a mental hospital before being released so that he can kill new. How did this happen? The plot becomes extremely sketchy at this moment; something to do, deliberately leaving some clues to the police; but how it all works or why, or how it actually works, is a mystery. Actually, I do not think serial killers are like that. The silence of the Lambs can be a comic book thing, but? Lecter aside? become serial killers. They are deeply disturbed, profoundly dysfunctional, deeply inappropriate people; not the glamorous creator presented here (closely related to the successful murderer of The Last Horror, or even the Bites man's dog, although it does not seem to have been noticed as a satire). /> This movie has little suspense, and bungles what little intrigue plot could have generated. He has nothing to say about the serial killer's motivations either in general or in the specific cultural environment of Spain. This is nothing but a misspoken excuse to show women a rather misogynist violence. And strange, which makes the more repulsive violence a certain failure of the nerves even in the way it is presented. The soft softness of what is actually just shown makes it seem even more repulsive than titiator. Only an explicitly scheduled shot would have been infinitely more shocking and would have made the rest completely useless, freeing up more film time to strengthen the holes that were in the plot and characterization. Instead, I simply got endless shots of young women who returned vulnerably on a table in their pretty but easy-to-see linen. Very, very creepy. I'm sorry to be rude; I like horror movies and I can tolerate even the most extreme, even if I worry about my partner. But I think someone who finds this good or interesting film really finds me away from him. The purpose of the horror movie is to scare you; this is just lascivious. It really leaves a really bad taste in your mouth. I have to give this film more than one star just because it is executed with competence, but morally it is not worth it and should never have done.
