Disappearance is in the Mojave desert, while Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) together with two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) along with Ethan (Jamie Croft) along the way, stop at a table on the edge of the road and ask for an old deserted mining town on the map called Weaver. No one claims to have heard about it, but it is certainly there and the family decides to take a detour to check out and take some pictures. Once in town, they took some pictures and have a look around, but when it comes time to leave their car it will not start and they have to spend the night there. While looking around, I find a camcorder she only plays to discover the images of a frightened woman saying that all her friends have disappeared the next morning and their car has disappeared as things get a sinister turn. What is Weaver's Secret? Henley will ever go there alive ... Written, co-executive produced and directed by Walter Klenhard I have to say that Disappearance is one of the most frustrating movies I've ever seen. For the first 85 minutes was a mysterious mix of good thriller and horror film, but then we are treated to one of the worst finishes in film history. The scenario suggests a lot of different things, but never elaborates or confirms, and I stood there really intrigued by what happened, from the mysterious disappearance of the family, the four recent graves, the abandoned mines, the supernatural sand storm, and the disappearance Ethan's inexplicable and equally unexplained reappearance, the sheriff's sinister motives, the compass in the car, the madman, the collapsed plane, the Weaver-denied people, and the possible side effects of a neutron bomb that had fallen near Weaver in the 1940s but everyone is thrown out of the window and for all we know could have been random individual events. Everything stretched beautifully and was set up for a great revelation of twisting, but none was present and, instead, I was treated to the most ambiguous, weird, surreal, and utterly frustrating end. If nothing else ends, it contravenes much of what has passed before and leaves the viewer more questions than answers. It's almost as if the producers had these great ideas, but then they did not know what to do with them and they just finished on the spot. I felt like I was making so much effort to watch the movie, which can be quite slow sometimes with no reward, and actually the end felt more like a tooth blow or a good two-finger greeting! /> The Klenhard Director does a good job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere, and the expansive desert locations give a good sense of isolation. It's well done, but what did they think of this end? Nothing suits, nothing makes sense, and it's just a huge frustration that when you're in the matter for about an hour and a half you get confused and want to know more. Despite the fact that it is a horror movie, there is no blood or gore, although there are one or two horrible moments here and there. The film reminds of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) remake of the big parts, because the film is ready to be a bizarre end, which does nothing to close the movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is good, with high production values, good special effects, sets, locations and cinema. Set up in America but filming in South Australia. The action is good from a decent distribution. The disappearance is a really strange movie, has long been formed as a mysterious mystery thriller of horror mystery, but never explains anything that happens and truly unreal, ending just throwing more questions than answers. I really can not see anybody who makes the head and this tail, I really can not.
