The disappearance is about a couple taking their family on vacation in New Mexico and is in deep trouble after having made a detour from the main highway to visit an apparently abandoned town in 1948 for unknown reasons. The city of Weaver seems harmless at first and has a tourist attraction until the family is locked there overnight and they start to have good reasons to suspect that others have experienced the same situation with fatal results. Henleys watches a Blair-Witch-Project-esquire video diary left by the city's last victim, who ironically demonstrates the best performance of anyone in this movie. Although Hamlin's and Dey's performances are much better than those they claim, "their emotional affections seem to me" flat "throughout the movie. Disappearance appeals to most of the movie because a lot of suspense and good direction, but the plot has unexpected and implausible transformations that seem to make no sense. It is worse that there is no understanding of what is happening in the movie, which makes the bizarre conclusion It seemed to me that the filmmakers were so focused on making a flow of tense scenes that they threw away all the elements of a good story: the development of plots, the gradual explanation of the themes and symbols that lead to a cohesive solution / outcome . <br /> <br /> The most difficult aspect of the film for me was that the first three quarters of it was spent to create tensions and curiosities about the year subtle aspects of the plot that were then abruptly abolished as if we did not deserve an explanation: What was the meaning of the Indian symbols on the walls? What happened to the original Weaver people? What was the connection with supper people? What does the sheriff know? What did the missing boy find if there is anything? It was, I think, a bad move, because it generated some resentment. We invested quite a few believers on the assumption of plausible explanations for some of these plot transformations and strange events, just to get movie makers to finish simply without answering any of these things. These are nice cliffhangers for the end of a ministry that is about to take again next week but a totally frustrating and inappropriate end for a stand-alone movie.
