I've been looking forward to watching this movie since I was released on Christmas DVD. After I booked a special slot for her last night, I sat down to watch her with my 17-year-old daughter and a student of film studies, with chocolate, of course, with an eager anticipation. We love Jane Austin. After just the first two minutes, we know we're sinking. Photos and camera angles, poor general cinema, direction, and wood performance have left us steady and unhappy. Separate, we've seen. Anne, played by Sally Hawkins, looked strangely and without any special purpose, directly to the camera on several occasions, breaking the "fantasy of the moment" hard earned and engaging us directly in an almost "I will find you" fashion tracking. Poor Rupert Penry-Jones, who played Captain Wentworth, did all the best with the script and direction, bless him. I hope they paid them well, however, being virtually killed on one occasion by a huge wave that predictably broke the threshold, leaving him and his co-actor. They were almost swept into the sea. Health and safety would have had a field day! Poor Rupert was left spit in sea water to deliver his line. Perhaps there is not enough money left in the kitten to reprogram this scene. Whoever has any sense would not have tried on such a day, first of all. Apart from Mr. Penry-Jones, Alice Krige gave her only convincing performance as Lady Russell, but her efforts were soon counterbalanced by Anthony Head's unconvincing portrayal of annoying Sir Walter Elliott. To the long awaited end of the movie, Captain Wentworth appeared on a gracious opportunity Anne with a visit every two seconds, after making great efforts to avoid it for most of the movie. It was as if he had developed a memory impediment that made him forget his reason for being. Instead, Anne was running away from the pillar to the post in search of a good captain who, in the meantime, had succeeded in almost calling the bathroom, was told that in just three or four minutes without having done anything at least a sweat. I have not experienced any of Anne's charms crossing the screen. Indeed, we let ourselves wonder what charismatic Captain Wentworth had ever seen Anne and why anyone, anyone, was saying nothing, turning Sir Walter to close. > The cruel kiss, normally, our favorite moment of little girl, was painfully drawn. As they approached more, Anne continued to open and close her mouth, which had the effect on the screen, making her look as if she had chewed the gum before she eventually met. Eww! <br /> <br /> The most pleasant thing about last night was chocolate and the half-hour exchange of views between mother and daughter about how bad the movie was. destroys such a delightful and exciting story, filmed in some of England's most beautiful landscapes. I'm sorry Jane.
