This production never got out of the ground for me. The plot is so cut that it is split and the production is so short that if you have not read the novel or you have seen a better adaptation (like 1995's with Amanda Root) you will be a little lost because there is no time for character development. I liked Sally Hawkins like Anne, but the rest of the cast fell a little from what it should have been. Mrs. Croft was too old, like Anne's older sister, Elizabeth. Mary uttered everything in such pulsating accents that the scorn and the general selfishness of her character were lost. Much better was Maria to Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and inappropriate use is so well established that, until Wentworth suggests that Anne remains with Louisa injured, and Mary objects that she, like Louisa's sister, should stay in place, imagine someone less suitable to do this. In this version, it may remain as it is insufficiently differentiated from anyone else in production. Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to look at, but he did a much better St John Rivers 1995 Jane Eyre), probably because the character required a less subtle feeling of depth. I agree with the comments made earlier about the gig scene: she seemed to try to get rid of Anne rather than make a favor. Also, the scene of the accident: it happens so quickly and with such a low context, you wonder what all the problems are. And the movement of the discourse that Wentworth hears in the novel at the beginning of this production is a critical mistake that only contributes to the dissociated nature of the scenario. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was enlightenment. Sometimes everything looked like a scene from the CIS morgue - very blue. Other times, enlightenment was so bad that it was hard to write the scene very well, like when Anne visits her old school friend, Mrs. Smith (who, by the way, should be more or less paralyzed. the street to tell him about Mr Elliot's terrible character was such a violation that I could not believe for a minute who he was - I thought he was one of the Musgrove girls. All the girls were almost interchangeable. And the scene that was going on at the end ... in a time when welfare was at hand, it's hard to imagine that Anne was creeping in the bathroom like dementia. How bad can you get? It's too bad. Sally Hawkins had all the creations of a good Anne Elliot, but was completely impeded by a poorly organized screenplay and too truncated production.
