I like the stories of Jane Austen. I only read two of them (P & P and S & S), but after seeing this adaptation, I'm going to "Persuasion" in my library just to make sense of the story and also because I refuse to, I think Jane Austen could have written such nonsense. For me, I thought that if we found a movie on a novel by Jane Austen, you can not really be wrong. It will happen very well by default. I was wrong. First, where are the characters you sympathize with and how do you feel? You must have at least one good character to get the audience to invest their emotions in them, and this did not give birth. Sure, I wanted Anne and Wentworth to meet, but only because that you know the purpose of the story is that they meet together. Instead, I had to confront my tea on TV and track it all the way. Anne was completely annoying, and finally I have no idea why Wentworth was so hit by it because it did not seem to be there to be attracted. She was gentle, gentle, boring, socially inappropriate, and she saw herself as a sheep, following the instructions of others but having her own mind. This can still work for a main character if you do it well. This has not been done well. The other characters displayed only different degrees of narcissism, of which Mary was the worst with a narcissistic personality disorder. If Mrs. Bennet in P & P had similar defects, she was still daring, while Mary was rather a strange story. Worse than funny. Wentworth was very nice and he looked like a decent guy. For most of the story, I was just wondering what kind of person he was and why he was in love with Anne, as surely he is the type guy who would like a person who is a bit more alive ...? Doctrine, not much to say, because we reacted more to the characters portrayed than to the good / bad people who were acting. Anthony Head was great, but as soon as I saw he was in it, I did not expect anything. The story was also very confusing. It was not until the end of the movie that Elizabeth was not Anna's stepfather, but actually a sister (still not 100%). Anne / Wentworth's whole story was also a bit fuzzy. They were together, but then they broke up and both are bitter? How come? Have I been wondering for a while, and the explanation seemed to have escaped because she was persuaded to do that by somebody? But it was said in a way "by" that it was almost missed, as if it were somewhat inconsequential. How can it be irrelevant when it's the core of the story? There were also a lot of dropping names, but no real sense of who the characters were. This person in Louisa, for example, who was she? A friend? Family? What the? It has not been clarified who the different characters are and the relationship between them. Lady Russell was there, but why? Mrs. Croft and Wentworth were brother and sister, who felt very unrealistic, because Mrs. Croft seemed mature enough to be his mother. The final kiss, yes, it was kind of strange to kiss in the street, but I did not really think about it, because I was too busy calling out "KICK WITH BEING!" on television, because Ann's lips were shaking and shaking and shaking for what they felt older before really meeting Wentworth. You have some hesitation there, but only for a few seconds or no, not half a minute. Then there is the problem of camera work. As a regular observer, pay attention to angles and others unless you decide to look at it. I did not decide to do this here, but I noticed. For me, that means filming does not do a good job. A lot of conversations were with extreme face closures, something that should only be used when there is a very important point to do. In this adaptation, it was over-used and therefore did not make sense. The occasional hand feeling also did not really work in a periodic drama. The camera is working in the operating scene in the end, also felt too contemporary. (Not to mention the running itself.) This was the only Austen adaptation we had in the Austen ITV season. It makes me wonder if it's worth watching "Abbey de Northanger" and "Mansfield Park" or if I should read the books and leave it to it. I am sad to say that this is an adaptation of Jane Austen that I have not enjoyed. Maybe I'm following the 1995 version instead. The BBC are renowned for having made beautiful Austen adaptations first and foremost.
