I did not want to look at that. It looked like an old Raj Kanwar film that disgusted me just before I started watching him because I did not think he was too close to being mediocre as a director. The only reason I took this is obviously Shahrukh Khan's appearance in the movie. I did not even know what the film was about because I was sure it would be just a fairy tale. So I imagined a love affair between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti, with Rishi Kapoor's sustained role, which I thought his father or uncle would play. And until my full shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually the hero! He is the one who tells the young Divya! I was saddened to find that Shahrukh had a small portion of no substance and that, only in the second part of this idiotic film. Let me repeat the question: why would a 17-year old wonderful Divya fall for a purple, purple, stuck, like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to take this part; the only thing he did was ridicule him. He ran a girl who might be logically younger than his daughter and make things worse - she acts as a teenager at the age of 40. In addition, just to become more pathetic, he plays a pop-star ... To make things clear, I do not have problems with actors who want to make a story much younger than themselves. As long as I make a convincing couple, there should be no problem. In fact, the main actors have always been scattered by young opposite girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and did the pair well enough. I also have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he is a good actor, and his act in Bobby is still well engraved in my heart, but it is not that he looks at this film like, for example, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan show today. It was such a disappointment. Oh, and because every person actually watched this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He excelled in the very little he allowed him to do. Divya Bharti also made a promising debut. If you want to watch this movie, go only in the second half. Personally, I would not even do that.
