I'm not one of those people who will come out of a source-based film and automatically say: "The book was better." I know better than to make a film worthwhile just because it was not a faithful adaptation. There is a long process and a lot of decisions that are directed towards making a movie that is sometimes under the control of the director / publisher / cinematographer / producer and certainly beyond the control of the original author. So it's unreasonable to expect a movie to be exactly the same, word-of-fact, like a card or game or video game or Disneyland Ride or anything else! A movie should be judged on its own standard and fit into society. Moreover, a successful film should be made because the material is relevant to the society it belongs to, and if it is based on the source material, its relevance should be re-examined and improved by the filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Movies like "There Will Be Blood" follow this paradigm because, as it is based on a novel written at the beginning of the century, Oil !, feels relevant due to issues such as war and concerns about energy from Iraq the home country of the film, the USA, has been and is facing. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technologies and animal rights concerns that people have. With that I said I do not understand why they even bothered to make this movie? Apart from the exceptional performances, the Oscar guarantees and the fees and royalties of Shanley's director / writers he will get, this movie seems to come from nowhere. It should have been just a piece. The film (which is essentially the same with the song) does not say anything new about the condemned sexual atrocities committed and, in many cases, covered by the Catholic Church here and abroad. Do not say anything new or different from the original piece. I can only compare this film to another movie that came out at the same time: Frost / Nixon, which also relies on a piece. Frost / Nixon, while Nixon's regrets seems relevant, because he appears to have come at a time when President Bush was about to quit. Nixon's regrets, as described in the play / movie, about the war and his presidency, could reflect equally light on Bush and his presidency. In this sense, Frost / Nixon seemed more relevant and in fact benefited from a wider distribution through the film, for letting people speak and reflect on the political status quo in that country. On the contrary, Doubt felt it was yesterday, and did not seem to offer anything that the song did not offer. Of course the movie is good, the performances are remarkable and the adaptation scenario is apt, but so what? Why did not it just look like a piece? Why, beyond marketing reasons and financial reasons, turn it into a movie? They did not give the public anything new to discuss the terrible subject.
