The Oscar season has arrived, so that means a lot of deep and engaging full-length movies are found in all the cinemas, hoping to win an audience and have the chance to win the best picture in the big show. These include the film, which is based on a very popular and well-liked piece. The original playwright was actually the writer and director of film adaptation; which comes as a two-edged sword. On the one hand, who better translate the song than the original writer? On the other hand, who better not to see the mistakes and disadvantages of the play and repair them than the original writer? Doubt mixes excellent action and plenty of tension and suspense; with a frustrating ending, unnecessary dialogue, questionable direction and, of course, the inability to provide substantial answers. There is an increasing trend among these "high-caliber" films not to answer all of the questions they provide, and this must stop. Doubt is like a joke without a punch line like a book with the last 20 pages missing, such as loss of reception while watching the fourth quarter of a hotly contested football game and as if you do not have 50 cents continue playing the arcade game and see what happens next. Doubt, as well as the best picture of the best image of frustrationfest No Country For Old Men, does not really end; does not provide us with considerable answers nor does it provide enough for us to realize the end. Yes, that was the intention, but this is not a test of mankind, it is a tree. I do not pay money to see an unfinished work, I pay money to see a beginning, middle and end, and I pray not to fall asleep during the three deeds. We are forced to become the "writers" of the film, completing ourselves what has happened before and what will happen to the characters I have seen screaming at each other. This little theater is about a nun (Meryl Streep) who seems very sure that the well-loved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual progress to a child going to the church; the first African-American boy in the Catholic Church. The church is torn secretly as if it were or does not spontaneously commit sins behind each other. The land is getting tough as some of the children start to behave differently, which attracts the announcement of a young professor (Amy Adams). The story is set immediately after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who has shaken the nation for some time and questioned their faith in humanity and one another. Doubt's strengths come in the action mix and also the continuous suspense, which builds slowly and never boils. Streep seems to be Oscar-winning in every role she is in, and here she is no different, because her heart-bearer behavior and soul puts a blanket of fear on all the students and some of the church staff. Hoffman excels once more as a priest, succeeding in passing with suspicion with a charming personality and a friendly aura. The seemingly hypocritical person is hard to shoot, especially when we are supposed to like it and also to think about it at the same time; but Hoffman climbs up against one of the best actresses in our generation and delivers fantastically. When these two argue, you can hear the fireworks without ever seeing it released. But let's not forget either Amy Adams (Enchanted) or Viola Davis (Ad-hoc Order) for their superb work. Doubt's casting ensemble is among the best in 2008. However, as I said before, writing and directing ruin this movie, especially when the third act is down. Questions appear but are not answered. Characters appear, but do not offer any real improvement over the plot. Children behave differently, but we never know why. There are strange angles in working with the camera and there is no real reason for it. John Patrick Shanley, the writer of the play, had a previous movie in his direct repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether pure or stupid arrogance, we are stuck with random random conversation sequences without cover, annoying total annoyance that bore no purpose (There was a discussion about two minutes of coffee and how much sugar the priest wanted) thanks to Mr. Shanley. <Br /> <br /> Bottom Line: Lack of an end is a bad trend that is as irritating as the seizure room - it works in action movies. It does not matter if we have a talented casting, decent cinema, good story or good use of sound and music; because we have a barrage of unanswered questions that spill over a movie over 100 minutes, but it does not end even! The translation from the song to the movie is good and pretty accurate, because we have the original mad behind the project, but he took the silly mistakes and stupid hits from the movie play. This decade saw the share of successful and high profile films that would have received a much higher score from me if it would simply have decided to add a few minutes of pictures and actually ends: Lateral, Cast Away, No Country for Old Men, Burn After Reading are some examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: end your stinkin 'movie. Please or at least provide a good amount of clues to fill us easily in the void (such as the depressing Wall-E stories), instead of looking into space as the loans suddenly start running and you are gone with a sense of emptiness, confusion, and mental pain. Do you have a beginning, middle and end please? As a critic, I prefer my films to be whole, not incomplete. Doubt feels incomplete, which makes it incompetent. Someone has to break this stupid trend.
