Intergalactic killer Kol (Ross Hagen) was sentenced to death and awaiting execution on a spacecraft designed for such a purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak, and Kol runs on a convenient exiting bridge and flies to the Earth (which seems to be nearby). There he faces a group of "teenagers" (who look like thirty) and a game guard (John Phillip Law) who helps him to protect him from the worst nightmare ... the bounty hunter and the android executioner (or better "gynoid") Alienator. From the cover of the tape, I was convinced it would be a terrible film. But as terrible as it turned out to be, it was a ton of fun, too (probably at least partly because I was watching someone who happens to be extremely wonderful). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in producing over a hundred low-level films (especially the Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers), does what he does best and throws together a plot that only makes half sense offers a rudimentary special effects. Bonus: P.J. Soles appears (as "Country"), obviously at a low point of his career. Sure there are plot holes. Why there are reddish in California (it would have been Los Angeles County if I understood the guard correctly). What happens to the sticky blouse of the spacious woman? Why is there a subplot about the captain of the ship trying hard to win his heart when this story does not go anywhere? What the hell is Quadrant 5? How do the chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that will short-circuit an android, but the ground mines practically do nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunk, American native football player with emphysema? And the guy of Lund (Robert Clarke) ... is his character even a point? Does the game play with the captain a point? Does this movie have a point? But the biggest mystery is Android (or gynoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is an "alienator"? Why does Daryl Hannah look like "Blade Runner", much bigger? Because, you see, if something is a cyborg, it's a human part. But if it's an android, it's all a car. It was an android, so there was no reason to make it human. It could have looked like anything. However, the person who designed it made it to the size of a shock absorber with David Bowie's hair and a shirt that showed me a little too much. If you want to make an android woman, would it not be her purpose to be seductive and to endure the enemies? The mission was not accomplished. They say that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think we have found a huge exception. If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" were still around today, this film would be on a very short list of movies that need to be harassed. Beyond the Alienator (sorry, Teagan, the students of the female weight are gross) the movie is fine. Maybe it's not a big story and maybe the characters are not really very interesting. And maybe the scene with the deer is incredibly adorable for no particular reason - what use does a killer robot have with a deer? But in general, I liked the movie. I will not pimp my friends or get to my local movie store to choose the latest DVD copy (which I'm sure is packed with amazing special features - no). But I think we have seen this very good film and look forward to similar adventures in the future.
