A very dysfunctional musical comedy that artificially attempts to marry the rock 'n' roll explosion since then, with the middle class sensibilities of a suburban sitcom. The result is a courageous mish-mash that will not satisfy any of the audience who went for music, but at least will keep their parents safe. <br /> <br /> A brief look at writing promo back from the video should give you some idea of ​​the content. Tom Ewell is a drunk agent, overwhelmed with such a low comedy ability, that you almost expect him to "drowse, I'm home!" Blurb places it as "so funny in" The 7 Year Itch "". It sounded almost like an excuse. What other film will be sold on the fact that a main player was good in something else? It's said "so funny in" The 7 Year Itch "... but it's garbage in it." Mansfield, a beautiful girl with 50-inch active rumors, is, unfortunately, a Monroe bargain basement, with all the ability to act and comedy the time of a rotten egyptian. His wooden delivery, combined with Ewell's OTT doubles, make him a comedy comedy from Hell. In turn, the sale gives us: "[Jayne Mansfield] whose more obvious talents are the cause of many of the greatest laughs of the movie!" As you can see, a movie sold on the idea that it's lead has a big chest is not the most sophisticated stuff. Most of this "humor" is that men literally fall over them, their glasses crack in Mansfield's place, etc. Only the Freudian nightmare of a pouring milk bottle doubts his "U" certificate. the musical side, the most adenine of the players are chosen. Would you really like to see Eddie Fontaine's offer: "I like my eyes, I like my lips and taste even better than potato chips" in a song called "Cool It, Baby"? Only Little Incendiary Richard bursts out of MOR, though he is forced to sing some of his songs, in a four-minute sequence. And how do all the songs play without a single microphone? Satisfaction attempts on the industry are broad and childlike in their conception. From a technical point of view, the image was quite advanced, with special effects (including a ghost like Julie London) and a luxurious color (which now looks flat and artificial, in fact, with bleeding tomatoes and fake meat tones, resembles a colorful film). Direction, however, is not remarkable, and the sound quality is also quite poor. Perhaps it is so old. A moment when men still smoked on the screen, the actors of the terribly nice child made adult observations, and the black servants were cooking and dancing. (All this happens here). However, some like the African queen, Ben Hur and many, many more examples of movies that can be enjoyed today, so the good-on-time argument does not really go up. In his heart The girl can not help It's a cynical and patronal adventure that does not have a strict inspection. 4/10. <br /> <br />
