I knew that "Evening" was a little girl movie, so I was expecting to get bored. An evil villain on IMDb said it was a "chicken blow", but your companion would survive. Survive? Yes. I'm still here, but when we both went out, we were amazed to find that it lasted only two hours - it seemed a much longer evening than that! I suppose Yanks should be ridiculous or fascinating because they are wealthy people who live on the beach - well, alongside the beach, in a house with a wide porch and a lawn, but without a seemingly grassy mower. If it impresses with such a thing, it might seem like a short film. There is a Monty Python movie about a Knight who will not die. He ends up in a state of wandering (why Yanks adds a third syllable to this word I ask myself) spinning on the road continually calling out threats to his nemesis. This movie is also about some kind of live deaths. Vanessa Redgrave (the name improper for the witch grave presented here) continues and dies while she is wrong. She is not worried about being a bimbo with big eyes but imagining she is a killer. Obviously, being a little girl, there is a guy who should be Mr Darcy / Heathcliff's character. I am not a woofter, so I can not claim to be a good judge of such things, but the boring boring who is rotated for this role seems to have only the title of servant in his favor. It's a bloodless Cyprus. As you might gather, the main characters are not too much cops, but the minor ones succeed, amazingly much worse. He is a man whose only job is to react to the news that his girlfriend is preparatory. Quite right, but it's not Hamlet's role - why should we defeat him so badly? Forgetting it was a little girl movie, I thought it would be thrown because any decent girlfriend would have told her that the mushroom did not flatter it, but then I realized that I had to encourage him to grow " beard "because it looked worse without her. I woke up waking up observing what actors and actresses had lobes attached or loose ears and observing interesting scraps of landscapes - if you're dragged along, see if you can see the stuffed buffalo head, everything you expect in a cottage Beach. Besides the mandatory wedding, there is only one action. You would have thought he would be right. Unfortunately, the crash and run-in accident is caused by a car that could not be there. When the accident is discovered, the cast wanders to shout for a character they can not know nearby (but we do the audience). If they have no idea that the person is a few miles away, why do they wander without shouting for him? I suppose the director's excuse is that it should be a half-memorable dream sequence ... Another scenery that caught my attention was a copper-bottomed saucepan. I did not think the technology to do this was developed until the fifties.
