Made a year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF THE SS, BLACKSNAKE could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF PLANTATION, and probably inspired producers behind Nazi sex-epic epics to go on with their more infamous, identical films : a beautiful blond, excited, capable, powerful (but poor) blond woman degrades and kills many people under her control, which everyone hates and wishes to kill her. Sounds familiar? Directors Russ Meyer and David Friedman, the producer behind ILSA's filming, are good friends and started their career together. So obviously there is a connection there. Looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can not believe that Russ Meyer wanted to go further and do anything other than his typical busty episodes because the XXX movies were all angry in the mid-1970s and Russ Meyer's films, though full of nudity and noise and violence, have never been close to real pornography. His films began to look strangely positive alongside DEEP THROAT and other hard-core porn bands. Meyer knew he could not compete with such films, and BLACKSNAKE is the sort of result of such a disaster in his career. He obviously wanted to develop into another unexplored territory. But BLACKSNAKE bombed at B.O. and Meyer returned quickly to make VIXEN movies that, even if they were not yet pornographic, were certainly more than all of his previous films. No wonder BLACKSNAKE was a failure BO. It's terrible. Trash-o-RAMA. Jaw-droppingly bad. It's a quasi-plague on slavery, if you can imagine that. The end result is jarring. For a minute, we are in the typical Meyer territory: exuberant, playful and silly, and then the next minute, a very serious meditation on slavery and violence. It is not like that? It just does not work. The aspect of slavery / racism is badly mistaken, and this film goes into true exploitation category. But BLACKSNAKE is not as weak as ILSA SHE WOLF OF SS and those kinds of movies, so I imagine that the fans of the latter were disappointed with it, which would explain almost lack of interest to this movie from the fans of exploitation fans of Russ Meyer. Meyer blamed BLACKSNAKE's failure because, and I quote, "She did not have enough breasts in her." I'm sorry, Russ, but the movie's stupid, with breasts or without breasts. But she's right about the small breast. With the exception of Anouska and the maid, the cast is male. Meyer replaces his usual boys of bearded boys with lots of massive stones in the form of anonymous black actors playing slaves and great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anouska's right hand portrayed as a ruthless but intelligent homosexual who enjoys the power she has on men, she can only wonder what Meyer is trying to create here. BLACKSNAKE sees David Warbeck, who is polished by Anouska and his right hand. Poor David. He seems totally embarrassed by the whole experience. He seems to have fun doing the movie, but you can clearly see that sometimes he has no idea what's going on. And then Anouska Hempel. She's a beautiful woman ... for the 1970s, not for the 1870s. With her makeup and hair she looks like a typical British babe since the 1970s, except a change in the domination of the century. And her wardrobe is hilarious. At one point, he actually unfastens his leather boots! I did not know they had zippers in those days. But the character he's playing is, in itself, really degrading (it's not a word game). It is nothing but a clue to the object of appetite and contempt for every man (and that woman) on the island. For example, one evening, when David and Anouska go, the annoying slave driver enters the room, hits David unconscious and tries to rape him, pulling him wild. The next day, the slave ruler is still working for Anouska, and the two behave as if nothing had happened. It is absolutely absurd. In any case, her character would have been a real person, Anouska would have whipped the slave driver without meaning and would have kicked the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that the woman holds him on the plantation, after trying to rape her, stretches the story and the credibility of the characters to the fullest. BLACKSNAKE is an unusual but strange movie. It can be seen in the train variety. I could only watch the movie for the absolutely ungrounded aspects of everyone (the excellent cinema scene makes viewing easier). So, being an exploitative movie, I think he did what he had to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer completists.
