Yeah, you're talking about bad progeny. Rick Moranis plays this awesome third sequel to "Honey I Shrunk the Kids" once fun and fun. The concept plays in principle the same way as the first film, but with adults, instead of children, they are low, and the inner house instead of the garden as the universe you explore. If you think this seems interesting, think again. The film is boring at best, even down in an embarrassment at worst. First, the continuity of the series was completely shattered in the toilet. The only remaining actor of the first film is apparently Rick Moranis. The actress who played his wife changed, the actors who played the children changed, those who played with the neighbors changed ... you call it. They try to make us believe it is the same family, but the results are boring to say at least. Secondly, the story is a reformulation of the first, without any originality. All the jokes (and just barely) and the dangerous situations presented in the movie are just copied directly from "Honey I Shrunk the Kids". <br /> <br /> The third problem, the special effects. I'm sure this was done with a smaller budget, but they are pathetic, far worse than those that appear in the rest of the series. You should be astonished to admire these tiny figures exploring the huge area of ​​the home, but you will probably end up being overthrown most of the time. <br /> <br /> The fourth problem, to locate the action inside the house, is just boring. Only a few things happen and when it happens, they are not at all thrilling. The first movie was funny, because the children dealt with nature, grass and the bugs that live in it. In this case, adults (who appear rather boring compared to children) deal with dust, a beetle and a trap of cockroaches. Disgusting. I do not know why the idea of ​​launching such a continuous tribune to the already moribund series appealed to Disney executives, except perhaps because they needed money without spending five minutes thinking about something new. I warn you: leave it on this waste-free garbage, where it should stay: get the dust on the store shelves.
