At a time when the constitution and principles upon which the United States was founded are trampled by a desperate administration to divert attention from its own internal problems, in which the Geneva Convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty are unequivocally abandoned, a thriller about the state where illegal action that goes far beyond that of the terrorists it controls may seem right. However, if you want to see a movie about it, try to face The Edge instead, because NADA is one of the most critical "political" movies ever since. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director took up a subject that he seems completely ignorant of and writes his ignorance on almost every frame. Terrorists are a group of unconvincing stereotypes - Fabio Testi dresses as if watching an audition for MAD Magazine magazine "Spy vs. Spy" Michel Duchaussoy behaves like an absurd KIDS IN THE HALL sends the sociology professor from Hell, Mariangela Melato, a revolutionary revolutionary in the cardboard class, who behaves in every unconvincing plot, returns as if he wants to be caught. Corrupt authorities enjoy a little better, but they are still painted in unconvincing blows. It's possible to make a smart movie about bad people (CHOICE), but this is a moronal movie about people badly made by people who think they are talking to the table. In fact, there was one to reform Testi, Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, the result would actually be to raise the intellectual content of the film, not to diminish it. Chabrol may have just disappeared with his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his staging is so inept (battle scenes would put a kindergarten in a negligent situation, while kidnapping is more inept than kidnapping) and its inability to achieve at least an approximation of recognized human behavior, so flagrantly that it is actually embarrassing to watch (here it must be mentioned especially Duchaussoy: so good in QUE LA BETE MUERE of Chabrol, he is amazing here in a show that is so far from the top is back). Chabrol made some fine movies, but you would never have guessed it from this amateur misery - a newcomer in his work would never want to see other movies after that, which would be a great shame. Strong and sad loss of potentially interesting material. A star of ten - and that's very generous.
