We have watched a few episodes of this show and found some interesting elements of it, considering medical facts that can be learned. But this is totally rooted and destroyed by the unhappy immoral relationships of the characters of the show. Everyone seems to have slept with almost everyone, even during the hours of the program, which is totally unrealistic. There does not seem to be a marriage or a solid relationship throughout the show - everyone is separated and traveling - it's just a real reflection of all the Americans. Indeed, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy, and it is truly lively. Then they are presented with endless moral "dilemmas" and are generally resolved in such a way that they disagree with degenerate management and private practice staff. For example, in one of the most recent episodes, we are presented with an extremely rare situation of a child born with an unsafe genre, and Addison absolutely refuses to perform the surgery because we have to let her child decide her later. Anyone who disagrees with this is portrayed as immature and stupid. And I think anyone who opposes abortion will be offended by how the show treats pro-lifters. Addison made no remark that no one was allowed to have an opinion on this matter, and that only a black person was given dignity to oppose abortion for moral reasons. The general feeling was that if you opposed abortion, you are a weird - hardly popular sentiment in the US. Two of the main characters of the show immediately point out that they had abortions when they were younger and did not have any excuses or regrets, despite the fact that research has shown that women can suffer intense depression. Moreover, a young girl comes to the clinic for an abortion and then thanks the outgoing staff and somebody talks about how they helped this young person and it was like something to enjoy. The script could have been written by Planned for Parents. Everything is an inexpensive show that does not have much of the future unless it decides to present more real relationships than theater theater relationships totally unbelievable and long medical situations full show.
