The story of a woman (Ann) in her deathbed, her two daughters (Nina and Constance) and her thoughts about her past. Flashbacks refer to a weekend in which young Ann is in the wedding of her friend Lila. At the wedding she meets Harris who will affect her for the rest of her life. Through all the traces and downs of her professional and family life, she reminds her of her true love. Her daughter, Constance, is older, more "responsible," a mother of two, and has things together. Nina jumps from her boyfriend to his beloved and workplace at work and is not sure of her direction alive. First of all good. The details of the movie are wonderful. Gowns, hair, cars, homes, etc. I really put you in another moment and place. And in the movie there is a very good quality. Vanessa Redgrave is pretty good at portraying her main character and fragile mental state as her life ends. Claire Danes is beautiful and has a great job as the main character when she was young (and she is a remarkable singer). Hugh Dancy brought a lot of life to the character of friend Lily Buddy. Now for the evil, which, unfortunately, is all else. Things constantly disturb the story, as it is revealed to us. The chemistry between Ann and Buddy is great. They have fun and dance. Then ... you should think he does not like more than a friend and that the pine just bothers him. And I thought the whole thing "could be gay" was out of the blue and did not serve a purpose. Then we have Harris. The character acts from wood and creepy. If it was a different genre, you would have known that Harris was the serial killer of departure. It's an incredible stretch to believe that all these girls loved it so (but they describe others as being quite lazy to try to help him). And the biggest problem of all. Why do not Ann and Harris meet? They fall to each other. They have this terrific sex evening in an old dirty garden, come home to find out about Buddy's tragic end and then ... Nothing. a few years later and to look at everyone else and I could not think of why. WHY? The movie does not let you know why they were forced to marry other people, so it was hard for me to feel sorry for them. The part of the story is quite dull today. The good daughter of the cliché and the evil daughter cliché. Nina is changing over the movie, but I'm not sure why. I'm not sure what her life is changing. There is an "emotional" scene in which the daughters who coincide with the old Ann are dreaming that they are hunting a butterfly. It's really blatant and embarrassing. <br /> <br /> "There are no mistakes," Ann advises us. The statement is not true with the story. And it does not sound right after seeing the movie and wanting not to lose the talent of such good actors.
