After watching this movie, I almost felt that I had lost 2 hours of my life, but I think there is something good in everything: If I agree with this film like any other film, you get 1 or 2 peaks , but if it qualifies it as a low budgeted index. film, can reach 3 or 4. This is a movie should be "complete" and without too long passages of boredom or waste of time. This movie is not. But I think a lot of independent films are about demonstrating film skills, and given this, this film has a few highlights. If I have to comment on what directors should take with them on their next project, I think distorted sound effects have been of some quality. I also manage to build some characters, but this leads me to what they should give up on their next project, because character building takes too long because it is largely irrelevant to the film scenario. There is no need to continue the long walks of walking time in the next project - what is the point? I think this movie is trying to be a bit of everything (building characters, suspense and a plot), and ends up being nothing (not very much) This movie is trying too hard and too hard, and I think it had to be cut into a short film. I have easily managed to find an hour of walking or a useless dialogue to cut off the movie. There are too many irrelevant things that happen in this movie. The story should have been more streamlined. I know it should be a mystery in this movie, but a slight surprise for who the killer is does not make a mystery. The story behind the "mystery" receives almost no attention during the film, which leaves the last "point" as a brief unsatisfactory addition. <br /> <br /> That's why I would like to say that this movie was a beautiful attempt, but I can not. I hope executives learn from their mistakes and produce a better product next time. If you do not have an interest in learning banks from making low-budget films, you do not need to watch this - you do not even see why everyone thinks it's bad. As others have said, I'm pretty sure the 10 of the film is from people somehow involved in the film. This movie could not get a "10" judgment from any point of view.
