CHOKE (aka AX in the UK) is a melody probably produced as a direct-to-DVD movie. I say "supposed" because the movie title does not have "V" in brackets to indicate that it was made for the DVD movie (even if it looks like it). <br /> <br /> The plot is simple? a band holds a concert in a former meat factory and they are killed one by one. I think most would agree that the movie will never be a masterpiece, but that does not excuse the flaws here. Even "direct-to-DVD" movies, such as BACHELOR PARTY MASSACRE (which has a very low IMDb rating), have a lot of redeeming qualities and sometimes disappear as one of the so-called " bad, they are good ". However, the CHOKE does not fall too much to be either a serious (like HALLOWEEN) or a "so bad is good" movie (like THE GUN MASSACRE). The movie does not start well with a character killed by a drill. The effects of the blood were very brick, but understandable, given the very low budget. But from there, it's down all the way. There are so many flaws in THE CHOKE that I can talk all day about them. But some of the evidence is noticeable and I will enter them. The band-backed concert seems to start with about 50 people present, but after the music stops, it looks like there are only about 8 people left (and yet all are meant to be locked!). The characters in this movie are not at all pleasant. Most of the band's members are aggressive stammering or even strange. Nobody cares about what's going on with them, and even their supposed friends forget about them when they were sent. The climax of the film is the presence of a homeless man who seems to consider the meat factory to be a kind of church (seriously!). He makes some really funny lines for no apparent reason. But, unfortunately, even his presence can not save the movie. There are too many scenes of people walking and talking without any characterization. Approximately 65 minutes of the movie are spent watching some characters who walk around talking. Characters disappear for long periods without explanation. As with other direct-to-DVD movies such as CROCODILE and GRIM WEEKEND, the characters spend a lot of time swearing each other aggressively without any challenge at all. There are a lot of bursts from the top (mainly from male characters) and one almost leads to a full fight. In fact, it can be said that the format will take place as follows: the characters walk around - it's murder - it's a character walk - it's murder. You had the idea. The dialogue is terrible, and it seems that there are few lines without the use of the word f. Perhaps this should have been fun, but it just came out just as sad. And even more so far, we have all seen this a thousand times before (usually up to a much greater effect). The film is completely free of suspense. Dead bodies serve to give the only indication that the characters are in danger. A maniac runs around freely, and yet the characters behave just like morons. They try to get out of the factory or find a weapon to protect. And, most of the time, they do not even pretend to be scared. In the same way as DRIVE-IN MASSACRE, the killer is not seen when committing crimes (except for the final murder when revealing the identity of the killer). A random weapon appears from nowhere to kill the victim. There is nobody seen watching the characters anytime. In DRIVE-IN MASSACRE, this made the movie fun (of course, unintentionally), but here it is not funny at all. And, as another reviewer pointed out, the soundtrack includes music that is very bad, even for those who like punk rock. The excerpt looks at an uncomfortable dance. The score (at the end there is no music at the beginning!) It consists of a band of Sugarbabe wannabes singing a very bad song that has nothing to do with the movie. You do not misunderstand the points made in this review. This reviewer likes bad movies (such as THE NAIL GUN MASSACRE and BACHELOR PARTY MASSACRE) as well as classics (such as HALLOWEEN and Friday 13). But it seems that CHOKE tried too much to fit into one of those categories without falling into any one. And even if direct-to-DVD movies go, this is a poor effort. On a positive note, the film contains some pretty good crime scenes. But when the surviving characters do not take the situation seriously, these scenes lose their importance as the intensity they give up disappears in oblivion. The traditional B-movie fans of the 1980s should take action to avoid this movie. And class fans, like HALLOWEEN and Friday 13, should do everything in their power to avoid it!
