The Choke begins as a rock band known as The Choke, preparing for a nightclub concert at Club 905, owned and run by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) intend to tell the rest of the band, bassist London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that both are going alone and their services will not be needed anymore. Once at the club, Dylan prepares, but Mike does not appear and the concert turns into a disaster. Then, as the band thinks things can not get worse, they find a dead body in the cellar, that all the doors have been closed so they can not get out and can not trust anyone, while a mysterious murderer begins to takes it one by one ... Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas Choke is a teen slasher standard that has nothing to do. The scenario of Jessica Dolan and Susannah Lowber (not many horror films out there written by ladies ...) has a surprisingly good character in him and a rather weird dialogue, but while he is much better than a lot of modern horror camera pictures in this sense is so slow and boring that even some interesting characters can not come anywhere near to save them. As one might expect to use all the usual weaknesses of clichés, from the isolated location that victims can not escape, the teenage tower that looks good, which is preserved, a few murder and a really bad evil end, which tries to imitate something like Scream (1996) and be surprising, but it does not make sense when you think logically (could not have done some of the things they were supposed to do) and make things even worse, I guess who killer was early enough and even if I do not want to boast I was on the spot. Then there is the fact that the producers of The Choke felt that the audience would be distracted by the fact that it looks endless (feels endless while watching it) teenage scenes going on the dark corridors that do nothing in particular, I'm sorry , but there are just so many scenes that they can take before they become boring. The number of crimes is low, at first everyone decides to stay together (a good idea), but then they just decide to separate and make their way separately (bad ideas when there is a killer in freedom), the rhythm is lethargic, the scenes of killing are unimaginable and top everything on the end twisting is weak. Director Mas does not do well, the movie seems OK, for the most part, although there are strange occasions when he uses an annoying posting production editing technique, such as a slow motion or a jump in the frame. Levels of gore are not really up to zero, they're blood splatters, a guy with a hole in his chest, some dead bodies, and someone pulled on metal poles. Most of the killings happen out of the screen, with the axis killing at the end of the year, a good example of the film that did not show anything. Since the movie is about a rock band, there is a rock-oriented soundtrack, with terrible and horrible horrible rock songs. I'm sorry rock fans, but in my ears the shit is just noise. It's not scary, there's no real atmosphere and the lack of blood and gore is just inexplicable when the rest of the movie is so bad. With an estimated budget of about $ 1,000,000 Choke is well done with reasonable production values, it seems cheap to be sure, but not as inexpensive as many low-budget horror films look. Shot in a place called Spokane in Washington apparently. The actor is one of the strongest shooting points, because generally good enough, they say no one will win an Oscar, but it is not bad at all. Choke is a routine Scream teen slasher style that has one of the poorest twists ever ending & a lack of criminal blood, gore, violence, nudity & corpses. I mean if a slasher has no sex or gore then what is the purpose? These are the only things you deserve to follow on average, right?
