I went to see "Evening" because of distribution. I went to see "Norman's Chamber" for this reason - the movie that offered Diane Keaton, Leonardo De Caprio and also Meryl Streep - and loved them every minute. The same for The Notebook, even if it was a full cat. And my feeling was that any performances by Vanessa Redgrave, Meryl Streep, Patrick Wilson, and Glenn Close would be at least as good. Instead, I found out that sometimes even the best actors can not overcome tribal, simplistic materials and - on one occasion - truly offensive. Now I have no problem with how the movie was structured. In fact, I enjoy movies that are cut back and forth in time to tell a story ... as long as an epoch illuminates the other and the verses dreams. But while Vanessa's character being on her deathbed and recalling a past event she felt "was a mistake," sometimes the part that actually shows what the "past mistake" did not do to clarify this issue. In fact, it makes it seem meaningless in the silhouette of "little girl meets boy, girl gets boy, boy misses boy" fashion, and in the most incredible, cliched, wrong-head possible. here are spoilers, so keep in mind if you keep reading. First of all, Claire Danes was brutally mischievous. Not only does she start to resemble Vanessa Redgrave as a young woman, but she does not have to deal with the chore when it comes to acting. Do not get me wrong, it can be good in the right role - not just that. And Patrick Wilson has been lost, despite the fact that he has a knock on his way to pulling him. It would have been more appropriate for the role played by Hugh Dancy - the rich confused WASP - and not the object of sexual attraction for one and all; It's a little WASP-y for that. Hugh Dancy? A note - "I'm drunk drunk and wait until you find out why." And "why" (I am a case of a cabinet in a sexually suppressed world, so I have to drink in excess and make myself stupid in front of everyone I know) was so offensive to me and the way in which he died (as you knew he would do it, because that's the only thing that can happen to a dog in the fifties), so ridiculous, wrong and stupid, I almost dropped my candy on the screen. a modern part between Toni Collette and her sister, the fear of commitment, the jealousy of her sister's perfect life, her sister wondering if she made the right choices, her pregnancy and her boyfriend too perfect (which might have been more interesting and meaningful if Patrick Wilson would have played, and Ebon Moss-Bachrach could have been a more interesting Harris, given his dream eyes) - anyway, they were all shattered in the '70s and' 80s. And in a much larger depth. Do we really have to present it as if it were fresh and of great importance? And at first, Meryl Streep does not appear until the last ten minutes of the movie, all in the old makeup that hides many of her facial expressions. She's still good, but only because it's Meryl, and Meryl can find a way to pull even the silky dialogue under the toughest makeup. So, simply, this movie has every cliché in the "really significant book," and adds some who really did not have a business to be pulled apart. The two-hour and sweet life with "Lifetime of the Week" music, which guarantees you to rub, is a complete failure in both "significant" and movie-related aspects. Take "3" just because of Meryl and Vanessa. Now if all you need from your movies is twadd them, then please set my comments about "Evening" aside and have time for your life. But if you want a truly meaningful experience to be served by the great actors and directors who know what to do with a simple story about life and death and all the crap they bring, rent the "Norman's room" and find out what is really great.
