There's a good movie here, but that's not it. The basic idea is good: to explore the moral issues that will face a group of young survivors of apocalypse. But logic is so confusing that it is impossible to get involved. For example, the four heroes are paranoid (understandable) about capturing the mysterious aerial contagion that wiped out almost all of humanity. However, she wore surgical masks several times, not others. Sometimes they are fanatical about deleting with whitening any area touched by an infected person. In fact, they seem to be completely indifferent. Worse, after apparently having survived for a few weeks or months in this new killer or murdered world, these people are constantly acting like sticks. They do not get tired of getting adequate equipment or food. They are forever out of fuel in the middle of nowhere. They do not take elementary precautions when they meet with strangers. And after seeing the rotten corpses of the entire human race, they are as squeamish as the debutantes housed. You have to ask yourself constantly how it could have survived so much ... and even if it happened, why would anyone want to make a movie about them. When these dweebs stop to agonize the moral dimension of their actions, it is impossible to take seriously our soul research. Their actions should first have a minimal sense. Besides all this, we have to fight with the dubious skills of Chris Pine's act. His appearance by an arrogant young man, James T Kirk, might have seemed amazing, viewed in isolation. But in Carriers the exact same note is played: arrogant and indecisive. It is impossible not to suspect that this is all his dramatic range. On the positive side, the movie looks great. It has a too sharp and saturated look that really matches the location in the southwestern US. But this can not save the really poor writing, the thin (and annoying) characters. Even if you are a fan of the end of the world, you should save yourself the agony of following the carriers.
