"Carriers" follows the exploits of two guys and two little girls in a stolen Mercedes, with the warrior's words on the hood that raised him on the beach highway, surfboards tied to the top of the car. Brian (Chris Pine of "Star Trek") leads and Bobby's friend (Piper Perabo of "Coyote Ugly") has a shotgun, while Brian's younger brother Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of "Fanboys" Kate (Emily VanCamp of "Ring 2") occupies the back seat. This quartet of 20-year-old characters lives in a nightmare, apparently a viral pandemic - which we are told without co-directors and co-scriptwriters Alex Pastor and David Pastor - has devastated America. Of course, the lack of exposure has moved away for at least fifteen minutes, which would have slowed down this cynical melody on how people degenerate into a crisis and become the worst enemies of This lethal virus gives you the shingles and then bleeds and die.Most of them all go around them, wearing white masks stuck in the nose and mouth of a thin rubber band.Firstly, this four meets a desperate father, Frank Christopher Meloni d is "Runaway Bride") and his cute daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of "Land of the Lost"), blocking the highway with their SUV. Brian walks around Frank when he tries to beat them, but in this process the Mercedes oil tray breaks and ends on foot. Unfortunately, they take a stroll with Frank after they have caught Jodie behind the SUV. He wears a mask over his nose and mouth and is covered with blood. Frank heard that doctors cure sick people to a hospital and head for him. Unfortunately, someone lied to Frank. The hospital doctor gives the last two kids some Kool-Aid that will take them out of their mess. Treatment has not improved their condition. All the others in the city died. Kate is trying unsuccessfully to get a ringtone on every phone. Frank realizes there is no hope for his daughter and he leaves the heroic quartet to match his SUV and take off. Indeed, "Carriers" qualify as a relentless depressing film about the effects of a pandemic on four sympathetic people who degenerate murderers into murderers to protect themselves. They arrive in a country club and swim around a golf course until four more come in costumes and masks with pumping jets. Incredibly, our protagonists manage to escape without being shot, but Brian has hope when he falls almost in the water with a floating body. Eventually, he discovers that one of them has become infected. Later, as they run out of gas, Brian blocks the highway as Frank first. Danny tries to stop a pair of older Christian women driving the car. Danny finds that his pregnant wife is about to give birth and that he needs their help. Brian cautiously pours the wind and throws himself to the ladies with his gun automatically when he refuses to help them. Brian gets one leg in the passenger's foot, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a movie of beer and pizza you can either laugh or laugh because humor is virtually non-existent. By the end of this 84-minute film, our heroes have turned into criminals who deal only with themselves and their situation. Chris Pine makes an impression that Brian, full of fun, and his energetic performance is the only reason to stay with this hokum, while the only other well-known actress, Piper Perabo, is relegated to an inconsistent love role. Like Bobby, she tragically makes the mistake of showing compassion to a dying little girl and pays a terrible price. It is proof of Pine's performance that he can change his character to the point of facing others. In essence, Pine has the only role that gives him the ability to shoot a man of eighty from a lucky guy in a heartless guy. <br /> <br /> The two directors are Spanish brothers and never leave the impulse flag. Because there is no relief in sight, "Carriers" sink into predictability. The "irreversible" film Benoît Debie does a great job with his wide-screen lens and, as if disorienting this journey on the road, Debie makes it a dynamic film. Apart from the lack of a happy ending or the closure in any sense of the word, "Carrier" suffers because it is so horrible cynic. The scene in which the German Shepherd Attacker attacks Danny causes the most suspense, but it could even have been improved. Unfortunately, the pastor brothers do not scare too much tension or suspense. By blur, you do not care what happens to anyone.
