This self-indulgent disorder would have made the kiss of Branagh's career as Shakespeare's adaptation for cinema. (Launched 4 years ago, it's not an enormous adaptation since then). I just finished doing this on cable - holy God, it's terrible. I agree with the feeling of a commentator below who said that reviewing something so obvious and unfortunately terrible is a ungenerated act that happens like a cry. That being said, I will take the risk just because 'Lost's Labor Lost * is the perfect reward for those who have overestimated Mr Branagh's leadership abilities in the past. Branagh has always been a rather stupid director: literally noisy; star hit; unforgivably ungenerous to his fellow actors (he loves the American stars, but he loves it more, making it damn sure he gets all the good lines). Along these lines, the sad fact remains that * Lost * is getting worse than the endless, frightening, swollen Hamlet * since 1996. In fact, this film may be preferred only because it is about 1/3 of the length. Branagh decided it would be a good idea to update this shrewd early work of Shakespeare in Cole Porter, George Gershwin, Fred Astaire, yada yada. So, he set things up in 1939, leaving about eight of the intact text in favor of flagrant interpretations of the Thirteen Standards (wait until you see the actors spinning up to the ceiling during "I'm in Heaven") and throwing actors who are not known for their dance or singing (included in it). The result is a disaster so surreal that one is left frightened that he did not call a terrible stop for everything after watching the first papers. Neither do I blame the cast. To paraphrase Hamlet, "Scenario is the thing!" Nobody could have done well in this gambling: CSR graduate illustrations are not better than Alicia Silverstone. Who could act on this matter? Branagh's first mistake was to think that * Lost's Labor Lost * was a piece worth filming. Believe me, it is not. It is an anomaly in Bard's canon, expressly written for a court-educated coterie - NOT the usual audience for which he wrote. Therefore, there is a multitude of precious word-word (and TEDIUS!), References to contemporary scholastic nonsense, parodies of Euphues * to Lyly. . . in other words, the hard material to appeal to a wide audience. Hell, do not turn to an audience already prone to Shakespeare's comedy. The song can not be staged without drastically cutting the text and desperately "updating" it with any gimmick that comes in handy. Which asks the question: Why bother us? <br /> <br /> Branagh's second mistake was to think that a piece of Shakespeare's piece could be served with a side command of Gershwin's marmalade. Clearly, the idea or hope was to make an unintelligible Elisabethan exercise, tasty to modern audiences, by administering the nostalgic pop culture of America at the same time. But again, this questions the question: Why bother?
