Around the late 70's, animator Don Bluth, frustrated by the exit of his company, Disney was churning, deserted at House Mouse to form his own studio. His first production, NIMH SECRET, was a brilliant feature that still works well up to now. This was followed by an American TAIL and THE LAND BEFORE TIME, both of which were made under the influence of Steven Spielberg and had a commercial success. Although none of the two films made the dark call of NIMH for adults, they are still very charming and enjoyable for both children and the elderly. But, long time ago, Don Bluth had his first major eruption, with ALL WINNING WINES NEVIN; critics have been particularly harsh on this film, and things have not been helped by having opened it with Disney's The LITTLE MERMAID. Since the film has such a friendly title, it would be all that Cats go crazy to be enjoyable for the family. Instead, Bluth offers a surprisingly dark story, involving gambling, deception, murder, mistreatment and murder. This is not a problem for a animated feature on the word, but questions whether the movie is for children. On the other hand, it's hard to tell if adults will find plenty to enjoy in ALL WINNING WINES. In short, it's a movie with a major identity crisis. Placed in a New Orleans junkyard, the movie begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a scrumptious German shepherd, carries out a courtesy car of his former gambling casino partner, a nasty cigarette pitbull, Carface. Before you know, Charlie is in the sky, though implicit. Here a whippet angel, Annabelle, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven because, unlike humans, dogs are usually loyal and good." This line is the confusing nature of the movie, since the dogs in the film, the whippet aside, are presented as anything other than. After realizing that he was killed, Charlie steals his way back to Earth and even Carface. With Charlie's help, she saves the Carface Award, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to the animals (to predict who will win the rat races). Charlie says he will help the little box find a family, but in reality he uses his skills to win fortunes in the race so that he can build a more elaborate casino to bring Carface down. Although he refuses to admit, Charlie grows to love AnneMarie ... The story concept is not as problematic as execution. Apart from the human little girl AnneMarie and a glamorous musical aligator, which appears around three quarters (with Ken Page's vocal ducts), none of the other characters appear to be pleasant or honest, nor worth having care. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; In an attempt to make him become an anti-hero, the script (composed of more than ten writers) only succeeds in giving him the unattainable character. As such, the audience does not feel empathy for Charlie and, worse, his redemption at the end of the movie does not happen as convincing. (More damaging to the character is Burt Reynolds's disappointing, non-artistic voice performance.) In addition to the lack of a glamorous advantage, another film problem is in the narrative structure. The story slowly-paced jumps everywhere and makes the habit of throwing in extra scenes that serve no purpose but to eliminate the time of the movie. The musical aligator mentioned above (living in a native rat infested earth channel) seems to have been thrown out of nowhere, just like a scene where Charlie tries to show his generosity AnneMarie by feeding a pack of pizzas chicken paste. The entire scenario resembles a first raw project; a little more Polish could have made it a tighter and stronger story. The problems are not helped by the brilliant musical numbers by Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (AnneMarie's melody and Gator's ballad are the only good ones, the latter benefiting especially from Ken Page's melodious voice) or the uneven voice. As I mentioned, Burt Reynolds's tough, lifeless, Burt Reynolds distracts him even further from his still inappropriate character (the only exception is a confession of fire for Itchy about his true intentions to the end). Dom DeLuise because he is good enough, but he had better roles, especially Tiger in an American TAIL and Jeremy in the NIMH SECRET. Ken Page, as I mentioned, is great in everything he does, but his character is so small that his overall contribution is unimaginable at best. Similarly, they are wasted Loni Anderson (as a collie that was once with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi, like AnneMarie, is probably the only voice that happens to be truly memorable, partly because her character is the only one who can be legitimate in this depressing and joyless show. Barsi apart, the only positive about ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN is the animation. From a technical point of view, this film has some of the most imaginative images from Bluth's (1980's) team, especially a frightening scene in which Charlie has a nightmare about ending up in a world full of lights, led by a satanic demon kangaroo. If anything, the movie is more of an animation triumph than the story. Generally, however, I can not recommend ALL Dogs to go crazy as good entertainment. Even if I admit that the film has its fans and that the climax gives the admission of energy and a conclusion on the move, the general package is not in the same league as Bluth's better efforts. Animation animations will marvel at the lush culture, but to the end, ALL WINES LOSE TO HEAVEN might well leave a tasteless taste in the mouth.
