I'm studying Catalan and I was delighted to find El Mar, a movie with the greatest Catalan dialogue, at my video art shop. Hmmm ... not so excited to have seen him. <br /> <br /> Yes, as the other commentators have said, it is well made and photographed nicely. Although the child's opening sequence is violently shocking, it is well concretized and convincing. (For the most part, that is ... Is it Mallorca to beat a corpse in preparation for fun in the middle of the market, in full view of the 10-year-old boy?) Oh, well .. Minor details. Up to this point, it had something to sense of a non-magic Labyrinth Pan, also established in the Spanish Civil War. Fast-forward and the three children who survived the opening incident came from age. Francisca is a nun who works for a tuberculosis sanitarium, and the two boys, Manuel and Ramallo, are both patients. I know, but hey, coincidences happen. The problem, as with so many Spanish films (apologizing to Almodovar fans), is that, with one exception (Francisca), the characters are so weird * strange. Their motivations, personalities and dialogue are often simply incoherent. Moreover, he descends into a terribly miserable excess. Be prepared for many pains and LOTS of blood. The reviewer who called her a "potboiler" is on the right track. If it had been done 40 years ago, the poster would have said: SEE THE FREE INTERRUPTION! RAPE!! CRIME!! MUTILATION!! FANATICISM!! ANIMAL CRUISES !! BETRAYAL!! <br /> <br /> The opening sequence is not enough to make the personalities and character relationships credible. To work, this should have had more flashbacks to fool the characters. As it is, it seems a bizarre and depressing cross between "Brother Sun, Sister Moon" and "Pulp Fiction". If it sounds like something you have to see, by all means, enjoy yourself. I think I'm going with something that does not make me feel like I have to take a shower to wash the gorillas and the darkness. As for the Catalan, it is the Mallorqui dialect, quite different from the Barcelona dialect, although I was surprised by the comment that Barbarians needed Catalan subtitles to understand them.
