THIS REVIEW IS MORE THAN SPOILERS. IF YOU PLANNATE WHEN YOU USE YOUR FILM, DO NOT READ THIS REVIEW. That's the problem with the kids today. Everything is so patronizing and condescending. - It was fun, was not it? No, it was not. And, unfortunately, it seems to have infiltrated the children's movies as well. And that's what "reni flight" means. Of course, I did not see "The Race Fly" in a few years, so I might be mad at some points, but I remember being completely imprinted with him at the time. In essence, the story follows a lecturer who receives a book for Christmas. Now the lecturer is a stylish scientist about an animal's flying habits. I think they were bullfrogs. However, through this book, lecturer / family man finds that reindeer can cover exactly the same way as bullfrogs. Apparently this book was written by a scientist hundreds of years ago who disappeared into the North Pole. If it was me, I'd have dropped the book in the nearest window. Flight Bullfrogs are a natural phenomenon, but the flying shark is a fantastic and completely unrealistic concept. But the lecturer is NOT me, so I think this explains why he decides to fly to the north pole leaving his wife and child home without any idea where he left. Of course things are in order, and before he knows, a reindeer, flying, collapsed in his private plane and stumbled at the North Pole. Are you still following this? Good. <br /> <br /> His family, of course, is devastated. I would be, I mean, a pitiful Christmas. Elsewhere, the lecturer is in a hidden city at the North Pole, inhabited by cats, and a tyrant figure dressed in red and white. Rather than trying to escape immediately, as I would have done, she greets everyone with her arms open. This hidden civilization of cat monsters, and he greets them with open arms. Oooo-kayyyy. They feed on this story that they are Santa Claus's elves and spend all their years playing toys for kids who have no idea. And the lecturer accepts all this. He even accepts that Santa Claus is, in fact, the scientist who disappeared two hundred years ago or something else. There is only one problem - they do not want to leave. The world can not know their secret existence. After all, before they knew it would be a McDonald's and a Starbucks on every corner of the street. Still, with me? the book and assumed he went to the North Pole. Boys, would not they be embarrassed if they found out that she just went out for a walk? Before the public knows this, they go downstairs to spend a Christmas in the most authentic wonders of the planet. Meanwhile, the lecturer gets sick of all the pimples and decides to leave. I do not remember exactly, but I remember keeping Santa Claus armed. A fire fight occurs when attacking the stones and manages to escape through Santa's sleigh. With the warm sun on his heels and his eyes in his eyes, Mr. Anything, with a wonderful coincidence, he wakes up next to his family's plane looking for him. So he jumps on their plane, the planes fly back and everyone lives happily afterwards. The fact is that there have been some shocking movies made in the name of Christmas over the years, but because they are that festive charm they are moving away with. And it is that charm that is absolutely devoid of "Rene Flying" Not too bad with him; nothing that insults intelligence (well, obviously it exists, but it is a movie for children and so can escape with such things) or anything particularly offensive, but the problem is that there is nothing too good about it. It just does not feel Christmassy. And for a movie about Christmas, which is a pretty important flaw. But, hey, do not think the target audience of the Flight flight thinks about that? Why should I? Everyone is so sedated on sedatives, I probably can not say "Christmas". I give him three out of ten. If it was a TV movie, I'd add two more stars on it. We all know how bad we can get.
