I'm a great fan of movies that make you think. I'm still thinking a lot about that, seven minutes after the credits rolled. What really fucks my neurons is trying to understand the relevance to the naked girl's plot that feeds on her oily glass body, made extra-sticky, being filmed on a cheap film. This has happened three times, and I was sure it would be explained in the end. I put my trust in filmmakers that this attempt to attract viewers would be justified. It was not. The film must be the most apathetic I've ever met. The sets looked like a cross between a Dr 1970 who also set a bad idea for someone about a dyed room in the sponge. The light is unimaginable (if your sets are so bad, at least shoot them in the semi-dark to hide the gypsum boards and create an ambiance). From the kidnapped quartet, the little girl is remarkably tortured, but none of them is given a personality. Aliens' plans for world domination are simply stupid - all they need is a birth control pill and their problems are resolved. Most of the film is made up of people coming down the corridors. Yes, it really is interesting. The special effect of the "ray gun" is ... curious, at least (what use is a weapon that needs a concentrated 15-second explosion to kill, and even then the guy returns for more?). The script is like a bad episode of A-Team, and ladies' hairstyles come from the same age, so they seem to be school teachers instead of an advanced team of foreign criminal invaders. When we finally see what the aliens look like, they're in suspended animation and never get out of the boxes. The resolution of the story - the alien traitor has only a few words with the invading fleet commander and without a second thought that he is heading home - is indeed the sign of a writer who never had a more complex idea than a cartoon of the morning of Saturday those who have no plot, action or characterization) in his life. But seriously, what about the naked chick? Was it really just so that they could justify putting the meat on the DVD cover to increase sales?
