I've been using IMDb for a few years, but I have not written any reviews before. However, this movie disappointed me so much (even with a modest 6.4 score at the time of writing) that I could no longer reassure. The noise is the story of a New Yorker (Tim Robbins) who is so disturbed by the noise that he takes an alter-ego as vigilant, the "Rectifier," and vandalizes any machine he finds with an alarm sound. the name of the movie is somewhat defamed. Although there are one or two cases of other sources of noise being approached or mentioned, the only true attention of our protagonist is car alarms. Car alarms, car alarms, car alarms. There is no other focus. When the movie tries to create other examples of sound pollution to the car alarm problem, it seems to be just thrown to give credit to the action of Robbins' character. <br /> <br /> Yes, we are all upset by the noise. Nobody likes the sound of car alarms. Of course, we all have that inner desire to make a baseball bat for a shouting vehicle, and this film uses this fact, and even that alone, to sell this movie. I say "pretty much," because there is also a sexual relationship (including a completely useless trio), which is obviously thrown out for those filming who need such things to enjoy a movie. Frankly, it's glasses. <br /> <br /> Robbin's character, very short in the movie, becomes completely unrealistic. It seems less that he decides not to face the noise anymore, and more so by concentrating so much on the noise he is beginning to lose from his senses. The first half of the movie is basically the story of how it turns from an angry, frightening guy to this little hero, the Redresor. Yet ... transformation does not take place. He just renames his name. I could go on for a while. Generalized annoying social controversy comes from time to time to add to the pretense of the film, and the self-satisfied astonishment that never leaves Robbins's face does not help. In general, I think it's very obvious what this movie is trying to do, because it's pretty pushed in the throat, but in my opinion it does not succeed in a great way. Just a guy's opinion, cheers.
