Noel Coward, a spiritual and urban man, was a friend of Louis Mountbatten.Mr Coward, a long-standing admirer of all naval things, was commissioned to write a free story based on the loss of the Mountbatten. In a particularly British way, he thought a film about the royal marina losing a meeting at sea would be a good propaganda. It was also considered a good idea for Mr. Coward to play the role of the captain of the ship. Delaying the many qualities required to order a battle ship, speak in a cut voice, and sing sophisticated "point" songs do not go up to the list at Admiralty House, or at least one would not. A captain must win and maintain respect for the salon and the lower deck alike. Mr. Coward might have had the respect of Drury Lane gentlemen, and Binkie Beaumont would have been terrified of him, but his ability to tame, mold and lead a ship's crew during the war has to be called into question. the bridge, patronizing the other rows and barking orders to officers, needed only a silk dress and a cigarette carrier to look at home. Many of them refer to the theme of the "ship of war as the microcosm of British society," and the crew includes mostly the most common boys, the Nordic canaries, and so on. without any war. They spend most of their time on board, about Lord Haw Haw and who has been overthrown. It does not matter, there is more to where they came from. Once they reach the shore, they go directly to the pub where they spend most of their time smoking, groaning about Lord Haw Haw and getting caught. In contrast, Mr. Coward lives in a dream cottage with a rose door somewhere very quiet, with very few chances of being thrown into the air. He, the lady's wife and their two heroes, faceted, speak in terribly complicated tones and say that the lady's wife spends most of her time knitting things for the poor unfortunates who make up the crew to which she refers by family name. This cute young boy, Johnny Mills, has a prominent role as a completely unforgettable type of worshiper who worships Coward in the same way that a cast dog will worship his master. He marries his girlfriend after kissing her cheek, probably because she might be pregnant after such an unusual passion. So yes, we have a microcosm of British society here, but maybe not in the way the producers of "We serve" intends. Finally, Mr. Coward gets a last chance to patronize his people as few survivors mingle around him, "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to sail with you," he says, as if be recited "How do you now brown the cow?" It may have been David Lean's debut, but Noel Coward's hand returns along this picture. He was a funny and intelligent man, better suited to write sorcery games about girls and poor boys and boys interspersed with occasional singing. He had a talent to amuse undoubtedly, but he could neither write nor talk about convincing dialogue. Since Noel Coward was a full-time job, he did not have time to be a true person.
