I am a fan of writer / screenwriter Michael Chabon. His novel "Wonder Boys" has become a fantastic movie by Curtis Hanson. His masterly novel, "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay", won the Pulitzer Prize a few years ago and had a hand in the "Spider Man 2" script, the greatest comic strip ever. <br /> <br /> Rawson's director Marshall Thurber also directed wonderful comedy pieces such as Dodgeball and the Terry Tate: Line Linebacker short series genius. And with a cast, including Peter Saarsgard, Sienna Miller, Nick Nolte and Mena Suvari, this seems to be a non-brainer. Literally. Jon Foster plays the role of Art Bechstein, the son of a mobster (Nolte), who recently graduated from a diploma in economics. Jon is in a state of arrest: he has a minimal salary at Book Barn, has a vapid relationship with his girlfriend / boss, Phlox (Suvari), who represents more than abundant sex, no other plans for to chip to a career for which he has zero passion. One evening at the party, a former roommate introduces Jon to Jane (Miller), a beautiful and intelligent violinist. Later that night, they go out on the pie and ask Jon a question that begins to shake him out of his catatonic state of existence: "I want you to tell me something you never said to a single soul. "Jon then tells him his dreamy dream of wandering in the city, looking at the faces of the aliens who pass through him, but none of them look into his eyes. "I imagine it must be what death feels," he says. The next day, Jane's boyfriend, Cleveland (Saarsgard), kidnaps Jon from work and takes him to an abandoned steel mill, and soon Jon, Cleveland and Jane spend each and every moment of awakening together, going to concerts punk rock, make drugs and drink plenty of alcohol. This does not fit well with Phlox, which pushes Jon for a more personal relationship, namely letting him meet his new friends and father. The film then tries to take us to Jon's journey while he shakes the shackles imposed by his father, Phlox and the dead workplace, while he finds freedom and expression in his dealings with Cleveland and Jane. /> It's a problem to follow Jon in the whole movie: it's totally uninteresting. He has no ambitions, passions or goals. He crosses life like the invisible Wraith described by Jane the night they met. At first it is not a problem. But he never really cares. He is a completely passive character. He simply goes along Cleveland and Jane Bohemian, but never gives us any doubt as to what cares or wants to do with himself. As a result, his film and supporting characters are nowhere to go and do anything but to be part of, to have sex and to get into the arguments. In other words, too much for nothing. What we have here is the superficial skin of a good film with nothing inside. Cinematographic singers, weighted paint with long-distance characters, lots of both straight and homosexual sex scenes, big arguments, more angry sex, a chase scene, and a tragic death ... but it does not seem to matter. Ironically, at one point, Jane, confused about a series of pointless actions by Jon, asks him, "What's going on, Jon?" What is it about? Yeah, Jon, tell her. We, the public, die to know. The title "Mysteries of Pittsburgh" must refer to the characters themselves, because they are. These are all facades, one-dimensional stations for real people. The film never leaves us inside. We never know what makes any of them beat. We see them doing many things, but we do not know why. And the absence of "why" is one of the worst things a movie may have.
