Cecil B. deMille, in 1922, tearjerker Manslaughter in prison, finds the wonderful Leatrice Joy as a good but decadent young woman with more money than she knows what to do. Her worry leads to jail, which in turn leads to her regeneration. Thomas Meighan is the district's lawyer who made a personal crusade to bring out Lydia (Joy) goodness and health, but he is weakened by alcohol, and once released, she has the duty to save him! <br /> <br /> <br /> If the plot does not sound too bad, you will be spoiled by the joyful presentation. The quality of DeMille's direction is very low and does not show any special ability that is unique to him. The photo is standard and paid, and editing is harder and more dynamic. It can easily be classified as a fashion show and fairly accurate. DeMille sleeps on Miss Joy in so many different types of clothes (evening gowns, golf suits, motorbike suits, fur coats) that the subtitle might be "The 1922 Models." A more disappointing thing than photography or editing or direction is the one that acts, which is mostly flat and wood. When it is not, it's just silent routine gestures, rolling balls, eyebrow eyeballs, and deliberate steering and arm movements. What would have been revived for modern viewers by mugging and the scenic relief of some of the worst silent movies is just boring to watch. The only casting member who succeeds in any form of excellence is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful but capable of playing his role naturally. She is persuasive and daring in tears, as long as you do not read the moralizing title book that follows when she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, everyone else is routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. Her performance here makes a good argument for the reason she never touched a real music. The worst and funniest part of this movie is the heavy moralist tone that bears it all. Meighan's character has a lot of intertwining in which he is struggling about how America's youth plummet to his moral position and head for Rome's decadence. (insert flashback absurd) The moralizing of this film has been described as Victorian, but it is more than that. It has so little influence in reality that I have a sense of audience at that time did not take it any more seriously than modern viewers could. This film is exactly what the youngster tends to think of as a "typical" silent film, with archaic moral structure, wood action and poor direction. DeMille shows that he could be a terrible director with no sense of rhythm rhythm, room positioning, or scenario manipulation skills or actors. I can not imagine anyone in the right mind to take it seriously. Boring, slow and idiotic, I recommend it to silent hardcore films like me.
