The idea is that something interesting happens in the first ten minutes to keep the audience up. Late Night Shopping manages to avoid interest in much more than that. When we get to a point, it's so monumental that I thought I must have misunderstood. But I did not. Sean tells the story of an Osaka owner who at the same time has rented the same apartment to the two people who have made various changes and thus have not realized they share. His friend asks: "But what about the weekends?" Sean does not have an adequate explanation. Sean then tells the story of his own similar problem, namely that he is not sure his girlfriend is still living at home when working at night and that he works during the day so that he can never see her again. This happens for three weeks. But his friend does not ask, "Yes, but as I said earlier, what about the weekend, then you have to see it, it does not make sense, what are you doing, Sean?" But be generous and I guess Sean checks if the soap and the towels were used. (In fact, he bizarrely begins to carry the soap around him with him.) But what about his girlfriend's candy, shampoo , sanpro and moisturizer, toothpaste and toothbrush Let's go to the kitchen, what about the food and the drink? Everything is missing? Have they ever been bought? In the bedroom, was the common bed or not? Are her clothes used and changed I want to say good-bye, and to resist everything, Paul arranges to leave early to see if his girlfriend is still alive at home Why is not it? but in the worst case, although he did not tell Vincent anyone where the rest of the group is, he manages to find them. The interest of Lenny's love and Sean's girlfriend seem to be my best friend and also manage to find the group. There is not even the slightest attempt to explain any of these tremendously unlikely coincidences. To be fair, the dialogue is fine, but it is not good enough to offset the bad characters or the disturbing story. I heard one of the interviewed actors and promised not weapons, no drugs, no corsets. I thought, "wonderful." But after half an hour I cried out: "I want guns! I want drugs! I want corsets!" It would not have been too much to sort out these issues but the official website director is proud that the movie was not edited in script format. That's all you need to know.
