An actor asks, "What is my motivation?", To understand his character. After seeing this "docudrama", this vague and haphazard farce, a spectator wonders what one's motivation was. This unpopular descendant of the television during the day (the Oprah show) missed a mile away a great opportunity to explore personal issues. Its characters were superficial and superficial, the story line being much less socially redeemed than a "Simpsons" episode. It represented the investigative police as unprofessional and incompetent. She did not offer why the court could treat the main character, a female mole, so different from what a perp man would have. Why did this unrepentant woman begin to "worry" her second-grade student, starting a business with him when he returned to the sixth grade? Why did the boy's mother confess in her name? The simple answer is overwhelming narcissism, plus rationalization of generations and greed. The film did not give a clue about it. Why was not the viewer informed that the victim's mother sold interview rights to print and television tabloids, parading her adolescent son on "The Today Show"? Mary Kay's lawyer went into her, calling herself the "Son of Sam" status so she could benefit from her crime, selling her the story of the greatest bidder? Why did not he explain that LeTourneau's father was a right-wing Republican congressman, candidate for the American presidency in 1972, president of John Birch? In 1983, John Schmitz's political career ended when he discovered that he had children by his community college, exposed only when this mistress sexually mutilated their newborn son? Still, the father of Letourneau has removed many children from "too liberal" Catholic schools, struggling to prevent all students from receiving sexual education? One month after the conditional release, pregnant again with the 14th year of her second daughter, Mary Kay received 7½ years of imprisonment for numerous trial infractions. A prophetic editorial about the sad business then appeared in the Seattle Times: "At the end of two hours of mischief, LeTourneau was driven to prison, and this blunt melancholy made for television was over, until the casting began." <Very surely, 18 months later, filming this transvestite was underway.
