All day I looked at the dinosaurs and all day had the same fundamental problem. They do not believe in firearms. They just do not seem to have been about them or something like that. Bullets _bounce_ off of dinosaurs! Maybe because they disappeared millions of years before the invention of gunpowder, and the laws of physics have been different since then ... Aah, no. Come on. If they are close enough to act chemically today, they should be vulnerable to rapid lead (even subsonic) projectiles. It's so simple. Look, the toughest reptiles on the planet, alligators and crocodiles, are completely vulnerable to gunfire. I'm nothing magic. You can draw a round pistol to the right by the heavy scales on the back. They do not take bullets or something special. Small bullets penetrate them, just do not kill them. Some (but not REALLY) large bullets are preferred because the challenge (as in most games) is to kill the animal with one shot, so it does not run. (The hunters consider it immoral to allow the prey to flow and die undefeated). Most animals, including prey, are easily rejected by gunfire. Between the noise and the pain of a lethal wound, most will run away. An exception is the big bears, who are so fearless that they are only angry with death wounds. Buffers are considered extremely dangerous because they are well known for loading when injured. I have seen a video about big bulls in a buffalo herd that saves a whole-lean calf calf. A big cat will run if it can but if it can not be loaded as a final act of despair. If a T.Rex would fit in this spectrum is unknown. Their behavior was simply not observed. With these larger animals, safe hunting is a matter of applying a sufficiently large and powerful projectile and / or applying several of them fast enough to resist loading. With a T.Rex, of course, this could be a serious problem. I have seen a T.Rex skull (have one in the center of the museum) and carry a gun large enough to not be practical. Deleting your neck with many smaller shots could be a more viable approach. Small bullets would continue to penetrate them, would not just jump because the animal is too big to kill easily! <br /> <br /> So here we have Cortez and his men (this is before the famous Mexican, apparently) campaign captured by American natives and scheduled for sacrifice on the pyramid. It seems that all of these human sacrifices have been linked to the bloodshed of the T.Rexes pair of blood that terrorized the continent that day. Rather than cutting off his heart and feeding on his lizards, Cortez and the others talk to the Aztecs, allowing them to hunt and kill them. Okay, maybe they do not have the M-16 like the Carnosaur guys, but they have flintlocks, crossbows, sharp sticks (big ones made of trees) and swords. Maybe it's a bit more uneven than the full-car soldiers, but there are more guys and I'd bet them over a dinosaur. Wait, it's a canton, about four inches. This is just the ticket for Tyrannosaurus's skull bust! So they put a trap with a team of men with cannons, with sharp sticks in a hole, and brought the first T.Rex into it, using a beautiful girl as a bait. Cortez points out they will not have time to recharge, so they will have to close the interval until they are sure of their purpose. T.Rex totally ignores their flintlock fire volley, and we see both a crossbow bolt and a cannon ball off_bounce_ off! Forget. The end of credibility. A pin of arbors would have defeated Cortez's armor and a 4 "cannon ball could penetrate into the body of a wooden ship! And that would have passed through the skin, the lumps or the skull of any animal ever to penetrate on this planet, do you think a _whale_ would resist a 4 "cannon ball?) And here's T.Rex, still standing without bleeding. So, Cortez draws him into the river, where he falls on sharp sticks, which (I think by magic) penetrate him and kill him. Yaaay, sharp sticks! <br /> <br /> The dinosaur is not completely invulnerable to gunfire - they can pull a second eye out with a gun. This breaks off, so it's not as bad as a bear or buff, at least in the movies. Kill the second dinosaur with a bomb - made of a gourd full of gunpowder and precious stones. My money would still be on the cannon. The engineering function is to concentrate all the energy of the rifle dust in one direction - towards the target. A bomb is a more diffuse application of force. A _real_ bomb (not a gourd bomb) has a steel casing containing the explosion at an extremely high pressure. (Think: pipe bomb / fireworks). A bunch of gunpowder that ignites will simply go to POOF. (Trust me.)
