I have never seen one of these original SciFi, this was the first one. I think it's right to judge the action, direction / production, design set and even the effects of CGI on other SciFi movies. To compare it with typical Hollywood production is unfair. But I will say that Aztec Rex as a whole did not exactly mention the masterpiece of Werner Herzog Aguirre, Wrath of God. I begin to note that, yes, I admit that this film has more to do with cult culture than with dinosaurs. Despite the fact that it was a sci-fi television film, there is a certain basic context for the story I'm going to examine. The symbolic elements included are quite obvious. Consequently, as a student of history, theology, mythology, and film, I discovered that the scandalous dialogue and the themes of the plots are somewhat insulting. I do not ask my guilty on behalf of the producers - as I said before the film is what it is. But what I'm interested in is that much of the younger demography for this film is probably based on television to give them their lessons when it comes to history and cultural diversity. The main issue is most prominent with the Ayacoatl character (it's not a commentary on Dichen Lachman's performance, but just how her character was written, though, say he has something to do before receiving any Emmy). By its character, the Spanish actions of Europeans are justified. Her role in the film as the interest of Rios' love affirms that European way is the good way, simply because they are Europeans. There really is no other reason given. He even left the premise that the spectator must associate with the Europeans on the Aztec, because clothing, language, ideology, etc. they are better known than the Aztecs - so the Aztecs are described as contradictory and backward. "And it is not simply that the spectator is left to that hypothesis because of ethnocentric perception on the part of the spectators, but it seems the story is trying to convince the spectator - As if the Aztecs would not be able to come up with a plan - if not better - to attract a dinosaur to his death on a bed of spider sticks. Correctly, there is a subset of the Spaniards who are portrayed as robbery temples and simply intends to abuse native Mesoamericans. There is also a scene where the holy Christian man observes the achievements of the Aztec: "They have agriculture, medicine, calendar, etc." - But ultimately, the Aztec Warrior is portrayed as the main antagonist of the film, even over the "thunder lizards" (later on). He was portrayed as a traitor, duplicitous, and trying to expel Romantic Spaniard, drawing him into eating the hallucinogenic mind that alters mushrooms - an important spiritual component for some aspects and religions of native Meso and North Americans that he can to keep the woman she feels she belongs to and away from the Spanish. Now, by analyzing symbolically the true nature of the story (leaving the obvious Christian / pagan themes on the board) - a spectator can easily take these so-called thunder lice to be representatives of Meso-American ideology / theology, which in this film is described as an intention: blood, ruthlessness, cruelty, evil, maybe even evil? In opposition, we have this group of Christian wanderers led by a young Hernando Cortes who is portrayed as a naive but generally noble lamb trapped in the dark world of the Aztecs. Also, the name of the movie is Aztec Rex, which makes them think that it's about dinosaurs to eat people. However, what is done with Aztec Rex is the Aztec king, the head of the Aztec state or, in this case, the "state of health". (So ​​why changed the title of the film). So, in fact, we see the new Aztec king in the end? It's the rest of the Spanish, Rios. Aztec Rex refers to the new European ideology that has overwhelmed, through sickness, bloodshed, war and famine, native Americans. Rios symbolizes the European ideal - as presenters of this film, they would like them to be remembered (in opposition to Cortes, which represents the "practical but still noble European"). But when examining the Holocaust in America, let us be honest: do the symbolic components of the story of this film have it back? <br /> <br /> I have to say that the Aztec Rex is the worst racist, or to be kind, ignorant at best. And yes, I know it's just a movie, though, to be fun, I understand, but in the end do we have the idea that Rios was the father of the last remaining Aztecs? I wonder what native Meso-Americans should think of this end ... as for me, I thought it was a bit too indulgent. The best supporting performance of the movie goes to Ian Ziering's wig - though noticeable - changed at least the appearance of Ziering, so I did not think I was looking at yuppie of 90210 carrying a lot of conquistadors in the heart of darkness. Ziering turns out to be an actor more than capable in this film, actually I bought the show or at least I forgot that it was anyway Ian Ziering. I do not know who his agent is, but he should get more work. In the end, it was also a pleasure to see Jim McGee again. I was a fan over time, alongside his very short performance, in the role of Scrooged in 1988. Alexander Quaresma - DeusExMachina529@aol.com
