Tyrannosaurus Azteca is in the sixteenth century where the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of the best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), intends to claim the land on behalf of the Spaniards stealing some gold if the opportunity arises. In a few minutes they have their first vision of the local Aztecs, a few minutes later, Cortes and his men are captured and detained. If it was not bad enough, it seems that I live a couple of Tyrannosaurus Rex and want to eat locals in an effort to win their Spanish offer to help locals get rid of the monsters problem but with various hidden agendas and hidden motives are not just the dinosaurs they have to take care of ... Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (which coincidentally has made one of my favorite films of all time exploiting Turkey Shoot (1982) on which I have all recommended him and also known as the sound spoof sound of the Aztec Rex (the title was changed by the Sci-Fi Channel when they broadcast it maybe the original title Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it could be a foreign movie ), this is yet another idiotic and inexpensive aspect of the Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' and that's all you really need to know. Based on & around the true Spanish Conquistador Cortes during his expedition In Mexico, the movie certainly does not strive for historical accuracy, although I admit that the story is trying to do something slightly different here, but eventually Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still just a "Creature Feature" with a bunch of people running on the computer graph of a poor monster, despite the setting period. I'm not sure what else to say, despite the fact that they have been set up for centuries ago, ordinary cliques are here, the characters are the usual cardboard cutouts, make stupid and selfish, heroic decisions, the backs, the casual victim that only exists to be eaten and beautiful woman are here and easy to observe. The movie is predictable, silly, boring and does not really have fun at any level, although it is heading at a decent pace and there are one or two decent moments of gore if you are interested in this kind of thing. The story is not so good and has a lot of holes, too, it is also a kind of movie that you forgot completely within a few days. Now I have seen & commented on a lot of Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and usually the effects of the CGI computer are terrible and while Tyrannosaurus Azteca does not really give the trend, I will recognize that there are some effects that look good, but they are usually ruined by absolutely terrible effects shot right afterwards. There are also some decent effects for the gore, there is a cut heart, a leg of a guy is bitten, there are some blood splashes, a cool blow of a guy who kept his own intestines after being attacked by the dinosaur, there are few seen bodies and someone is stabbed with a spear. T-Rex gets to eat and some people. The values ​​of production are really cheap, the Aztec set seems to be one of those attractions of the Styrofoam theme park and those Spanish men must have been locked in the worst premises of cinematic history, with the fence keeping them down to a man, she could just get out of her and run away from her was so low. With an estimated budget of about $ 900,000, I can not see where the money went, shot in O'ahu in Hawaii in apparently fifteen days. The actress is not terrible at all from anyone I've never heard of. Tyrannosaurus Azteca is no better than any other cheat element of Sci-Fi "Creature Feature", despite an almost exciting and unusual look this basic statement should actually be enough to decide whether you will enjoy this or not (probably not).
