EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR, this is not what I expected. This is an Australian film without budget, with no other special effects than the accelerated movie and quick scenes discounts. The extraterrestrial woman (who is immediately able to speak perfectly accented Australian) can "beat" from place to place or from time to time and alter its perception of the flow of time to fit people "faster". An elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters a story told by a wandering man 40 years ago, when she called her "She" came to the naked and stripped planet, the impossibility of recognizes what star in the sky has come ... Meets a man alone camping in the Australian Outback, seemingly amazing about him. She is here by "mistake," and she is upset when she is told to be on Earth. The Earths are known to be environmentalists and a metaphor for the most insulting thing that can be imagined for the rest of the universe: those who "breathe the dirty air" but do nothing about it, sticking their heads under the sand like a stork. In another amusing metaphor, Earthlings are "frogs." From there, there is a film about dialogue, as the perplexed man tries to understand his psychology and points of view, even if he calls it unintelligible and "weird." Man begins to realize that perhaps people are irrational and do not think right. However, while she waits to be "brilliant" back home, she sees that this man is not entirely defective in his thinking and even falls in love with him. Dialogue about perspectives is in interesting places, but everything is stratified with a hard-to-manage environment message and a low budget sense (there are only two main actors who sneak around deserted scenes, and those who dishonor badly on the planet do not are not seen at all). The ecological message does not offer solutions, but it dares one or two direct metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if nothing is done. Logic is also not hanging together: the rest of the universe "has given up" on Earth, yet a space woman caught on the ground by mistake manages to make a positive change by closing the film. What would an alien battalion send here to succeed against pollution and waste?
