This is one of those films in which the British lottery fund loses its money. The main problem is a scenario that does not go anywhere. Characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and insipid, the only thing of interest is the location: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). With only superficial knowledge of Genoa, I had no idea of ​​the complicated alleys of his old town and that the city was so exciting. I thought Genoa was bored. I'm delighted to say that I was wrong. So, in terms of travel, this movie is of interest. The film contains a splendid performance by a little girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has already made seven films, despite being only 12, so she seems to be determined for an actress career and, judging by her performance in this film, she should go away because she is a natural person and has a lot much talent. Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was at hand for filming, and when he was asked to be serious, he was serious, and when he was asked to wander, he was crooked. But someone forgot to give him a valid dialogue. The script is a total shame. Catherine Keener does it exceptionally well in her role of support and sympathy comes naturally for her so everyone would like to have it around (I would like to tell her every time I feel a cold coming, as I know that it will make me a warm hot drink). So we see her: the narrow, fascinating alleys of Genovea, an interesting little girl and a nice woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is so disgusting that the fact that a young actress does a good job of being a repellent is not exactly that tribute she would want to hear, I guess. The idea that this family is going to Genoa to forget the mother's unfortunate death is so cute that if we have such a movie, all dead mothers have the right to complain that they are exploited. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting Genovei's old part is, why did not he come to the BBC and said he wanted to make a travel film with a celebrity-minded presenter? Why spend money on a feature film, which is nothing but a vanity project of idle and inactive?
