I have noticed over the years that when a rock star makes its last album before its death, the album, if not the best, is usually prolific in a way and worthy of listening at least. The album is usually good enough to cherish an inheritance. However, when it comes to comedians, especially comic strips playing in their own vehicles, their final movie is usually horrible God. John Belushi had "neighbors," John Candy had "East Wagon," Chris Farley had "almost heroes," Phil Hartman had "little soldiers," and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. "although it may not have been Dangerfield's last film, is weak in every sense of the word. The film was packed in 2002 under this website and is sure it would have stayed on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive. he was a big fan of Dangerfield since I was in my early teens, and it bothers me to see how rotten that film was. What amazes me most is that a number of other talented people have taken part in a a film with a very poor premise to get started.Dangerfield, a great comedian who has usually played his comic character on the film, is a prison guard who houses a tight group of thieves.When the owner of the prison, Colonel Tom-Parker meets billionaire Sam Rockon, Rand Rock (Randy Quaid), cuts prison funding, the director sends a group of detainees out of prison, consumer goods, and returns to prison with prey. By taking what is in store for comfort, they are (I think), taking what they think they owe Rockwood. With this thin premise, the film sputters and stalls frequently. Moreover, the jokes you think would be saving this movie are not even funny, not even from Mr No Respect himself. It's also incredibly disappointing, because you expect a movie with Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith and others nominated for the Oscar to be a bit funny. Instead, Quaid plays a character I've seen in countless other comedies, Alley plays a British legacy with a terrible British accent (this movie could not afford a real British person!!) And every joke was badly set and badly programmed by almost every member of this ensemble. It was not a good comedy in any sense of the word. "Back to midnight" was rated R mainly for the language (and a nudity scene). The irony in this is that many of the jokes are so insulting to the audience that even children (if you edit the language) will come out of this movie. Physical gangs are also incredibly predictable, especially when Alley's companion monkey suffers the character of Quaid. When the monkey grabs a scissors and jumps on Quaid's couch, who does not know where this gag goes? Being a direct comedy on the video, of course I did not expect Oscar winning material here. The truth is, however, that Dangerfield made some wonderful and old comedies. "Money Easy" and "Back To School" are still hilarious and they were certainly not worth the Oscar. However, there is a difference between making a bad comedy, which is funny, and making a bad comedy. With the latest comedy, it seems that movie makers do not even try, which is exactly what this excuse for a 90-minute loss. Stay in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to the forgotten comedy group, such as "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This movie, dare to say it, is not even worth seeing.
