I am uncertain what to do from this disappointed 2007 dramedy. Trying to be a new cross-millennium hybrid between On Golden Pond and Prince Tides, the film ends with an irregular mess, changing so mercifully between comedy and melodrama that the emotional pitch always seems off. The main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between Garry Marshall's sentimental direction and Mark Andrus's dark, confusing scenario. The story focuses on the relationship between Mother Lilly and daughter Rachel, who drove all the way from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where Grandma lives Georgia. The idea is for Lilly to leave Rachel for the summer, under the Georgian jurisdiction of the tasmanasters, full of draconian rules, since the 17-year-old has become an incorrigible hellon. The setting is pretty clear, but the characters are made to change quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and strident to fit contrived outlines of the story. It happens accidentally through problems related to alcoholism, child molestation and dysfunctional families until they solve it. The three actresses in the center redeem some dramatic convulsions, but to varying degrees. Perhaps due to her off-screen reputation and the voice of the smoker, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's promiscuity and palpable manipulative tactics, though it becomes less credible, while her character reveals the psychological wounds that give rise to her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly on two strident notes - like a petulant, resentful daughter to a mother who has never approached her and an angry, alcoholic mother who begins to recognize her own responsibility of his daughter's spirit. She does what she can with her role on both fronts, but her efforts never add to a human being of flesh and blood. Nearly seventy years old, Jane Fonda looks great, beaten like she is here, and has the star presence to get rid of the size of the frightening Georgian cartoon. The problem I have with Fonda's distribution is that the legendary actress deserves much more than a series of unique poems and mothers. Between this and the 2005 Monster-in-Law, a question arises as to whether the best thing is behind it. It should not be a surprise that male actress counterparts are completely shaded. Garrett Hedlund seems a little bit surfer-like Harlan naive, a devoted Mormon, whose sudden love for Rachel could postpone his two-year missionary season. Cary Elwes plays in a suspect note, known as Lilly's husband, an unfortunate case in which the predictable casting seems to telegrap the end of the movie. There is also the ubiquitous Dermot Mulroney in the triple-play morose tribulation of the wounded widow, Lilly's former flame and Rachel's new boss, as veterinarian Dr. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf has a hardly assisted role with Simon's sister, Paula, while director Marcus Hawthorne Hector Elizondo and Paul William Williams appear in camouflage. Some of Andrus's dialogues are very terrible, and the seriocomic tone that is spinning is never solved in what suits. There are a few small extras with the DVD in 2007, not too interesting. Marshall offers a piece of commentary that has a lot of laconic humor of its brand. There are several erased scenes, including three end variants and a gag roll. There are a series of seven-minute features, as well as the original theatrical trailer, a short six minutes that reflects the three actresses and a tribute to Marshall for five minutes.
