Rule Georgia must be one of - if not the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. The whole movie has a very surreal feeling that made me surprise, "what?" loudly, at least 7-10 times throughout the two-hour race. Published in the trailer as a film about three generations of women - Jane Fonda as a matriarch, Felicity Huffman as her daughter and Lindsay Lohan, as the old rebellious, over-sexed daughter dressed in a spark, the spectator thinks it will be a cliché light, envy, to grow up and to unite as a family. advertising the worst. After many animal pictures that make things "fun" in the background of "pivot" scenes and not to mention a whole five minutes focusing on an old lady who enters a doctor's office a week to change his diaper about the fact that this film is about Lindsay Lohan's character sexually abused by her father, Georgia Rule creates her own genre: inappropriate, horrible, inappropriate comedy, dealing with extremely serious, strange, surreal, strange way. If Garry Marshall wanted this movie to be a drama / comedy, then he should have seen The Royal Tenenbaums. Side. Junebug. And so on. And so on. The only way I feel that the reader can understand the horrible nature that the Georgia rule regulates is to create a hypothetical situation. You say the movie, 40-year-old Virgo, was the main character being celibate because she was sexually sexually molested. But instead of having a more dramatic movie, they will laugh at the belly and comedy, with all the reactions of the characters being those of fake, lifeless people who pretend to care. <br /> <br /> Throw into a yellow parakeet, Dermot Mulroney as the most full, the most non-dimensional character that could have been completely cut off from this badly written script, next to a male character who throws all religions his beliefs and morals to be with a little girl who does not have the same interests as he, as well as an unnecessary scene of pursuing cars, unreal moments of characters trying to relate to each other and Georgia Rule. I found this film as an insult to any of those people who are fighting with actors, screenwriters, actors, publishers, etc. who have many more talents and do not get noticed. <br /> <br /> You do not see this movie: my rule. <br /> <br /> And if you have to, drink drunk enough before hand.
