Zombie revolt begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General George Duvel (George Cleveland) that his partner, Tsiang (William Crowell), is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and control them by turning them in mindless zombies (a bit like the people I really work with). Anyway, Tsiang is killed by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but he fails to gain the knowledge to turn people into zombies. An expedition was set up by General Duval to hunt the secret because Tsiang will not tell them anymore. General Duval runs the expedition with his daughter, Claire (Dorothy Stone), who is engaged to Louque, who also comes. During the expedition, Claire made Louk's boxes for his colleague, Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), to whom Louque is not too pleased. In a way that could happen in a movie, Louque finds the secret of turning people into zombies by themselves and begins to use the new power found to avenge Claire & Clifford ... Co-written and directed by Victor Halperin The Zombies Revolt has a bad reputation and after seeing it I can understand why. Halperin's scenario, Howard Higgin & Rollo Lloyd has a good central idea, but dead cold stone is killed by being boring and as interesting as seeing the dry paint. Nothing happens in the old days, and then nothing happens afterwards. As Halperin describes his zombies is different from what most modern audiences consider to be a zombie, these zombies are just people who brainwashed, and the audience should wait over thirty years before George A.Romero defines what zombie is now thought of on the Night of the Living Dead (1968). Just about an hour in length, the Zombie Revolt still feels too long. From a technical point of view, the movie is OK, given that it was done 70 years ago, black and white cinema is appropriate, although some of the scenes look as though they were shot against a photo of the background location. The act is wooden and largely unimpressive. The Zombie rebellion could have been hot in 1936, but it did not work well and in 2005 it is an absolute task to stay. I think the movie is now the public domain because it's found on a lot of cheap DVD compilations and budget labels, but it's not worth watching, no matter how cheap you can get.
