This is not a zombie movie, if we define zombies as the dead. Here, the protagonist, Armand Louque (played by an incredibly young Dean Jagger) acquires control over a method of creating zombies, though in fact his "method" is to mentally design his thoughts and control the minds of others living people turning them into hypnotized slaves. This is an interesting concept for a movie, and was made much more effective by Fritz Lang in his "Dr. Mabuse" series, including "Dr. Mabuse Gambler" (1922) and "Dr. Mabuse's Testament" (1933 ). Here, unfortunately, he is subordinated to his attempt to regain the love of his former fiancee, Claire Duvall (interpreted by Anne Heche as an inappropriate hairdo, Dorothy Stone), which is really the main theme. <br /> <br /> The film has an exciting start, as Louque is sent to a military archaeological expedition in Cambodia to end the cult of zombies that have come from there. On a type of composite (where we have sets and clothes for 30 years) announces his commitment to Claire and only five minutes later he returns the ring, telling him the love for his friend, Clifford Greyson (Robert Noland). It is unintentionally funny how one speaks to each other without visual contact. This would have been a great movie for "Mystery Science Theater 3000" if it had not already fried it. He never showed how Louque learns the secret of "zombification," but uses him to kill his enemies, to create a huge army of rifle that leads soldiers and bodyguards. We will not see such a great force of will until John Agar in "Brain From Planet Arous" (1957). Eventually, Claire agrees to marry him if he leaves Greyson to live and return to America. Louque agrees, but actually turns him into one of his hypnotized slaves. On the wedding night, she realizes that Claire will only begin to love him if he renounces his "powers." In order to win his love, he does it, provoking the "rebellion" of the title, in which all his slaves wake up and attack him and kill him. Greyson embraces Claire, and we are at the end of a bracket: "Which the gods would destroy it, they first get angry." So, indeed, it's not so bad about a movie, despite the low IMDb rating it currently has. On repeated views (?) You can see the artist in the well-formatted script! Dean Jagger had to develop into a good actor and is almost unrecognizable in his youth - is he really his own hair? We remember him more for his old, old roles in "White Christmas" (1954), "The Unknown" (1956) and "King Creole" (1958). The story borrows more of the basic themes of the Halperin brothers, the earlier film "White Zombie" (1932) in which Robert Frazier (as Charles Beaumont) uses his zombie to win Madge Bellamy's love (Madeline Parker). If you want real zombie movies (of which there are hundreds!), We start with "White Zombie" (1932), "King of the Zombies" (1941), "I went with a zombie" (1943), "Night of the Living Dead" 1968), "The Last Man on Earth" (1964) and his two remakes. In the modern era of classical films, there are "Horror Express" (1972), "The Serpent and the Rainbow" (1988), "28 Days Later" (2002) and its sequel, as well as many other things to mention. <br /> <br /> This is not a zombie movie. Judging this movie in its terms, it is more of a semi-gothic story. As such, he is just below some of the horror films B at the end of the 1930s and early 1940s. So I'll give her 5.
