Well, first, if you check out the zombie revolt as a Night of the Living Dead movie (1968), look. These are "zombies" in a more psychological sense, where this term only denotes someone who does not control their will, but who has to follow another's will. The "Zombies" here, as few as they are in the film, are largely metaphors for subordinating state or authority in general, as well as during the war. It's pretty hard to call this horror movie. The film is set during the First World War. A "Cambodian French" contingent has heard strange stories about zombies - it is supposed that Angkor Wat was built using zombies - and there are stories of zombie armies to overcome enemies. Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) brings back a priest who is supposed to know the secret of the zombie, but he will not speak. So, Louque and an international military contingent head at Angkor Wat on an archaeological expedition to uncover the zombie secret and destroy information before the zombies have the chance to "destroy the white race." strange things about the zombie revolt is that it seems that writer / director Victor Halperin may decide to change his game plan while filming the script. The film begins as if exploring the zombie / military metaphor and may even have adventure elements, but after about 15 minutes it changes speed and becomes more of a triangle story of love. with a subtext of will and power (and a "will" at Nietzsche). The movie is interesting at this level, but the script and editing are very puzzled. This is still an older movie for which I would not be surprised if there are no pictures, especially as some scenes even blush or cut while a character speaks the dialogue. In the midst of the romantic story, Halperin tries to keep the reference to the zombie thread, but little of the zombie material makes much sense. Louque discovers the zombie secret, but it does not mean much to the viewer. The mechanics of zombie material is vague and confused? Halperin even resorts to the use of Bela Lugosi's overlaid eyes in his 1932 White Zombie film, but never explains what it is all about. There are big loopholes in the plot, including the love story. Promising, exciting early role characters disappear for long periods of time. A wicked potential is eliminated without any resonance before he can do much. If you are a big fan of the old, horrible B films, zombie revolt may be worth watching at least once - it's not that bad, and if you have a good imagination, you can show an interesting story in your mind to fill all the gaps. But this is the second time I saw the movie, the first time only five years ago, and I could not remember anything about it - so it's not even memorable.
