The "Zombie Revolt" proves that, having the same director of reviewing and recycling an idea, it does not necessarily do a lightning strike twice. The Halperin brothers, responsible for the classic horror "White Zombie," made this strange garbage just a few years later to regain popularity and even recycle close to Lugosi's eyes in the previous movie. There was a battle in court with the owners of "White Zombie" film rights, who did not want Halperins to use the word "zombie" in this title. This word was the only thing that helped this movie, because, as everyone knows, bad movies can do much more money just by saying the word "Zombie" in the title. Knowing what Victor Halperin was capable of a few years ago makes this uninteresting film more insulting. It seems he never directed another horror movie after this disaster. Zombies do not seem to be true dead thanks, but simply victims of hypnotism. Want to create an army of mind-controlled zombies? Be prepared to break some eggs, including yours. LAM PLAN: Man falls in love with the woman who plays with her heart and becomes engaged to him only to make her girlfriend, whom she loves, jealous. It sends man into a spiral of madness in which he tries to use zombie mind control techniques to change things to his advantage in an attempt to win over a woman who does not deserve spitting. of the most obvious obvious plot developments I've ever seen. You should be blind or stupid not to see the coming coming. The act is not really good. This film makes the racially insensitive "King of the Zombies" (which appeared on the same DVD that we bought) seems like a horror storybook by comparison and reminds us that not every black and white film is classic. It makes atomic age sci-fi extraterrestrial dowry fest "Invasive Invaders" seem to be a serious drama. This is a big ball of cheese so ridiculous that melodramatic could probably make many Korean film films (South Korea's films are often known for using the melodrama). Credits list your favorite movie company with the ironic name. I'm not sure the favorite movie would be this, but I'm obviously an idiot. Not recommended for fans: zombies, romance or classic movies.
