Although the title includes the word "zombie," this film is not what you would expect from a movie made today, although for 1936 the concept is played as well as it would be. Dean Jagger portrays Armand Louque, an officer in the French Army of World War I, who has come across an ancient story of soldiers turned into automats or "zombies," who are imperfect in battle and who can hold the key to victory in the war although it has no certainty . At first, he has trouble persuading his superiors of this phenomenon, but eventually French general Duval (George Cleveland) orders a non-military expedition to the ancient city of Cambodia in Angkor to find the secret of the zombies and destroy it. The story unfolds amid a love triangle involving Louque, Duval's daughter, Claire (Dorothy Stone), and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) part of the expedition. When Louque complains about the lack of strength and resolution, Grayson gives him advice to go after what he wants alive with all his might. This advice starts turning Louque, especially after he manages to get a stone tablet that resembles a photo of the ancient city. After a temple priest in a swamp, Louque seems to keep the secret he is looking for, although it has not been clarified how he instantly managed to command the power of "zombie". All you need to do is put your right fist on your forehead by simulating a third eye and throwing the thoughts of those you want to control. This comes in handy to win back his girlfriend and to take Grayson's early advice as he comments to his servant: "Hello, we learn to be ruthless." Fans of early horror filming "B" will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's vision of the eyes, taken from the 1932 White Zombie, also from director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, "White Zombie" is preferably superior to both the story's content and the description of the undead, where the zombies are more sinister and more threatening. In Revolt, zombies are enemy soldiers with a brilliant look that only react to their mentor's orders. In fact, the real revolt of the title occurs only when Louque releases the soldiers of his mental command, to the detriment of his love for Claire; they go beyond its compound and kill it in this process. Not to be too harsh on the film, she plays decently in her story sketch parameters, but if you think "zombies!" In the traditional context, you'll probably be disappointed. "If you want to examine an early treatment of the subject, White Zombie "with Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
