"This could mean the end of the white race!" a general like a dozen native zombies wandering around the battlefields of Europe during the Great War. An expedition heads to the long-lost Kennif-Angor town, designed backwards, to stop it and to keep the battlefields clear for honest and honest white men to sacrifice themselves with tens of thousands. /> It's a little hard to tell when people are zombies or not in this movie because the action is so woody. Even until 1936, acting in this film is bad. From the last decade. It seems that it came out of a school correspondence book on "How to act" ------------- Chapter Three: Emotions ------- ----- ---- How to express your fear and indifference (Woman) Put your fists Put your fist with a hand on your heart Open your mouth to shout Put another fist to last more than 10 seconds than it is comfortable then quickly turn your head 90 degrees away from the object's direction and the wound. "" How to have a difficult task, emotionally loaded with ex-fiancé explaining your love for someone else DO NOT make a visual contact Do not move Do not show emotions Do not move your eyes too much when reading your lines on the studio wall. <br /> <br /> In order to give us a lead from the act of lead, the director lashes with long pussies in which nothing else happens, except that the movie continues to run through the projectors. Thus, the 35-minute story is divided into 60 minutes. The revolt of the zombies when it comes is so slow! Unleashing the mental bondage, the armies of some zombie minions turn their ex-master, slowly climbing up the hill, and then stabbing a door and destroying a window. - Yeah, let's ... - Yeah, well, let's get it ... Frankenstein must be destroyed - mana. (although I just found a bit of hidden symbolism.) Jagger is shot by a native as a kind of ironic counterpoint to all the natives who are shot by the Germans at the beginning of filming. the end of the White Race!) Chase (which you can call this) through the swamp designed in the back is hilarious and deserves the admission price alone. Roy D'Arcy has a nice time, but he's completely wasted, like Col. Mazovia. There is an interesting moment in this movie. A beautiful assemblage of zombie locals and white members who fall under the spell of evil eyes. the girl after the girl sneaks into each other. It works, although there is a strange little clash in the middle of each side as a cut frame. I think these must be Neg Cutters' frames between fades. Best seen with friends and in a bad state.
