Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May, the same guy who made the first Darkman sequel. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2, and it's nothing special, in my opinion. Larry Drake is no longer a main villain, who is now played by the great Jeff Fahey, whose character again wishes to get Darkman's work and to create ultra-strong people this time to get the city's leadership. The film is quite similar in plot and execution as Darkman 2, but we were most irritated by the presence of many scenes from Darkman 2. These sequels were made in a short time and with little money, so these decisions had to be made. Several scenes are pretty stylish and outdated, but still this film is quite tired and often irritatingly stupid. The characters scream and laugh too much and it is very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the movie, and this is like a remake of Darkman 2, which still can not be equal. Darkman 2 had many extraordinary scenes and stylish camera work, and Larry Drake's ability to play a great negative character. Darkman 3 offers just a few scenes and beautiful moments, but especially this movie is tired and full of cliques. Some positive things in this movie are flashback edits (Westlake's nightmares) and some really unexpected changes and tricks. And it is worth mentioning is also quite ugly death scene of the main villain, which was quite comic book as inventive, without any gore. It's more interesting than the death of the main villains in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst of the series and we have to remember that these two sequels were made directly on the video and did not come close to Raimi's original Darkman with Liam Neeson . Darkman 2 was an actionist with a lot of scenes and suspense, but the last (?) Entrance is tired and often bad and boring. It has some merits, as mentioned, but the general feeling is that this should not be done first. May is a talented director, so hopefully he can get other projects worth taking care of. <br /> <br /> 3/10
