In the first 17 minutes of director Darkman III: Die Darkman Die, director Bradford May, I have already been subjected to a silly and vocal recapitulation on the first two films, harassing over action, about three minutes of filming the second film and re-edited slightly to look like a new recording, and a long-lasting advertisement of the shattered and tormented title looked at Universal Theme Parks - Universal, the company that distributed the movie. Yes, "Darkman III: Die Darkman Die" is quite a punch when it comes to cheap cash for the success of a previous movie. This time, the anti-hero disfigured Peyton Westlake (aka "Darkman," performed by actor Mummy Arnold Vosloo) hides his horns with the bad-guy killer and poor fool Peter Rooker (played in great performance by Jeff Fahey) the morning movie grows to develop a affection for Rooker's wife and daughter, learning again to take care of another person. Blah. Blah. This movie is basically a bad way for the studio to make more money from Sam Raimi's original film, which I consider to be an action movie with great suspense. <br /> </ p> <p> Oh, yes, and there are also a number of silly sub-parcels, including one who is supposed to be one of the original doctors to save Darkman after his healing, and our hero's seduction think he's allied before revealing his angry plot to help Rooker create more super-human fighters like Darkman. Apparently, she can not do the same procedure on the criminals she played Darkman. Why? I can not really explain, because the film is definitely not. There is also a sub-assassination plot involving an Attourney district that threatens to bring Rooker's organization and other very stupid things going on. But it does not really add up. This movie feels like two or three episodes of a television show edited together more than a real movie. Direction alternates between pretty good and really unpleasant (a scene where Darkman is heading for his train vehicle and escaping a rocket launcher is simply stupid), and editing is a mixed bag. The movie moves too fast for someone to take care of what's going on. And without losing it, the last 15 minutes of this movie, and indeed, the whole series is just about ... I do not know ... 15 minutes of mixed-image images. In fact, commenting on editing, one of my favorite things in this movie is watching the re-use of videos from previous movies and then looking for images in this movie that is repeated many times. Yes, it's so cheap. It's one thing to do a re-head at the beginning of the movie, and it can repeat a chance or two, but in the absolute volume they make (a few minutes of the material from the previous films), it's just unclear and amateur. /> <br /> I also have to say that Darkman's psychedelic frenzy is slightly overtaken in this movie. They are so stylized and exaggerated that they work, but only in light doses and in an appropriate context, as Raimi did in the original film. Here, there are at least four or five, and they feel very steep and out of place. After being told, the film is not lacking in some good points. Several action scenes are well done. Darkman's sneaky storyline that wants a real life works well for a direct feature on DVD. Some of the actors are cute, especially from Rooker's wife portrayed by beautiful Roxann Dawson. Also, while Danny Elfman, composer Randy Miller, composes some pleasant music based on Elfman's original themes. But overall, the movie is too fast, cheap and stupid to get taken seriously. Arnold Vosloo seems, alternately, bored and exuberant from scene to stage, and Fahey, while a joy to look like a superior villain, does not fit enough with the series. Like "Darkman II," I would recommend this to the original fans who will definitely get a laugh. Otherwise, you do not have to apply. Four out of ten.
