I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a big action action of Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme to a certain extent. He had a few big moments in his career, but he also made some lean choices and this is certainly one of them, though later in his career. The strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I honestly think they seriously believed they were making a provocative and serious thriller? It shows how I describe it on IMDb, on DVD, in comments, and this movie is not serious. To call the field would be a huge underestimation. The film tries to be complex and intelligent when it is nothing more than superficial, confusing and free. In addition, they have Lundgren, known for action movies, in an attempt to play a serious role, which makes him even more crowded because his actor is quite limited. The whole movie revolves around the world of pissing sex and still tries to make it a serious thriller? Only the plot and the premise turn it into a B-Movie porn at the very best. Dolph Lundgren plays the role of a former cop and third alcoholic Matt Sorenson, who decides to play Detective when his brother is killed. I mean to put aside the many plot holes that let Lundgren freely investigate murder scenes and witnesses and everything else, even if he's no longer a policeman, and you still have a strange and fairly lacking performance polishing from Lundgren. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's ultimate interest and his brother's widow. Brett plays his role pretty well, given the story of the script and the camp. The support is very high and no one stands out in terms of performance, unless it is in the negative, such as the absolutely horrible performance of Victor Pedtrchenko, which seems to go with a few different names in the film, has a awful accent and is really terrible the villain. I have sincerely tried to get into the mystery and film and look closely, but there was no reason why it was a lot of ridiculous plot and free sex games, including an absolutely ridiculous hilarious scene where Lundgren goes undercover and is wrapped with its head down almost empty. To explain how honest and well done this movie is (sarcasm ... sarcasm), the back of the DVD I took (it was very cheap) has the character of Lundgren listed as "Murray Wilson" not the name of his character in the movie.) While Lundgren manages to be usually watched, the film collapses on his face, trying to be serious. Given that director Anthony Hickox is infamous for B-Movie Horror, it only makes sense if I think he's trying to be serious. Lundgren fans of the basic worship will have to see ... no one else should ... certainly for any kind of mystery or suspense. 3/10
