I can not understand why so many Godzilla fans think he is excellent, being one of the best Godzilla movies in fact. This movie is horrible and one of the few Gojira movies I can not look at again (the other is G. vs. Megalon). The land is too camouflaged to be in the Heisei series, a series that tried to turn the age-old Godzilla franchise into bonafide action films, revolving around ideas that seemed more in force in 1974 than in 1991. It was ridiculous, especially with some of the subjects, for example the WW2 scene, with Japanese soldiers praising Godzillasaurus the heir, a sad and serious tone, to take the former exuberant commander and become a capitalist and his death, he sees himself seriously in a movie on which fans denote him in a way like a laugh, like a nasty story with guilty illogical fun. easily one of the most inspired movies I've seen, but I think it's more than the talent the filmmakers have missed, and it was a case of face-to-face action film. It has become worse that the special effects are terrible in comparison, from tokens to android, to the hokey sound effects emitted, the inability to take anything seriously, but still the movie awaits you, neither some kind of nudges on the camera. Like almost all Godzilla movies, there is a useless romance, and this is no exception, although it can be said that it is especially useless and inexplicable. There is literally no reason presented for romance, but just happens and there live makes 360 degree commitments for her. Besides, another terrible aspect of this film is the dialogue, both Japanese and English, is horrible, weird and possibly inspiration for Battlefield Earth. The Tristar DVD composes the problems, making everything look granular, blurry, blurry and simply ugly, the same thing was for the sound. I first saw the Japanese version of region 2 and the differences are night and day, the original vibrant colors and texture, the notable score, the battle scenes in particular, are actually tracked. In my opinion, the Heisei Series is a disappointment, except Godzilla 1984 (Japanese version) is not too much praise here, and Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah is the case in this failure. They do not even get close to the reputation and the fans. <br /> <br /> 2 of 10
