This is one of those movies where people continue to say, "It's a great idea!" about the most serious ideas you've ever heard. Then they act on them. I like. This picture is more fun than any other dozen Seth Rogen projects. Well, and SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojira's films have channeled their own home stories since the 1960s, but this goes on. What can you say about a culture willing to rape their own sacred cultural icons for a quick dollar? This transvestite presents a suicide brigade from WW2 on the "last Marshall Island," which presents weapons to a dinosaur who chased American sailors. Then the Japanese decide inexplicably not to fight the last man and instead to abandon the territory annexed in their name by this huge lizard. They retreat to the continent, where one of them becomes a business tycoon. Then it becomes complicated. The blonde men of the future, irritable because they do not yet heal male pattern bald, come back in time in a kind of flying saucer to ask a failed writer and a celebrity psychic for their help in removing Godzilla before destroying Japan. "Help" is questionable, as all these citizens return in 1944 to watch some closed-circuit televisions in 1992, but hey shot the script. You would think that in the 1990s, the Japanese would know better than trust people in spacecraft. Fortunately for Nippon, white boys - you can say they are Americans because they say "nucyaler" - have been wrong by bringing back in time a Japanese girl left in the future. In a delicate worship of ancestors, she removes her duplicity after dressing a flying suit made from tubing caught on a Sailor Moon backpack. It seems that these time-traveled monks, typically Caucasians with disabilities, are just jealous of the immediate takeover of the Japanese imperial empire of the known world (in the 22nd century, Japan will buy Africa, which sounds more like a debt than a good). These blonde in chinned costumes lined with unfulfilled belts and redundant zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, which will destroy all Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho was known to get out of his way for not having to build that horizon in Tokyo again. Sure enough, we are offered the alternate spectacle of Fukuoka (my "Garden City") and several other metropolitan areas without monsters that have not been destroyed so far, being wiped out by a gold metalflake flying over 1/3 of hydra. In a surprising revelation, we are informed that King Ghidorah was created from some hand dolls left too long in the microwave. Godzilla is also part of the demolition as the movie revolves. Wait - did not the godzilla's blonde ship already destroy? Yeah, they killed him in the third drum. But no one expected the Japanese in 1992 to have a secret submarine full of nuclear missiles - "Ha ha, do not worry, we do not keep it in Japanese waters" - with which to start a new godzilla from the bones of an old dinosaur . They just do not have to, because an ancient nuclear shipwreck that has been leaked has already made Godzilla whole again. Oh, and Godzilla finally arrives in Tokyo, reuniting with his old army friend in an unimaginable moment of tear recognition. Looking at each other, Godzilla nodded as if to say, "You have to do it, man. The magician nods in understanding. Then Godzilla threw him into the air. I should also mention here that in order to prevent Godzilla's angry self from fulfilling his destiny and destroying Japan, a Japanese girl from the future goes back to the future for help - yes - a white balding man. Probably because he considers him the only Asian character in the 23rd century, he agrees to build a Mecha-Guide and send it back in the 1990s, so together, these two giant monsters can fulfill Godzilla's destiny and destroy Japan. In a wonderful sign for those self-waving whippers, the girl who pilots Mecha-Ghidora has trouble controlling the joystick. This Godzilla costume design owes much to Sumo - its hips are bent enough to double for Rush Limbaugh, and the belly and chest are thick and heavy. But there is a more explosive masonry in this picture than in most of its adventures, which makes much of it. He also has a man with a passing resemblance to Robert Patrick playing a killer robot. Yeah, in the future, even the robots will have bare spots. Plus Megumi Odaka, resuming her role as Micki, the only Japanese girl ever to have ears bigger than her Disney name and an even greater acting style than that. It's not her fault: many Japanese directors seem to feel that a screen of seventy feet is not big enough to display the emotion of a human face. I did some action for Japanese television and I can tell you I'm pushing you to go to him. Apparently, he urges their writers the same way. Thank God.
