The premise for the Second Circle is intriguing. A forbidden love between painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a fifteen-year-old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable in the light of society standards. The Circle Two problem, however, is that he fails to live up to his promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley would have had to think more about the script. When I looked at this movie, I expected to find out something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I had a boring dialogue, an unnecessary lecture about art, excursions in which Sarah seemed to have more fun with Ashleigh, and a so close closure scene that her emotional impact was lost. This script makes good actors look bad. So, we can imagine how the problems of the film have been amplified even more with the amateur distribution that Jules Dassin has gathered. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. I did not think for a second that her character, Sarah, was in love with Ashleigh. Her performance seemed superficial, as a competitor to a beauty contest. It was as if she were happy when the script asked her to be happy and to be sad when the script asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked with her was at the end, when she said nothing. That was probably Tatum's closest Sarah Norton, which became real. But Tatum was not the only one to blame. Richard Burton's Ashleigh had no charm, charisma, and complexity to attract even women of his age, much less fifteen years old. The rest of the distribution was also dull. Even their arguments were not convincing, as they waited to return. What does that do? Michael Wincott, the former jealous lover Pavel, was probably the best thing in this movie, but his role was small. To be fair to the actors, Dassin's direction left him all; but it's also true that a great movie goes beyond the scenario. Kubrick's Lolita did this with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovsky's Runaway Train went beyond the scenario, with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts playing condemned. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them. In spite of his own score (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), the Circle of Two never succeeds in doing so. In conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an old painter and a teenage girl is a good one, but her execution in Circle Two is terrible. In many ways, is it a shame that a controversial story like Lolita? which most film directors for intelligible reasons would prefer to avoid? have not received smarter treatment; that a scenario that actors would have repeated with joy was not written; that the actors who engaged in their role or had the talent to make their real characters could not be found; and that director Jules Dassin (who did much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) did not have to put his foot down and say, "Before making any shooting, we have to rethink the love story and resume the script "The only silver lining is that someday an intelligent film about a bigger painter and a teenage girl who falls in love can be done someday. If such a movie ever appears, it will surely be a spark of controversy, debate and questions for many years to come.
