It's hard to describe this movie and someone wants to try hard not to reject it too fast because you have the feeling that it could be just the perfect movie for a 12 year old girl ... <br /> <br /> The movie has a beautiful concept - the modern version of the Sleeping Beauty with a twist. She has some pretty dreamy photos and some beautiful sketches of the youth relationship with her single mother and colleague ... a beautiful start that you could say, but then it became a bit greedy, very greedy, trying to either a science fiction, a drama, a thriller, a possible romantic love story, a fairy tale, a comedy and everything under the sun. The result left the audience feeling quite inadequate. For example, the scenario where a girl (played by Risa Goto), finally awakened by his kiss (Yuki Kohara) instead of being romantic, tries to be scary to make us laugh afterwards ... it's a cheap trick, because it destroys all the anticipations and emotions he was trying to build for the best half of the movie. I have not read the original story on which the film is based (it is the work well known by comic artist Osamu Tezuka is renowned for his intriguing and complicated stories) I wonder if all the problems exist in the original story or appeared in adaptation? It is quite illogical even for someone who is accustomed to the "bold logic" of that Japanese comic book. For example, how did Yuki Kohara's character reach the hospital in a moment (when it is supposed to be a long bus journey) to escape the character of Risa Goto in front of the television cameras right after seeing the interview live television? There are also some scenes that are directly copied (very unkreative!) From other movies and all seem rather useless annoying for example. the famous "Leo's mouth has brought out the hand" scene from the "Roman Holiday" The film tries to be everything but ends up being nothing ... fails to be a fairy tale and it did not have enough jokes to be a comedy. .. and strange are scenes that even seem to be an unintentional "ghost" movie. However, you have to give him credit that he has managed to capture some of the Japanese teenager's feeling. Watching this movie, I have the feeling that there might be some movies that should have come with a warning label saying that "this movie could only be suitable for a person under 18," would certainly have been on the poster of this film
