This is the question you have to ask when watching this movie: "What was the point?" This movie was nothing but an hour and a half confusion with completely undefined people (they will not use the word actors) and a scenario you could say that does not exist. One of the things that made me laugh the most about this movie was the way she said "The Victorian Story written by," which means there was, in fact, a script on this part of the story. The whole Victorian section had no dialogue, and it was just composed of photographs of a guy who looked at a girl and vice versa. Make that part of the movie as it is scripted as a left-hand camera at a train station. OK, time for the story. It starts with a guy sitting in a chair when he gets out of it. Locking Oh, who needs you? These news people come to his house and basically ask him to tell this story about these dead girls. So the story begins in Victorian times. and here's how the scene goes (Guy and the girl is in a field, the music pretty starts to play) (the girl looks at the girl) (the girl looks at the guy) (the girl looks at the girl), reduced to the movie. That's about what's going on for about half of the movie. The rest of the movie is an incredibly strange dialogue about a bunch of models who want to buy an apartment. So this real estate agent shows them one, and when they say the dialogue is weird, I mean, if he were a dancer, he would have traveled during MACARENA. None of the characters in this movie is nice. The models are incredibly irritating, the Victorian people are not talking, and the guy telling the story has the personality of an onion bag. Finally, all the girls are killed. and by killing, I mean the drug on the screen. ooh. did you show one death? and by death I mean I was holding my face until they put the blood makeup? wonderful. How well she knows this story is defaming me. He says it's because he saw her. But how? there was no guy in that apartment! the door was closed closed without any exits, the windows were attached to a fire that was too rotten to work, how did HELL see all this? Oh, the plot holes. we love you. So, the movie ends up with the new friend, saying "I think you've managed to waste your time," despite asking him for the first interview. Regardless. This movie was stupid, useless and it made no sense with many plot holes. I could go on about this movie, but I do not see the need. It would make me more time to do something useful. Like something. "Hell's Threshold" also belongs in purgatory with 2 great models. of 10.
