A group of models is looking for an apartment in which to live and are presented by a local real estate agent. Unknown to the model and agent, however, is that the "threshold of hell" is in the apartment, and when crossed, the demon "Dethman" is called to kill all in his path. The story is told by Sam Bishop, a journalist accused of murder. Although I'm a low-budget, microbudget, independent film champion, I can not boast this movie. Creators boast their 24-hour program and at least one actor boasts the DVD with its acting power, but I can not wrap my head around this. Why make a movie in 24 hours if an extra or two hours of editing would make the difference? And why do you take pride in an action that is poor, meaningless and leads to the poor delivery of a thousand lines? Through much of the movie, the models are shown as parts of an apartment by a real estate agent. The dialogue is clearly ad-libbed because no scriptwriter could come up with such an empty diction. Also, the agent does not know anything about dwelling ... he focuses on the aspects of a house that no one can care about, incorrectly explains the source of heat (did not see the heater?) And says the problem of the vermin will be solved when they I call the "terminator". Please write a script - a certain offense is fine, but it was a mess. Why were girls in motion in the models? Their careers were of no use in the plot, and this seems to be a forced situation. At one point, an actress breaks the character and says something in the sense of "guy, they will be (upset)", which were more natural than any other line, although they were not localized because of the other bad dialogue. /> <br /> The demon does not make sense. I appreciate trying to explain how the "hell's threshold" jumps into random places on earth (including fireplaces), but why does not it explain where the demon comes from? His background involves a man whose love is killed by another man. How does it make you a demon? (Also, why did we need all these Victorian flashbacks without dialogue and looks on a field? It was overcome.) The dramatic breaks between the lines were terrible. The Sam Bishop was by far the worst, the interviewer was not behind. Every question requires a pause, a fun face and an answer ... followed by a break, a fun face and a response? I was so frustrated. For me, the only point was to spend time ... but I would prefer to have 30 minutes of good delivery than an hour of horrible delivery (and then more time is wasted by running through the same credits twice). /> <br /> Who was Sam Bishop, anyway? He seems to have "seen" all of these things and was accused of killing the girls, but has never been to the girls. So how did he see them? And if he did not, how did he know that Dethman killed them? And if he did not see Dethman, how does he know that Dethman is the spirit of the apostles? I was so lost ... was there even a sketch for a plot when it was written? <br /> <br /> The only part I found pleasant in this movie was a scene with one of the models in the bathroom. Not that it was very important or something else, but it was the only break in the boredom I received. I wonder what Felix Diaz thought. His music is very good (see the DVD behind the stage for his improvised play), but I wonder about his shooting skills. Although the best part of the DVD was a trailer for the "Superhero Excelsior" (just the trailer was better than the entire waste of time). I'm sorry I have to be so harsh. I would like to believe that this movie was a test of what can be done in 24 hours or perhaps just an experiment for fun, and the idea was never to make a quality film. But if "Superhero Excelsior" is a clue, Diaz can do the quality ... why did he choose to avoid this here? Maybe the world will never know.
