Watching Floored by Love, a thought almost immediately comes to mind: "My God, it seems like a very stupid sitcom." Sure enough, it seems that the FBL is a pilot for a series that can begin this fall in Canada, the poor poor in Canada. Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) in Vancouver. Janet has already gone to her mother, but Cara's parents are still in the dark about their daughter's homosexuality. The pressure is on itself, although parents come from Malaysia for the wedding of her younger brother. That same week British Columbia legalizes homosexual marriage. When Janet wants to marry, Cara must decide whether or not to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is gay. She will? Would she? Could she? Cara's situation is in contrast to that of Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) is coming soon for a visit. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of being fully accepted by Jesse are affected by the fact that Daniel is gay and is not. Will It Form Help From 1-800-Makeover? Dialogue and delivery come directly from a smaller program of the 1950s, along with exaggerated physical excitement. The Full House melodrama is enough to make you entertained from time to time, and the attempts to comedy largely fail. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only artists to approach competence in this mistake, but given the material they have to work with, it is no surprise that no one is impressed. The field may be intentional. There seems to be no way in which performers are really so bad that they have to try to imitate the inferior sitcoms of the previous days. If this is indeed the case, this review should probably be rewritten. The rewriting will focus on "Floored by Love", a poor and ineffective reference to old sitcoms. Writer / director Desiree Lim has set up a bland-fest called numbers that is completely forgotten. There was a time when simply a gay protagonist was enough to make a sign on the screen. Time's gone. This day we also need quality.
