I sat down with this film waiting for a provocative, fact-based film. But, instead, some of the least reasoned arguments against the imaginary Christian faith were given. For example, in an effort to prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without giving context, and thus changes the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as commanding the execution of those who do not, when, in fact, the quote is from a parable that Jesus said, involving a king who is then quoted. Thus, the narrator seems to seem as if Jesus says one thing when he really tells a story in which one of his characters says it. This is a lack of honesty in a very obvious form. Is it really what atheism has to offer the world? This film also tries to use the success of Christ's Passion over Jesus Christ: The Superstar and Last Temptation of Christ as evidence that Christians are blood of blood. He makes no reference to the fact that Passion was the most accurate Bible film ever since. He makes no mention of the fact that he was in fact the best liked by the group's critics. Then he is editing in a series of violent images of Passion, as if he wanted to hit his point at home. Ironically, he makes no mention of the Texas Chainsaw massacre, which went out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment, compared to a dramatic effect. One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who actually knew more about the subject than he did. All the Christians they interviewed were transferred to Billy Graham's New York Crusade parking lot. The atheists he interviewed for the film were notable authors and researchers. He asked Christians to begin the Christian movement and, of course, they said that he began with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples at Pentecost. Which is right (Acts 2). He then gives the comment, "is it not funny how few Christians seem to know the origin of their own faith?" and continues to explain that the apostle Paul began Christianity after he was stopped on the road to Damascus. Poor chap seems convinced that Acts 9 are before Acts 2. More deception? Or is it just ignorance? He also throws in nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes the death and resurrection of Jesus, being confessed by the people (whom Paul calls them in the passage) to the Corinthians, to ask questions if they doubt it! There are many other examples of how stupid this documentary is. But because I do not have the time or the patience to get into everything, I will go straight to the end. It is evident throughout the film that the narrator has a moving vendetta against his church education. And the climax is the PRINCIPLE OF HIS CHILD! In an ultimate attempt to deny the Christian faith, the narrator tries to make a madman of someone who has given him a child's detention. Is this what passes as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? Of course there are intelligent actors of the atheist who can make a documentary that is not a load of nonsense made as "deeds."
