First, let me say that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist, well, but I do not like this word because it describes what are not, not what I am) but I hated this " documentary movie." Production values ​​have been cursed almost non-existent, the premise was extremely unclear and everything seemed to be an exercise of Brian Flemming's uncertainty. Production values ​​were terrible, and Brian Flemming is clearly an amateur director at best. The narrative sounded as if it was the one in a single shot and did not do it at all. There were many ways and breaks when he had to speak in the movie. the animation was also pretty bad. The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and Bible scholars. As I said before, I do not believe in God, and I do not think that if Jesus was a real man or not, he does not say anything about God's existence. My personal gaze, Jesus probably was a real man, but he lived at a time when there were many people of Massia (looking for Tiananian apolonia) and that the stories of his life and preaching were blown in proportion to how long you got from his death. According to the Wikipedia article about the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good citation for this is a garbage) "practically all Bible scientists and Bible scholars agree that Jesus was a Jewish Jewish teacher in Galilee who was regarded as a healer, was baptized by John the Baptist, was accused of staying with the Roman Empire and, at the order of the Pontius governor, Pilate was sentenced to death by crucifixion. "I was surprised at the end of the documentary if it was more about the uncertainties director than anything else. I was wondering if she was trying to convince more than anyone else. The most suggestive example of this is the final interview with the director of the religious school. It's not even okay. The way he blames the teacher is unfair and, while agreeing with the partial director, teaching children about the hell fire is a bad thing, the way Flemming faced the director was just strange to look. Flemming had a chance to make a good talk if he was more touchy with his interview. Instead, he went aggressively with "It's no harm to teach kids this stuff." The guy reduces the short interview and I mean, what was expected, that the principal said, "Yes, I see it, I have seen the light, will it be a secular school now?" Apparently Flemming takes revenge for what he feels is a mistake made in his childhood. It's not documentary, it's about Flemming's insecurity, and it has nothing to do with the supposed subject of the documentary. Flemming shows what he really does here, and this is the true fall of the so-called documentary.
