It's not like I have overwhelming memories of Verhoeven's original pants - it always hit me like a brilliant film, well done from the airport, a film novel. Wonderful, sexy garbage, but garbage still. It was also a movie that touched a certain sexual zeitgeist. After a decade of anti-sex-induced hysteria, a movie about a wild and sex hotbot that kills to increase sexual pleasure was quite appealing. The basic instinct 2 was always in difficulty to provide the same social and immediate relevance, so the desperate attempts to stutter are so blatant that they can be overlooked. All she had to supply was that slim stuff of swelling and a gentle story, and they could all be traced. That he does not succeed so quickly on so many levels and thus be a superior career for all involved is truly extraordinarily traceable. Let's say worthy of the beginning - Sharon Stone is too old for the part of the sexual magnet Catherine Trammell. What was so photogenic through Verhoeven's lenses looks like sheepfold dressed like a lamb in the hands of Michael Caton-Jones, which has flat, colorful colors, and the static camera makes its indisputable beauty entirely. I like Sharon Stone a lot, but if the first movie launched her career, BI2 might kill him. He does not have David Morrissey stuffed shirt chemistry - their only sex scene is an embarrassing watch. The mother's boy of a master, with a sliding face, made me realize Michael Douglas's orange leather trinket. Supporting towers by David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling scatters these good actors in the talky show and heavy post environs scenes. And what kind of sex chances? Low, slightly brilliant, as a total mass as an episode of Disperate Housewives - the European sensibilities that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film are missed. Do not watch this movie for carnal thrills - there is nothing and what is there is tragic. The film is, as a whole, convoluted to the point of total confusion, boring and ridiculous. Especially in the last 40 minutes, when you realize that the movie is not really interesting, I am particularly aggressive and hilarious to the same extent. As a failed sequel, Basic Instinct 2 will come to occupy a cinematic land similar to Exorcist 2 The Eretic, Beyond Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, it rivals Battlefield Earth in its misconception. Being a Hollywood movie, amounting to several million dollars, it's a transvestite that will be very difficult to achieve as the worst years.
