One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but a documentary about Jesus Christ in 2005 called "The God Who Was Not There" by director Brian Flemming, a fundamentalist fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, states that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based exclusively on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers, and historians to debate the Christian long-term belief that Jesus, the son of God, lived among men, was crucified and was resurrected, Flemming compares the story of Christ to the figures of the cult of Isis and Osiris Egypt , Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology and in the cults of Roman mysteries, such as Mitraism, and find many surprising resemblances. In addition to his evidence of pagan cultures, he also states that the first sources for the story of Christ, the four Gospels, were written at forty or fifty years after the date of the crucifixion of Jesus, and that the letters of St. Paul show little evidence that Jesus is a figure of flesh and blood. Flemming, however, unfortunately is not able to carry out a solid investigation of the truth about Jesus' life, but to use this subject only as a starting point for a complete acceleration attack on Christianity and the entire religion. Most of the interviews are aligned philosophically with the director, including attorneys such as biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only interviewed Christians are those on the sidelines, such as Scott Butcher, the creator of Rapture Letters.com, and Ronald Sipus, director of the Christian Christian fundamentalist school, whom Flemming followed as a boy. > Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus comes out in the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells us how wrong Christianity was about the sun that rotates around the earth, then shows the atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, such as those of the Charles Manson worship leader, who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser, the arm of God for God. He also raises a statement from a book by LaHay and Jenkins that says Christians "look forward to the day when all non-Christians are thrown into a lake of fire, screaming and screaming." In order to turn against Christianity, Flemming shows us extended clips of Mel Gibson's Passion of Christ, detailing in detail every scene of violence and torture. What could have been a serious discussion of a very interesting topic will eventually become a childhood rank and a polemic against any religion. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit inexplicable acts, he ignores those people like Muriel Lester, a famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, the Indian Mayan of Guatemala, who helped create revolutionary Christians and received the prize Nobel Peace Recognizing his Work for Social Justice and Mother Teresa, whose work concerned respect for the value and dignity of each individual. His clearest argument is to compare him with Christian doctrine with pagan cultures and he does good points, but Flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these cults resemble Christian doctrines, there are no texts or source materials for these cults before 300AD, long after the New Testament. It is also important to notice a major difference. The immediate purpose of the initiates was a mystical experience that made them feel that they had united with their god. This is an anathema of Christianity, which believes that a church hierarchy, including priests and bishops to the Pope, is bound to interpret God's will toward mankind. Although I am not a Christian and I do not doubt whether Jesus Christ was a historical figure or not, the truth is that in the long scheme of things it may not matter. What matters is that a message has been introduced for mankind and spread around the world that has contributed to the spiritual evolution of mankind. Regardless of the distortions and crimes committed later in his name, and there were many, Christianity as conceived was a doctrine of compassion and love, and a moral and ethical code that sustained respect for our fellow men. <br /> <br /> I applaud the fact that the film was made and that a taboo subject was discussed, which is extremely necessary is not another divisional attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but to see as a common thread that can bring people to the world together. While there is room for debate and discussion on religious themes, in Annie Besant's words, "spiritual truths are best seen in the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect. God who was not there It is recommended only to those whose idea for a good moment is to destroy the religion of others.
