Let me start by saying that I totally agree with the basic thesis of the film that there probably was no historian Jesus, and Christianity is a false one. With that, he said that this movie is doing a pretty bad job of proving this thesis. It does good arguments - the gap between the theoretical life of Jesus and the writing of the Gospels, filled only with Paul's writings, which does not indicate a historical Jesus - and then fails to convincing them. She makes widespread statements without showing the evidence on which the statements are based, and firmly ignores the counter-arguments presented by Christian apologists. Intellectual distrust, emotional manipulation, and the lack of serious arguments are obvious and amazing. The only Christians we are listening to in the film are the head of the director's old school - who comes as a reasonable, rational person who tries to handle a chicory with a chip on his shoulder - and different Christians apparently at random instead of parking. I'm sorry, but the revelation that median Christians do not know much about their religion is not an accurate proof of Christianity's fraud. You can also claim that Jay Leno has rejected Michael Dukakis's presence on Jay-Walking's segment. Interviews with experts may be interesting, but the movie is too much to be honest, the director being just snarky. In the first five minutes, the movie has already merged Jerry Falwell with Charles Manson and the writers of the "Left Behind" series with the Davidians. And, after all, the film becomes so selfish that there is no rational argument, just a former furious Christian who is battling the people and places he blames for his confusing childhood. You know, maybe the movie might have been interesting, but it's lost in a documentary about Jesus' historicity, and it's so self-congratulatory that it deflates any sympathy. This is a film by Michael Moore, without the humor or conquest of the film, combined with a book by Richard Dawkins, without spirit or intellectual rigor. Move on.
