Indeed, there is no reason to consider this much more because of some very deceptive and deceptive assertions. A perfect example is when the director claims "Saul" or Paul de Tarus (the writer of the Book of Hebrews states that) has no idea that Jesus is or was a human being, this statement is either deliberate false because he accuses others or ignore what the Bible says. examine his misconception about Hebrew 8.4; which shows a quote "If Jesus was on earth, he would not be a priest", therefore right here He set up the ignorant and unknowing viewer to accept his false premise .. why? He does what most of the so-called faithful people in the Bible call that he calls them to do, the same thing. That means getting things out of context. Verse 1 is Hebrew 8; 1. Now, out of the things I have said, this is the sum: we have such a high priest who is seated on the right of the throne of the Majesty of heaven. "The above context is clearly speaking of a Jesus who was on earth and has nothing to do with the way the director wants the viewer to take his scripts from the context. "Here he provides a foundation that" Paul was not aware of an ISUS human, but only one of the "heaven" follows? It allows you to see if the director is honest "Hebrews 7:14" For it is obvious that our Lord came out of Judah; of which Moses did not speak anything about the priesthood. "True, the song does not quote from the Jewish writer trying to show that the writer of that book has no knowledge of a" human Jesus "? Probably anyway Paul did not write Jews, but I will not go into it here, but the filmmaker says that Paul and it is the premise of the point given here. It is not that this film maker does not make decent spots in certain areas, he does, but engages in the same blind inclination of the religion that he faces. tactics, in my strong opinion, loses credibility as a religion he takes over, and the film is no longer a documentary, but a personal opinion and bias of the film producer, nothing more, nothing less.
