Jack London's life was pretty colorful for a dozen films about his various aspects. Sad to say that what was used to be in the film was a war propaganda that put the best of some of the less attractive parts of his character. Jack London, who barely saw the age of 40 when he died, wrote some of the best stories around. He wrote about what he knew, but he also wrote, like everyone else who brought the baggage of his own life experience. Some of these experiences in another day and time would have been condemned as racism. But this was the Second World War, and London was a great believer in the "yellow danger" as it was called back to this day. Two-thirds of the film covers his life as author, we see his years as a sailor from where he received inspiration for The Wolf Wolf. We see him in Yukon in a mining cabin with a dog that was undoubtedly his inspiration for The Call of the Wild. London was able to capture the spirit of adventure that his life was right on paper for the world to enjoy it ever since. The last third took place during the Russian war correspondence - the Japanese War. London was socialist, but his socialism did not include Oriental people. Like a few million others, he saw the growing immigration of the Chinese and Japanese on our Pacific coast as a threat to jobs for white people. He supported stricter immigration policies for the Oriental. The film puts the horse in front of the horse. London is portrayed as a man who saw it because it was at hand in the Russian-Japanese war what the ambitions of Japan were and for that reason was just as xenophobic. In fact, the atrocities present in the Second World War did not exist during the Russian-Japanese conflict. Japan had its imperial ambitions, but so did the others, including the US, at the time. But our immigration policies caused by pressure from West Coast politicians have been an important factor that has contributed to the deterioration of relations with Japan over two generations. London was part of the cause, not a prophet wept in the wilderness. This film was the first independent production of Samuel Bronston, who later made some lower-budget films than Jack London. If he had some more money, Bronston could have reached James Cagney or Spencer Tracy, both of whom would have been right for the role. Instead, they received Michael O'Shea, which was the second film of Lady of Burlesque. O'Shea is fine, but it certainly was not box office. As London covers the war, she meets a captain Tanaka played by Leonard Strong, an actor specializing in the Orientals and playing a ton during the Second World War. From the point of view of the 1905 advantage, Strong outlines the best traditions of Fu Manchu, Japan's imperial goals, to the end of the US. It must have been good with the crowd changing cradle. <br /> <br /> A lot of course is left out of London life, including a first wife. Playing the second and only wife in this movie is Susan Hayward, who only enters the movie when it's half. I would have liked to have seen more of it. Charmian Kittredge London survived her 40-year-old husband's death in 1955. O'Shea actually met and married the main lady of her life in Jack London. Virginia Mayo has a small role in Jack London and has been married for 30 years until O'Shea died in 1973. Perhaps one day we will get a vision of Jack London, which will be much better than This one.
