Eleonora, born in Italy, has inherited from his deceased lover Karl, an ultramodern house and isolated in the middle of the forest. It is winter and meets with the mysterious caregiver Leslie, who finally ends not only taking care of the house, but Eleonora's, as she tries to adapt to her new surroundings and a growing attraction between the pair. <br /> <br /> What do I expect? A thriller really, but it was not. This is just the package advertising for you! I'm pretty puzzled by everything. Title, story and motivation. So how do you classify it? Well, this wood character drama is more of an enigmatic romantic love story about alienation, possessions and twisted addiction in a complicated relationship of passion for two masked individuals. The co-writer (alongside William Dafoe) and the director of the Giada Colagrande art film is just too clinical, distant and computed with his mysterious metaphorical story that leaves you wondering what it really means? though, once your sudden conclusion materializes, you will think about why I should really care. What we are going through is a lack of strength with a weighted exposure of dead air that focuses on details and insignificant images. Sterile dialogs can contribute to many awkward developments, but we do it for a lead experience because it is not deep enough. How he thinks he does. Sexually-savvy activities have been filtered out without conviction and are far from erotic. They are a kind of blow in the already slow flow. The basis of the plot makes for something interesting and fresh, but it never happens and I thought it would be more for her, then all these persistent disturbances. Colagrande's direction is professional and stylish and eager to want the picture, but everything feels like a slow move and can be caught admiring the same views. Most of the action remains at one location? House. The film is tense, but the scrawled music score can become a bit ridiculous when it comes to some dramatic music pointers that stabbed, which served little sense and purpose in the scene. Giada Colagrande plays it sensitively, and William Dafoe's sleep goes on. It looks tired dog! While Seymour Cassel swallowed his head from time to time. <br /> <br /> Only where he is heading is someone guessing. Well, if you can wait. I think I'm going to give it the benefit of doubt, because it's definitely not what I expected from this indie film.
