I respect director Alex Cox, indeed. He is like the school boy you think at first is trying a little too much to be "different," a literary punk-rocker who sank more than his feet in Western spaghetti, science fiction and marginal culture and went out the world is ready to take ... but then see what it can do, the talent and the brutal art and the moments of real absurd hilariousness capable of it and you are ready to see what it has to offer. But there are two faces of his proverbial coin: whether he can really hit the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker, no doubt) or try just a little too hard and drag too many pretentious rabbits out of the hat (Direct to hell) . Death and Compass fall into this category, and while respecting this (mostly) original approach to tackling a criminal-detective story, it falls on face, and strangeness becomes strangely dull. has a strange set of style and an ungrateful style to follow: a detective, Erik Lonnrot, is after a killer with a voice of fire, Red (something), and it seems the murderer leaves creepy clues to his victims: scratched in the blood on the walls are messages that, according to the eyewitness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston looked as though he had left the Powerful Earth without changing his appearance) has a religious significance in Kabbalah. We follow Lonnrot on his case and his methods to go after perp, which include the following first in a triangular pattern and then in the form of a compass on the map - despite the protests of Commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), which also shows back in flash sitting at a desk and talking to audiences in crushed descriptions, but sad by his former employee and colleague as the case may be. Oh, Cox has his moments of creativity and interest, such as a blow in which we will see the entire range of the terrible depths of the police station where Eccleston's character is taken by handcuffs ("For his own protection," says Lonnrot in the case in the wrong room) and we are followed in a long track of pursuit - perhaps the best or only the most curious - where we are taken through very dark halls with a very small direction, lost in the maze of transformations and strange characters . And it is never something that is not fascinating to look at morbid delight with a cinematography by Miguel Garzon. But the plot passes through holes-hoops to keep things so off-beat that it might be better to beat less together. The performances, with the exception of a confident Boyle and Eccleston at the end, are pretty bad, especially Sandoval, who seems to be overturning in his chair, recite the joyful dialogue that has been given to the audience. > While the crime plot itself contains an intention for the public that it is not something I have seen before, that it is in a society with many revolts and architecture that suggests the next wave of Alphaville, its squeaking is too fast. What is the conflict here? I was never so much involved in Boyle's personal mission to find this killer, and just caught in a couple of clips of disturbing scenes of the murderer (and / or murderers) who used to go like a funny cameo in the building early on.) And just when I began to think it was spectacular with Boyle and Eccleston in that big building ("not as big as you think") in the south of the city, suddenly gives us a "TWIST" that we know behind our mind comes, but hope is not, and deflates any of the humidrum mystery was up to. For all the strange touches of Cox, as a director, for all his opposition to feeding the public with a "conventional" approach, which he respects, Death and his compass finally cut him to the brainstem; is a masturbator.
