God, what's going on? a Uwe Boll movie and positive reviews? Wow! Very nice to note that most positive reviews come from beginners to Boll's work. I myself, as I said in Uwe Boll's previous reviews, are just watching their films with the hope that one day they will do something good. I mean, it's gotta be a day! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the seeds are not that day. I do not really know where to start with the lame test of a horror film Seed makes. The thing you remember about people is that all the sick people in the world are in this way because they watched various sick actions on video or on the net ... so Mr. Boll believes. I still can not figure out why it took real records of animal abuse and killing in the first 10 minutes of this movie. I understand the concept that Seed is a sick man and is glad to see this ... but he does not understand why Mr. Boll believed that the REAL movie would work. Can it shock us? Hmmm ..... Well, I am not squeamish and can deal seeing something on the movie. Yet, I do not find the use of real cruelty material to have the least fun. If you try to shock me, it did not work. He reminded me just how troubled the world was because things were going on, and that Uwe Boll is allowed to continue making movies. This kind of context may have worked for 70/80 movies (the Cannibal Holocaust), but not on the current market. With that, we can move on to the fact that Uwe was able to give the film a very cheap feeling around BloodRayne 2. You can say that there is not a huge amount of money floating around the production. As usual, Mr. Boll does not care to make a decent story because we are treated with boring photographs of police officers watching Seed's victims' videos in the first 25 minutes. Each of these videos ends with a quicker breakdown of the victim. Everything is very boring and tiring. I will not comment on the child's scene because it's ridiculous and just another cheap "shock" factor. If you manage to stay in the first 25 minutes, then you will be treated to police officers going through a very dark house to catch Seeds. The enlightenment is horrible, and Uwe has the old "Do not use a little cam" that he did with BloodRayne 2. Watch the police officers dying in a growing stupid way until one point is Sign. This scene is so bad you have to see her believe that. In fact, the cop tells Seed he could shoot him. For an unusual reason, the cop does not shoot him. Since Seed is a patient who kills both children and adults, you would have believed on this point in the scenario that meaning would prevail. From here we are treated in a scene of bad execution, followed by policemen buried in life (and I know she is alive because she does not shoot him in the head), followed by the exit of the seed and then killing a random woman with a hammer and then kidnapping from the cop's family. What I'm trying to tell you all is that it's just STOPID! It's not really stupid Hollywood ... just stupid. Uwe Boll can not direct ****. Anyone with a taste of taste would agree with that statement. Anyone who looks at this movie and finds it fun in any form or form must look seriously at himself as a person. <br /> <br /> Once again, we are treated to a piece of UB crack, produced in a sparkling, sparkling, set, lighted, produced piece.
