Is the name Uwe Boll automatically linked to horror cinemas / evil cult and every newly released movie? which is about two, three a year ?? always gets negative reviews and harsh criticism. In fact, you are almost tempted to think that this is just a contemporary hype. You know it's popular to hate Uwe Boll if you liked movies or not. Let me assure you that this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a dreadful writer / director and a very sincere threat to the entire movie industry. "Seed" is another unfortunate proof that. Here, Boll tries so desperately hard to come in as controversial and shocking as he overlooks many other elements that every movie must essentially have, such as a plot, narrative structure, character development, " Seed "is a terrible movie full of free dirt and incompetent filming filming. Once I read that "Significance" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the current horror trend of porn torture films, but this is not even close. The film certainly has loans from "Saw" and "Hostel", but basically it's just another boring slayer with an indestructible killer and violence in video games. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are beyond boring and actually only confirms all the obvious things you already knew would happen. Because you see, Boll was stupid enough to begin his movie with a scrolling text (hyper-fast) that explains that there is a federal American law claiming that detainees should be released if three attempts to electrocution fail . So you know this will happen later, but still the first three quarters are wasted to catch a serial killer and bring him to the electric chair. The Seed is a serial killer, who allegedly sacrificed 666 casualties (exaggerated much?), Who wears a bag on his head. He follows the cruel recording of animals in real life (and hence we watch the film about the cruelty of real life animals, thanks to Mr. Boll) and film the people how they break down slowly in the cellar (including a crying child who is in -right sick and twisted). When it was eventually captured, during the most amateur and less fake, the police ever shot the film and put it to death, the movie becomes even more late. After being buried alive because the electric chair could not fry him, Max Seed returns to the surface and goes into a new storm of killing; this time focusing mainly on those who arrested him and executed him. <br /> <br /> Overturning the senseless plot and the complete lack of depth of this film's story go to the past, being just bad; they are scary and insult the level of intelligence of the fanatic of the medium horror film. Multiple overturnings and parcels in "Seed" are simply impossible to accept from the human mind that works reasonably because they are just too stupid! No one thinks that the cops and prison staff will bury a mass murderer in life without shooting a few bullets through his head. No one will accept that a fugitive convicted can not be found for another six months, even if he went straight to the same place of hiding places where he was captured for the first time! "The Seed" is full of things a little delayed like these, and the movie gets stupid with every passing minute. Personally, I refuse to accept that crew members and crew members have not noticed this. It really made you think that Uwe Boll simply ignores all the advice and criticism and stunned the films as he wishes. I imagine the stuff he calls, like "shut up and do as you are told" to his actors whenever he notices that the scene they are doing does not make them feel meaningful. <br /> <br /> Just for the fun of upsetting people, there is a huge sequence where Max Seed plucks an elderly lady with a hammer while she is tied to a chair in the middle of her own salon. Instead of being shocking, as Boll wanted it to be, this sequence exhausts with the pathetic and controversial craftsmanship of the whole movie. "Seed" is terrible, it's disgusting, it's pitiful, is it? Boll.
