Short version: Seeds are worthless. It's just derivative and inferior. And without a soul. Long version: If you have never seen any of the movies that contain the live genre defined by "psychological horror", this movie will likely blush your face. Maybe not, but it will give you a good burn. The opening of the real abuse of animals will be enough to open your eyes to the possibilities of brutality on the video, and the memorable (only) later scene in the movie will probably be more than you can do. The climax will play with your emotions in a way that probably does not have another movie. But that does not mean you have too much experience with the genre. If you have seen the real things ... "August Underground Penitentiary", for example, you will find, as I did, very hard to stay awake until the end of the movie. reviewers have compared this to old videos. I understand this comparison. Just like videos, "Seed" is more violent than horror film and less subtle. But the reason our videos are still known is not just for the reasons above - those that are still popular have had something special. Allow me to be ambiguous, I think you will understand: those who have remained around have had "soul". Make this quote from Gabriele Crisanti, the director of Burial Ground, in an interview about the new DVD: "... we will never have more movies like this, because today technology has overtaken imagination and technology is cold , so many things will disappear because small movies like these will not be produced anymore, a great horror, a terrorist film of this kind costs more than a million dollars, these movies were not so expensive ... they are effects real, made with our hands ". Perhaps it is wrong to take the comparison with the horror of the old school so seriously. But Crisanti hit the nail on his head. Even at the most seemingly exploatational, the best of the video films followed a primitive "truth." And here Boll does not succeed. It's like watching the movies and not understanding them. Everything on the checklist is there ... BS about "making a statement about humanity", an obscene scene of torture, etc. But, as Crisanti says, "cold." Gore is CGI. Everything resembles scenes related to other films of different genres. And the rhythm is too slow. Man is so slow. Another interesting note: The scene of a gore really reminded me of a video game. Anyway, pretty good. The film is weak.
