Over the past year, Uwe Boll demonstrated a marginal improvement as a cinematic, cranking Competent "On behalf of the King" (a "Lord of the Rings" clone) and with vulgar pride, post-9/11 "Postal." came "Seed," and the counter was reset to Zero, keeping its desire for legitimacy and respect for much further. And I'm a fan of the guy, his films have a unique vision of the screw and they're never boring. From his frustration with the wild observations received by his films, "Seed" is a mistaken mistaken attempt at the social commentary and a worse event for creating an iconic syllable mythology (Boll often seems to take a page in Rob Zombie's successful reboot, "Halloween"). The antagonist is Maxwell Seed (Will Sanderson), a brutal mutter that killed 666 people and was sitting dying, waiting for execution; after the beast's unsuccessful roast, he rises from the grave to take revenge on those who put him there ... and so begins a total free chaos. <br /> <br /> Trying to create a new millennium Slasher in the vein of Michael Myers or Jason Voorhees, Max Seed is too hard to define and boring to leave an impression, eventually resembles a pro wrestler wash-up does "The Crims of the Toolbox" to a succession of equally boring victims. In addition, Seed's character and Boll's "message" are contrary to one another: the death penalty is wrong, sure, but are we really expected to sympathize with a soulless killer who left him a few hundred corpses? I do not think At the same time, Michael Paré acts as an apathetic brother, long-lost the character of James Remar on "Dexter". A policeman who stays in his office, scraping off newspaper cutouts and watching unnecessary scenes of stop-motion of the decomposed animals and people trapped in Seed's lair. Until he and a heap of cardboard policemen stalk the storm Seed, the sequence is so dilated-out, ill-conceived (illumination is almost nonexistent) and uninteresting (despite a healthy dose of clinic) that he almost puts on me. to sleep lower quality movie making is not limited to that sequence: Appears "Seed" was shot by a drunk movie maker because Bobs room and weaves indefinitely a technique that is more stomach turning than gore itself; these prolonged moments of very few happenings draw attention not only to the meandering narrative, almost non-existent. At 90 minutes, the film is tired enough to be considered a form of torture that might have been Boll's intention over time. The pure genius ... I think the joke is on me.
