Consider for a moment what it should be like to be Uwe Boll. Somewhere, perhaps in those places where Jack Nicholson told them "do not talk at parties," Boll knows that David Lean had lice as a child who had more film talent than he. Gore Whores, metal heads and social dysfunction can beat him on the circuit and tell him otherwise, but the general public finds the departure of the Teutonic voyager so unimaginative, intelligent or imaginative that he has become an internet bully? an online discourse synonym for photochemical excrement. Boll is doing everything he can to walk these sick people, exploiting the tax credits available in Germany and Canada to continue to work and raise money from a network of dentists, as Zero Mostel did with old ladies from The Producers. The difference being that Mostel's character knew he was intestinal. Maybe Uwe knows too. This is the level of hostility to every new "Bollbuster" that IMDb protects from sabotaging its rating by voting 1 before seeing it. Boll's attempts to silence critics, provoking a boxing match and beating it, were making them more determined. Indeed, he is probably the only producer to amplify treasury sales, while critics are looking for inventive ways to describe garbage. This attack made Uwe a very thick man, so he must feel like he was wrapping a rug, but he feels like he's been harassed by the whole world. Like most people in this situation, he sneaked, resolutely suppressing as many people as he remembered a tear-eating greenhouse, which retained Variety's review of the house of the dead, never too far off the surface. This "I know you are but what I have" strategy to recover the initiative has produced a gentle satire of Postal, which tried to spit out dissidents with jokes about 9/11, Christian fundamentalism, Jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. Such a litany of invective requires a satirist with Peter Cook's mind and Chris Morris visual imagination but the closest Boll becomes either man is on their behalf. In Seed, shot backwards with the game adaptation mentioned above, Boll returns with a story about a sadistic serial killer (is it something else) that receives the chair just for two attempts to fail to permanently reduce all the signs of life . Taking into account the fictional law that anyone who lives after three attempts must be free, though if you were fried with as much electricity as you want, he pronounces him dead and buries him, only for the disaffected killer to reappear and a swirling tour of his claws begins. Boll began "exploring Nihilist fury," with Seed watching pictures of animals being tortured for experimental purposes. From there, are we dealing with the trade of the killer in trade? the kidnapping of dogs, raised babies and women, and allowing them to starve to the camera just to become worm-eating. Are we invited to reflect on what a depraved breed of amorous meat bag is all about? our inhumanity to each other and other creatures that act as a lighting rod that acts as a catalyst for the most disgusting vestiges of human condition. Yes, we are worthless, weedless saddies and, worse, we will not give Uwe a good rating on IMDb. In short, humanity is a bunk. Of course you might think that Uwe relies on our worst excesses for his livelihood, and given that it is a bit of a bipolar piece, on the one hand hate the audience and positively positively in sour milk of human kindness? the old old Boll's milk had to drink for so long, while simultaneously whipping his member and inviting those with a pornographic lust for depravity on the screen to marvel at his strange ass of divorcement. The result says nothing about society and its dissatisfaction, more about the corrosive effect of the press on its director. Poor Uwe is obviously a very angry man? a scene in which a poor woman gives her brain to a pulp while it is tied to a chair, no doubt a surrogate for his own fantasy to send different web critics. That he is there, but he has an avant-garde approach by not attaching himself to any kind of narrative thread, shows that Boll is a pornographer who is happy to engage with the audacity of his audience and knows that the plot is surplus to requirements . He made a film that is shot competent but completely empty. "I wanted to make a horror film that was not fun," Boll told the audience at the world premiere of the film, and succeeded, in the case of this subtle manifestation, but if he had to convince the film detractors that he was a director seriously genre, will need something authentic to say, as well as a better and more original way to say it.
