"The National Treasure" (2004) is a misguided blend of plotting entanglements that borrow from almost every cliché of cloak and government espionage that has ever been written. The film sees Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is that, I ask you?); a seemingly normal man who, for another reason than made up of a line of equally mindless puzzling riddle hunters, decides to steal a "national treasure" hidden from founding fathers of the United States. After a bit of subtext and background that plays ridiculously (unintentionally) that Indiana Jones meets the Patriot, the movie degenerates into a whimsical erroneous after another? trying to create the regurgitation of Nicholas Cage's "Stanley Goodspeed" and launch the whole surrounding mess with a series of high-octane misadventures but disconnected. The relevance and logic of having George Washington and his patley crew bury the King's redemption somewhere on native land, and then, through the meticulous plan to leave clues scattered through artwork in the American currency, is something that director Jon Turteltaub never make him explain it. Could Washington not find a better use for such a fortune during the country's start-up? Therefore, we are left with a mystery built on an enigma that is already on an unstoppable ground until Ben is called the new custodian of this untold wealth. Are Ben's intentions noble? if confused. He's in charge of protecting the treasure. For whom and when ??? your guess is as good as me. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems with Ben's crusade. First, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean), decides he can not wait for Ben to decide to steal the Independence Statement from the National Archives (oh, yes, a brilliant idea!). Probably the back of the famous document holds the secret answer to the final fortune. Ian is trying to kill Ben. An attempted assassination is, of course, unsuccessful if it is too melodramatic. He also gives Ben the opportunity to pick up and pick the very good curator of the archives, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). Believes Ben is clearly crazy? at least at the beginning. But true to the form of action / romance, Abby's decision melts faster than you can say, "is Hope Diamond?" The movie moves into full X file mode because the FBI, mistakenly believing that Ben is behind the theft, takes revenge in various benign ways that lead to a multi-layered sequence of action that reminds of the Impossible Mission meets The Fugitive . Frankly, those guys do not get "smart" information that's right? In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not a great movie, so much like a remix of some tired ordinary bits from other films woven together from scraps, such as making Betsy Ross red. /> <br /> The Buena Vista DVD offers more generous treatment than this movie deserves. The widescreen anamorphic image shows a very fine and fine image with very rich colors, natural tones of meat, solid black and clean white. The stylized image is also devoid of spots and digital enhancements. The audio is 5.1 and gives you a nice sonic pocket for the side and rear speakers, with intensity and realism. The extra includes a lot of promotional junket material that is quite deep and above in its explanations of how and why this movie was made. If only as an audience we had more clarifications on why Ben and co. they followed an illusory treasure, it would have been a good move. The excerpt ends with theatrical trailer, audio comments and deleted scenes. Not for the weak? just thick head.
