I watched this movie last night on one pay-per-view channel, and as I watched him, I wondered quickly why I was disturbed. With all sincerity, I even expected something more of this movie. Maybe something like "Conspiracy Theory." Why? Perhaps because of pouring. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder, why have they bothered? But instead of an act of absorption as a mystery drama, I was trapped in a puzzler of the dizzy disruption of The Goonies, which to my great surprise seems to have gathered a certain critical praise. Perhaps it is due to the fact that "The Goonies" were clearly visible to pre-adolescent and adolescent audiences. While the "National Treasure," judging by the preview, was seriously intended to appeal to an adult audience. Suspension of unbelief is one thing. It's the way you can enjoy science fiction and horror. But I woke up, resisting, in fact, the balls of paranoid bunch and conspiracy that were pushed to the audience. The screenwriter threw down all the jargon that intended to evoke a feeling of grave wonder. -Maime, Knights Templar ... You know, that could really be true! I think the writer really lost me when Gates said the Founding Fathers hid the treasure to keep the hands of the British! And did the Knights Templar come? New Jersey? Oh, I forget. From France! Which goes a long way to explain how he arrived in Philadelphia during the Revolution. It was brought there by agents of Napoleon! Anyway, see what I'm good at. The premise of the movie is interesting. And I really think he would have been a serious mystery drama. But he just unleashes like another boy in his usual clothes. Finally, I think he asks the public not only to suspend the faith but to intentionally ignore an insulting degree. I just finished seeing some articles by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's a shock to get past the table at Hollywood Big Mac and fries. Good good. If you guess over chases, explosions and gimmickery from gee-whiz, you'll enjoy the 'National Treasure'. But it's kind of a movie, okay, have you ever stood in front of a cinema waiting to come in while the previous audience comes out? And all the little children talk emotionally among themselves and say things like, "Wow! Have you seen how that exploded that?" The National Treasure "is a kind of movie.
