Nick Cage is Gates, a treasure hunter (oh, excuse me ... treasure protector, no matter what), which is descended from a long line of treasure hunters. One of his ancestors was given a clue about the place of tremendous treasure that our founding fathers, most, if not all the Freemasons, have decided to hide because they simply did not want to fund their independence altogether badly. <br /> The first clue is to be in a ship lost long ago hidden in the Arctic. Gates and his crew, made up of financier Ian (Sean Bean), Dork Riley (Justin Bartha of the Immortal "Gigli") and some naked boys enter the trunk of the ship. They immediately share tons of gunpowder all over the floor, not that this is significant in any way. Finally, I find a clue (a skeleton lies over it) and turns out to be a pipe with a writing ... on it. A kind of. Do not ask me to explain. It's an enigma and, despite the fact that his expedition is clearly miffed at not finding the real treasure, Gates wanders around yammering about himself riddling meaning in this cargo of frozen loads, while the crew is only in around the jawed-jawed. Really, come back. Someone should have been a bit of a voice in their disappointment to come up to the Arctic and find nothing interesting, but they just sit there as Gates enters his world, solving the guess. the following clue turns out to be on the Declaration of Independence. Ian decides to steal it. The gates are terrified. The different characters give an obvious exposure (get used to that). All this led to Ian's failure to shoot a gun on Gates, and gunpowder stopped in a great explosion. (and that's why they poured all the gunpowder!) Ian and his monks escaped, and Gates and the Dork Riley movie walked nine miles in an Inuit village to stop them. To stop them, Gates ends after the FBI and Super Archivist Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger) tried to get Gates and Riley to steal herself. Riley then tells Gates the wrong details of why they can not steal the Declaration, because it's so protected with metal and laser eyes, and with the high security of blah blah. Gates tells Riley there's a chance to steal her from the Conservation Chamber. Riley knows what the conservation room is, asks Gates? "A place where jams and jellies do?" I'm not kidding; this is the real line. Bartha does not give her a joke. So Riley does all this research about the Library of Congress and Archives and about water and sewerage, fercryinoutloud, but he does not know what the Conservation Chamber is. This shows pretty much at what level this scenario is. To do the rest of this short, Gates actually does, with D de I, a ridiculous break-in that could only happen in a movie. (I also hate how they describe the screen technology in movies - full of graphics and improbable and impractical fonts.) Abigail Chase ends up tagging over time for reasons of convenience and an obvious "love" angle. At one point, the three, on the road of the law, all discuss their plans in a clothing store surrounded by people. A series of clues and the kidnapping of Gates' father, played by a dying Jon Voight, lead the good boys and the bad guys to a huge Indiana Jones amusement house under New York City. Strange that metro builders have never found this. Senior gates and gates lead Ian off on a chase Chase. Ian thinks they are trapped in a corridor and leave them there. However, after they leave, Riley asks how they will go out. Gates ... <br /> <br /> ... oh boy ... <br /> <br /> ... press a button and open a door. I'm not serious. A button, as if it could have in an office building in a toilet room. It's good he knew where he was. Anyway, after several ups and downs, I find this tremendous treasure room (remember, all this is under Manhattan!), Full of all sorts of historical gold things. Riley gets to make a very bad line. Again. And the FBI officer, Harvey Keitel, forgives them, arrests Sean Bean, and lets the two chemistry leaders marry. For any viewer, I think it would be hard to ignore the whole exhibition, the logical leaps, and the stereotypical characters for a very long time. Although some of the exposure involves beautiful history lessons introduced into the conversation at random times. I'd like more conversations like this in my life.
