John Carpenter's career ends if this sad excuse for a movie is an indication. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, probably fit into all the clothes. In short, it was hard to find out which one was cuter in some kind of anorexic ramp. Bon Jovi has the greatest charity. At least he looks happy when he smiles. The two Vampire girls, on the other hand, are all cramps and complaints. At one point, they will give a wet kiss, but they will stop. Amazing how every vampire movie has a set of mortar for the vampires. At one point, Arly Jover supplies the fever of a Vampire Hunter very badly and then sucks his blood while doing the sexual act. It would have been an erotic moment, except that it was filmed as a full bullet, and the male actor looked gently amused as he watched Arly Jover shake his head to mimic something that obviously did not happen . As for the gorilla, a few heads are broken, and the blood rotates profoundly. These scenes have so little suspense, whether they accumulate so much that when it happens, it's almost funny and there's no "horror" reward in the scene. Everything you get as a member of the audience is a feeling of "Wow, surely there was a lot of red paint on the walls. I wonder who needs to clean it." Throughout the movie, these vampires who are obviously trying to kill Arly Jover (the world's top vampire) continue to reach her. At one point, Bon Jovi enters the abandoned church and after just shooting it with an arrow (and did it on other occasions), he says, "I'm not trying to hurt you, I just want to talk to you. I want to meet you. "HUH ?? Of course, the vicious vampire, Arly, jumps to greet them, and Bon Jovi kicks her again with another pushing device. "Why can not we be friends," WAR's hit song of the 1970s should have been the theme song for this film. In addition to all the other stupid moments, there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner removes her whole vampire blood, and the people in the city get to donate blood for her transfusion. Do I think the type of blood is not important? Anyway, all her vampire blood is gone. Bon Jovi then decides that if the blood is transfused into him, he can beat Arly into a vampire. Of course, since the vampire blood is transfused into him, none of his healthy blood is removed. So Bon Jovi walks twice as much blood as any man can have in his body. And like the first VAMPIRES, it also has the special effect of vampires - which explodes in flames.
