Live Feed is in a neighborhood in Asia and Japan, where five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) and taking in the attractions. After a mess in a bar with a Japanese triad chief (Stephen Chang), they decide to check out a porn theater as you wish. Within them, they are separated and quickly find that the place belongs to the Triad chief who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that are unclear. Can local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) rescue them? This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also has a prosthetic effects designer. The Feed is another rather poor budget that was shot in a horror film of the camcorder, which seems to be just to earn money in the notoriety and success of the Hostel (2005) and mini-wine cellar for "starting torture." According to IMDb's "Trivia" section for the Live Feed writer and publisher, Nicholson wrote it after hearing about certain activities that took place in live sex theaters, for my money I think she wrote it after watching the Hostel! The script is pretty poor, there is no basic reason why this porn theater has a great strange fatny fat dressed in robbery tools that hide around torturing and killing people, none. Was it for triads? Was it for his pleasure? Was it to sell champagne movies? Some kind of explanation would have been nice. Why did the Triad Head start at the end? If you are looking for a movie with a coherent story, then forget about the Live feed. It seemed to me to be a mix of sex, S & M, horror, torture, gore, and action that did not come off. I mean, setting a horror movie in a porn theater will not automatically make your movie, there's gotta be a decent script and a story, right? Characters were rather weak, and some of their actions and motivations were more than just questionable. It moves along a reasonable pace, it's a pretty rude, sex and nudity mix, but it looks a little cheap, which diminishes the effect. Director Nicholson does nothing special here, annoyingly, he seems to think to shine almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea and the movie has an inexpensive look about it. Available in both "R" and "Unrated" versions, we saw the shorter version of "R", which is not really that bad, but I am ready to offer the "Unrated" to say it could be much, much safer, but I can not say for sure. There's a pretty big amount of nudity if that's your job. I would not say that there is much atmosphere or many frictions here because they do not exist and are not, although it has a generally weakened tone, which is something that happens for that. /> The live technical feed is not terribly impressive, the blood looks too water-less for my pleasure, and the whole scenes bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes make it difficult to tell you what's going on, often showing that was shot in the video camera and editing in hand, at least on the "R" version, is sometimes an annoying disaster. Shot on location in a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. The actress is weak, sometimes I could not tell if the actress in it should be weeping or crying ... Live Feed is not a movie, I would recommend anyone to rush and buy or rent, I did not think too much to this, with a very weak and predictable story, lacking exposure and not going anywhere, weak action and less impressive gore (at least in "R"). Watch Movies Hostels or Again, Because They Are Higher.
