First of all, the actor who must play Jesus has blue eyes ... half of the actors he plays, the Jews have blue eyes. Are not there enough brown-eyed actors out there? Jesus being described as having blue eyes is one of my pets. He was a blood-rich Jew! Secondly, what happens to old English movies, which should be in non-English speaking countries, and everyone has English accents? (Another example is David Lean's "Dr. Zhivago.") Are not there enough Jewish actors or actors who can make an Israeli accent? The film is often not true of the Scriptures, and thus seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice is heard from heaven, saying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I am benevolent" (Matthew 3:17; Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the film, John the Baptist says that! The script seems to try to describe the believers as crazy. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will become pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the movie we do not see or hear an angel - Mary seems to speak a month and when his mother Mary is hearing her talking to someone and watching her, hearing and not seeing anyone. Also in the film, when Jesus speaks to the Pharisees in the Temple of Jerusalem, he says, "You will not see me here unless you learn to cry: Blessed is the one who comes in the name of the Lord" because my father and I are the same. "The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is," You will not see me until you say, Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. "Jesus did not ever claim that is God. The film cuts a lot of important parts (the Sermon on the Mountain is very expelled), but then spends a lot of time on things not even in the Bible (a whole scene with Mary Magdalene talking to a john). the writer, instead of wanting to make a cinematic version of the Scriptures, wanted to make a film about what he really thought was behind (and between) the scenes. But the film has a gem - during the stage in which Isu to tell the parable of the prodigal Son, to the Matthew tax collection house, I had tears streaming on my face. It's the best movie I've ever seen about the work of Jesus (but that does not say too much, because the others are just terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite film about Jesus' last days ("Passion of Christ" is too graphic), although I like how "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of ending with the death of Jesus, continues and shows Resurrection.
