... though for a movie that seems to try to sell as a horror, there was a distinct lack of blood. There has also been a distinct lack of qualified targeting, action, editing and scripting. Jeremy London put in one of the most terrible shows I've ever seen - "falling into the maelstrom" of madness is terrifyingly self-conscious and clumsy. Oh, look at him twitch! Look at him drink strong spirits! Oh, look at him pick up his forehead, and cock his head at a yellow angle! Oh, look at his black, black and black hair! Listen to his horribly narrow voice! He has to be a tortured artist / writer / genius! Oh, yes, the poet comes - he's a boy who thinks he's Byron. (Or Poe.) Oh, for his love ... someone gave this guy a handbook on "How to act well" or just pulled him out of a cardboard box somewhere, the little toy toy's premiere in a broken grain cereal brand. Okay, it was a bad line - but that's just because the performance in London blew my brain with its horrible. Katherine Heigl is nice and she has grown very briar but has not grown so far in her acting shoes this film - she gave her the lines as if she had been raised, in fact, her whole interpretation was very wooden, she was as rigid as her lines - she knows, maybe she just reacted and tried to neutralize, excesses, but if that was the case, she took it too far. Arie Verveen is notable that Poe - while the role of his character is confusing, he offers the best performance of the play. He just seems right, but it is more than that - he has a depth, I thought he had a life beyond the double quality of the other characters. Maybe it's just because I like Poe and I could just let my mind wander and invent while it was on the screen - no matter what, he had a factor of interest that was different. The rest of the characters are a blur of blur - they are all the usual caricatures: the best blond friend who is a bit of an enemy; the local wounded policeman, who is a little dork; the older protector, who has too much interest in our heroine; old scheming witches, etc. etc., yawning, yawning. <br /> <br /> As in the case of "the problem of a distinct lack of blood for a horror film," none of the themes he mentions (and that the London character mentions - so badly - his attack on Poe's writing ) on. As another commentator said - there were potentials here: crime, incest - really shocking things, but instead of getting away from these problems and breaking away from violence (a candle lit by the air - closing the victim - nice treat, especially when it is accompanied by fake flakes and intense Siouxie eye makeup - but in "The Descendant just happens to be embarrassed, or as if the publisher took it in the last minute and cut it off. ) This would have been either a very tense psychological thriller - the horror of palingenesis / illusion / madness - and the movie slasher: trying to be both, or none (something new and exciting!), But it does not succeed disappointed anyway. The horror of the entire movie is its epicity. <br /> <br /> I think the editor (if any) should have been drunk when he cut it up - worries scenes; scenes that seemed to be bad (but that could just be poor scenario). Actually, the director and the cinematographer - there were some strange shots and fragments that I think should have been a homage to Hitchcock or Browning, but it just got to look bad (again, well in a noir, but that try to be something else.) The whole thing may have been fun (in the way previous commentators mentioned - "OMG how did this?!") if I had the mood for a garbage bag from sins for me, I sat down on the couch with low lights, with the express intention of frightening me - it's a very poor film and I'm afraid I can not recommend it to people, not even to laugh. Please do not waste your time or money on this - either borrow a real horror movie or find a copy of Poe's fantastic stories, anyway, you'll have a much more enjoyable and scary night than you ever could get it with this garbage.
