The Scary 3 movie is not as fun as its predecessors, but it still has amusing moments. It all begins when reporter Cindy Campbell prepares to find a storyline in the middle of filming. It soon discovers a violent attack of threatening global events, including alien invaders, killer video tapes, strange culture circles, and more. Confronted with massive conspiracies and a team of very strange people watching her, Cindy must fight to prevent evil from taking over the world again. The plot is not a problem here, because the first two were much less a plot. This time, they focus on the signs, the ring, the recharged matrix and 8 miles, as well as many others, not as much as the above. The first one was one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second was not as good, but still quite funny. The third is easy, but it's nothing special. Let's say I did not bother to see it once, but I probably would not want to see it again. Banks are either hit or missing, and those that are funny usually involve Charlie Sheen. Winners usually involve Anthony Anderson, being overvalued. Why it continues to be distributed is unclear because it is not funny. Anna Faris offers an amusing interpretation and is also underestimated. Simon Rex has a potential because he was not that bad. Queen Hall also returns as Brenda and she offers quite funny interpretation. The rest of the song was almost a bunch of cousins. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the funniest scene in all the cameoes. In their opening sequence, spoofing The Ring and that scene turns out to be one of the most enjoyable in the movie. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others have also cameos. David Zucker leads and while he is not another plane, she is not another daughter of my boss. Its futility to really analyze a comedy as the main thing people want to know whether it's fun or not. As I said earlier, if you like it, you probably will not like it very much. Finally, it seemed a bit disappointing because the PG-13 rating weakens it, but it can still be nice. Rating 6.3 / 10
