I will begin to apologize to filmmakers everywhere for the use of "movie", "movie" or "movie" terms, but "murderer" and "crime against humanity" seem a bit tough. /> Scenario: pathetic. Directed by: pathetic. The act: pathetic. Cinematography: too ineffable for words. <br /> <br /> The technical skills used to assemble this atrocity: NEVER WHAT You may not be called cinema. Most family films are approaching winning this award than Revenge Quest. No, this is just a pack of 10 cars captured on video. We'll override the plot in this review because there are too many holes to cover at once. Let's just say it smells worse than the rest of this movie. Calling the one-dimensional act would have given them credit. Which is little, it's atrocious from the beginning and has become much worse than the terrible and editing movie. The most serious part of this atrocities, though, apart from the plot, should be the effects ... or rather, its disturbing lack. There are no gaps in the guns, there are no flashpots and some sound effects that existed were either "stock sounds" or were generated by the mouth (yes, you read this right). The director actually had the boldness of recording a sound "shh" for the elevator doors; I think he felt it made them look futuristic. This should be set in 2031, after all. That does not explain the sounds he created through his mouth for his fist fight scenes. However, if it was not bad that the sound quality is terrible (just used the microphone that was mounted on the camcorder, and looks), the use of stock gun sounds was almost worse than not using any sounds. The sound effects are remarked from the rest of the soundtrack as a yak beat in a flock of sheep and are just as embarrassing. Imagine this: The bad guy enters an office building looking for prey. A lady is starting to run. He raises his gun (a wet) and shakes it. I heard a sound that obviously is not a wet one. The woman runs away from the camera and suddenly a single bundle of blood (only 1) explodes on the back (looks like it was hit by a paintball) and collapses on the face. I remember that my description makes too much justice to the ineptitude of the current sequence. In another sequence, one that almost - but not enough - makes the movie quite fun to look, takes place on a scale. The bad guy is following the good guy and the lady who protects him on the stairs, shaking the plastic uzi all the way. You may want to duck; there are very little sound effects that fly everywhere. We assumed that Alan DeHerrera could not be locked up to conceive of this wreck, but followed up on editing and deliverance. If there is any justice, there will be a karma there with its name on it. If you decide to look at this piece of industrial waste - and I would strongly advise against it - be sure you look for the whole high-rise scene near Bladerunner and AM radio that doubles like a walkie-talkie. Try not to concentrate too much on the plot; it will hurt you more if you do it. 0 stars out of 10. And that's generous.
