Another FINE EXERCISE by the most acclaimed American director. His knowledge of racism is STAGGERING, and impresses me on many levels. The accusations that Lee is indeed a small racist, a poisonous dwarf exploiting the opportunism of Hollywood's affirmative action system to make inferior quality films is absolutely NONSENSE, the mere propaganda of the Wing. The very idea that Lee would resort to abuse of the current political correctness climate in America to produce hate anti-white films is simply bad and malicious. Some of Lee's detractors go so far as to suggest that GOTB glorifies African Americans while also casting other races: obviously, another FALSEHOOD broadcast by people who are AGAINST peaceful coexistence between the different breeds in America and other part. My favorite scene in the movie is an early dialogue between the rich Republican black and the others on the bus. The views presented by that man are simply irregular - everywhere. 100% UNTRUE. He LAKKS education, unlike intelligent INFORMED guys who pretty DESERVEDLY throw him off the bus. TERRICIC performances, and an INTELLIGENT script make for a viewing experience that has been RARELY rivaled by any political films ever made. <br /> <br /> I also want to stress LIES incessantly that March only had 80,000 people taking part in it! (And now all you have to do is take the antonyms of all the capitalized words ...) So what message does Lee send here? If someone does not agree with your political opinions, just apply violence and throw it out of the bus. I thought the movie said "take the bus" ...? Apparently Mr.Lee is for segregation by bus, after all, that is, no different from the KKK madmen in front of him: the bus is only for those blacks who are in line with the Democratic Party's line of thought. So much for the "liberation of slaves" ... Final credits: "This film was entirely funded by blacks". And distributed and marketed by a leading Hollywood-led Jewish and White studio that Farrakhan despises ...
