At first I was disgusted by the director Sun-Woo Jang because I felt he had cheated on me. Jang had the potential to create a powerful and deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people, but chose to focus his power on the pornographic element more than the real human element. Could not I see the characters at first and its useless input, which mixed both realism and cinema, was at best amateur? yet this film stayed in my mind for a few days after I saw it. What remained with me was not the story, not the characters or the apparent pornographic nature of the film, but the transition Jang demonstrated between Y and J. If you watch this movie carefully, you will see that both begin in a phase exploration of their relationship, eager to jump into the unknown but not very sure next step. As he continues to meet, exploring new ways of pleasure, he continues to jump between the aggressor and the aggressor. Jang initially explores the idea that J is the one who, in control of the situation, then scary, the reversal happens when J becomes obsessed with Y. It is a very small change, and because of the graphic content of this film, it is missed, but it is there. It seems almost clear when J can not live with Y because their encounters are becoming less frequent and J is trying to become a part of normal society. This was a huge and very interesting element for this movie to see right in front of your eyes, but unfortunately it was the only element of this movie worth watching. I will ignore those who talk about this film as nothing more than pornographic because there are human elements at the heart of this film, as they are underdeveloped as they are, are there. It is a film about a facet of our life, which is rarely explored in cinematography or discussed in newspapers. What is happening behind closed doors is never known? or so we should believe. While the act itself repeats itself after a while, director Jang tries to change it a bit with some constantly changing landscapes. Our characters move continuously from the hotel room to the hotel room to best extinguish their thirst for the other's meat. It's fun at first, but again, Jang's repetitive trajectory seems to make him feel more boring than interesting. This leads me to the biggest problem I have had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (beyond the obvious option to focus directly on the pornographic side) it was that he made scenes, repeated them several times, without changing in front of us allows us to get to know the characters. Where did Jang go with this movie? Wanted sex to tell stories or thought the characters would be? He failed in this, because by the end of the movie we know so little about Y and J that they might be less interested in how they solve themselves. The finale seems almost at random at best, because Jang is trying to create a final resolution for the two unknowns of this film. I have to give Jang a credit because I'm trying, but not too much. He tried to create some sub-stories that would create the personal element that I lacked, but they could not freeze together. Y's brother and J's wife were those plotting points, but again, because he focused so strongly on the sexual element, these more powerful sub-stories became irrecoverable and boring. Maybe we saw this movie, but outside the sexual scenes, nothing else worked together. I did not know anything about J and Y and that's why Gojitmal failed. Finally, I would like to say that this movie could have benefited from a strong score or remote music item bringing our viewers closer to the emotions felt by J and Y. From what I remember and try to push this movie away from my mind, I do not remember any musical subtlety. Gojitmal might have been a stronger film if Jang, whether he stylized it with music, or did something to hint at the beings of our character. Although I understood that she wanted sex to speak for itself, it was just a technical element missing from this film, which may have extinguished a stronger desire for more. From a technical point of view, it was a poor film. Obviously, an independent film in nature, it was rather like Jang's director tried to make symbolic references from anything in place of your type of personality. I have not seen so much a social message or a human element as mentioned above, I felt like throwing this movie together over the next two weeks and realizing that sex would sell it enough. This was not a production of Larry Clark; this was sub-par and it took some additional technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final version! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think I would have liked this movie and there were smaller elements that I enjoyed, but I felt that this movie was rushed, repeated and played too much towards taboo, instead of breaking them. The obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen in the final scene of this film when we are aware of how the title of this film was conceived. Our characters were unequivocal, our story was underdeveloped and we could use something memorable to make what happened between Y and J in something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang tries too much to capture the art house meets pornography? and did not fail. It was not a movie worth the time and effort it did to make it. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** of *****
