This movie is a rather strange combination of music, romance, drama and crime, with a film-noir smell. It's actually a mess of different genres, none of which works as it should. This movie is an attempt by Mickey Rooney to be taken more seriously as an actor. She is a former child, who has always been present in happy comic and musical productions at the beginning of her career. In this film he chooses a different approach (although the musical aspects are still present in the film). But his role is actually pretty ridiculous in the movie. You mean Mickey Rooney as a tough player? He's a very young man, boy. In fact, he was already 30 years old at the time of the film, but it looks more like 16 years old. By hearing him call babe to women and hearing hard talk with gangsters that are about 3 times bigger than he just does not look and feel good. He is simply not convincing in his role. Because the film combines so many different genres, the story also feels very comfortable. Somewhere in him there is a murder plot and somewhere there is a romantic plot of plot and one about living your dream, but nothing of it really works because of the disordered approach and manipulation of all. It's just not an interesting or persuasive movie to watch. László Kardos is also a director who made only 10 films during his lifetime, despite the fact that his career period took place between 1935 and 1957. He was probably a director who is having difficulty entering in industry and, while being offered a smaller script to work with. His films are all unknown and they are also not of too high quality. Let's also not forget that this is a movie from the 1950s, but still feels more like one of the 1940s or perhaps one of the 1930s. This is, of course, due to the fact that this film was shot in black and white. In general, black and white films in the 1950s often have a low-priced feeling and this film is no exception. It's a strange vision to see Mickey Rooney and Louis Armstrong and his band as themselves together in a sequence. It was not Armstrong's only film and he would often appear in these types of movies, often simply as himself. I think jazz lovers can enjoy more and more of this film because of their music, because there is quite a lot in this movie. The film actually received an Oscar nomination for the best original song. A little inconvenient movie and an exit from Mickey Rooney. <br /> 4/10
