POTENTIALLY MINOR PUBLICITY <br /> <br /> This movie is billed as the first Russian horror movie. Unfortunately, as far as I'm concerned, "The Witch" (his Russian title) will take a place of dishonesty in the horror film of Russia. It is based on the story of Nikolai Gogol "Viy", which is a classic in Russia. "Based" is the key word here because it is not necessary to get familiar with the story. Instead, the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> It is a unique production, because we are quite accustomed to the directors who take stories from other cultures and adapt them to our own culture. The reward of American film remixes is a prime example, but Sturgess turned Kurosawa's Seven Samurai into The Magnificent Seven with splendid results, and Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare's Macbeth to Japan to make an incredibly strong Throne in the blood, a Ran wandering. However, with The Witch, we have Russians who are transplanting a classic Russian story to American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English in order to copy it in English using American actors and have relatively synchronous lip movements. <br /> <br /> As a natural consequence, lost is the colorful Ukrainian background for the story, comes a small expensive American city apparently raised from an outdated manual manual of horror. Gone was an angry seminar Khoma Brutus, but we have a strange journalist who is about to win the Pullitzer Prize and who also writes about X-Files events and attends Miss Boobs contests. (I never thought the Pullitzer prize was given for that type of writing, now I'm humiliated). In strange indignation of Russia, the journalist is called Ivan Berkhoff. He should have called John Smith, because it is impossible to be more hackneyed, clichéd and generic than this movie. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff goes to a town called Castleville, gets stuck on a dirty road, returns until he finds a dilapidated house and is rather unacquired by an old crone. All this, accompanied by a radio announcement about the forces of evil being their most powerful, and people better live inside and avoid water. Should I mention that it really rains hard? After some scary scenes that laughed at me, the story finds our journalist dressed as a priest, he is mistaken by a priest and the local sheriff tells him that her daughter, who died after being brutally attacked, wanted the new priest to pray for her three nights. At this point, the action is supposed to start. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything, from dialogue to the proposition department. The dialogue I heard in Russian was clearly written initially in English and was compiled exclusively from the cliches and platitudes selected from American films. The actors were clearly fighting with English, because the synchronization of their speech was full of labor and unnatural, and the Russian duplication followed the example. The act is largely atrocious, and not only because actors believe it is often difficult to speak, but because they have nothing to approach a series of facial expressions. For the most part, they are just bare or want to be. The only exceptions are the sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​an Estonian assassin, and Arnis Lizitis, who plays a wheelchair, a resident of Castleville. Oh, and a cock, of course, which is absolutely natural on the camera! I know the actors complain about being supported by dogs and cats, but when Nikolaev is supported by a cock, it is a sad testimony of the general quality of acting in the film. There was no scary moment in the whole movie, and no single original moment existed in the movie. Keep in mind that this comment comes from someone who does not experience horror. The film is full of standard moves used in the horror film at the beginning of the genre. At a critical moment, the camera stops lovingly on a kerosene lamp. The lamp goes off immediately. He must have seen some horror movies. An example of supreme idiom comes at another time, a character jumps from a tub and goes to the camera. It has something that looks like a canvas! She's no more idiotic than that! Those in Russia who liked it say they should have been announced as a mystical thriller. I was not delighted either. It was a run from start to finish. I was especially pleased that the entire population of the small town behaved as if they knew they were living in a horror film, except they were not sure whether they had zombies or not. Therefore, some of them acted zombies as if. <br /> <br /> The film makers say it's about finding faith. Such a beautiful collection of idiotic actions, badly made moments and, yes, clichés, do not deserve to be about finding faith. The film is so detailed and completely fake that it deserves to be just an exhibition in a wax museum.
