What is here? Let me tell you. It's his presence (Alec Baldwin). He is not a great actor, but maybe a beautiful star, with some good movies, which is not one of them. He did nothing here more than anything he did before or after. So let's not talk (literally!) The problem (Steve McQueen) being in the same role in the original, because I do not want to make this comparison first. I'm not a big fan or even a fan of (Kim Basinger), she has a lot of bad movies on her and even at her best she looks average! And she gets on my nerve really, whenever I talk about her seductive rare beauty! If a blonde would make someone addictive, then I will dye my hair in yellow as soon as possible! And what is all the folly that Basinger's feet have! Is it certainly madness or bad tasting? Because I do not see both of them both so sexy and UGLY! And if you hate it, so I shoot, but you know what? I just watched this movie, so I'm already dead! Still, what would really make you do in an unbearable way is that none of the credits go to the one they deserve the most? And, of course, I mean (Jennifer Tilly). Now we're talking about a real true seductive chicken with such an unforgettable body and a unique feeling of allusion to a ugly brunette (Marilyn Monroe), though much healthier! (I can not help her, it was the only new thing to follow here!). (Michael Madsen), as a bad man, was fascinating and was more efficient than the good boys (James Woods) to sum up the start-up events near the pool (so the trailer will be his voice later!) And he knew before everything was a Hollywood thing, so "Doing it, get your money and good luck as an actor in other movies!", editing gave the film a serious personality along with the violent atmosphere of a glamorous cinema, the main goods they (action, thrill, ...) are here and quite well done, although any echo for profound meanings about (types of betrayal) as the main dramatic reason of the whole thing is not so strong do not wait. Of course, it's all in any other remake without anything special (except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!) So I think I've been trying to be objective as long as I can not end my review by saying that (Basinger) .. It would be an insult because it is sincere. Everything is better than this movie!
