I did not see this movie in the past, but she realized that I would comment it anyway, especially because the memory of not liking it so much is burned in my memory cells. The original THE GETAWAY had no prize, but at least it had been awarded 1) a film by Sam Peckinpah, 2) by Steve McQueen, Ben Johnson and Slim Pickens, 3) it was a relatively painless way to throw one hour to one hour and half a time. By comparison, the 1994 version happens as little more than a piece of vanity for the then hot red Alec Baldwin and his wife to be divorced soon, Kim Basinger. McQueen and his wife, Allie McBride, also broke up as soon as their version was made and one could imagine the Baldwinians to their marriage counselor who wondered who the bad idea of ​​making this film is. > Let's say and get out of the way - Alec Baldwin has never been and will never be close to Cooler King and one of the reasons why this remake troubles me so much is the perceived arrogance from Baldwin to assume that you are causing memory Steve McQueen's lead role. As somebody else points out, Peckinpah's 1972 vision of the film was a piece of satire meant to generate a parody of the kind of action / adventure. Instead, Baldwin, Bassinger and the company seem to be trying to evoke a more serious tone, only with the characters of Michael Madsen and James Woods, who do not face each other as real people. The film is also decisively spirited and unlikeable at a fundamental level that is difficult to put into words. A view was more than enough, not just because it had nothing new to offer but how insignificant it was. Peckinpah's movie was in fact an elegant entertainment that had an optimistic mood, in which this version is a slogan that takes too long to reach little or nothing. There is no artistic urgency for its existence and some of the more uncomfortable scenes are so awkward that they make the movie difficult to enjoy. So I do not know, it was probably one of the movies that helped initiate a wave of big, useless, artistic, damn budget remakes, sustained around a name-actress actress, which in itself is not a very good thing . I have always seen a film producer at least trying to come up with a new idea for a movie and fall flat with something original. This film made me want to take my eyebrows and it is revealed that, in the next 15 years since launch, Mr. Baldwin has become widely known as one of Hollywood's biggest jerks. Thank God for Team America because you put him in his place. 3/10
