Renowned cinema Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) directs this horror movie / drama pretty badly. England's England Center has a different view of how medical practice should be treated than Dr. Thomas Rock, the law stipulating that only hanging criminals' bodies can be studied and experimented. But the stock of these bodies is a small one, and Rock needs more - and they prefer fresher ones. Being a man in the circle, he starts to pay people to find bodies for him to study and test. Desperate by sleazebags Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom receive the wind of this job and start killing people and selling these Rock Corpses. Naturally, this kind of action has even more serious consequences than practice on non-criminal corpses and leads to problems for everyone. While the whole story sounds interesting on paper, almost everything about The Doctor And The Devils is laughing. After the first fifteen minutes of the movie you are already starting to question your decision to sit down to watch the movie. The whole aspect of the movie is just ugly. Seeing how the film was playing in the slums of England during the 19th century, filmmakers probably had a "ugly" look, but they did not do it artistically. Everything from sets to cinema looks just cheap, weak and disgusting. Also, almost every scene is full of something you just can not take seriously, and most of the time it's about someone (both in small roles and big roles) doing something which seems or seems ridiculous. Francis did not help his actors much. Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea sing the twisted friends of the movie, Fallon and Broom, and are very bombastic, but very bad. Their characters are crazy, but Pryce and Rea overcome their parts to death. They have particular problems to keep the same emphasis from shot to shot - Pryce in particular goes from Cockney to Irish to Long John Silver to a kind of lagoon creature and so on and so on. It's also a humorous lure to see Twiggy in this movie, not to mention a street drama, because she can not act to save her life (though her song during final credits is not that funny ). The boy has certainly come a long way: from "the power of the flower" to "I get my clothes for a shillin"! As bad as the three actors in this film, Julian Sands takes home the film's worst performance prize. He is just the lame he makes, giving a laughing test after another, depicting anger, love, happiness, anxiety - choose an emotion, any emotion! <br /> <br /> There is only one good thing about The Doctor and the Devils: Timothy Dalton's show by Dr. Rock. Although it is surrounded by cinematographic sewers, Dalton is quite excellent; offering an electric portrayal of an exaggerated but still good man. Too bad the rest of the movie could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton.
