Drawing retention 9. dir: Matthew Barney. How do you know when you are in the middle of a pretentious art film? Is there only 8 rows of dialogue in 140 minutes of film? When Bjork bears a huge pita on her head in a pseudo-Asian ritual? Perhaps when using mammoth and spine columns in a whale blob experiment. Or, when are you ready to kill the composer because he made a minimal and yet annoying version of Philip Glass? In any case, Drawing Restraint 9 is among the most demanding of modern art films. At 135 minutes, it adds to its claim, being a boring boot. I call the amazing use of colors, and the opening sequence is interesting, but the rest of the movie seemed to have been filmed for a Discovery Channel documentary. That until they seem to have tried to film their version of P-ss Christ, but that will come later. In fact, the documentary-esquire portions were the best parts of it. The surface refers to a whaling vessel, and then there is a ritual to make whale fat. Then there are the guests in the form of Bjork and Matthew Barney, who are admitted to the ship through a humbling ritual that includes shaving (boys boy brothers), nicotine patches and giant pita hats. Then there is mutual evisceration, cannibalism, and does not allow to forget the gigantic turd. Matthew Barney wrote that it is about "the relationship between self-imposed strength and creativity." That's almost like saying, "If you do not understand, then you're not creative in your interpretation, so you're not creative, because I'm an artist." Wait, that's the POST-modern interpretation of this sentence and what the movie would be if it was post-modern. But, it should be modern art. What refers to art itself. So, let's start this whole interpretation, right? The following lines are only 3/4 grave and should not be considered as a realistic attempt to play the film. The first half hour refers to pearl divers and the construction of a huge ramp. Obviously, the ramp is symbolic of the need to self-lift any standards you hold dear, and pearl divers look for wisdom pearls. Then, on a whaling ship, I build a box that looks as if it were in the form of a whale. Obviously, a gross prefiguration element. On the ship, make whale fat in the shape of the whale and remove the fin section. They replace this with a spine and later a giant crow. These should be the state of the movie itself. When her fat, fun, but bad for you. When it's the backbone, the "important" parts of the movie, or the backbone, so to speak. Then, the huge giant is the heart of the movie, or when the movie is bad. Bjork and Matthew Barney arrive on separate ships, they are put in strange humorous kits that DO NOT HAPPY OR SYMMETRIC, someone suspect they have run away and Barney is trying to quit smoking. So they put it on patches. They go through a ritual and learn about a ship from a wise Japanese who tells them that the ship is shaken since another ship hit it; an accident or an intersection if you want. This inspires Bjork and Barney, who are different from outside, to start cutting their legs and eating them so that they can turn into whales and be the same person. Intersects. Oh, I forgot to mention that this was done in a video of Robbie Williams? Then the pearl divers are coming back with their mouths full of knowledge pearls that they have dropped to make a bad Venn chart. Barney made it clear through the geometry of the 8th grade. Or maybe at least some social studies. And I forgot Bjork's ear who wants to kill her - her score? Sometimes it's hypnotic, but in others you just want to assassinate her. Art film is one thing, but when you're just throwing all sorts of symbolism, hoping to get a reaction from people, it becomes a self-destructive joke. When you cross the line between becoming a joke in terms of art? Dali and Bunuel often made surreal nonsense pieces, but they were more consistent and / or fun than this piece of garbage. An Chien Andalou had the sensibility of raising as much symbolism in less than half an hour. So can I recommend this? Only if you like boring HIGH ART movies with lots of symbols and flat pictures. D +
