I can appreciate what Barney is trying to do, but after I last night at a cinema, I could not think ... when it's over? A long and cumbersome two hours and fifteen minutes. I just saw some of Cremaster 3 on DVD and I thought I knew what to expect. That being said, experimental films such as these are better digested in small increases. There are some beautiful / horrible images ... including the sequence of titles (no joke), but if you come into it waiting for any kind of plot or understanding, then you are on a long, funny walk. I managed to stay awake for everything (if it is a compliment), but most of the time I was expecting a kind of meaning or narrative ... a big mistake. The collection of images includes a very ornamented gift wrapping ceremony, the creation of a disgusting saucer of what appears to be a jelly petal shaped with a biscuit cutter and sprinkled with shrimp (this is served to the ship's crew shown on the whole movie), a big blubber cheesecake with a big tentacle placed in its center, and the mutual evisceration of Bjork and director Matthew Barney, culminating in a kind of bizarre communion, followed by their transformation in whales like whales. The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even maddening. At one point, there is a song performed by Bjork to go along with the ephemeral rituals that are sung before us, and there is only a constant passage of a high instrument that we see a mysterious woman playing at the beginning and end of the movie. If this seems to make no sense, it's because it's NOT! If it sounds like a cup of tea, then I'll LOVE it! If it sounds like something you probably do not like, stay away from it, because you'll probably be out of the theater during the semester like a few people at the screening I attended. This is the very definition of an art film. You get from him what you got from it. But, otherwise, there is not much there, other than a few weirdness and constant rituals of construction and deconstruction. I'm glad there's a place for such movies, but I can not say I'd like to stay over again. However, I can not say I do not want to see one of Barney Cremaster's films from start to finish and compare it with that. I think perhaps I now know what to expect to enjoy a little more. To give you an idea of ​​what kind of understanding this movie has, I would probably like it better if I had been stoned. Then, again, he might have felt twice as much as he would have been, and then he would have really become weighted. Certainly not for everyone.
