Winter Kills is a terrible, incoherent and very disappointing comic-thriller from the little-known director William Richert. As I watched the movie, I felt honest as if I had been Emperor in the classic fable of the Emperor's new apparel. The movie made me feel like a madman, because I could not make the head and tail of the serpentine plot and the meaningless characters. But I felt embarrassed enough to admit that the movie tied my brain to the knots. So I stayed with her all the way, hoping that the whole confused misery would unfold itself. Then I realized ... that the film IS DRAWED to be a serpentine, meaningless and illogical, because that's all. This is a satirical look at conspiracy theorists and theorists, sharing the plot used as a metaphor for the truism of truths, the half truths, and the lies defining any conspiracy. Even when I realized the joke was on me, I felt that Winter Kills was a terrible movie. Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of a former US president who was assassinated in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims to have shot the president and provides detailed information about where he hid the gun. Nick looks for clues, but every step of the way people who help him seem to die in mysterious circumstances. Also, his father, Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgusting rich businessman, continues to interfere with Nick's investigation. The more he grows in his assassination, the more Nick finds himself descending into a network of complex lies and red herring, where nothing seems like it seems and nobody can be trusted. is a total nightmare that you have to watch and in many ways it is not worth trying to follow for the reason mentioned above that it deliberately interferes. The cast is filled with extraordinary talent, but most are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most unnecessary cameo roles in cinematic history; Elizabeth Taylor seems unbelieving and has no single line of dialogue; Richard Boone is given what appears to be an interesting role, but his character does not go anywhere. John Huston has the best role of powerful patriarch and gives us some nice moments of the movie with his fierce delivery. Anthony Perkins also has a creepy role and he does well, although his screen time is too short to fully render the character right. Some nudity and sex scenes are cast for some real reason, and while they are quite graphic and could attract voyeurs, they really belong to another movie. The film is the semi-comic climax and is disappointing but paradoxically memorable in its odd way. There is obviously a worship audience there somewhere for Winter Kills ... but I will not count among his number.
