Spoiler below, but read on or you will never know the horrible fate that awaits all planing to rent "Rodentz". On a moon night, in a remote laboratory of research, a major medical breakthrough is about to have deadly results. A chemical compound that was created to "hunt and destroy" deadly cancer cells leaked from the hazardous waste disposal system in the basement of the building. At present, the rodents involved in the upstream laboratory experiment are not the only rats in the plant that will become the modified species. Professor Schultz, an important biological researcher, has just determined that adding a new enzyme now allows his hunting and destruction to regenerate for the time needed to neutralize deadly cancerous tumors. When three different grades of the new mixture are given to three different rats, and the rest pour down the defective sink "Risk of waste", shocking side effects lead to a night of terror ..... right ..... < br /> <br /> Really, this is probably the worst movie I've seen this year. Everything about him calls "Low-budget!", From the terrible action to the special effects that are some of the worst I've ever seen. The characters are cliché dead and act in silly and predictable ways: walking in dark hallways looking for a cat, dropping and falling so that the "rats" catch up with them, embark on a small room, etc. /> <br /> While some movies are made inexpensive, this film takes the cake. Every possible corner is cut off, everything from reuse of previous photos, shooting Lab Labs from different angles to make it look bigger (That reminds me - why were there only two boys working in this massive building? music and special effects that could be made on a PC for children's workshops. That brings me to the worst aspect of this pile of steam - special effects. Just terrible. Rats generated by the computer look so fake and highlighted in every scene, so even the most amazing of movie lovers can see they are computer generated. And the giant rat suit - Oh, my God !!!!!!!! seriously, should we think the beany baby frenzy is a monster? Only pitiful ........ In the better part, some of the gore looks pretty cold, especially given the budget. <br /> <br /> Actors all suck. no one was involved in the careless production or knew what they were doing. We've lost enough time with the review, take my advice, it's garbage. 1/10. About DVD: shuffling, sound is accessible and there is a piece of commentary on the disc by the director and two of his friends who say they had absolutely nothing to do with making the movie but they were there to ask questions and make comments. All three primordial sub-human substrates are so incredibly stupid that they should be institutionalized before they can injure themselves or others. I do not want to waste your time on my reader, because I start to remember more than I want about this movie ..... DVD Rating: 1/10.
