Altered specimens begin on a Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his lab assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) burn midnight oil while continuing to try and perfect a new revolutionary medicine called " Rejenacyn ". As Walter advises on the latest failed attempt at the sink, the pipes flow out of the flusive green fluid into the basement where lab rats escape to drink ... Five of Walter's friends, Alicia (Leah Rown in a very attractive suit Gary Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide they worked too hard and have to get out, so they plan to take it and spend the night away. Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed by the rats that died now in the basement, while Walter injects the last batch of serum into a laboratory rat, which bursts out of the cage while rising at an amazing rate. Walter returns, but he can not leave while the rat is still missing, so everyone helps him look for it. All six become potential rat foods. Also known as Rodentz Altered Species was co-edited and directed by Miles Feldman & has very few to recommend. Scenography producer Serge Rodnunsky is weak and coupled with the general misery of overall Altered Species production is really lame. For starters, the characters are stupid, annoying and clingy. Then there is the non-original plot with the mad scientist, the monster he created, the isolated location, the human tower left and the final mandatory show between the hero and the monster. Everything is here somewhere. Altered Species is moving along a fair pace, which is just about the best thing I can say about it and, fortunately, it does not last so long. It's basically your average mutant rat film and it's not particularly good at it. Director Feldman's film is like a TV movie and everything is very weak and forgetful while some of the special effects & scenes of attack leave much to be desired. To begin with, CGI rats are terrible, attack sequences contain movement movements and rapid changes to try and hide the fact that all rats are just passive. At different points in Alterate Species, the rat cages must shake because of the rat movement, but you can clearly see all the rats standing there as someone shakes the cages on the screen. The giant rat monster at the end seems to be pretty poor because it's just a guy in a dodgy suit. Is there no fear, no tension or atmosphere, and since the basements have bright neon light? There are one or two beautiful pieces of gore here, someone has a big disordered hole where the face was accustomed, there is an overturned arm and decapitation, a lot of rat bites, a person who hit the eyeballs and a dead dead cat. <br /> The technically modified species are under-standard throughout. It takes place within a building, it has cheap CGI effects and low production values. The act is not up to much, but it's not too bad and a special mention for Leah Rowan that Alicia as she is a bit of a babe and makes Altered Species just that a bit nicer and easier to watch ... <br / > <br /> <br /> "Altered Species" is not a particularly good movie, actually it's pretty bad, but I assume you could do worse. It's not great, but it's worth an hour, if not too demanding and you have nothing else to do.
