Nell Shipman must have been paid a great deal of money to promote the off-road capabilities of Maxwell. The movie is quite simple, Nell plays a writer who has a bad case of the writer and needs inspiration, so he goes to Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There he meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who chooses to drive a car, rather than riding a horse. While Nell visits with his father's partner in his mining camp, a band of local bandits kidnaps her and takes her to the camp deep in the wilderness. The hero needs to get to it quickly, so he decides to drive there in the car. Here the movie has a strange twist. Bert continues to drive over any imaginable terrain, huge rocks, small currents, heavy brushes, cracked tree drops, steep slopes etc. etc for most of the movie to see this car struggling to crawl over obstacles. Now, remember, it's not a modern ATV, it's a Maxwell car since 1920, so it seems to be a very off-road vehicle off-site. And, of course, he has limitations for some of the land he meets, we get to see him blocked several times in this movie. But the directors have made efforts to show that he has beaten his chances and managed to get through all the obstacles. Once the hero arrives in the hidden camp and saves the girl, he jumps in the car with her and moves away with the bandits in the hot pursuit (on the horse), and at this point it has become more and more dizzying to me. Seeing that this car rolls slowly over huge rocks, blocking in gravel and mountain brush, going back and forth to get enough impulse to cross the limbs of the fallen tree, the bandits would have had enough time to catch follow. But they never do, even if we have to believe that this pursuit of the savage passes overnight. And at a climax, the car climbs up a mountain and helps Nell and the hero push a huge boulder down to crush the bandits pursued. After seeing this movie, do you think the army should invest in the Maxwell cars in 1920, because they clearly have better terrain capabilities than the combined Hummers and Bradley tanks. Watch this movie just for laugh, it's just worth seeing Nell cuddling up to the car grill and saying, "You made your best, brave little car"
