For me, the only reason I looked at this remake was to see how bad and fun it might be. There was no doubt that it was fun and bad, because I saw "Voyna i mir" (1968). Let's begin? Here we go ... Pierre Bezukhov, Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison - a weak man who does not have the depth of the original; Robert Dornhelm and Natasha Rostova from Brendan Donnison - a scarecrow, her image can cause insomnia; Robert Dornhelm and Andrew Bolkonsky from Brendan Donnison - a good incarnation that, like the weak one, does not have the depth of a Russian soul and "struggles in"; Robert Dornhelm and Napoleon by Brendan Donnison - a rather unimpressed leader; Robert Dornhelm and Breckan Donnison's Bolkonsky Prince - an English-faced turret; Robert Dornhelm and Count Bezukhov from Brendan Donnison - a strange spice show ... <br /> <br /> The rest of the characters are not much better. The movements of the actors and the way they look and talk are often atrocious. They behave like modern European citizens dressed for a one-day masking. Everything seems cheap and never approaches the standards of our Russian men and women in the early nineteenth century. A good piece of fun to explore and have fun. We had pretty chicks in our office when we remembered this modern product that was shown the previous evening on our TV. "" User Rating: 8.0 / 10 (29 votes) "- I think many young people have never watched our movie (Voyna i mir 1968) or have a strange" Tarantino-Spielberg "sense. when our hussar saves his friend, he returns, shoots, and the bridge goes to his arms? It seems to have been a CGI explosion. There is no sense and no craft to make a better version of the novel that but I'd be glad to see a Russian remake about "Gone with the Wind." Hey, directors, wake up and be busy with that, instead of destroying our classics. The strange banners that are trying to pass for the Russians (while participating in very serious epochs and dramas) is a rude mistake and the producers do this mistake again and again that it results in many laughs - especially Clemence Poesy is uncomfortable ridiculous, and her dance and singing make a Russian spectator think, "This is so big that it's funny!"). To say something new, I would like to mention the rhythm of the film. In my opinion, this new version is very uneven. Narrative and scenes do not naturally flow - they bathe and appear in a modern movie. Again, I have to remember "Voyna i mir", where the action is so natural, and narration is so easy that you simply relax and enjoy "going with the flow." the struggle at Borodino would be great (somehow to rehabilitate many drawbacks), but it turned out not to be a fit for the 1968 scenes of war. After all, there should be something good in this movie. And here it is. The actors seem to try hard to do everything. They did not have a chance from the start, but they joined the team of the "lost." Plus 1 point for that carelessness. It makes an uncomfortable Russian spectator - some scenes are ridiculously ironic, though they are meant to be dramatically strong and the actors do their best. Everything evokes pity and sometimes laughs. What I still like about this series is the last part of it. She looks very alive as everyone receives "salary and taxes". In addition, judging by the trailers of the movie, I thought the film would have an adult sex scene that would certainly kill the whole project. But, fortunately, he does not have such garbage. And that's a big plus. "Voyna i Mir" is not "Harry Potter," and today, even today, here in today's Russia, we do not have enough trades to shoot properly. Do I have to say that the moral quality of our lives has deteriorated a lot? Fortunately, during our Soviet times, a suitable movie was seen. The American version of the 1950s was justified to some extent - ours did not yet exist. 4 out of 10 (1 point is given from the beginning, 1 point goes for insecurity and 2 points for the last part of the series.) Thank you for your attention.
