to create a cinematic audience - I am surely amazed at the number of positive comments that this bloody movie has gathered here. I can not tell, I can not even be suspicious of the back row payments to the critics who interpret Annette Bening for an Oscar; the hole in the kitchen ceiling could be attributed more appropriately to her chewing scene. She is a wonderful actress, but this performance is, unfortunately, unbalanced, lacking in the fact that essential quality filmmakers have to master the cadence of the script and maintain it during the disjunctive madness that is filming. I really do not want to blame Miss Bening or most other artists (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her musical work), however, because it's a terrible adaptation, a case classic misspelling I suppose I did not read the book and I do not think I will do it after that). The script introduces us in the midst of suffering inconsistent behavior and extreme emotional emotion that breaks out of mysterious characters who have not developed relationships with us or with others. It quickly becomes a tsunami excess grotesque assault that characterizes both the characters and the audience and left me as a survivor who shook my head to the left detritus at the end of each repetitive episode. Shock and awe would describe my reaction to the bipolar, bipolar fluctuations of mood between courage and sensitivity so quiet, the latter telegraphed by one of the most irritating, manipulative, soundtracks I've heard - that is, when all these are not set to ridiculously incongruous toons - things of the epoch, you know, but chosen with an amazing misunderstanding for the tone of the scene. How this fine distribution has been mixed up in this I know - I can not believe they saw the script before signing up. She certainly applies her engagement skills - I thought it awful bad for the wonderful Jill Clayburgh, adorned with a suit and a wig with a cartoon bag, trying in vain to get something of importance from the clitoral and clichéed dialogue. Instead, in a way, Alec Baldwin rises above the material to deliver a consistent, nuanced and real performance. Can anyone give this man a major role in substance, please? And how about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? You would think the industry could use it better, and not look like a dwarf like Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My vote? A bloody, good, but no connection to the sky.
