Practically, take the concept of every ghost film of Asian horror and destroy it in one and get this movie. The story goes like this: a bunch of college kids receive voice messages from their own phones, which predicts their death. There are some s *** that happen with ghosts, which, if you've seen any ghost movie in Asia, is not scary so far. This movie was pretty upsetting because it is very cliché. It's the same bullcrap, a different movie. The actor was pretty good. Unfortunately, the actors are in a very ringy situation, so there is nothing I have not seen in the past. The two main acts have done a solid job. <br /> <br /> As for the gorilla, there is not much going on. We have a cold sequence that includes an arm twisting the head (I do not know how else to explain this), but it was cut so that you see nothing but the final result. See sometimes blood, including decapitated and zombie weapons (which look great to be added), but this movie is not too bloody. The furies in the film are scarce and are scattered, and indeed it is not so scary. You still have some creepy images, but it's not enough to think scary. There's nothing different from Ringu, Ju-On or Dark Water, and neither of them scared me. That's really the fall of this movie (and most Asian horror movies) is that if it does not give birth then it's not so good. As for the direction, Takashi Miike has still done a pretty good job. He seemed a little tame in this film, compared to his previous films, but still portrayed his style in which he became famous. A lot of images were very similar to Miike (including a scene with a bunch of deadly fetuses), and the last 15-20 minutes seemed much more to Miike than to the rest of the movie. Still, the film is damaged by its non-originality. I would recommend this only to those who are immense in Asian horror movies (even if you are, I can recommend much better) or Miike's big fans. Warning for those who want to enter Miike, this is not his best work. I give it a 4 because it's just mediocre. Perhaps, if this was released 4 or 5 years ago, it might merit a higher rating. I would also like to b **** about real Asian real-world horror movies. Why, if it's an Asian horror film, is it supposedly automatic that it's good here (USA)? Many of these films are equivalent in Japan to what Scream, Urban Legends and what you did last summer were here in the '90s. If you've seen one you've seen all over. And many of these films rely too much on the scarecrows and images that if they do not give birth they wanted to do it then they are not so good and nothing would change that. More Asian horror movies have to be more like the audition and the story of two sisters, two movies that, if they do not scare you or scare you, at least they have wonderful stories, act, direct, cinema and much more to supports them. Two films that are not just terrible movies but great movies in general. More Asian horror movies have to be like these instead of a cliché: "A ghost just wanted to be found, so it went by killing people by phone / video cassette / home / electric appliance / water pipes / search engine google / vibrator / / etc ".
