When attempting to kill Emir Ohtar, an Arab potent who visits Washington, D.C., his life is saved by a cocktail waitress called Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity, and as a reward, she is offered a job for the State Department Protocol Section of the United States. The State Department official who offers the job has a hidden agenda. A map that we see shows Ohtar at the borders of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in a barren desert area known as Rub al-Khali or the empty neighborhood. In real life, a country in this location would have a near zero population and practically zero strategic value, but for the purposes of the film we must accept that Ohtar has a huge strategic importance in the Cold War and that the US government, who are eager to build a military base there, must do everything in its power to preserve the good part of its leader. Apparently Emir took a fantasy for the attractive woman who saved him and reached an agreement with the State Department; they can have their basis provided that he can have Sunny as the latest addition to his harem. The new job of Sunny is just a shame to make sure Emir has extra time to meet her. Such a plot could have been an opportunity for a hilarious satire, but in fact the satirical content of the film is rather clipped down. It is possible that in 1984 the American public would not have the satire of their country's foreign policy; this was, after all, the year that Ronald Reagan wore forty-nine of the fifty states in the presidential election, and his fierce line with the Soviet Union fell well with the voters. (If the film had been made two years later, following Iran / Contra, its tone might have been different). The film is not so much a satire as a vehicle for Goldie Hawn to show its brand of shit and charm. Sunny is a typical Goldie character - cute, sweet-naive, naive and not too bright. There is, however, a limit to how far you can go with the knife and the charm alone and you can not automatically make a bad movie, just by making the main character a gentle blonde. (In fact, it sounds more like a recipe to make a good one bad movie). Goldie tries to save her, but she never succeeds. Part of the reason is the inconsistent way in which her character is portrayed. On the one hand, Sunny is a nice, innocent girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman who works in a shaky bar and wears a revealing costume. The effect is rather that the imagination of Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm has grown and works as a Bunny girl. The more important reason Goldie is unable to save this film is even the best comedian or comedian is no better than his material, and the "Protocol" is simply inoperable. Any humor exists, is tired and tense, relying on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who apparently have all the lust for Western women, especially if they are blond and blue-eyed. In the mid-eighties, there were many such things, because that was the time when the amazing film Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski "Harem," about a lazy Middle Eastern ruler kidnapping a young American woman and the mini-series with the same name that told a story almost identical to a set period. Movie makers seem to have realized that their movie will not work as a pure comedy, because in the end it turns into a kind of "Mr. Smith goes to Washington" lately. The sun is turning from a blonde bamboo into a source of political wisdom and begins to utter all sorts of platitudes about democracy and the Constitution and the Citizen's Obligation to Vote and We People and how the price of freedom is vehemence Vigilance blah blah blah ???? , but in reality the movie is no longer a success as a political parable but a comedy. Goldie Hawn has made some good comedies such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "Houseitter," but the "Protocol" is not one of them. I have not seen all the movies, but the ones I've seen this terrible comedy are by far the worst.
