Something to Sing About was produced at Grand National Studios, where James Cagney was working while in conflict with the Warner Brothers. He made two films for this studio B, none of which fall into the Cagney credit category. One of the big losses at cinema is that Jimmy Cagney has made so few films that have used their terrific dancing skills. The two who come to mind are Yankee Doodle Dandy and Parade. Two smaller films are The West Point Story and they never steal anything small. Cagney himself said he never used anything other than his retirement musicals. So why did so few of them? Well, that was wrong. The story of Something to Sing About refers to a hoof that meets for a band that has discovered and given a film contract. There are the usual complications of a convincing studio head and a press agent who played by Gene Lockhart and William Frawley respectively. His contract calls for a wedding clause, so Cagney and the singing lady, Evelyn Daw, marry in secret. Then we get a complication of an advertising studio story, led by Mrs. Mona Barrie. I think you can imagine where this happens. The most disappointing thing about something to play about is the lack of dance numbers for Cagney. Short dances at the beginning and end of the movie and nothing in the middle. Evelyn Daw had a pleasant voice and the charisma of a ham sandwich. He received the musical numbers as they were. I'm sure the movie audience paid their tickets to see the Cagney dance. <br /> <br /> Also, in addition to giving her some dance numbers, a female dance partner would have been nice. He danced well with Ruby Keeler in the Footlight Parade and with Virginia Mayo and Doris Day in The West Point Story. Was not Ginger Rogers, Eleanor Powell or Ruby Keeler available? There were no memorable songs. And Daw's voice is waist. He has a soprano voice by Jeanette MacDonald, who was so unclear with a swing band. No wonder Cagney went back to Warner Brothers. But he should have given him decent musicians.
