Using tons of movies, not only from Trader Horn, but also the first two movies in the series (for example, alligator fighting was the last time used), this is one of the worst movies in the MGM series. It's a huge escape after the classic Tarzan and Matthew, which is probably the best movie in the series. The party has Jane's cousins ​​coming to the jungle to say that she has inherited a fortune if she returns to claim it. They are kind of a connection because the relative who left their money cut them out of their will. He defeated a great white hunter who secretly wants to capture Tarzan and sell him, the pair headed for the jungle, jungle problems (more because of the stock movie). After a bunch of talk, Jane decides to go back to civilization and we get long sequences of Tarzan and Jame making his face kissed. Finally, in the last half hour, Tarzan's capture plot is set in motion, and things are finally becoming interesting because the plans are going in order, and things look very bleak for all those concerned. The painful dull film is a clear proof of a troubled production. the film seems to have been made up of several different films, with the first half hour playing as almost accurate rehearsals of the previous movie. The third middle shows the signs that we have to stretch things out and have plotting lines that eventually did not go anywhere. The last third that Tarzan is captured and the party is in jeopardy is the point where the film finally returns to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence that caused much of the need to re-film the film) . For me it's a great wonder how the series has managed to continue from here since this movie is not very good (except for the end). It will be hard to explain, except that I should say the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane, which prevented people from returning. She is a beautiful pair and, indeed, she is one of the best couples on the screen. I should also mention that this is the point where the movie became less real and more fantastic with the appearance of the Tarzan tree house.) I really do not like the first time of this movie and I find it a great waste of time and energy. If you can come to the end, I'd recommend you try the movie. Otherwise I would go over the whole movie and I will go to the next movie in the series.
