In the small American city of Meadowvale, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, listing IMDb for this character is wrong, it is certainly Dr. Blake not Dr. Blakely) is the director and founder of the famous Psychological Research Institute and host local TV program called "Thinkers independent ". He uses this TvV show to hypnotize viewers and make them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has the help of a big brain with a bad face that uses the spinal cord as a queue. Typically, the brain stays only in a reservoir, eats mice and the strange evil actor, every time it eats someone gets bigger. Meanwhile, Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) was caught at the talented but upsetting local high school, putting Sodium on the toilet. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake at PRI to help his attitudes and behavioral problems. While Dr. Blake makes Jim stand up, I'm not sure why. Whatever it is, it is attached to the brain. At first, Jim is able to withstand mind control of the brain. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to himself and his plans. Once he got out of the PRI, Jim starts bizarre hallucinations and crashes his car. Jim sends him to his girlfriend, Janet (Cynthia Preston, as Cyndy Preston), but returns to assistant Dr. Blake, Verna (George Buza), shortly by Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim, because he is the only one able to withstand mind control techniques, and the thinker "independent" thinks that the brain does not want anything or no one to stop the evil plan for world domination! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the entire city and the only one must stop it before taking over the world! Directed by Ed Hunt, who is called Edward Hunt here, the Brain was not as bad as I thought it would be. Do not get me wrong because it's definitely not great. Barry Pearson's screenplay attempts a satire coup with brainwashing and mind control through the T.V. story. It moves at a fair pace and is not too boring. There is no explanation for the existence of the brain, it's just there and we have to accept it. The story is a bit muddy and never fully exploits a single element, the control of the TV mind, the brain itself, Jim being hunted by the police and its faulty behavior, as well as other small pieces and pieces here and there, including a bizarre revelation about Dr. Blake, which is not explained at all. Wise production this movie seems cheap, and probably was inexpensive. The act is not great, but I have seen worse and what does David Gale do in this? In fact, this role is similar to Gale's role in Re-Animator (1985), even to the death of his character in both films. First, the brain stays in a tank and starts to grow whenever it eats someone and is eventually big enough. Each stage is rubber only. It does not look very good and it is not scary or creepy, just cheap. There is no blood or gore in it except for a moment and you will lose decapitation. Nudity is provided by assistant Dr. Blake Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before being eaten. The brain was of some value to me, but I think most people would dislike it. It may be worth a watch if you can see it for free on T.V.
