The version of this movie that I saw was titled "Horror Horror Grotesque." The horror in question is a mean mediocre magician played by the Spanish horror legend, Paul Naschy, showing that he interprets Abanazer in a panto church room. He rises out of the tomb when a stupid descendant (I think he is a descendant, as Naschy plays) returns to the ancestral house and brings together the head and body of the magician, who had been separated from the wizards who executed him in his attempt Stop it, er, rising from the tomb. Obviously, once the head and body have returned together, all hell is loose and many people die. Like all good sorcerers, Abanazer has a great assistant here. This is interpreted by another Spanish horror, the beautiful Helga line. As a matter of fact, any other woman in the movie Line regularly removes the kit. There is a lot of nudity in this film, and not just the feminine - we even get to see Naschy's body, which is not a beautiful sight, I can tell you. Most of the movie's sexual angle is laughing for free. There is a particularly funny scene in which Naschy and Line talk about their evil plans and then suddenly decide to have a pit of young blonde girl they have. He's also bad enough in places - especially a Herschell Gordon Lewis-esquire The moment Lin shakes his hands in a man's chest to get his heart out. The best part of the movie is quite effective zombies that are going to the end. They're quickly scared of a fire, but do not bother to come back. What a shame. The scene in which the zombies rise, however, is the most absurd moment of the film. Everything happens in a long shot and we have no idea what happens until we see some remote figures. There are more garbage times, such as this, due largely to poor editing. When a worker falls into the hypnotic spell of Naschy's head, there is a great closing of his face that seems to last forever and serves no purpose. Everything is not a great horror movie, it's fun enough. Of course, the version I saw was a double American version that probably had been cut into pieces. As far as I know, the original Spanish version could be a masterpiece ...
