The rumor is true: girls like COYOTE UGLY more than boys. And the reasons are obvious as soon as the plot is given. Girl Jersey goes to New York to become a writer. And after the initial frustration of not being lucky, they hear some girls spending the 300 dollars they made last night. She gets an audition at the bar where she works and is surprising! The place is full of "two-year-old young children" who are bustling at the sight of children's dances. The story is not bad and some characters are nice, especially Cammie (the "fashion co-ordinator" was nice) and the bouncer, but let's face it, the drama was horrible and completely ridiculous from the start. Violet and her father seemed ridiculous while referring to the film. And check Violet too jerk on that keyboard with the Break dancer! For the first time, I could think, how could this production be so terrible? For a short moment with this film, Hollywood could stand on both feet and show a new wave without any major public crisis without saying, "You were warned!" Instead, it seems that COYOTE UGLY has an intentional intent to try to kiss every major back in the world. Publish Babes in a bar but presenting a thin paper "Watch Your Dream" the story disappointed by every male adolescent you've targeted! And, finally, the music. There was absolutely no music break that I found in this movie, especially when it was needed (the hospital scene). Every scene felt that a short musical video you just wanted would stop until the bar was opened. But the culmination was a last laugher: a song like '80, you would expect Cyndi Lauper to jump on the stage and fight with Violet. Heck, I personally thought Bon Jovi was about to jump with long hair and jam too! Other than some truly smart rooms working with coyote girls when dancing (especially the wet scene), and cute couples of love, COYOTE UGLY is something to be simply embarrassed. Whether you chased or did, it seemed nothing but killing time. Or loses depending on how you look at it.
