To say that Thunderbirds is a horrible, forced person in front of you, ugly looking, ugly to listen and painful to watch the movie would not say enough. There are only two reasons why I can think of why you would watch this movie: 1; you saw the Thunderbirds when you were young (as I did) and you are curious about what it is, but you will really only follow to find out how bad things have done. Or, 2; You see him with someone under 10 years old. Thunderbirds manages to charm everything they try. The list goes on and on, but there are other more subtle, humiliating things that are painful when you think about them. From off, Thunderbirds is wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral message and "goal" are built in a strange way: Jeff Tracy tells his youngest son, Alan, that he has not proved to be Thunderbird after Alan chose random and stupid way, Island of Tracy Island to shoot Thunderbird One. The whole movie is then a series of events and fires that consist of trying Alan to prove himself while his father and other brothers are caught in space on board Thunderbird 5. The film relies on actors film: a 16-year-old , Alan Tracy (Corbet), a young 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and a 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton), the son of Brains. To say that the pursuit of "adventures" that it raises is painful is an understatement. The frequent attempt to act and use the scenario while battling the evil "Hood" (Kingsley) in ridiculously dysfunctional and strange modes acts as entertainment during the film; differ only when everyone is in another location. Also, the mind control thing was very tiring and basically shot the film down because it was used too much and provided a way for our heroes to see a weakness in Hood? forced and incidental. I know most children's films are trying to integrate some kind of adult material these days, but in Thunderbirds it's done in a way that fetishizes Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles interprets Penelope and I think it's not a coincidence that she's a little older than the other kids? at 24, is almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often very loaded and have an erotic push. We see her in the bathroom, bubble up to his neck looking at television; Inside comes her quiver and sneaks her gaze as she sways seductively the channels with her wet, bare, and bubbled foot. The frequent photos of her massive, pink and bright shoes that fill the screen in different scenes: the first happens when she is connected to the second chance during a fight with another woman! Along with this, her bright pink suits, which reveal enough and still cover only enough, are particularly remarkable, as she moves and speaks with that dominant, dominant, English; (Well, she is Lady Penelope after all and you better make sure she calls her that) The whole thing is ridiculous, but editing is so fast that kids will not notice, but it's sure hell is there. The real part of Hood's doing everything he does to rob a few banks is very bizarre, the characters who are his bodyguards: a showy woman and a black man who gets very agitated. Should we laugh at this? What about battle scenes? The badly choreographed colors and what the hell was the silly noise? It's absolute, absolutely ridiculous. The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton plays so earnestly, as if he was doing it in a way, but it was another, how the Ford engine company hit their logo everywhere. Newsletter: Sponsored by Ford, the camera is moving even to support Ford several times when cars are shot, how CGI looks like something from a video on your computer? he is mad. The fact that we are told to believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the freezing of the Thames, against the current, saving a monorail lowered (monorail over Thames!), Turning back to the hatch and so; Save the day when you hold your breath. Is it an absolute bull, and the decision makers know it? I do not even know if a person aged 10 years will swallow it. In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds is annoyed, dysfunctional, badly written and even Rolls Royce has been removed and replaced by a flying car? everything that could go wrong, went wrong.
