Original Thunderbirds have won a place in TV history. He was and still is very much loved - indeed, the first 10 minutes of Wallace and Gromit (Wererabbit) represent a direct ascendance of Thunderbirds, until a direct resumption of the original Thunderbird 2 sequel (if you do not believe me, to get the movie, and then to get a copy of the original episode if Thunderbird 2 is released). This movie was a crass attempt to make a movie for children - when the original was loved and enjoyed by children and adults alike! In the original, Thunderbirds spent all their time saving people who were often caught when Mother Nature or Technology was terribly wrong (yes, there was also an occasional offense). Thunderbirds put their lives and resources at risk for no reward - the very essence of heroism and altruism. There was little physical violence. Thunderbirds have provoked our imagination to a certain extent - how many of us would ever dream of building a Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do this - many Japanese attribute their fascination with humanoid robots to the old Astroboy cartoon. But this movie was a bad re-image of the original. This movie appeared as a combination of Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards as Brain imitating Porky Pig's stuttering ????? Much of the action is Kung Fu / Power Rangers. Indeed, there were funny sound effects when someone was caught on a skillet. The technology that fired our imagination was absent - instead, we have these kids running around us using a plotting device that was NEVER in the original series (having the whole team to take off immediately, leaving the base occupied by children and Brain) . Then there was a dose of mystery "Use the Luke Force," when TinTin will levitate something or the other, coupled with The Hood using aerodynamics that seemed to have been lifted from "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." The only thing missing was that The Hood would go "TinTin, I am your uncle" with a breathing mask voice. The heart that made Thunderbirds unique was GONE. The only bright spot was the representation of Park Cook by Parker - he caught it perfectly. But the actress who played Lady Penelope entered as a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. When someone pulls out something that is popular at a fan base and expects fans to raise money to watch and then offers something that was not even close to what the fans expect - well, I'm sorry, GRASS! OK, if you make a movie for kids - well - next time you will share it directly with the video, where many of them belong. But do not pack something in a familiar pack and change the wrapper.
