We have not yet come to see all of this; now it's running on the cable, and I'm going to get in the middle of it. The main reason I'm interested in is that I'm a Bill Paxton fan; he is a pretty good actor and has turned into consistent work throughout his career. The other thing is that, although never a fan of the old series, I liked Thunderbirds for the ships and the work effect. Derek Meddings was most likely the best business in the sixties and seventies, and his drawings for international rescue craft are marvelous. The current team has done a good job of translating his work on the big screen. But ... This is an agonizing story. Children are asked to lead and, while doing a good job, it's hard to suspend your mistrust, especially when you have Brains' son flying T2, a huge ton of transport with all the aerodynamics of a Buick. Wherever you look, you see a Ford logo. Product placement is far above the top, and it's annoying. Ben Kingsley does a good job like The Hood, but can only do so with a one-dimensional role. If you can accept the film based on its very thin merits, Thunderbirds is a fun and enjoyable walk. Just do not forget the cars that drive it. ADDENDUM: I finally got to see all this and it's worse than I thought. The actor is pretty weak and, while the effects are pretty good, the story on several views has become a cheesemaker. The placement of outdated products for Ford is annoying, and children, as central characters, rush my remaining nerves. As in the case of the Avengers, if you ignore the source material, it is bearable. But not very much. Look at the original show, and you'll see what I mean. And a tip to Jon Frakes. Take a training course at the Director Guild. You can do better than that, old friend. <br /> <br /> Another footnote ... I saw this again. Last night. On Telemundo. Dubbed in Spanish, with comedy sound effects. And yes, I came almost in the middle with Ben, Ron and Sophia in the battle scene on Tracy Island. <br /> <br /> I do not think it's possible that a movie is already blazing worse, but it was. It was badly embarrassing. <br /> <br /> If this were done right, without children to rescue, without jokes in the tongue, it would have worked. As it is, it is just another joy from a beloved childhood that has been destroyed.
