Thunderbirds (2004) <br /> <br /> Director: Jonathan Frakes <br /> <br /> In the lead role: Bill Paxton, Ben Kingsley, Brady Corbet <br /> <br /> 5 ?? 4 ?? 3? ? 2 ?? 1! Thunderbirds GO! <br /> <br /> And so started Thunderbirds, my favorite child. When I heard they were going to make a Thunderbirds movie, I was ecstatic. I could not wait to see that Thunderbird 2 flooded to save people, while Thunderbird 4 was throwing her head deep into the idea. I could not wait. Then came in August 2004, when the movie was released. The critics staged him, but I still wanted to go. In the end, as long as the heart was in the same place, that was all I cared about. So I sat in the theater, the only teenager in a crowd of 50 people, everyone else was over thirty and less than ten. Perhaps the weirdest theater experience I've ever had? <br /> <br /> The film (which is intended to be a prequel) focuses on Alan Tracy (Brady Corbet), the youngest of the Tracy family. He spends his days wanting him to save people like the rest of his family, but he's too young. One day, he finally gets the chance when The Hood (Ben Kingsley) catches the rest of his family on Thunderbird 5 (space station). This means he has to go over Hood's babies and save his family in time before The Hood can steal all the money from the Bank of England. Believe me, the story seems to be a regular episode of Thunderbirds when you read it on paper. Once on the film, what misery we have in our hands. First of all, the film was designed for children, just like the original show. However, Gerry Anderson treated us as adults and gave us plots that were quite advanced for children's scheduling. This, on the other hand, sits down on the ground as he tries to make a rip of the Spy Kids franchise. The final product is a movie that tries to appeal to fans of the Thunderbirds series and children, while missing out on the whole. Jokes of laughter, cartoon sounds and foolish antiques that no one find funny are everywhere in this movie, and I'm sure Jonathan Frakes desires that he will not be guided any more. gave solid performance, given the scenario in which they were all given. Ben Kingsley was exceptional as The Hood, playing the role very well. My only complaint about the characters is about The Hood nuns, who are reduced to the remnants of the old Looney Tunes cartoons, who stumble that, quite amazingly, the kids take it easy. What's strange about the movie is that while watching the movie, I was having fun. But once the lights got up, I realized the movie was bad enough, I had 8 lighter ones, and two hours of my time are gone now. A guilty pleasure? May be. However, Thunderbirds is a miserable mess. Instead of a big "go", I have to advise you to stay away from this movie. If the rest of the movie could have been like the first ten minutes of it, it would have been an incredible movie worthy of the name Thunderbirds. However, we receive a movie that only Thunderbirds fans die (if you want to look at your torn child) or the extremely bored boring. My rating for Thunderbirds is 1 ½ stars.
