"Thunderbirds" was an extremely popular show in the sixties, which surpassed years and generations to the point where it is still as popular nowadays as adults and children as in the glory period . So it would take the chance to produce a live action movie with a million pounds. The Hollywood budget was an excellent opportunity to revive the series as it was with "Spider-Man" and "The X-Men". But a terrible story and gentle action prevented this opportunity and soon it was obvious that all that was intended for this film was a trip to the bargain shop of the children's section. Instead of a film focusing on Tracey's five sons, their father and the confident brain Brain who strives to save people and protect the world from the villains, our hero in this type is Alan Tracey, thirteen, dissatisfied and old, youngster of fourteen for years, Fermat, the son of Brains (yes, the son of Brains, despite the fact that he was a man who could never enroll a woman if he tried, maybe he raised the baby in a petri dish). As can be seen from a review of the three main characters, this 2004 Thunderbirds remake aimed to distract only children under the age of twelve rather than trying to appeal to a wide range of age as well those involved in the revival of Spider-Man did it. The plot itself was so steep, with a weird, weird and weird dialogue that probably would not have amused brighter pre-teens. The writer seemed more interested in retaliating "Spy Kids" (which was at least quirky and original) instead of remodeling the show of people I know and love. Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker, they had only three lines between them, so their presence was barely felt. Bill Paxton, Jeff Tracey, was simply boring and was just the smallest mention of Tracey's other four guys, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, like Brains and Hood, were just embarrassing. Hood, in particular, is not at all threatening or sinister, and instead meets like a plague, a two-bit stereotypical bastard, like a piece of rotten lettuce. Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, can be a good young actor, but it was hard to see that in a movie that plays a boy who is spinning and the same thing happens to Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-tin , it's also for "Girl Power". Ironically, Fermat is a young Fermat of Soren Fulton, who is the only interesting character in the film, as Fulton offers a natural and relaxed performance. The "Thunderbirds" series will be remembered forever as a great show that proves dolls can provide solid performance! "Thunderbirds" the movie will be forgotten by most and remembered by some as a big flop.
