The basic formula for the original series was; take somebody, let the audience like them, then endanger them deadly. This formula worked for the 32 episodes made between 1964-68. <br /> <br /> Now we are 40 years old in 2004 .. We have introduced to Alan Tracy, a younger child than the most diligent school mate, with his friend Fermat, a young man know -it-all. These are left by Lady Penelope in his Thunderbird pink on the island's paradise where the Tracy family lives for school holidays. Almost immediately, they are left in the care of Kyrano and his daughter, Tin-Tin, while adults go to save John from Thunderbird 5, which was destroyed by an accident on stage. This is part of The Hood's scheme to take Tracy Island so he can steal Thunderbird cars ... To rob a bank! Yes. Talent is just as clear! Dialogue is trivial, acting more than wood than glass fiber dolls, effects, anything else than Hans Zimmer's special score ??? How little was Barry Gray's glorious theme shone through Zimmer's no-fussy orchestration. The rest of the score was eminently unforgettable. In fact, part of the score was broadcast the following week on the radio and did not recognize it! I did not even bother to witness Busted's mediocre efforts with the final titles. To be fair, Ron Cook worked quite well as Parker, he and Sophia Myles, like Penelope, seemed to be wasted. With the right material, corks may have been exposed. The CGI was what I would call the leader's edge - 5 years ago. Main table dynamics was wrong; Original series models moved at least as if they had a table. Another view is that all production seemed to be a long set of product placements, from every vehicle Ford built to the full content of (9) enjoyed this film, but this cross between Spy Kids and "Clockstoppers", which aimed at his age group, added nothing to the legend of Thunderbirds. When Star Trek hit the big screen in 1979 with The Motion Picture, a new lease of life was inspired by the franchise, which then continued for another 20 years. With this film, Frakes missed a golden opportunity to do the same thing with the Thunderbirds franchise. I foresee that this movie, such as "Avengers" and "Saint" before him, will sink into obscurity within 6 months, leaving the original series to its "classic" status.
