I've always believed that most box office big flops usually have something to recommend, but after the 80-day remake of "Around the World" and Thunderbirds, I start to doubt. For those who are not familiar, they rely on a puppet show about a family of astronauts using state-of-the-art missiles, spacecraft and submarines to save people from various disasters (bridging, bumpy planes, burned buildings, etc.) every week. Well, the puppets have disappeared (replaced by more teenagers), just as the premise - just an ingenious salvation and a wasteful plot uprooted by Spy Kids without signs of imagination, intelligence or entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels deserted from all the salvation that we never see the other Tracey, because the father will not let him play with a real rocket until he passes his exams. Earth on a beautiful tropical island (a certain punishment!) The chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a bunch of identical blonde fur that looks like a homosexual neo-Nazi band, without any sort of characterization between them - is locked up in space, and he must have a day of er, running around the jungle, making a phone call, burning a hose to help robbers for the ineffable comedy and catching them in pieces for the wrong measure. Good points are few and far between. One of them is that the film focuses mostly. The other is that everyone has to go to the Seychelles, which looks nice. Bad points: where to start? Ben Kingsley's performance in terms of career? The incompetent comedic actors mentioned above, which would disturb the Children's Film Foundation at worst? The almost total lack of action or effects in a $ 70 million SF film? The terrible scene, the lifeless direction, the odious moralization? But most importantly, the film is so patronized in every possible way. Take a look at life lessons and peg feelings, this is a film directed directly to sub-ops of people who know they are making a baby movie and constantly speak to the desired audience, throwing jokes and routines at the fifth rate would insult most children who have only recently learned the art of speech. This movie could replace being sent to bed early without their dinner as the punishment of their favorite children's parents. The biggest flop in the history of British film (not even covering the cost of fingerprints and marketing) is just a usual observation about how to make a summer movie.
