Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and, when not conducting a family film, a good director. But he should not have directed this film, and the script should have been rejected. The director and writers need to understand what the original TV show was, as well as the characters and the way they worked. The original series has had many episodes with sharp writing, using a good dialogue and situations where American producers will never consider using in children's programming, much less a movie, which made the original series so well received by grown ups. Thracians were college graduates, and some even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were characters who were killed, though most were bad guys. If she had written it the way it was originally done, which does nothing, with a poor dialogue, kindergarten humor and a weak plot, this Universal / Studio Canal joint venture would not have such bad comments. <br /> <br /> This shooting is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarion series, then you'll know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was outrageous and annoying were the constant references to the Ford Motor Company, going so far as to make Lady Penelope travel in a disfigured Ford Thunderbird made to look like FAB-1 in instead of using what would have been more appropriate considering Mrs. Penelope's station (not to be more faithful to the original), a ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. She ought to have been a remarkable member of British society, so the preference for England's best series of motorcycles in the original series. Another commentator here indicated that Penelope would not have been caught dead in a Ford. It is quite appropriate in the context when the idea of ​​traveling to a Ford does not work. At least they could have walked with Penelope in a Jaguar built as FAB 1 because Jaguar is a British car owned by Ford but not! They had to use a FORD right! But placing Ford products does not end there. Every single car you can see is a Ford! Even the flash of news that is shown on the TVs in the movie was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The dominance of Ford vehicles makes this film an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still remains ahead of its time even today. But the futuristic design of the original series has worked because there has been an effort to make the design look practical and functional. This type of treatment does not exist in the film, where everything is stylized in excess, the defeat of the sense of functionality and practicality. A lot of things that were done in film design were made strictly for style, often without a sense of function to give that style a sense of reason. The original series relied on good acting performance of voice talent to overcome the limited expressions of dolls, brought them to life in episodes. Barry Gray's brilliant and lively music score has even helped connect the audience with the story, the characters, and how everything came together to help achieve the super-goal (a little bit about Stanislavski). The film, on the other hand, had some big shows. Anthony Edwards beat his brain in error, Bill Paxton, because Jeff Tracy just did not work, despite having played decent (one of the few), better Hood than Ben Kingsley and many others they are interested in mentioning them would take too long). Simply, the dolls were more credible! Second was Hans Zimmer's overly generous and overwhelming music score, which resembles a mixture of "Thunder Days" and "Apollo 13". And, of course, Hood. Hood in the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyrano through a statue of Kyrano as an outlet for ESP contact. But that's where his extraordinary capacity was over. He is a master of disguise and deception, allowing him to sneak around undetected (for the most part, anyway) to gather information about Thunderbirds vehicles for his own means. He also uses weapons for his own defense, including pistols, and generally collects information using a movie camera, although he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960's of "Thunderbird 6," which was the last show Thunderbirds shot Supermarion and was the second launch of Thunderbirds theater). But while he is an international nemesis, Hood is not the villain in every Thunderbirds episode, and he tends to avoid direct confrontation with International Rescue. In the movie, he is obviously the main villain, but he and his cohorts seem to behave more with the monsters, with the Hood having an extensive mind control capacity, including the ability to move objects and travel in flight for short periods of time. This completely deviates from Hood as a character in the original series with one that can let children laugh, and the familiar people with the series scratch their heads in confusion or leave the theater in disgust. There are several criticisms, but the 1000 word limit for IMDb reviews will not allow me to enumerate them all. So I'll end up with the fact that I did not like this movie. Actually, I think it's shit! After seeing the original series and Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6, we were hoping for something better than that. The original supermatch was more sophisticated and more elegant than this live farce action. (And that's nice.) - Kip Wells
