I'm not a fan of Left Behind - the books are written at a 6th level reading with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While books manage to remain faithful to Scripture, their methods of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous (an example of which is their explanation for the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). Also, the books have an unmistakable sermon, which will stop the unbelievers rather than bring them to the gospel. However, I woke up reading these books because of my interest in the events of the Revelation. For similar reasons, I watched this adaptation of the film. I am sad to say that it is a rather mediocre film that is bordering on the poor. The actress is actually quite decent, mostly with occasional pieces of lean and over-acting action. The script is pretty bad, though it's hardly unexpected when we start with the novel as a base. Characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped. Events are scattered and disconnected. Dialogue sometimes sounds up. At least the book succeeded in reinforcing the theory of the hokey conspiracy. Here, the spectator is left with an incoherent mess, which makes sense only if someone reads the book. The pacing of the movie is also very poorly executed, with the opening and conclusion seeming to be extremely hurried, and the middle pulls toward a tricky trucge that makes it felt padded. Music is schizophrenic. Sometimes, it underscores the mood and sounds that fit for a shot. At other times, I remembered the sitcom and the mini-series music. And yet another bit I remember a MTV soundtrack that just does not belong to the movie. I can give movie points to the panic scene on the plane, but that's all. Other scenes involving disasters after Rapture are far from convincing. The film also suffers from preaching the book, although its message is not the same as before you. In all, I found the film just as disappointing as the series. This is not the movie for rally Christians around him. I hope this movie gets no attention at the theaters next year. It would be futile advertising for Christianity. For an example of a serious, intelligent, well-researched series, based on the Revelation, which presents a realistic and Christian vision of the world without offending the secular reader (which should be the one a Christian is trying to reach ), read the trilogy of Christ Clone by James BeauSeigneur. It is a great read and is a much better choice for unbelievers or believers who appreciate quality.
