Never before, the motives of filmmakers would be more transparent. Let's see: PRIMI, all telepangers willing to make this movie the best thing, because the white bread cut. Further, they encourage as many fundamentalists as Christians to buy copies of the film in order to recover their minor production costs and to raise their advertising budget. And finally, when the movie hits the theaters, gather as many Christians as possible to see it again, take the bus in multiplexes, if not necessary, NOT on the background of the movie itself, but because it will open an opening of box # 1 seen as a kind of profound spiritual victory. But, of course, it will not be enough. I imagine that any film critic, with all the boldness of giving "The Left Behind", anything but a brilliant review, will be considered "anti-Christian." Of course, this marketing campaign with no shame should not surprise anyone. It is, after all, a good old fashioned capitalism. What surprised me is how many people have been sucked into the whole "left behind" mentality. Like someone who tries to balance their spiritual beliefs with a sense of reason and rationality, it lets me scratch my head. It would seem that there are many, many people who believe that in the near future there will be a "kidnapping" and that millions of people on earth will disappear at the same time in the atmosphere. What kind of reality, I wonder, are these people who live in? Is "Reviewing" something in which they actually believe or is it something they want to believe with fervor? And when I get to the end of their lives and realize that "Raptura" has not happened, will they be disappointed and disillusioned? Will there still be people who insist 100 years ago that "Rapture" is imminent? In a way, I almost want such an event to take place! What an exciting day! What would be all the more interesting if the Revelation were to take place in a more spectacular, not anthropological way that the authors of the series "Left Behind" portrayed, but rather a production by Stephen Spielberg with boiling clouds , trumpets, the angels descending from the sky, the moon returned to the blood, the whole nine courts. Imagine that you come to realize that everything has come, as the evangelists have warned for years, and that there was something more wonderful than the physical, cool, physical physical reality we are living. Would not that be something? <br /> <br /> However, in the final analysis, that is the cold, physiological reality that I will satisfy. My life is not so meaningless that I need the fear of "Rapture" and "The Times of the End" to understand everything ... and I do not need Heaven or Hell to bribe me or scare me behaves decent, thank you very much.
