I'm a Christian ... and I feel this movie is terrible. No one, but hard-core biblical Christians will want this movie. The message is too far ahead. If you want to reach out to a wider audience, you have to be more subtle. You can not keep father diving around the Bible and taking him with him in every scene. RIDICULOUS! <br /> <br /> Poor direction. Disclosure of missing persons should have been terrifying, but it was ridiculous. Are they leaving their clothes on the ground? He remembered the old Ed Wood films: "My God, that scene on the plane is just bad. Think about it: If you found the clothes of your relatives near you, you would not just cry," God, they're gone! and start crying and shouting. You would have denied it first ... you could not jump to that conclusion. Look at Jodie Foster in FLIGHTPLAN. My favorite photo is the dog sitting on the meadow, with a bunch of clothes and boots next to him. I fell from the couch I laughed so much. Music was so bad and so fun. It was as if the composer was in his world, recording his own films. "Here's my chance to make a thriller," "Here's my chance to do action!" STOP TELLING ME How to feel JAMES COVELL! A good score sustains what is happening on the screen ... this movie would need more than one UNDER score, but instead of being as much in front of you as the message was. The writing was bland. That was the case, Captain Christian Kirk Cameron. Chelsea was worse: "you do not understand, people are missing!". Brad Johnson was ridiculous. The two remarkable performances came from Antichrist and the eldest (I'm sorry, I can not remember their names). Looking to "do" (to answer my question "what did they think?" Filmmakers and filmmakers are mistaken for themselves ... saying "we will reach the general public" and "fir Johnson is amazing" and "It's just like a Hollywood movie." We've come to the conclusion that they just do not know what "heck" they are doing, hello to the effort, getting the message to a broad audience is a fantastic idea. to look at movies like WIDE AWAKE, SIGNS, CONTACT, THE PASSION OF THE CHRIST, O'BROTHER, WHERE ART THOU, and the idea is that the film should have been made by people with talent and vision. it was so.
