Okay, now I know there are millions of Americans who believe in the Rapture: the moment when all people born again in Christ will be abducted to meet God and all the rest of humanity will be left to perish in the plague and fire and The fear of psoriasis as Antichrist struggles with Jesus (in an unusual warlike way). And I know books were the best selling. . and faithful, anyway. And I do not want to say any disrespect to all of this. But I have to say that they filled this film in a bag and beat him with Suck Stick. books are much better. Really. The land does not need repetitions. If you watched this movie, you may read the book. I may be one of the only people on the earth who actually followed this only for the experience of bad moves and I was not disappointed. In particular, not by Kirk Cameron, the grown-up "Growing Pains," who reached the age of that show, found Christ and decided that SHOW should reflect his Christian values. Well, Kirk, your career went to the dogs, but now you can be happy to spread the Word of God in so bad movies that they do not even let go of the theatrical release. Well, this is not strictly true: I think this was the only movie ever made that went on DVD FIRST with a voucher for a free movie view when it was released in theaters! I still have the voucher! How many people do you think they came from? I do not know about you, but he never came to my city. Of course, I live in New York, where we are heading liberal liberals around the cutting of the pages of the Bible and we use them to roll the joints. So leave. In fact, I bet three million people on Manhattan, and no one will be kidnapped. Check out the extra stuff on the DVD, where you'll find the scary details behind the scenes in these movies. . CAST and CREW must have the same religious mentality. They do not come immediately and say so, but listen carefully to what the producers say. It's like a bunch of people who gathered together to make a movie Pod. How is creepazoid? Honestly, these things just preach to the converts, are not they? You can imagine anyone NOT subscribing to the whole apocalyptic thing by following this, blushing their forehead and saying, "GOD SIN! I better save myself PRONTO!" Anyway, I'm hanging. I have to see the rest of these Christian films, especially the one with Gary Busey, which I think is TRIBUTES. At least Busey has an excuse to take part. He cracked his head on a sidewalk when the motorcycle collapsed. Oy. And one more thing. What happens to all the beatings of the poor, innocent dogs, with the shackles that crawl unnecessarily along the ground, because their owners have been called to heaven? What's up with that? We should feel sorry for the dogs, and if we do, what should we do from God? Do the people of IRK have no place in heaven for man's best friend? Foo. That's why I'm agnostic. Good night and good luck.
