It's been a while since I saw it for the first time, so I watched it again with the second movie in the series. While I realize that there is a third movie I have not seen yet, I will review it under the original title ... Just in terms of production value, stage writing and filming, this movie fails on May many levels, although it succeeds a few. What can you expect from a low-budget, "B" movie? Not too much and functioning in terms of production. However, writing is certainly dissociated, little in the way of character development ... exactly what I would expect when there is a movie agenda. I had no problem with acting ... the distribution is solid; however, the scenario in both films gives small actors opportunities to really stretch. Since the film is "Christian," this is predictable because you can not very well present the violent chaos of the "end times" without violating some of the ethics that are normally associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake comes in doing this in a G-rated movie when the content, even in the most conservative biblical interpretations, will be R-rated by any measure. So, if the purpose of the film is to scare people into the Christian faith, then the movie should be somewhat scary, right? However, you can not comment on a film adaptation from a book without commenting on the book or, in this case, a series of books. There is certainly a lot of Christian material worthwhile to make in the movies ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these films are not succeeding in the end because, while they are best sold, are poorly written novels based on bad theology. As South Baptist minister, I confess that books were a guilty pleasure for me, although we have not finished the last two books of the series. I described them as a decent fiction, and if the books would take into account that this is a "possibility" or an interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology (the "time of the end" study), then I could live with it. , this series is divisible in Christian circles because it promotes the "literal" interpretation of all Scripture over a more appropriate hermeneutic, which inevitably leads to the pre-tribal, pre-millennial dispensation "God does not need needing helicopters and bombs to do their job, but because many people, especially untrained Christians, can not think beyond their own from our point of view, we are left with a pro-conservative, fundamentalist position in the interpretation of the Bible and try to push it as the only interpretation. Thus, books carry with them the agenda, not so much to get "lost" to understand their need for Christ, but to assert that the fundamentalist point is the only valid way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly that reading (a few years ago) in the second novel a scene in which the characters refer to a person who was "left behind" because of his lack of adherence in this respect; as if true "Christians" who deserve to be "abducted" could not hold on to another eschatology. This is disturbing for many reasons, least of which is due to the fact that a "abduction" is briefly mentioned in Scripture and the connection with reality, the prophecy of the end of time is, at best, rather difficult . But the real problem with these books comes in how they share the Christian community and how they display a "true" Christian behavior. Finally, I feel that they are worsening more people into a legitimate religion / religion instead of winning people to it. It turns all Christians into caricatures, as despised and laughing at the world, despite the fact that there is a theology for a great diversity of beliefs in Christian thinking and practice. As a Christian body as a whole, we have done quite a lot of damage to society over 2,000 years of history ... and we certainly do not need to promote it through film to thousands, maybe to millions of others. Thus, "Left Behind" films fail because "Left Behind" books are not worthy of being played in movies.
