The legend of Bloody Jack is in the wild of Alaska and begins as a relative of murdered murderers, the occultist Lumberjack, read incantations (Evil Dead (1982)) from an ancient spell book, trying to resurrect him, succeeding and without a great believer in family unity, the Lumberjack man kills his relative. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young), along with Dawn's sister (Erica Hoag), her friend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of their friends shoot in front of a comfortable cabin (Evil Dead ...) relaxing weekend in the wilderness. Unfortunately, the guy killer looks with his ax and begins to sacrifice his friends one by one ... Edited, written, executed product and directed by Todd Portugal, this is a pretty rotten slasher I seem to like the genres of horror, I'm not a big fan of low-budget horror movies, with the production value of a holiday film. Scripture is absolutely terrible in any way for 80 minutes, it has all the stupid clichés, the character is terrible, the dialogue is terrible and it's hard to care about someone or anything else in this apology quite worthless for a movie teen slaasher. Adolescents are even more annoying and foolish than usual, the script is more dull, predictable and wrong than usual, and Lumberjack's man is just a blade. Then there are the last 10 minutes that, if you do so far and I think it's hard to do, produces one of the most serious twists that end in the history of the slasher film which, for my part, is having fun for the audience who pays just had to stay in carp for 90 minutes. Now I'm going to ruin the end, so no one wants to know he's not reading now. Practically just before the end of the movie, he heads to Ray telling a story and seems to tell the story of what I just saw Nick & Dawn and whoever else lets them tell a story so bad pain) and then go on to pick holes in it and laugh at it. From telling why they were around and arguing, why they did not choose the words and that, I felt like this was fun at the audience because they were the kind of things I asked for as I watched this shit and hit it in my throat and made it very clear that the producers knew the script was bad and could see all the holes in it and went for an end that was softestly soaked in the last 80 of minutes (which we just had to remember) is just a small grate. Then, to add insult to the wound, the Lumberjack dude returns and kills everyone in two minutes, why did not he do that to get started? He'd save everyone for a long time. Director Portugal is turning into a real mess, it has the worst continuity of night and day in a movie I've ever seen. The whole movie is meant to set the night and I suspect that decision-makers have tried to use the day for the night process but it did not work and it seems most of the time seems to be set during the day. For example, look when Lisa is caught in the bathroom and climbs out the window. It is clearly outside the black pitch when we look from the inside of the bathroom, but when it falls to the ground and the movies cut at an exterior photograph is the light of the daylight. Then there's the fact that Ranger Vince says we can not take a search party here until "morning" indicates that it should have been night, then a few minutes later when walking and it seems to be the middle of the day in which is actually wearing around a torch that is clearly on & it clearly indicates in the directions in which he looks like it is night. Whenever there is a scene fixed in the cabin, look at the windows, it is out of black and when the Ranger enters through the door to start is also another clear example. Continuity in this movie is simply the worst I've ever seen. There are not many ghosts, there are some scenes of an ax that enters people's bodies, but nothing is memorable. It is not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere and the dreadful continuity of the day and night is so fun, because it is so obvious. From a technical point of view, the film is down, again, the continuity between night and day must be seen to be believed how bad it is. The special effects are weak and they can not afford to show a burning car, although it is quite vital for the plot. This has an amateur hour written everywhere from beginning to end. The actor is absolutely brilliant and everyone involved should get an Oscar, just a joke, they were not really horrifying, and even the girls who took their breasts were not very well. Legend Bloody Jack is just a terrible adolescent movie, it seems to have been shot on a video camera without using a tripod or steadycam, has terrible effects, is boring and has a twisting end that is either the most insulting in the history of the movie of horror or I was completely mistaken and the smartest. Not recommended, watch a decent slasher from the 70's or 80's to remember how it should be done.
