I should say right away that I checked the spoiler box just because I give this comment the amount of thinking proportionate to what this disaster deserves in a movie and I do not want to be responsible for a particular plotting point that accidentally, slide. <br /> <br /> This commentary will take the form of a tirade, for the sole reason that I am still under the influence of this film, just because I watched it, and the unique effect that made it an incapable of the kind of anticipation and structure paragraphs necessary for a coherent and motivated criticism. It's not a compliment. It's not the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or provocative film. The feelings they cause combine as an inconvenient emotional voltron, composed of a confused combination of anger, a vague desire to make a shower, the true feeling of betrayal that sinks when they realize they have given 109 minutes their life in the hands of a person who will not only scatter it, but will do so in a way so stupid, without art. And I probably would not have done anything superproductive with those 109 minutes anyway! But even if I had spent something banal, like a block of power masturbation and online poker, I would have felt more fulfilled when everything had been said and done. The problems with this movie are countless, and in better moments I would articulate exactly what they were in a semi-adult way. But taking into account what this film deserves, I think I will most likely remain in the region of masturbation jokes and cartoon references. The most irritating and flawed terminal is that while watching this movie, aware that producers and participants think they make a movie much smarter than they are. By demonstrating the depth of knowledge he could gain in a semester survey of the history of Western art at a community school or community commerce, the art jargon is tightened in a thick and in all directions, with much of it provided of the talks between our hero, the tortured detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, whom I will forgive for this film because of him being Willem Dafoe) and his brilliant old friend Blair (Peter Stormare, who takes a break to play a sociopath for which killing Comes easy, dimensional device plot in a movie about a sociopath for whom killing comes easy). And he speaks. In fact, we are falling into this story at a crime scene that could indicate the reemergence of a serial killer. Stan thinks he killed years earlier, so the whole back story is partially set by flashback, but first of all through conversations between Stan and the dealer, or Stan and his colleague, Carl (Scott Speedman), unforgivable, irritable. And while I differentiate the character of Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who plays it in brackets, I must admit that very early in the film I despised this character so much that I really found the sincere desire for the acting actor (Scott Speedman). It's not too fantastic. Not death or paralysis, necessarily .. But can herpes? Or maybe a scene light might fall and crush his arm? This is a dangerous diversion, but I'm not editing it because I want to let someone read this thing that is thinking about paying to see this train of a movie with a clear impression of the wishes and horrible senses it breathes even in most peaceful people. Well, I'm kind of getting rid of steam here .. during writing this sick feelings this movie has grown in a mine have diminished, my head cleared a bit. Now realizing that I'm still investing in something about this piece of trickery is surprisingly akin to waking up after a night of heavy suicide drink, alongside the strength of a college girl still sleeping 200 pounds. Your first indulgence is a desperate desire to flee. This is natural.
