Even more duller, if possible, than the original (I hope I can say that according to the IMDb guidelines). French Connection has at least attempted to absorb European influences, to complicated conventional view of American police detective, even if the test was overcome by his ambivalence Friedkin Americaness and general indirect. The (relative) artistic explosion of the 1960s (especially with the new vague) allowed a huge influence of European cinema in Hollywood. This gave a new force and complexity to a tired environment and, in the best of them (for example, BONNIE AND CLYDE, early scorces), a new subversion of the practice received. The original connection was part of this movement, with its difficult-to-distant style and anti-detective figure. Two are the old reassertions of American values ​​in Hollywood. This happens in the very frightening American dialectic of the film. For example, a policeman is shot TWO French 70s Of course, the French insisted on the dignity of American films when they were ignored at home, and this, somehow, is a complaint, a warning against presumption Gallic. This can be seen in the two films. THE CONNECTION has French gangsters invading New York, the French style suffocating the American thriller - this leads to the dissolution of the detective's face and the failure to observe the plot - Baddie escaped. Two Americans returned to France, with American thriller values ​​imposed on the native genre - the detective's power is reaffirmed and the conventional resolution is reached. This is still dramatized in Doyle's relationship with French inspector Barthelmy, whose dominant influence must escape before he can control the plot. Two of them seem to follow the original undermining his detective hero. From the beginning, Doyle's importance is diminished at every turn. Despite the conclusion of the CONNECTION, he is considered a hero. But he is an American in a foreign country, and his inability to control language or habits means he can not dominate the plot. He even remembers the police forces wrongly, confusing an informant for a murderer and leaving him killed. <br /> <br /> The power of a detective comes to the subject of power to see and interpret, but Doyle spends much of the film watched, controlled, an object, a body (literally scenes after he is thrown by Charnier) to be seen and interpreted. In CONNECTION, he instigated the action, pursuing offenders, forcing the plot; here he is passive, bound to a bed, locked into a cell, dependent, addictive. This loss of phallic power is predictably symbolized in the loss of his weapon, and the film follows a familiar depression Oedipal trajectory. In the heroin sequences, he is comforted by an old woman who says she looks like her son. His drugged condition is like a return in the womb, robbed of adult pressure. It assumes the clock, reinforcing the timelessness of this state, twice significant for a man whose career depends on timing and precision. Oedipus was the first detective and avoid fate, Doyle must reject the false mother who unified identity dissolves and kills father (Charnier) so you can take his masculine role accepted in society. Psychoanalytic theory was popular among university cadres in the 1970s (ironically triggered by a Frenchman, Jacques Lacan), but it is rare to see such a literal film full of him. <br /> <br /> If all these facts tend to minimize Doyle, then the style of the movie does not. Friedkin distanced us from his hero, refusing empathy or motivation of the character, focusing on the mechanics of the plot. Here, Doyle is a very conventional Hollywood hero. Instead of being lost in a long shot, he is familiar and easy to understand for the viewer with traditional devices - viewing shots, close-ups, shooting shots, etc. TWO refers to the fall and rise of Popeye Doyle. Plot in this case is subordinate to the act, which is the usual Hackman spectacularity. Cold turkey scenes, therefore, despite their tiresome, are not disturbing. We are allowed to share rather than to observe with coldness; this is a much less desolate experience. Scenes are also shot with a sentimental sentiment of tears, which is very American. <br /> <br /> So while CONNECTION tried to imitate the complex thrillers of Jean Pierre Melville, TWO is doing the opposite. Melbourne LE SAMOURAI presented a gangster who started the film entirely, strongly, outside the tongue, and characterized its eventual disintegration. Two begins with a disintegrated character, partly due to language incapacity, whose domination begins when he goes out of language - the final action sequences are largely wordless. <br /> <br /> In the film, location and language are important because fixed and undermines detective, but you regain power (and burn images volte place cathartic primary vulnerability tower block where he held Charnier) , the setting at Marseilles becomes more irrelevant, and the mythical situation, which could happen anywhere, takes over. Compare the endings of the two films: admire the ambiguity and despair, the other absolute certainty. <br /> <br />
