I initially gave this episode a second rating - now I want to think more about it. I would also like to have negative rating options. Watching me, I was amazed at how poor it was from start to finish. I love Ron Pearlman and John Carpenter ... so what happened? Episode 13 of last season was triggered by the way he treated the issue of abortion. I think this year Mr. Carpenter has managed to do something so hard that you can not immediately see whether he is pro-choice or anti-abortion. Only after I sat down and I thought I realized it was a lot of anti-abortion-you get this most clearly in the end when Mama shoots the baby and kills her to the horror of "The Father" who goes in pain, leaving his mother unharmed. But you also see him in the way that the character Ron P. is treated - I hardly believe that if someone proved sufficiently dangerous in the past to have a restraining order against him, he would not call the police immediately. Instead, we have the guard who is almost sympathetic to him (only to pay for him in the end) do not bother someone with a strong view on something, even if he does not agree, but I think he is not to stand up with that point of view, instead of trying to show that I'm sitting somewhere in the middle. But political issues aside, this episode was beyond the poor. The music was retro-70 and just did not work. The actor (other than Ron P.) was weak. The effects were terrible - it would have been better not to show the monster than to show the apology of the blade for a monster they had. All this being said, I am glad to have Masters of Horror - I do not mind to sit through very poor episodes to find the good ones. It's a bit like renting horror movies from the video store - every time you get a good one and it's all worth the time. I agree with the poster that said the name must change from the Masters - some of these people simply do not deserve the title. (Let me point out that even I hated this episode, John Carpenter TOTAL deserves the title, he is a master through and through)
