I went into a video store and looked around to find horror movies, after about 30 minutes I rushed and chose a few. I've come across "horror masters" containing "Pro-Life" and "The Right to Die". They seemed alright, some old fools of horror, but I was interested for some reason. He said about Pro-Life about the case where he was a classic, a return to the form for John Carpenter (I liked "The Thing", so I thought it would be good) and all that. So I overturned her thinking it would be great and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started just as haphazardly, just a girl running through a forest, scared of something. A car stops and raises it (just because they were people they should have seen, amazing?). They go back to a clinic and examine it, at the same time everything happens when her father appears at the gates and not let him in, he is not aloud around the area. Most likely from something you'd done in the past, but you know nothing about it at this time. She really does not want her daughter here, an abortion center. He is very strong against these acts, believing that it is evil and not what "God" would like. He "supports" what I have heard is called "Pro-Life". By acting against abortion and going to extremes to allow babies to be born, they are sick. They do not like to live the life of an unborn beast, but have killed people in the past to allow birth? Justice is just a fantasy of the mind. Anyway, back on track, after the girl is examined, find out she is pregnant, but far beyond what she should be. She's just a few weeks pregnant, but it's months ago. He continues to tell them that they will not understand her and that she wants an abortion and everything, but eventually tells the truth that she has been raped by a demon of hell and that her father wants this child (but thinks that "God" wants this child , not who does it really). He takes his three sons (gun with gun and rifle) and begins to go to the Clinic (shooting anyone who will not cooperate). The Head of the Clinic, who must have problems with them in the past, is well prepared this time. He stops killing one of the parents' sons, but he is finally shot several times (wearing a glove jacket). The Father then fulfills what he thinks is done to women. He cuts a hole, where the vagina would be if we were a woman, and we'll stick some kind of sucking there and suck up all this blood. While all this happens, the girl gives birth to a demonic child with many legs, and some demons rise from under the earth (not in the same room) and begin to look for their child. The father sees this later and begins to ask questions about what happened, did what he was told to do and does not understand why it is. The demon had killed both of his sons earlier, and now he goes for the Father ... While the girl kills the baby and the Demon takes her away (not in the same scene). probably sounds pretty cold and a terrible horror movie, but it's not. The actor is horrible and unappealing, the script is boring and not even creative, chooses the wrong characters and does not rely on them; just everything put together, all the small pieces do not even add to something great, a waste of time. I would not classify this as a Horror, though it has elements of Horror, and finally I do not succeed in what it tries to succeed. It was rather like a short film "Beginners" than by John Carpenter. Sorry for my lack of information, and a detailed analysis, I just did not have time to lose something interesting. Also, I'm sorry if my spelling and my details are incorrect, I could not bother to investigate anything.
