I was looking forward to see John Carpenter's episode in Season 2, because his first "Burns of Tigarette" was by far the best season 1 (and I liked other episodes of that season). Oh, as I was disappointed. In fairness with Carpenter, I think the main issue with this episode was absolutely horrible writing. The characters, apart from the subject, seemed to behave and speak as if they were written for Walker's Texas Ranger episode. The actor was bad and normally I like Ron Perlman very much, but I can not blame him so much because the writing was so horrible. I will not try to guess what writers are trying to do, because it would be useless, but it would seem to try to mix the horror (obviously) with a form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, it is not surprising that it seemed a chance to make a certain variety or religious walnuts, as well as anti-fanatical abortionists. And I'm in favor of both ends, but it was so terrible that I was embarrassed to see the characters acting and talking with such stupid inconsistency. This has failed to give any useful opinion on the subject, and the element of horror has failed along with such inexhaustible writing. While I do not think Carpenter can be blamed for most of the evil here, I will say he chose to direct teleplay and hence has the responsibility for it. There are a small number of small pieces that we found beautiful, that's why the 2 stars I gave. The real effects of gore and monster were good, but CGI gorillas (two fireworks separated at the head), obviously CGI of inferior quality, should never have done well. In general, I am very critical of CGI, but not because I have a problem in principle. I have a problem with her execution. Technology, while amazing in some respects, is not good enough to fit "real" effects, be it miniature or gore, especially when supposed to match organic and / or alive and therefore, should not be used until they are. CGI can be used well in small quantities or, obviously, if the entire movie is animated. I will also take this opportunity to mention that the title of the show, Masters of Horror, is a bad thing to do. There simply are not many current "horror masters" around. Maybe two or three. If the show was called "horror story" or something like that would be good. But given that the criteria for targeting one of these episodes and therefore being criticized for not being a "master of horror" is that they have at least one horror movie in their career. Nor should it be a good one.
