(But it does not matter anyway). An exercise in gobblygook of catastrophic proportions, not even worthy of 10 lines I need to put these remarks on the networks. This is the only worst episode of the Masters series to date and the first to qualify for the defunct treatment of the Mystery Science Theater. Even if it took me half an hour to achieve the intended ironic angle, it was still a very bad mess. Its unique value lies in the perspective that forces someone to realize that, in addition to gore and ugly masks, genre only succeeds when the classic cinematic notions of photography and illumination, dialogue and action, editing and synchronization are put into use. Here are absent and John Carpenter is not master. Period. And no truncated analysis of the easy social comment in this case will change that. Strange, Carpenter has never been more than a director B, but at least films such as "Fog" and "The Thing" have had a great atmosphere (the latter is one of my favorite cult). Abominable acting. The camera angles are glued to the cement. Tension without rhythm. However, perhaps the most unpleasant element of the episode is the story that JC can not blame (unless the writers were Cody's friends.) The first half-minute of a girl walking through a forest only to be almost could be a duel Scully-Mulder is the first and last thing that works in the movie. But let's go, a girl who feeds through a deserted forest nowhere, especially in the desperate need for abortion, accidentally indulging in the defender of a pair of "women's rights" doctors whose clinic happens to be at the end of the corridor . Oh, and I can not even figure out how the dock knocks the car in the car and shortens 0 to 60 in six seconds. It has wonders for broken ribs or concussion. Then things are breaking fast. The empty dialogue "I just want to help you", endlessly slow forward and back to the gate, grand battle tactics such as cutting the phone line (in the era of mobile phones) followed by shooting: again, the director of the Ramboesque clinic vs Ron Perlman and the high school take out for a few pauses at Easter break. Another wonderful line: "So, what will we do?" from the kid who was just sitting on a bunch of assault rifles behind the van. No, it's not a pheasant season yet. So, who needs those teen boys, anyway. What about the old, well-tried and true old method of the lonely madman who beats his door with his US SUV? As for the exchange of bullet scenes, the cuts here were as rigid as the staccato of a DC strip. All that was missing was Wham, Bam, and Whiz from the balloon titles. And everything in the tone of a soundtrack worthy of an old Mannix episode. At one point we find out that my father is not really the father, but at this point we have not been led to care much about anybody else. The story of a single source of drama is the conflict between pro-life father and his pregnant daughter, who is only grateful that he does not have twins. However, there is not a single scene, flashback or not, if they are actually found together. These remain simple abstractions to one another. Except for the gatekeeper, each of these characters is totally inappropriate. Bland, hysterical, head, macho. As perfectly flat as the human wallpaper can be. None of the doctors seem to have anything medical about them. And there, the father blowing his daughter pregnant as if he were a stressed friend. Luckily, he took them. There are two exciting moments of the MST: the gusher when the Angelica tubing disappears and later the new-born lobster with a glued baby head. Also cute was Angelica's rugby belly before she eventually brought a small monster from Hell. As for that scene of male abortion ... Well, they should have kept Miike's episode and forbid him on the spot. In short, a 3rd installment of Rosemary's Baby meets Alien set up on a M.A.S.H. episode. Only this stream, appreciated only for the permissive generation of today under 16, will ensure, as somebody else said here, that this series will not be renewed for a third season. Real shame because there have been a number of brilliant productions, including such very nice spoofs, such as Dante's 'Homecoming' or McKee's deliciously quirky 'Sick Girl'. Not to mention the gorgeous picture of Malone's "Fairhaired Child". I'm sorry John Carpenter, I think your driving days have passed. It's time for you to run for president.
