* Many spoofs in this review * This movie was horrible. I'm a huge fan of baseball, so I thought I would follow her, and I was very disappointed. It started well ... When I saw the negative influence DeNiro had on his little son, we hoped he would become a better father throughout the movie or something. However, at first it seemed that DeNiro should be the protagonist. He was the only one who believed in Bobby and had his adorable son to whom he was missing custody, which gave me reason to feel sorry for him. He wanted to help Bobby talking to Primo, when, from nowhere, he brutally stabbed Primo to death ... Not to mention that repeat song that resumed "I want to ..." at unexpected random moments. Later, when DeNiro saved Bobby's son from drowning, we hoped the movie could redeem itself. He could forgive because he killed Primo if he saved Bobby's son. But, of course, this is far beyond the depth of the film, because all that interests them is to receive CREDIT for murder and do it by stealing Bobby's son, car and dog and keeping hostages - Bobby just has to hit a run at home and announce that DeNiro is a "true fan" while displaying a picture of his biting a knife. Now we get to the scene completely unrealistic at the end ... It pours like hell and we are expected to believe that the game was not called. Then DeNiro appears in a magical way in the field in an armband suit and calls Bobby home, continuing to pull off his knife and stab him on all the field players. There seems to be no officers on the ground (but the police are on their way), so DeNiro heads to the grave and prepares to put a knife on Bobby when he's shot. But do not worry, this happy and enjoyable movie has a happy ending, because Bobby finds his son. It's not a sports movie. It's not a fan. As far as I know, fans are not troubled psychopaths who threaten, jiggle and throw knives at their admirers. This is probably the worst movie I'll ever see in my life. The plot was shallow, the soundtrack was aspired, the movie had no purpose. I warn you not to waste your time with this disgusting excuse for a movie.
