The London Underground has something inherently creepy, with its long tunnels, the escalators that take you deeper and deeper underground and, of course, the rats traveling on the runway. It is a source of wonder that it is not used more often in horror films. It has been used in the Deathline aka Raw Meat horror of the seventies, with a cannibalistic tribe living in an unused tunnel, and the famous track of the American Werewolf in London. So, I was delighted to see that someone else was trying to tap the atmosphere of the tube at night with Creep's recent UK production. I thought the movie started well, with a very efficient credit line that was really disturbing, followed by a channel scene that creates the premise that there is something bad hiding under the streets of London. However, Creep came down from here and I woke up wishing to stop him after this opening scene, leaving me a favorable impression of the movie. All the characters become insane and impossible, even Potente, and the director felt the need to hit our head with a social commentary about the lack of shelter. he also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full light, where he ceases to become frightening and reveals his name to Craig. How can you have a monster called Craig? It turns into a X Files file and reminds one of the episode graves. Actually, I wanted Mulder and Scully to come back and sort them all for me. As for the infamous sexual violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and completely useless. It seems there is only to shock the audience rather than for any intrinsic value of the plot. The problem is that it is so up and terrible that it abuses you from the rest of the horror, which is a mistake because it is only halfway through the movie. So, you go. The only feature of ransoming the film for me was a rare sight from Ken Campbell, one of my favorite occasional actors. You do not see him too often, but when he's on the screen, he acts all the others in a corner. Disposing of him as a sewer inspector was a genius accident, unfortunately the only obvious thing in the film.
