Although there are many television names associated with "A man named Sledge," there is nothing extraordinary about the movie itself or about any of the shows. In fact, the only thing that distinguishes him from the television series of the 1960s-70s as "The Rat Patrol" is a larger distribution and much more violence. <br /> <br /> James Garner is the biggest star and seems to be trying to get away from all the light comedy he has done ("Maverick", "Support your Sheriff local" - "Gunfighter" etc .). Unfortunately, his earthly exploits are working against him, because Sledge is a humorous character written to win the popularity of the Western character of Clint Eastwood. But Eastwood's things were not so flat and uninteresting. I suppose "A man named Sledge" could be classified as a Western spaghetti, although the pace is too slow to really fit that sub-genre. The fans of the slow-speed Combat TV will feel an instant connection, while Vic Morrow directed the film and co-wrote the script with Frank Kowalski. Discover yourself in a series of modern and blurred and crossed pictures, which draws attention to them instead of serving a purpose story. <br /> <br /> The plot is the standard "big heist" (enter "The Wagon War" here), and Sledge deals with how to offset a $ 300,000 gold transport. His band includes Claude Akins and Dennis Weaver. The problem is that while on the move, the shipment is guarded by 40 crossings and while it is stopped is locked in a vault from within the territorial prison. I think there was an episode of "Alias ​​Smith and Jones" with the same plot. The story would make a decent television hour, but it gets old very quickly like a very long film. Garner does not allow any of his charm to drain in his characterization, and the film does not generate enough suspense to keep the audience interested. The thing eventually collapses and burns shortly after the heist, when the band engages in a totally illogical game of contradictory cards. <br /> <br /> Again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
