Blood may have been irreparably damaged on the floor of the room. Maybe someone will ask for a reduction of the director one day, but I seriously doubt it. James Garner decided to pay off the West Spaghetti Market and through this brought a lot of Americans to fill the tower out. People like Dennis Weaver, Claude Akins, John Marley. And, of course, we have Vic Morrow, who wrote and directed this movie. Garner is always expressed as love thieves because he's so eager to play them. But he played seriously and did it well in films like The Children's Hour and Hour of the Gun. He may also have parted with the usual stereotype of success. But a man named Sledge can not be counted as one of his successes. He plays the title as Luther Sledge notoriously illusory, with a high price on his head. After partner Tony Young was killed in a salon, and Garner took appropriate steps to Eastwood, he followed from John Marley's salon. Marley spent time in the nearby territorial prison, and it seems that the gold expeditions are locked and locked on a rest stop for those who carry things in a regular way. Garner makes his gang together for a rape. Here's where the movie goes completely from the wall. Typically, heist films show that protagonists go into a lot of methodical planning. Of course, this was the case in The Wagon of War on which another commentator quoted. But in this case, Garner decides to enter prison as a prisoner of the fake American Marshal Dennis Weaver and provoke a jailbreak in which time gold will be robbed. <br /> <br /> It was too much to swallow. If you take the gold, it would have been easy to have done long before. But I will say for those who love the blood and the courage of the Italian Westerners, during that prison break there are enough there for three films. That's not all, of course, another gore event before the movie ends. But until then, the whole movie has lost much coherence. The great thirty-year-old filmmaker, Allan Jones, is listed in credits. But for my life I do not find it in the movie. Perhaps a Serenade choir of monkeys could have done better. He could not have hurt anyone.
