I like UFO movies, which is why I recently decided to go back to the EYES after I saw him when I was a kid in the late 1970s. And now I have to write a review about it because I'm afraid I'll start to forget about it FAST. You see, even if EBTS is not bad, it's VERY boring and unspeakable. The story is exciting but payable. The actors are good, but their roles are boring and a little confusing. FX are terribly amateur, but they can overlook something like this if the movie is convincing, which, unfortunately, is not. <br /> <br /> There is also very little violence and no nudity, as in 1970, the Italian sci-fi opposes strange strangeness, because if there is only one thing that distinguishes genre films Italian films made in the 1970s by genre films from other countries made in the same decade is the surprising number of violence and sex found in them. It is quite odd, because of the almost total lack of explosive elements, EBTS is distinguished from the rest of the pact. I do not know if this can be regarded as a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS needed more violence and a certain sex here and there to spice it because it's so deadly and boring. And the special effects are not so special. The story itself is actually interesting. It's a combo of X-FILES and BLOWUP by Antonioni: a photographer accidentally surprises extraterrestrials on film during a fashion movie in the country. Aliens know they were captured on the film, and they continue to kidnap the photographer and model, eventually destroying any evidence of their presence on the earth. The problem starts when the model encounters a man at the recently kidnapped apartment (this happens just before she is kidnapped). The man takes a few of the negative and leaves, the strangers without knowledge of the missing negative. The whole story is about this man who wants to know more about aliens and a group of secret spies who want to get negative. Most films focus on the boring political intrigue in the spy vs. spy. The UFO story element is almost inconsequential and could easily be replaced by any McGuffin cold war. But as boring as the eyes behind the star, it looks very much like X-SILS! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. However, the best thing about EBTS is POV photos, which are creepy and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgotten, including aliens looking. Even though I was the most negative about this movie, I still appreciate it. I still remember the effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw him as a child. And I own the video. The film could have been a lot more if it had been done properly. Good...
