Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an inappropriately bourgeois bitch, who is somehow sleeping through the noise of the last underground train and waking up to find himself locked in the subway station. As somehow encounter with my colleague and Guy Rape on a mystery train that runs after the lines are closed, things get worse and she is being watched by what's hiding under the streets of the city. Her story is related to George's (Blackwood), an ex-cone working in the sewer system; are meeting in the third stage of the film, reunified by their attempts to escape the monster that follows them. The pair passes through a set of less and less likely locations; from the subway station, ends in sewage plants before some abandoned underground surgery is found. Most subway stations do not have toilets, so the way someone has surgery is beyond me. Of course, the film is careful to explain that the operation has no running water. However, does it have electricity? Just one of the many inconsistencies that work against the daily credibility atmosphere the movie is trying to create. The monster itself is a problem. There is a total lack of reasoning for his actions, but he just kills people for no obvious reason. And, of course, it keeps some living, without any real reason, maybe just so they can escape and give the film an extra 15 minutes. I understand that natural evil is supposed to be scary, but then the movie tries to explain through a photo of a doctor and his son and some pictures of jars containing babies and yes, it is just as tired and pathetic as it sounds. He also fails to explain how the creature has been underground long enough to lose the ability to speak, communicating only in raptors, but not long enough for the pair of shorts to disintegrate. Hmm. This medical business leads to a scene that is the desperate attempt of the film to implant in your memory, and while it is upset and uncomfortable to look, it is not enough. The last third of the film is linked to an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters break up and recover for an obvious or little reason. George is breaking up, she can not cope with something, despite the fact she wants to escape to see her daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally second after she has broken up somebody who has broke it for a travel card. Yes. After the start of the movie, "this could happen to anyone," it breaks fast, introducing ideas that make it increasingly unrealistic. A total lack of emotional interest in characters and the absence of suspension make it avoided.
