Originally called The Changer. Nostril Picker is a bad story about a single man named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who likes "the young". Unable to interact socially with the girls she hits in a tramp that teaches a special Vietnamese singing. This "chant" involves whistling "The Bridge of London falls down" while jumping around like a morris epileptic dancer. However, ugly Joe tries it, and hey presto! He is now a girl. Ideally, he has to be a young guy to attract girls. But let's not talk about ideas here - this movie was made in 1983 and released in 1993, in an ideal world that should NEVER have to free it. The Asylum film called this horror hokum as "the ham tells the story says". Worse than that. Nostril Picker really takes the biscuits, actually the whole jar of sweets. The extremely scriptural dialogue made by dead brain actors, a ridiculous plot, and a predictable turn. Only when things could no longer be absurd, the story goes on its own absurd tangency. For example, Joe decides to kill the girls by changing back into oneself. But I thought he wanted to get close to them? He is not content with being a killer. Joe also turns into a cannibal and eats some of his victims, who are only 3-4. The highlight of this dreadful film involves Joe taking a prostitute (Steven Andrews), then "taking" back to his apartment. What happens next defies faith ... Joe returns to a man, but discovers that the prostitute is a man. How does it react? Well, in Benny Hill-esquire, he follows her "around" the apartment, with a bunch of weird dildos, just to tread on a doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stefan Hodge thought. At least this scene opened the way for another invaluable moment. This involved male prostitutes who reported the incident to a clean-haired police officer with a joke shop "police". Hilarious action must be seen. Especially the inability to say "dildo" and its demand for "satisfaction". Besides the incident mentioned above, this monotonous blow was a complete hole. You know a movie is bad when DVD trailers were more interesting. Normally, I would move forward to good bits, but they were not here. The main sequences of action involved Joe putting his victims repeatedly. Forget about quick cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during a stabbing scene) to limit any form of suspense already possible. The fact that one of the girls does not react to her fingers being cut off is ridiculous. Normally, I would love the words "unchecked," but in this case they were far from a blessing. More agonizing kinematic torture. The whole movie felt an unauthorized episode of clay murder, just less fun. I'd love to see the cut version. To summarize, the Nostril picker is the most stubborn thing I've ever seen from Richard Hammond's 5 O Clock Show. Dizzling performances worsened by a great tinny soundtrack and a bad doubling. Do not be fooled by the box label, this is not a classic cult if you do not qualify for the "lets-use-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters" cult. What I think he does. Unless re-edited at 30 minutes stay away from this coma induce misery.
