Someone must have joked seriously when he made this movie. First of all, it is absolutely impossible for this film to be made in 1993. Models and music dictate that this is serious in the 1980s. I think this has long been on the shelf before a mad distributor raises it and releases it into an unbelieving world. There is a plot. Cam. A lonely stranger encounters a bearded, bearded man who tells him that if he meditates while he plays his favorite song, he can turn into anyone who chooses. At this moment, I feel compelled to emphasize that the loner's favorite song is London Bridge Is Falling Down. Why is this favorite song? Because he's an idiot. We are just one minute in the movie and the film has already reached a monumental level of stupidity. She gets even worse. The only one is the nostril selector. I can only assume this, because there are two scenes in the movie where she sees her nose. Which frees the title. He decides to turn into a girl so that she can get closer to other girls. And kill them. That's more or less. The act is universally awful. Every performance in this movie is unsuccessful. In fact, I would go so far as to say that acting is the standard of a pornographic movie. It's really terrible. The nose selector appears to the public as the selector of the breeze. The characters in the movie see him as the girl he became by singing London Bridge Falling Down. Man, I feel like an idiot even to write this. Anyway, it's kind of weird to see a strange middle-aged girl hanging out with school girls. And not in a good way. There is even an extensive set of scenes where the nook selector is at school with the girls and a play plays over the top. It's probably the worst song ever recorded. I will not even describe it. You will know her when you hear her. And you will agree with me. There are some scenes of violence, for sure. And there is a Benny Hill tracking sequence that involves a transsexual. There is even an immortal dialogue of dialogue that may or may not have been taken from Shakespeare or from John Milton, where the nike selector tells a prostitute: "I have the money if you are miserable." Wonderful, I'm sure you'll agree. Nonsense nonsense.
