Sometimes there is a movie that is unique. Nostril Picker is such a movie, The Nostril Picker is like no other movie I've ever seen, unfortunately for The Nostril Picker and I'm unique for reasons different from what the original filming wanted. Read on & all hope to become clear ... Nostril Picker, as is usually known, although apparently filmed under the title The Changer, begins with some extremely boring photographs of an American city somewhere on the streets and factories, so how opening credits play. When The Nostril Picker begins to tell him, the viewer is introduced to a real loser named Joe Bukowski (40 years old), living alone in a small apartment where he looks at TV, eat beef dog food and listen to old vinyl records as he dances with a rubber sex doll blow. Joe loves teenage girls, has various porn magazines, but enjoys even more of the truth. However, being an ugly git, Joe can not tempt any young woman to come out with him or do anything else with him for that. One day, an old Vietnamese veteran (Horace Grimm) sees the agony and pain that Joe must pass through (in fact he sees that Joe is being talked to by the police because he has a teenager) and decides to help. He tells Joe about an excerpt he learned from "gooks" in Vietnam that will turn Joe into what he likes. A process he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns Joe that he "makes you crazy if you do too much". That night, Joe decides to make a try, in a public venue on the podium, for some reason. Joe says a few words, has a very silly dance and starts to skin. Joe ends up with the London Bridge Falling Down whistle, listen to yes, I do not do that either. At first, Joe is clearly disappointed when nothing significant happens. Joe is trying to buy a porno magician, but he's shocked when the clerk (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell it to a minor girl. Joe, the sparkling spark he has, realizes what has happened and speaks to him, claiming that his father sent him to buy it. Joe, now calling Josephine's alter (Ann Flood), feels the possibilities and heads straight to the local high school. Joe joins four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro), while under his breath, oh & Joe manages to become pupil school, simply addressing sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). At first, Joe seems pretty harmless, likes to sit around the girls' toilets, and so on. But things are changing soon, when Joe brutally kills Brenda. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner), is a detective, so along with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden), the pathologist is determined to catch the killer responsible for killing his daughter's friends, Joe hits again? The IMDb Canton for The Nostril Picker is wrong, I watched it just a few hours ago and clearly states that it is directed by Mark Nowicki, who was also a co-producer and certainly not Patrick J. Matthews, who was credited as a co-producer and cinematographer, not that much change, and I would have had, however, that Nowicki would have been more than happy for Matthews to take the "credit" for doing this piece of nonsense. No one involved in making The Nostril Picker should be allowed to go anywhere near a room. Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and that says something. He is absolutely terrible in any imaginable way. Steven Hodge's script is atrocious, there is no narrative structure, emotion, tension, drama, character evolution, and the things that are happening are so remarkable that they are amazing. The plot devices and the chain of events in The Nostril Picker are totally incomprehensible. The scene where Joe finds the prostitute (Steven Andrews) he's hired is actually a man and Joe starts chasing him around the apartment with two dildos spinning, it's just junk. The subsequent scene in which the transvestite reports the police incident is hilarious and made me laugh mentally at the dialogue. I hated the end, not only predictable, but left the door open for a continuation, we tremble mentally at the simple thought! At a technical level, Nostril Picker is a dreadful, punctual and hopeful photo, gentle and inappropriate music, forgotten, ill-edited locations (Brenda is killed in the kitchen, but her blood splashes on the TV screen, which was clearly in the opposite room) of the worst acts I've ever had, and particularly unimpressive effects, consisting of a few cut rubber fingers, a cut hole, and a quick scene where Joe eats meat. It is not surprising that the team of distributors and collaborators who worked at The Nostril Picker have virtually no IMDb credits for anything before or after. Even at strange 76 minutes, Nostril Picker is far from being long and very boring to stay through. I could go on all the day about how bad Nostril Picker is, I could even. One thing I can not solve is that all this was intended by filmmakers? Nostril Picker is indeed a unique movie, unique in horror and incompetence. In the case of Nostril Picker, he also hopes he remains unique, saying it's not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's definitely coming. Definitely one to avoid.
