"Fungicide" is probably the most incompetent, pitiful, "pitiful" movie I've ever seen. The action is criminal, the virtually non-existent direction, and the special effects that are supposed to have been put together by unleashing a monkey with learning difficulties on a laptop-free laptop. I think things like that should not be done. I'm sure the filmmakers will say that the movie has been hampered by a low budget (as in nothing), but in that case it should not have bothered him. As they were, they offered the world something so bad, so exaggerated that only imbecile could get the slightest hint of joy in it. Starting the movie was not like I'd been waiting for "Citizen Kane" or something else. I was expecting a little horror with a small budget, probably with little inventiveness, with a hint of fun and even a certain amount of energy. What I received was the cinematic equivalent of a handkerchief used. Well, our antitero scientist, working in the basement of his parents, is seen shaking maniacally in a cup. It seems that such high-level science is the result of years of research. His parents then send him to a strange hotel-like place in the town to relax. There are other people who are simply terribly writing. Anyway, the scientist throws his test tube on mushrooms - and soon the mushrooms grow and kill some people. (Wow, I suicide only by writing the fence summary). Our heroes save the day by detonating a barrel of balsamic vinegar (by attaching a "fuse" - a piece of string). The barrel explodes inaccessibly with the power of a small nuclear weapon, destroying all mushrooms. The end. (Well thank you). This summary is just as good as the "movie" gets (and actually makes it sound more exciting than it actually is). I should never have gone through this stage of development (by which I want to say a plot plot written on the back of an envelope with pencils). Someone really should have entered and given someone in a vigorous agitation and said "NO". <br /> <br /> And those "special" effects. Well, they're "special" all right. This is the crazy CGI. And made by a person they can only assume, the bicycle pump is the culmination of modern technology. And when mushroom monsters are not in the style of a home-made graphic package for the 1984 computer, they are represented by actors that mix along a sheet (do not believe). One of the most unexplained things about the film is his laziness. This can be summed up by the scene where the hero turns his weapons (at Clint Eastwood) and then fails to bring them into his pockets. I mean, come on, a few repetitions and he could have shot him, but just leave him the way he is - really weak. I can not believe the money was spent on this trash. Film makers should shut their heads and be no more than fifty yards from any film production equipment. I also think it is wrong that friends and family of producers come up with IMDb and detailed posts and give silly ratings to users who give a totally inaccurate picture of the movie. "Fungicide" is an absolute transviction of the film. Mr Wascavage is either very, very stupid, or very, very cynical.
