The character of Tarzan has been subjected to so many clichés, and so many misinterpretations, that those who are in the hope of a different version (people like me, I mean, who liked Tarzan's books as a child have always wanted a cinematic version that followed the books only a little) should know how the latest interpretations survived. Some of IMDb's comments on this point, but here's my $ .02 <br /> <br /> I'm aware of just two - count "em" - cinema representations by Tarzan, namely Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and the animated Disney version, which attempts to describe the rather interesting character of Edgar Rice Burrough's (the son of a noble English-born couple married after their death by a monkey tribe that raises him as one of them and becomes the "master of the jungle," because of his superior intellect man before returning to England and claiming his other identity), rather than the usual Hollywood jungle-man whose origin remains obscure and whose trademarks are renowned for his urlet, his mysterious inability to speak English correctly, despite the long exposure to people who know the language, the habit of linking the vine, power, heroism, etc. The only thing these two characters have in common is the name of Tarzan and the fact that both have a wife called Jane. Ron Ely TV version is something of a compromise: character Like Burroughs, he speaks well English and is adept and suaved in both cultures in some way JamesBondish, but there is no Lord Greystoke and there is Jane <br /> <br. /> Well, this movie is in a third category of Tarzan movies, and I hope it remains a category of one because it is terrible. This category uses the character as a vehicle for, of all, soft porn. Jane, played by the evil legendary actress, Bo Derek is in Africa, looking for his father, the absent-minded teacher, who is slaughtering the jungle looking for something that is never specified. Even if her father lacks time, she finds him without effort. Richard Harris as a father is the best thing here; he sees the film as bad, so he has a lot of fun and hits it in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole's deliberately stupid performance in What's New Pussycat. The father explains Tarzan's legend ("a sort of ghost or spirit," he says - or an ingratiating tribute to King Kong) of his daughter, which is not known at the moment with the monkey. Shortly thereafter, we hear the tarzan screaming scamper. Dad dies, which seems unusual to destroy his devoted daughter very much. And then ..... Then Tarzan appears, but he does not say anything. Indeed, he does not say anything during the whole movie. He and Jane fall in love and pray around them, wearing almost nothing, as I reread poetry of poetry on the screen. The end. That's the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; there is also a scene in which Tarzan fights unrealistically with a constrictor boa - the very unusual boa, because he is the only poisoner ever seen. Jane treats the bite with the help of a chimpanzee that helps by squeezing out of her coat she plucks to tie the wound with (I do not do that!), And this is just one of the many apologies for her to take her clothes off. I always like to end a review saying something positive, but this time it's hard. Let's see ... well, it's unfair to criticize this film for an orangutan, although we all know that the orangutans do not live in Africa; after all, the classic Tarzan movies have used all the Indian elephants, are not they? I also have to admit that Bo Derek is quite well presented and in shape. (But in that case, why the hell did not just do a career as a model of art? What about a movie when it becomes simply boring to look at a beautiful woman? In fact, I have not decided if it is a thing positive or negative that they have never shown). But now I realize: try how I can, I can not end with a positive note. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie if you are a bad movie filming. I'm in here.
