Bo Derek would have had a career if she did not let her late husband, John, take over her leadership. It is a real shame, not really with the right direction and the right side (see "10"), Bo was fine. She will not win any prizes for the best, but it's no worse than an actress who has made her great in the last 15 years, based only on glances. But in this issue, John was determined to lead the wave that Bo created with her appearance in 10, Bo's "perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America," "the 1980s sexual symbol." The problem is that, in John's hands, this wave collapsed with a loud noise in only a few years. Perhaps she knew her limits as an actress, maybe that's why she made movies for her that focused on her body, not her acting skills. But he got drunk very quickly. It did not contribute to the fact that John and Bo Derek's films (really honest) really, really bad. And the wrong sums take the literary icon of Edgar Rice Burrough, Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan of the Monkeys. You know what's worse? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, I just do not get bored. Even the stunning appearance and image of Bo can not bring any interest, and that's what the movie is, of course, built around. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were previously in Orca btw) make him turn his scene at least a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes an impressive physically Tarzan. Perhaps he laughed the last after being hit with a ton of venom from the critics of this film, Miles went on a solid career as a pictogram in B, in films that were not a great art but a million amusements than This. But besides, it's Bo's body, and you can only see him so many times before you want anything else. Tarzan The Man of Water has nothing else. John Derek was a truly dynamic actor, was not a director. He should have stayed with his power. This movie takes place in a slow, slow mind and nothing really happens in action scenes. Burzos Tarzan was all about enthusiasm and fulfillment of desire (who would not want to be as agile, strong and good as Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You have nothing here. Take care and you'll lose 107 minutes of your life. On the other hand, you could come up with a valuable lesson, not to care about the cinema career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is fine in my book, though. She stayed with John until dying, had a real love of animals and nature and even looked back with a chic in her time in the limelight. She also proved she is not a bad blonde, many want her to make her be. If he could survive Tarzan and Bolero, he can survive anything. So, come back Bo, everything is forgiven. And, aside, is Steve Strong playing the same evil guy Steve Strong who's a short professional wrestling career?
