This is a re-imagination of Tarzan in the Soloflex era and Revelation Now. There is nothing inherently inherent in the use of films, the constraint of moral constraints to illustrate an erotic part of the Tarzan legend. There is nothing inherent in error on the premise that Tarzan does not speak. There is a lot wrong with the suggestion of a woman who could end up in the African jungle in 1910, could be so offensive and stupid. Bo has as few lines as possible when exploring corpses, because this movie is just a centered film as neutral as possible, so you can project yourself and your bizarre fantasies into the project. If it succeeds wherever the implication is that National Geographic influenced the way images of a Tarzan film could be built. It would be ridiculous to argue that films should not use sexual teasing as ONE of many tools to attract viewers. Some moments of good film incorporate it. But this movement is at the opposite end of the spectrum - whistling is the only thing that happens here; at the time of release and now. Stay in terrible, foolish scenes that do not interest you, and miles of bad shots act to trample over the next view to any of the two bodies. Yeah ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (um, congratulations to have a working libido). But if this is your excuse for this schlock to have a good rating, you should visit a porn store and store it. There is only one difference between hairstyles between the two formats and (I guess only here) a horrified viewer would probably enjoy the latter. The question is whether a main movie is the best place on the market for viewers to look for products that satisfy the desire itself. As a showman, John Derek has capitalized successfully the sexual mystery developed by wife Bo in the movie "10"; and created a media event from a shallow project, the merit of which was only the decision of the two leaders. The film itself was beside. He was about 20 years before his time in public opinion would applaud him because he made an insipid, superficial film that was just about showing superficiality. As a director, John Derek seems only to ask that Mrs. Derek looked pleasant, naked and capable in every scene. He's shot in secret. Camera positioning is annoying. In terms of editing, the entire "delete" catalog is exhausted. The credit sequence is tangled. And it's a toss about who's doing the offense on the worse screen; Bo Derek, who is such a bimbo that he can not even figure out how to play a bimbo, or Richard Harris shouting every line (as he likes to do) until you want to shoot him. At least, with Bo, you can imagine that she blames a horny writer for a brief change.
