It is a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But this must not blind anyone that in 1981, on both men, a rather ugly stain appears. Undoubtedly, John Derek conceived this film for his wife, what he did for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh, "Some Like Hot" and "One Million BC", creating a symbol for iconic sex for the new decade. Running to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach, in Bo's reputation, a movie with movies and movies in Sri Lanka meant that nothing could go wrong. Unfortunately, as they say, the plans of the Mortals and God laugh. It is said that when this film premiered in 1981, Edgar Rice Burrows tried to take legal action against him. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who has been leaving Africa since the turn of the century to meet her abusive father, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is an explorer who tried to find the "Great Inner Sea", the local legend whose existence was affected by conventional wisdom. Harris deserves to be watched for a wonderful weird, dancing performance that includes singing an Irish idiot to an Indian elephant who somehow got to Africa (at the same time as Orang-Utan in Sumatra ???) although Jane confesses that she despises Parker, Bo's and Rich's relationship is incestuous, perhaps testimony to the effects of tropical heat. However, for a long time, local legends begin to circulate about a "big white monkey," and Jane hears the famous yodel. This is the clue for Miles O'Keefe, a future B-Movie star, who makes a strange debut as the Lord of Jungle dressed in the loin. Unlike Johnny Weismuller with English or Ron Ely, who fluently speaks the language, O'Keefe Tarzan is silent. Given some of Bo and Richie's dialogues, however, it's probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan finally end up at the Great Inner Sea, lying above a gigantic plateau that seems to run halfway across Africa .... there are no seas, lakes, and other water sites generally in the areas low? Regardless, it's just one of many abnormalities in John Derek's universe. The crew tries to mount the rocks, and when the strings stop, Harris shakes the abuse from the unfortunate men who have fallen to their death. On another occasion, Jane decides to make a nude off the beach, offering another opportunity to see free nudity. From now on there is only one male lion. Now the lions travel with pride and never approach the beaches, but later, Tarzan will fight with a constrictor boa (venos). Zoology does not seem to have been one of John Derek's strengths ..... As a Tarzan film, Jane becomes excited by the Lord of the jungle and decides to take his virginity. But if you saw the approach to those chimps, you have to ask yourself ... Speaking of this, not only Edgar Rice Burroughs would have sued. It's very likely that some primates will be on the phone to their lawyers: the chimps here are causing you to lose Cheet. Especially when they do ridiculous things like walking around the elephants and beating hands when Tarzan and Jane finally succeed! The highlight of this film has Bo and Harris captured by some stereotypical cannibals that paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / execute it. Suffice is to say that "The Great Ape Wood" takes its little girl and * SPOILER * Harris treats himself on a huge corner of an elephant! This does not prevent Parker from taking a monologic journal to Jane. As far as I know, Rice Burrows's law costume never materialized, but "Tarzan Man of Water" was crucified at the box office (was not he kidding?) A pity. John Derek could have directed "Tarzan Man of Water 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in domestic happiness and Dudley Moore as "Boy".
