How this movie escaped the MST3K wrath I will never know. "Gymkata" is a ridiculous action film, filled (or empty) with thin paper parcels, silly characters and absurd situations. But take it from me, if you like to watch poor, but naked movies, you will enjoy the "Gymkata" very much. The action focuses on a gymnast who is chosen by government agencies (at least I think they were government agents) to become a spy. You see that his father was another quasi-government agent who disappeared into the competition in this game, eloquently called The Game. So gymnast (gently played by Kurt Thomas) trains to compete in this game and find out what happened to his lost father. Sounds promising, is not it? Okay, so it is not, but still, that the sopnopsis of bare bones does not begin to describe the joys of this film. They can be found in the strange details of the movie. As the mysterious Asian girlfriend of the gymnast, who does not speak for the first half hour of the movie, then suddenly starts talking and does not shut down all the rest of the time! Or the really tough evil guy who likes to do and break the nonexistent rules "The Game" whenever he wants. And, of course, there is a delightful story of our hero through the "Village of the Crazies" (Obviously this is the real name of the place!). A nice place to visit, but I would not want to live there. But where this movie really shines is the action scenes. Because our protagonist is a gymnast, the director thought it would be wise to miss gymnastics in the back alleys and in the markets of the Middle East so that our master Gymkata could better use the gymnast skills to fight the scourge of evil in parallel bars and pommel horses. It must be seen to be believed. An interesting thing to note. Many, I would say about half of the cast, dying from shooting with an arrow. Interesting because the arrows are the only credible effects or actions in the whole movie. If these were really effective, my only major note of compliment to who designed these very solid wounds of the arrows. More likely, this was how the movie did not pay extracts. However, "Gymkata" deserves a glance if you can see it without paying and looking for some humility that is an easy target for riffing. <br /> <br />
