... and in no way * clean, logical and easy to understand as in the image of that pathetic sum of the tired Hollywood clichés. I'm 27 years old and I spent 16 years of life struggling with delusional phobia and paranoid hallucinations. Like the main character of the movie, I was successful, mainly because of the logic: because I always and quickly thought to keep the delirium away from reality and to know what is really happening and what is not. Eventually, I was really successful because of drugs, by the way, but I certainly got rid of insanity because I knew before taking the medicine the difference between what was real and what was not. So, I feel right to tell you that this movie is a total fraud. Not only does he mislead the story of the main character (who was not faithful to his wife, who was bisexual - something really important here), but moreover shows a refreshing and deluded vision of schizophrenia - which is totally lacking. <br /> <br /> Schizophrenia is a structure of the mind, not a disease. A schizophrenic * is not * a 'common man with a disease', is someone who at first looks and feels things different from most people: for him, things like time, space and people's personalities are not solid things. He feels he can be bent, can change, move, and even disappear. To deal with this phenomenon, a schizophrenic has a rich, imaginative inner world that "normal" people do not expect - but he is caught in it because he can not relate to most people, and his world becomes more poor and poorer until it ends in a dead, delusive empty. This is very different from what is described in this ridiculous "healing" film of tears-jerking. It should be frightening. People different from the main character should look weird, weird and absurd, like Lynch's "Eraserhead". There should be really impressive, strange, gross hallucinations, because that's all about schizophrenia. It's not about * details *. I mean, look at "Naked Lunch," "Lost Highway," read P.K. Dick's "Martian Time-Split" or "Ubik," watch "The Cell," "Perfect Blue," Dark City, or play "Alice McGee's American" on your PC and have a vague idea. Do not watch the "feel good" movie of the month, with banal situations, cleansed and visual characters, and bad plot tricks. "Cell" is the most accurate film about the mind of the schizophrenic, its visions and inner consistency - it is violent, weird, confused and very, very scary. Once again, schizophrenia is not about details, it is not a stylish trick, played for you. He jumps in front of you and he will not let you go: the walls break, the people turn into strangely hostile creatures, you feel you go back in time, you're not sure you're who you think you are, everything you feel. .. odd, unnatural. Believe me, it is much more than what is described in this soap melody
