Like most people, I was directed to buy this film because of the powerful Bolo Yeung images all over the box and the assumption (from the above-mentioned photographs and the title of the film) that this film is about the beast of the gift, for my disappointment, Chinese Hercules is to Bolo Yeung what no Retreat any teaching was for Jean Claude Van Damme and Fearless Tiger was to ... erm, Bolo Yeung - maximum exposure on the video box, minimal minimum real screen! Good! <br /> <br /> The story is quite basic, but it was well done - the peaceful kung fu fighter (played by Chen Hui Min) accidentally kills a man and promises not to fight again. Then he runs to work as a laborer on a ditch, where he impresses his colleagues with his power to lift his power, which makes them suspect he is a formidable fighter (I do not know how it works, but does not matter). Meanwhile, the corrupt boss of the ditch makes a deal with the gangsters, giving them an exclusive use of the dyke. As a result, the workers are thrown into the ear and forced to live on the beach, where they unite against their boss, the gangster boss and Bolo Yeung. quite cautiously (especially by waiting for Bolo's next view), I had some problems with him - first of all, the doubling of the bad, but of course that is what is in the old kung fu movies. But also the film tended to shoot between different battle scenes. And as far as the battle scenes are concerned, I found them to be too long, badly choreographed (Apparently by Jackie Chan!), Shot badly and sometimes executed by people who do not seem to have any martial arts skills ... In fact, most of the fights in this movie were not "battles" at all, just people beating without giving any resistance! Finally, the hero - played by Chen Hui Min. I've never seen other movies with this guy, but at no point did I get rooted for him. Not only did she look scary at the edge of the tears at any given moment, but I found my insistence not to fight the anguish! I understood his reasoning, but it could have saved many people much pain if they had done earlier what we all know will eventually fight and fight! A bigger mystery was why this whole community of people put their hopes on a guy they did not even see a fighter! <br /> <br /> Indeed, the great salvific grace in this film was the presence of Bolo Yeung. Not only is it as big and brutal as ever, it has some wonderful and funny lines and it gives the rest of casting a master class about how to fight the movie. The guy enrages the presence of the screen and you can easily see how it became a star. The guy scares my life, but I'm sure I was not the only person to watch this movie that roots for Bolo until the end of the fight! <br /> <br /> All in all, then a sub-kung fu movie has raised some huge notches because of you know-who. I have never met a person who does not believe that Bolo Yeung was great. Man is a legend!
