I saw this movie on the History Channel today (in 2006). First, I realize it's not a documentary - it's a drama. But we might hope that at least the critical "facts" that the story is about might be based on real events. Reagan was shot, and the other characters were real people. The movie is right. From there, addiction to deeds quickly decomposes. I've never heard of this movie before seeing it. Being a TV reporter at those events, I was amazed that I did not hear anything about the bizarre behavior of Secretary Haig presented by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation has heard "I'm in control ...", etc., but Dreufuss "Haig is swallowed up by a cowered cabinet and completely out of personal control. After watching the movie, I began to investigate the subject on the Internet and quickly found cassettes audio and transcriptions of most Room Room conversations, which this movie claims to be resurrected. Incredibly, many "main facts" of the film, meant to show a White House, a Secret Service, etc. in total chaos - and the leadership of the nation behaving irrationally and leading the world close to the threshold of nuclear war - are obviously incorrect, they have not happened, there is an internal conflict, sure Haig is making mistakes, the performance of the press room is historically regrettable and "difficult" But there is nothing close to the scenes described in the movie. There are too many gross errors, but any correct comparison of recorded and written records and the fantasy of this ilm raises the question of what producers are really trying to achieve. Lights? Inform? Fun? I think they failed on the three fronts. It is difficult to assign reasons to others, but we must seriously ask what is behind such a shameless invention. And, as far as the tracking document of the Channel History Channel's "Reel to Real" is concerned, there is almost no reference to the underlying issues of the film - that is, the events in the Administration on the shooting day. So, the spectator was left to investigate the people without much - if necessary - help from the network.
