I participated in one of the premieres last night and I have the following comments: 1. Just because you have directed a ton of music videos, do not make you qualified to make movies. The film had a lot of pictures that did not make sense, terrible angles and terrible lighting. Editing did not help at all at this mess. When "Dixie" appears late for the memorial service, her mother noticed her hand, but it is never clear what the hell is talking about her. <br /> <br /> 2. Plot promised, but the scenario was thin and full of Ford Truck-sized holes. We never get to understand what the characters are leading, what really lies behind the conflicts they all have or exactly how they solve them. Sixteen years of distances are wiped out in 4 days apparently by magic. Deep conversations were affected by silly clichés. (Indeed, the whole city was a big cliché of southern life.) Half of the audience cried when Toby pulled her "You took my blood running through your veins" ... and I was treated to that insipid line not date, but TWICE! Revelations were the indulgence, and the dramatic confessions melted into "I was stupid and stubborn." <br /> <br /> 3. The act was fine, given the scenario scenario it was supposed to work with. Toby was dark and overturned most of the movie, but when he smiled and shone, it was charming. It's a shame that she did not have much time on the screen. Kelly Preston's work is pretty rusty and looks. Lindsay Haun is talented and is certainly not her fault, the writers have made her so inappropriate at first that you do not blame her father for not coming to look for her. Burt Reynolds and Tess Harper were able to make more of this film, but they still seemed more or less lost. (And indeed, their characters are lost in this movie!) 4. If you are a Toby fan, you will love the songs. But, often, the movie felt like a scene was forced to include one of its songs - or the artists on its label. For example, the film's official love song is "Crash Here Tonight". You'd think it would play around a delicious love scene, but we're not ... we're about 45 seconds when we're going to a memorial service. It was like he said, "Well, we need to use this song somewhere." The song "Broken" is haunted and the best thing to get out of this movie. In summary ... a promising plot does not fully develop and the movie is horribly uneven as it is forced to be a vehicle for Toby Keith's music and product placement for Ford Trucks. It's about making people rebuild broken bridges to try to be about the power of music, but the story is said so badly that both points will be lost in this overcrowded musical movie. I like Toby and I really liked to like "Broken Bridges," but the people he thought to make this movie to let him down and deserve one of his famous boots you know where.
