This 1970s television production, starring Susannah York and George C. Scott, is another proof of the difficulty of adopting "Jane Eyre" on the screen and how much it can go wrong. It is true that the movie suffered during DVD transfer - some scenes that were complete in the original were shortened and edited so badly that there are continuous success rooms and that even a crucial scene between Jane and Rochester starts in the middle of a sentence! But even if the editing was better, the movie would not have been. The script is bad, the portrayal of characters is untrue for the novel, and almost all actors are mistakes. As a consequence, there is no sense of pursuing an adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel at all. The problem is not only that a number of scenes are shortened or abandoned - this is the case with all the short adaptations - but that the remaining scenes do not appeal to the tone, spirit, atmosphere and concept of the novel. This Jane Eyre, for example, leaves Gateshead completely and begins with Jane's arrival at Lowood. While this is perfect, because some scenes need to be left out, it is not understandable that instead of using the time earned (so to speak) and describing in detail Jane's friendship with Helen, the influence that has Helen on Jane's development, the lecture in Christian stoicism, which he teaches, the film focuses almost exclusively on Helen's evil treatment, which is led to absurd extremes in this adaptation. What Helen has to suffer is quite bad as it is described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison that deliberately intends to lead Helen to premature death. And that's all that happens to Lowood. If you compare this to the deep impact of the years spent in Lowood on Jane in the novel, it can be said with regret that the film does not even touch the surface of that episode in Jane's life. And this is the problem during this adaptation: it hurries from stage to stage, very often without transition, and nowhere near the essence of the novel. Dialogues are a strange mix of lines and lines made of the novel, very crowded with each other, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so short that they both share only five minutes together on the screen before falling in love and the little conversation that they contain nothing about the radiance, intensity and humor of the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the screenwriter not only did Brontë's language unjust, but also managed to ruin his moral setting with a single sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after the wedding, Rochester says, "Still, I loved her once (his wife) as I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an amoral scheme and that he was caught marrying a crazy woman he never loved and that his effort to seek a true partner life is, unless it is sanctified by the law of God and man, yet understandable and forgiven! But this one sentence completely undermines the moral concept built by Brontë and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a young wife because his old wife no longer has any use for him. From casting error errors: Now I'm never one of those who insist on the physical likeness between the actor and the literary figure she portrays, but without any imagination it is possible to imagine the beautiful, blond, blue - spoke Susannah York as a simple heroine of the novel. In addition, Ms. York was thirty years old when the movie was shot and looked at him. Played on her, Jane's timid, reserved and inexperienced young man becomes a perfect, graceful and mature woman, completely sure of herself and her desires. I'm not saying that Susannah York is not playing well and convincing, but the woman she's portraying is not Brontë's Jane Eyre. To cast George C. Scott as Rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a Rochester that looks big enough to make the 18-year gap between Jane and Rochester plausible. Scott looks like he is about 50 years old, but acts in different scenes as if he were 70 years old. To compliment the "maturity" of the main actors, all the passion, desire and despair seems to have deliberately exploded the scenario. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional climax of the novel, has become a calm and rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester is asleep. When Jane returns to the last scene, he is just as happy as a grandfather who has just visited the old man's home by his favorite niece. The only character displaying an adequate amount of emotions is St. John, of all men. Ian Bannen plays him so passionate, and his jovial love of Jane is so moving that we have the impression that Bannen is shaping St. John in Rochester's novel. But good, though Bannen is, St. John is as far from Roman as Jane and York's York Rochester. The only features of this "Jane Eyre" are very disappointing places and score, and I would recommend this production only to those who want to track and compare each adaptation of "Jane Eyre".
