I saw this film at the Rotterdam Film Festival (January 2006) and then followed the discussion between the director and the public. Many people reacted shocked and protesting. He will receive a lot of negative criticism. But: the world is cruel like this and it's not funny. People do not like it. This in itself does not mean the movie is bad. I see the difference. Do not drag the messenger that shows us the world outside of "hubble"! Still, I think it's a bad movie. Film-technical is a good one. Beautiful pictures and scripts, music that fits best, great actors. The director claims to make a psychological film, but the psychology is of poor quality. The description of violence so powerful in itself is not art. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind this violence. How does a shy boy come to such cruelty? The director pretends to describe it - but he's not good at it. The director has used the word "egoism" of people several times, mentioning, for example, the teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish, just one of several roles, taking care of his students and worrying about his script. I think it's a simplification to call it selfish. The atmosphere in the village is terrifying, and my mother has made terrible mistakes ("that you have given me terribly"), but it does not become credible for me, many miseries are caused, that the most shy boy comes to such things terrible. In fact, reality is much more complex than the way, this film describes? and needs much better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Describe this process for me so we can understand. With the sentence written at the end, the director said to indicate an alternative way of life. It was another extreme and confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists who promote black and white thinking. The link between film violence and society has been proven. Using such violence gives the responsibility to use it correctly. There are many black / white thinkers in the world, causing many wars and misfortunes. I hope this movie will not be successful.
