Real or not always has an impact. In this movie, violence is as strange as you can ask. In the Great Ecstacy, the director has successfully demonstrated what extreme violence they are capable of. But what was the purpose? Violence looks like a mixture of Noah's "Irreversible" and Kubrick's "Orange Clockwork Orange" ... both of which are remarkable. Do not misunderstand me, I do not oppose in any way to monitor violence and I have seen some ugly things in my filming years, but this whole movie is totally minor. The story is never developed enough to provide any reason for extreme violence, the thin motif of the rhyme paper we give to Robert's resignation is his introduction into drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character who is partly responsible for Robert's drug death, but he's on the screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is unable to cope with Robert, I'm not sure what any of these actors does in a movie with this small caliber. The act is wooden, the kitchen scene with the TV and his wife, for example, it is just as painful to look at if not more than the shocking finale - who wrote these dialogues? Some of the boys' comments ... "it looks like they enjoy it" are so daring as to tempt people to laugh if it was not Clay's burning desire to bombard us with serious pictures of feminine genital mutilation. Why should we present such details, possibly, to the director's adolescent obsession with sadistic pornographic images ... just ask the psychology of this young man. The "political sense" of the film has repeatedly brought to our attention because of the number of scenes; in the bar, outside the TV house, war in the reports in Iraq, was perhaps too obvious in my opinion. Yes, war is violent, social determinism causes frustration, we are all predisposed to violent acts, whether you are in politics or on the street. Eliminating all of these things, as part of the same fundamental problem, avoids the current issue is the meaning of violence in man. This problem is one that we have not yet been able to understand, and certainly not in this film. My opinion: derived, badly made and useless.
