There is only one word for this movie. Awful. The director is clearly talented, but his character, Robert Carmichael, throws him away. Carmichael has potential, but Cray can not be bothered to use it. Being attracted to minor crimes and then descending into depression is Cray's vision of British youth. Like the British tabloids, this film portrays young people without aspirations or respect. Cray calls for attention but does not deserve any. I was frightened of the violence that Cray chose to push him to the audience. He assumes that the public does not know the atrocities of the world. As a piece of obscene graffiti on a wall of toilet, he shows us the male depravity with a teenage. Some quality actors have small parts in this movie. Danny Dyer and Leslie Manville are making short appearances. The actress is otherwise amateur, young men Joe and Ben are stealing away. Carmichael played by Daniel Spencer is creepy. Miranda Wilson plays Monica, the appealing wife of chef Jonathon (Michael Howe); how he was able to obey such an ordeal is beyond belief. The film is never subtle, and Monica is treated to the most gratuitous violence that is cut off by warfare. War images are used to convey the idea that young people can not help themselves, that acts of violence will even occur in "civilized" countries. This is certainly true and symptomatic of our altered society, where men have a less important position, but Cray descends to the barbarian men they are trying to expose by using such brutal and violent images. The female characters in the film offer no relief. They're either victims, or in Manville's case a washed-out mother. The community is represented as dysfunctional. This is Cray's first movie. I listened to what he said during a Q and A session at Edinburgh, and he is not unintelligible, he simply has no experience and his film expose his naivety. The film is due to be released later this year, but I hope the company will bust, because the audience does not need this sort of messy stuff.
