I'm always cautious about taking too much time to complain about a movie. Look at it a month later and you might see it differently or enjoy it after 50 years on a different continent, and some followers of the cult find something remarkable from a stylistic point of view that went unnoticed at beginning. After staying in the Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael at the premiere in the UK, I was not surprised to find the question and answer more interesting than the movie itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), helped by the director and producer of the film, offered a fiery defense of a film rather than receiving a general negative response from the public. Edinburgh festivals are not easily shocked. Only one person came out of disgust. The critics of the film were very articulate and constructive from the lay public, as well as an actor and a woman who teaches film directors from M.A. It was not a "shocking" movie. There was a degree of uninterrupted sexual violence, but far less extreme than many movies (the most real contact with weapons was hidden, as were the genitals). The audience did not like it because they stayed in two hours rather boring, where the standards of action were not lifted, where the plot was poor, predictable and pulled, and where they were subjected to embarrassing and pretentious filming about the promise of a controversial film. The metaphors of the Iraq war are contrived, over-accentuated and negligent (apart from a general hint of violence, any more profound meaning is unclear); and the reference "fig leaf" Marquis de Sade, as a member of the public said, seems to be a simple tokenistic excuse for the lack of development of the plot to the end. We have the story of a teenager who has a certain amount of money for him (he's getting up to school for his musical skills), but he's taking drugs and resting with young people who have little or nothing to go for, and whose criminal activities extend to rape and violence. When pushed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence inside him. The film is not entirely worthless. The audience is left to decide how Robert got this way: was the influence of his colleagues? Why did all the good influences and concerns of parents and teachers fail to incorporate it into a better life approach? From a cinematic point of view, is there a carefully mounted scene in which it blocks itself (either through too many drugs, shyness, a latent sense of morality, or just waiting for its turn?). Some of his friends are killing a woman in a back room, partially attached and framed in the center of the screen. In the foreground of bare bones, a DJ is more concerned about the fact that the cries of the girl interrupt her house music happily than any thought for the woman. Finally, he is a little upset if their activities attract police attention. Strict juxtaposition of the joy of the music headphones, even when he knows a rape, directs himself to the point of contempt for him in a deeply disturbing manner. Robert drops back to us at the forefront. But the rest of the movie, including its controversial point of view, which involves considerable sexual violence (if not too realistic) is not at this standard. Some people have had a strong reaction to this (the stated intention of filming: "If we vomit, we managed to make a reaction"), but especially - and from what I can tell you the reaction from Edinburgh seems to reflect the Cannes reports - They feel, "Why did the programmers take us into such inferior quality movies?" Director Clay Hugh can talk about speech, but has not developed an artistic vision. His responses to keeping a mirror alive to tell the truth about things under the carpet, even his defense that there is a small screenplay because he did not want to make a standard Hollywood movie - all are good answers to critics, but unfortunately, do not apply to his movie, more than they do to keep a mirror while someone is unleashed, or loses his movie while singing hearts with symbols. Wanting to try to give him any long-standing doubt, I spoke to him a few minutes after watching, but I found him as disgusting as his movie and soon I moved to the bar to wash my mouth with something much more substantial. There are many truths. One aspect of art is education, another to entertain, another to inspire. I asked him whether he had a social or political agenda and mentioned Ken Loach (one of the many big names he takes in vain) without going so much as to admit any program himself. Then he falls back on the mantra about his work of telling the truth. I'm left with the feeling that it was a too ambitious project for a new director or something else a dissonant attempt to put on the map by advertising for the second time Andy Warhol could paint a tin of soup and art. Clay Hugh would like to emulate the great directors who made a controversial film and pushed the borders. Unfortunately, his ability at this time extends only to high apology for a film that seeks advertising.
