I'm not sure what dragged me into the cinema to watch this movie, but a few minutes after I started, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while we hoped that at least the story would surprise me, but then I realized it was a waste of time, there was nothing there. I just stayed because I had another show after her. Design: Some pretty designs, especially from the environment, but the characters were terrible in terms of both animation and design. They look great in time - on posters and screenshots, but not when they have to come to life! They did not work, especially because the same mistake made by most 3D companies: Technically, it is very hard to create natural materials in 3D, which would make you feel that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (here money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, fabric, etc. These characters in the movie were made of "cloth", and it just did not work! So they had this ugly cold feeling of computer simplicity, where the cloth stretches out or squeezes like a piece of plastic. It simply did not have the sense of a material, that dolls were made (that is, those characters would be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for characters. He just had a sense of 3D game on his computer. I do not want to go to the cinema to have a computer game on my screen, I do not know about you ... The animation was also a shame. I am a professional animator and was extremely disappointed with the low animation level of "9". He was rigid, boring, almost devoid of any imagination or mood. It was just over the most average 3D animations I've seen, and that adds nothing good ... And all this - the bad character design and bad animation could be solved with a good story, right? It was not the case here. Actually, the story was the worst thing in this movie. It was at any level. It starts straight away, goes straight and ends the same. There is no turning, no surprise, no good dialogue, no development. I've heard and seen stories about cars that go beyond mankind thousands of times and "9" is just one of them and we know how it ends in the very first minute of that movie. The characters do not even have time to get into the story - they're just there, they're almost on their way, and immediately some of them take action without knowing what's going on. It simply did not work. There are also many repetitive action sequences that seemed to be made to fill time for lack of a story ... <br /> <br /> Action, sound and script - oh, what's my says, it was pathetic. The bad story has a bad script and, except for dialogues such as "No, do not do it!" "I will do it!" "But ... you can not do it yourself!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" But we have to save him! etc etc and so on, all the time, so that, besides these terribly pathetic dialogues, there were those non-stop "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", "Oooh", "Whatchout"! "And" OhOhh! " almost every jump, rolling or falling of the characters, and even sounding as if they were synchronized or even unrecognizable. Conclusion: bad, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad scenario, bad characters, everything you expected, no surprises, no twist, nothing. Only a few good models are not worth the time. BIG NO!
