I can not seriously believe Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, the two people they love, signed to produce these crap. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest I've lost interest in him for a while since his latest movies were either remakes or adaptations. It produced a brilliant Nightmare Before Christmas, which is one that I have watched many times and directed movies such as "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", which are great movies. Bekmambetov directed 3 movies that they love: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I just saw the three of them, but they prove he's a wonderful director. The two people who produced one of the many reasons were delighted to see 9. Today I went to go see him at the theater. I was so delighted that I finally saw it. I waited seven months for the movie to stand out. This movie is the first time I left a movie by Tim Burton and told me: "I liked almost NO". I felt my heart crushed to feel that way. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov at the helm you would have expected this movie to be a good watch. Right now I can not go over the way I was down with this movie. I did not even hear about the original movie before seeing it, but now I can say successfully that this movie should have been a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made a remarkably long-lasting remake of Alive in Joburg, entitled District 9, which was so hard to get right 9? I really wanted to think this movie was great. I did. But no, it failed on so many levels. The terrain was extremely confusing and disjoint. I did not know what was going on, not to mention what it was all about. Basically, it's a bunch of doll robots trying to save the earth. Well, well, that's what I got from her. But the writing here is extremely poor. The whole film jumps around like an old man aged 6 with A.D.D. saying a story. There is this huge, gigantic robot, a clandestine monster that wakes up, causing destruction and stuff. This is the main villain. However, what else is wrong with this movie is that EVOLUTIONS ARE OUT FROM NOWHERE. There were too many monster robots, most of which do not have a logical explanation behind them. They have a development. I mean, that ptorodactyl flying like a monster just blows from nowhere, we have no idea where it comes from, and Acker expects us to know what it is. What was even more retarded was that snake-like creature with stroboscopic eyes that hypnotize. I dare you to give that description to others aloud and to expect them not to laugh. All three people I've said about it broke into laughter. Oh, she packs the victims and puts them inside. ARE. NOT. Kidding. Twisting in Act III is the most delayed aspect of the whole movie. In fact, 9 returns to the room where he wakes up, finds this box with a hologram from the 9-year scientist and tells him that the great scary machine robot was designed to bring the robot's life to the earth, but then people wicked use it for war and should have contributed to the protection of the earth, but then the scientist gave his life at 9, so that it could help protect the world with it. And only he mentions that he gives his life. 9. But what about the other robots? WHO HAVE HIS LIVING FOR THEM ????????? This is the perfect example of the poor, hurried writing. There is only one of the things the life device has, like the other 8 that gave them life ??????? Nor can the characters be dear. He risks his life for no reason. The only good character is 7. 6 I got angry with "GO BACK TO THE SOURCE !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is a bitter idiot, 2 we do not know anything, 5 is annoyed with "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here ..."? questions. And that's over? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks the end was a huge moment in the WTF. There is nothing to redeem about this turd, except for its beautiful animation. Everything seems realistic and beautiful, I like the grim and depressing aspect of all things. However, beauty can not save a good movie. While it is true that this movie is very beautiful, quite as beautiful, and 9 does not bend. I'm sure Burton's fans will meet at the theater to see this movie no doubt, in fact, with his name and Bekmambetov being thrown around the promos, people will meet at the theater to see this movie. I know he can make a big deal out of nothing, but watching this movie made me realize how much I hate movies with inappropriate characters, a nonexistent plot and purely pure style over content. And this movie is one of those movies.
