My thoughts about the film, 9 It was not good, it's not good at all. From a visual point of view, it was great. I was pleased with the rhythm of rhythm, room angles, etc. Still, the characters? eh, a little gentle. Plot? It was sucked. This movie seemed more cracked than anything else. Organized religion is presented as fearful and fearful. Science is not portrayed better. Create a monster weapon that kills everything ... but "souls" have the power to destroy monsters and bring life? Really? That's something that bites my ass a bit. Here we have a CGI movie ... created with science ... and using it to give us the message that science will destroy the world, while promoting the idea that spirituality will save us? At least they had the decency to have one of the characters who asked, "Okay, so what now?" (or something similar). I could not hear too well, because the crowd immediately rose and made a break for the exit. It was a "good ... it was just a bit of fun enough to stay here for the whole movie, but now let's get out of here as soon as possible!" output type. This is one of those movies where you can not think if you want to enjoy it. Look at the visuals and shake your head nicely. Any thought: "What is the purpose?" will suck you from unbelief, and make you look for the sign of outwardness. <br /> <br /> Good ... SPOILERS are coming. In fact, a scientist creates the "machine" that is capable of creating intelligent, robotic life. Bad people use it as a weapon. However, the scientist realizes that he is also guilty. He gave the machine his intellect, but he did not give him the heart. <br /> <br /> The machine goes Skynet to the collective bottom of humanity and wipes all the life of the earth, eventually slowly. However, the scientist manages to survive and create puppets with stockings. Each of them, which contains a piece of the soul of the scientist. The last, # 9, wakes up without knowing anything about the world. He sees a strange device and raises it. He meets with another as himself, # 2. Well, # 2 is captured by the last surviving robot of the Machine. # 9 finds more like himself and is preparing to save # 2. They succeed. <br /> <br /> # 9 notes that there is a suitable hole that suits the device perfectly. He introduces it and the car returns to life ... pulling soul # 2 in the process. The film then continues with Action 9 scenes, trying to rescue compelled souls. <br /> <br /> Finally I manage and destroy the car. They release the souls of their fallen friends, who rise up into the clouds. Then it rains and we see life returning to the planet. Hunh?!? That does not make sense. Not at all. Why the hell did the scholar want to share his soul in nine homemakers? What did she do? Have they been created to stop the car? Everything is dead! The car is dead! Why did he bother you? Why did he expect nine small creatures to succeed when he had nothing else? Why not create a second intellectual machine, but a "soul" to fight the first one ... at least it would seem that it had a reasonable chance of success. Why did they have to do this? have the souls blown up in the machine and then destroy the Machine and then release the souls to bring life back to earth? Why do not you just wait for the camera to stop and bring it back without the rest of the crazy steps?
