First of all, this movie is not a complete disaster. If you have never heard of Gram Parsons's real story then it might seem a reasonable diversion. Johnny Knoxville can not really be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - it's good enough to look back and down on the ground and you can root the roots for every man who has been suffering for a long time. Michael Shannon is due for almost the same reasons, except that he is a hippy stoner. There are some individual good comedy scenes - hippy-hearse crashing into the airport door hayon stands out. But there ends the good things and we start to see the aspects that make this film really disappointing. Robert Forster's character, Gram's father, is such an embarrassment that he casts a stain on the film. We all know that his real dad committed suicide when he was young - something that could certainly be compared to Gram's life on the edge of a better film. The fact that Forster is his true father, not his stepfather, would be bad enough, if not for the good Gram knew and the one who flew to gather his body. It was suggested that his stepfather acknowledged that he had given Gram's mother alcohol while she died, and that this upset Gram when he later found out about it. Also, the controversy over the place where Gram's body was buried would certainly be a good reason not to invent a well-done father to catch the duo and their nun but then allow them to continue with burning. Regardless of the truth about the man Gram received from Parsons's name, he had no resemblance to Forster's character here, and it is hard to see why this role was written. Then add Christina Applegate as a greedy cat (yet very beautiful, of course) who wants Gram's body back so he can start making money on his property. Her character and her acting does not exist, and she wonders why the director did not just go to the pig and included a lesbo scene between her and the chick playing Kaufman's girlfriend (it would not have reduced the tone to much). When you think about the ingredients that could have been used in a good film about Parsons, the shortcomings of this movie are easy to see. Country music changed by a young, polite, southern gentleman who was also long-haired, drug-loving, popular with ladies, and ultimately self-destructive. Real events, such as the collapse of hay doors and robberies and painted friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we must focus entirely on Kaufman's contribution to Gram's life. Kaufman obviously avoids the state of worship he has received for what he has done (certainly a small cult). It is clear from interviews that he is delighted with the attention paid. Remember this is the man who made a remark about Gram Parsons's naked body as he was preparing to sit him. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but an enriched alcoholic escape. Looking at Knoxville and the director in interviews, a few things become clear. It is obvious that they do not really understand the story of Gram's life and they do not want to have it. They want a movie about an event that is infamous and crazy. It was an amazing life with a weird ending. That the end is the only thing covered by this film shows how clear an understanding of Gram Parsons had decision makers.
