I'm not sure if users should be allowed to see the movies after they were only half, but I'm afraid I could not stay for another minute. If this abusive excuse for a movie is not too late, a big GP who rotates like a wheel in the tomb, then I doubt that anything will be. The excellent review above "Not a movie for Parsons fans" sums up most of my feelings. How a director and a writer (second rate) dare to try something they are so clearly incapable of bringing. What did they think? Where to start? SCRIPT: I thought I'd get a bit of a bitter American. What I received was a poorly executed slapstick, with no inevitable cliché left. Hippy stupid? Check it out. Child full of fat? Check it out. Contracts full of plot? Check it out. Female characters embarrassed? Double check. Total ignorance for the story you're trying to portray? Check. After a while, you realize that what you are watching is soap and not a very well written. The scene with Knoxville. Scene with girlfriend Ex. The scene with Knoxville, which has not moved too much. The scene with Ex girlfriend was a bit like the last. And so on ... DIRECTION: My friends and I decided, for a few reasons, that the look was like watching a bad episode of Quincy or maybe a Dukes of Hazzard, especially poor. So bad was the direction. Heavy jumping holidays, awful work of the camera, insults and laces in the scene. God, he was trustworthy. And then I discovered that the director was an Irishman who is most noteworthy that the recent work is a nice BBC night drama called Monarch of the Glen (trust me, is the smallest common TV denominator). And then it all made sense ... ACTING: Are we so critical that when a random TV guy decides to give an act, if not so bad, applaud his efforts? Knoxville JUST ABOUT manages to go through every scene. Poor Christina A. is not lucky. Her performance is a car accident (though what you do with these lines, I do not know). Hippy around: Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. Did not we move from Cheech and Chong? I could do it, but I guess you let me go. What I would say is that, as other reviews have said, no one on this film clearly gives a curse to The Byrds, Flying Burrito Brothers, or Gram's solo work. They did not know anything about the American road movie and definitely fucked up trying to do something with a truly decent story in rock mythology. This movie was superficial, she did not manage to explore anything and it was the jaw dropped from the beginning ... oh wait, I did not finish enough. And I suggest you stay away.
