If you are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, then this movie will surely divide you! Comedy comedy, road movie, but especially a bad fiction of one of the strangest stories of rock history. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS Practically, the story refers to a renowned road called Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville), who "supposedly" made a pact with Gram Parsons , a country / country music hero who said when one of them died first (no matter which one) to give those who died in the desert, California Joshua Tree National Park to be exact and to you make them burn the body ... to free the spirit and become one with the earth and so on! Surely, to keep his word Kaufman barely awake, with the help of a bitter friend with his head in pots, surrounds the body of late Parsons - who was fatally overwhelmed by a drink of drugs and drink the day before the airport. Shortly thereafter, what is happening is a combination of fiction and truth, in which Parsons's girlfriend, Kaufman's girlfriend, hair-daded father with Parsons, and a lot of police officers and other idiotic idiots try to beat the clock to talk) in an attempt to catch Kaufman and his friend before they have the chance to torch the Parsons body! <br /> <br /> The incompetent direction of the movie, bad action and offbeat tone generally lashes this movie faster than the Titanic. Not to mention that this film does not even tell half the truth about the real events that have taken place. The explanations that should have replaced the inaccuracies, as far as I heard them, include: number 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child, so what the hell was that everything with his girlfriend and the one who he was also a follower of what was not, number 2, friend of Kaufman, a drug addict, was a known participant (in contrast to what the film is trying to portray) in the arrangement of Parson's body and finally number 3, the real- of Gram Parsons when he was just a boy, and so was Parson's passionate father (who could have sincerely cared for Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in the real life care of the body after it was burned! However, what probably bothers me most about this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually on the set to help the facts in the story. Still, the movie has become so untrustworthy and so bad that it fools me, honestly! <br /> <br /> Also, as the mediocre mentioned above, which is acting in the film, it is a main character played by Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), who is not just a bad actor, but even seems to be asleep along most of the film, and the rest of the pathetic pieces are mostly either hysterical, brain dead, or they seem totally indifferent to what they actually do there, first of all! Overall, if you like Johnny Knoxville and / or really dig so-wrong-them-no-good-good-good-moves then I think you could take a shot at this movie! But if you are like me and you are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, enjoy movies that try to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they rely on a true story of real life and or you like good movies, road movies or fictitious slice stuff, you'll really have fun with this movie and advise others to do the same. Of course, I hated this movie and I wanted it not to have been done first, but since it was done, I would have preferred it to have proven otherwise than what it did, unfortunately! Perhaps one day, the real facts of the story will come and be transformed into a truly great biopic in Gram Parsons's life ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit left him. But until then everything comes as a public, or the fans of the third performer, is a waste of the film and a terrible unconscious memorial of the musical heritage Gram Parsons was known about. It should also be noted that they actually used Parsons music, but a few others, but it is not surprising that you will never hear enough to really enjoy even the slightest bit. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
