From questions and answers before and after, this is what I can add: An Irish guy wishes to make a movie. Nothing in particular, just any movie. So, one evening at a party, he hears an ex-roadie telling him a little classic rock n 'roll lore; one about how Gram Parsons 'body was stolen from LAX by his loyal way so that he could honor Parsons' wishes to be incinerated in JoshuaTree. Wow! What a good idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (good, country), robbed of grave, escape, friendship, the' 70s! I think we could take Johnny Knoxville from Jackass because it's kind of a joke, and Knoxville wants to make a "movie." Why should he have thought he had the next "Snatch" on his hand ... But this story is not that exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to fight against ... like a psychotic mood after his money! But Parsons was married at that time. That's okay, nobody knows that. Besides, we could get Christina Applegate. But if the audience does not like the idea of ​​stealing a corpse, we'll take his father to join the pursuit, but give permission in the end. But Parsons's father committed suicide when he was 10, in fact his orphan status and tragic childhood are essential parts of Parsons Mythology. Mythology? We make a movie! This is a creative problem solving. It is an inconvenient experience for anyone who is vaguely knowledgeable or interested in the subject. Applegate's presence doubles. First of all, his invented character is a Beverly Hills bitch before her time - a cell phone could have gone around the whole movie, and secondly, what kind of a man Parsons would be if he were associated ever with that type of harp? The facts are not just distorted or abandoned, but REVERSED. He could have easily found the bastard they wanted in Parsons STEPfather, who was trying to return him back to his home state, where the law would favor the division of considerable inheritance. And the music, oh, the music I love. The music is hacked (the bridge of a song here, the choir there), forced into the background, and eventually horribly covered by the hippest new indie band, the Starsailor. My girlfriend asked the useless, but irresistible question after the movie - was there anybody, the writer, the producers, the director, actually a fan of Gram Parson? Well, no. He never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, bla bla bla, I learned to love him and here are some facts I read in an online bio. Another guy who enjoyed Parsons' cooler saying that he and Keith Richards were stuck together with acid and wrote "wild horses" together, a lot of mixed things as out of the movie. Another person asked, was it not morally questionable to rewrite history when most people would only know about it in this film? He had the real permission of the driver (even made available), and parks in Parsons gave permission, and all the others who received the salaries told me it was great. But what I was asking was, and asked the shivering voice of a truly passionate parson, was it if the movie was made so cheap (a million) if they did not consider the Gram Parsons public as original? The director and the writer seemed to think there was no fanfare, though I doubt that any reading by Mojo would have agreed with country-rock 70 music fans. But a bunch of Britons did it and I think they did not they cared about the American cosmic music or even knew it existed. This is not just a true Parsons movie, it's not even in the right spirit - it does not even fit the legend. At least he should have had the sentiment of one of his songs. And a lot of people would like to be told. I should mention the movie was well received from a bunch of painted college children right on the slopes and in Johnny Knoxville. But if you are a fan of Parsons ignore the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
