Scarecrow is located in the small American city of Emerald Grove, where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered by college students and colleges locally. The poor child suffers daily humiliation, aggression, teasing and general well-being, destroying abuse in the hands of his colleagues. Unfortunately, he does not find much support at home since his mother is a whore, and after Lester has annoyed one of her blocks, she hits him on a cornfield and strangles the poor child. Nevertheless, something magical happens (no, the film does not suddenly become good), Lester's spirit is transferred into the scarecrow corn fields, which he then uses as a body to get revenge on those who have tortured him and made hell his life ... <Co-written, co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier, who according to the IMDb credit list also has a role in the film that I have called Mr. Duforq, although I do not remember any the character of this name, I suppose anyone who gets to look at IMDb for Scarecrow Scarecrow, will probably already be aware of the terrible reputation and I have to say that it is quite well worth it because it is terrible. The script by Itier, Bill Cunningham and Jason White uses the story often told one of the life losers who embarked on & tormented without any reason to retaliate by supernatural means in a relatively straight forward adolescent film slasher. I saw first of all, I saw criminal killers before, I saw teenage boyfriends being killed one-on-one before, I saw one of the losers of life taking revenge on him before, I saw wise breaking the villains who make jokes as they kill earlier and have seen the incompetent things in Sheriff's small town are even worse. The only real question to answer about Scarecrow Scare is if it's not fun to look at a teen-type slasher type? The answer is a resounding not to be honest. The movie has a horrible, horrific, dialogue, an inconsistent and predictable story, has some syrup-gaskets, such as when the scarecrow kills someone with a shovel he asks "can you dig it?" & The so-called tipping tip which is focused on leaving things open for a sequel is just blades The film moves at a reasonable pace but it is not so exciting and the killing is forgetful You know that I'm still trying to understand how it can be killed and killed with a corn stick ... Director Itier does not do a great job here, killing scenes are badly manipulated with no build anything that means there is never any tension as within two seconds of a character being introduced I'm also not happy with the type of killer scarecrow that makes all these back-flips and somersaults through the air in scenes that resemble that they belong in The Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu movies To give credit a real scarecrow looks really good and looks pretty cool, but not much to do, except for those with a single twig and a little heat. Do not you think being tied to a stake in the middle of a corn shot all day would be boring? I know he's a killer scarecrow, but I still say he would just be bored to hang on a stick of wood all day! There is no nudity & gore is nothing to write about home, there is a beheaded, someones face is burned, someone is killed with a corn stick, someone gets a shovel stuck in their throats, some raisins are stuck in the heads of people , someone has a heart attack and somebody has a metal thing stuck behind the back of their heads that comes out of their mouths. With an estimated budget of about $ 250,000 this was apparently shot in 8 days, well at least did not waste any time on incoherent things such as story and character development. From a technical point of view, this is pretty much the point, pull the hope for the best things. If you look at the guy on the floor who just had the heart pulled off you can clearly see he still breathes ... As it is sucks, the guy who played Lester's mother's type is wearing the worst looking wig and Fake must ever, because he played two roles in the film and the makers needed to hide it, but they got to make him look ridiculous and do not make me start with his accent ... Scarecrow has some fun moments & The scarecrow itself is a pleasant creation with great makeup effects, but overall the film is badly made, bad, bad, too predictable and very cheesy. If you want to see a big shot of the killer scarecrow, then check the scandals (1988). Do not be confused with the film "Scarecrow" by Gene Hackman & Al Pacino (1973) or the "Scarecrow" (2008) that is currently in production. Scarecrow turned out to be quite popular in the home movie to produce two more games directly in video sequences, Sperant Scare (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
