Are we honest? Al Gore no longer cares about the environment except those who deal with contacting the foot mushrooms. It's a hook! Do not make a mistake, Al Gore is POLITIC! Three years ago he was beaten / checked in his original state, making 70 km / h in a 55 mph area that does not drive a hybrid, a Yugo or even a GM subway, but a LINCOLN (go if you)! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood friends continue to use a private fuel jet to attend the "Uncomfortable Truth" awards. So much for conservation, Al? However, it takes a minute to look at the "Uncomfortable Truth" subjectively and to discover the fundamental flaws. While the film parades many seemingly impressed scientists to tell the public THE EFFECTS of the alleged "global warming," there is no scientist to tell us his alleged CAUSE. For example: they can take a hundred people to a car park and can indicate a car that is not running properly. BUT I can tell you with any degree of certainty WHY? Generally not! A second flaw, how accurate were the meteorological tools 100 years ago (the toilet was not invented yet)? What did they have, a June bug in a box? Hell, 50-60 years ago? So how do we know with any degree of certainty that the planet "warms" when records from the past are extremely questionable at best? Or that man is his only cause? The answer is that we are not and Science is NEVER a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time magazine made a cover that proclaimed a "new ice age". The truth is that any 6th grade science teacher, well-trained in Earth science, will tell you that volcanic errors, solar activity and El Ninos have more to do with eradicated climate change than assumed "Warming global ". Finally, what Al Gore fails to address adequately is; even if America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al, and to implement everything it recommends, how will we get the rest of the world to follow it when we can not reach such an obvious agreement as terrorism? Answer: It is a desire to think, Mr. Gore and you being a former US Vice President know! If the people who produced the "Uncomfortable Truth" were really honest, they would have titled their "Al Gore Wants Atention" movie. But what I would like is someone to ask the former VP; why were two of the planet's largest polluters (AKA China & India) exempted from complying with the Kyoto Agreements? Anyway, I have heard that the producers of A.I.T works on their next film, entitled "Gnomes, Zane and Elves: Our Friends in Danger".
