A really rotten is as simplistic and demagogic as weakness turgid created by republicans unsettling idiot, but link along the lines intangible until trying to confront a face, namely that we shall all be dead in a few hundred years, which is already incontrovertible, but who cares, people are selfish, destructive creatures, I honestly do not waste my time to worry about human extinction. I will call it a "natural progression." Leave apocalypse begins, but in the meantime, we must obey the same politicians Brazilian, tilt, offering another "new society" Well, do not be fooled, we will all still be controlled by the rich, of those in power and by the idiots who created the catastrophes first. Nothing will ever change. Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is evident in the film because he is driven into a car that finds gas alone, using a consuming computer, also lives on a huge acre of land in a fairly large mansion, the land itself was used for destructive purposes erosive, including cattle, tobacco, pig farms (which explains the traces of methane) and who knows what else, his wealth is based on exploitation, greed and its investments include many large companies in the world with records questionable. I do not think that this man is qualified to take the less fortunate, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, that is, he also emits the same rancidist characteristics that make politicians and politicians so terrifying. Does this bosom happen to live a comfortable life and yet teaches African poor people about agriculture and cutting and burning techniques? He travels the world with first-class chairs in fuel jets, uses computer-based computer products, and still thinks it's a "moral issue." He is totally absorbed in his misleading nightmares, says he has come to these conclusions because of his sister's death (from tobacco-induced cancer and near the death of his son with a car of all things). Has he fought tobacco companies or proposed to prohibit cars because they are dangerous cars? NOT. Everything has to serve "economy", so why is he different, the answer is that he is not. His cruel and exhausted attempts at humanist philosophy are disastrous, all while he is filmed in the woods or along a small river, avoiding eternal lives by quoting quotations. Well, Mr. Gore, why do not you try to live like the ordinary people then? He is a politician, simple and simple, has a career invested in the structure of power. My question is: why does it not focus on the powerful industrial nations of the earth who are to blame for most complications? He does not do this because he would not be wise for "investments, shares and corporations." Al Gore gives lectures dull about this subject in the documentary, that the people rich white public, which scourge tack, showing them graphic charts, numbers and percentages and speaking in a tone ridiculous, anyone without a university Harvard (which the elite controls it) can make sense of it, but he tells us everything goes to hell. I do not joke, but I think he fails to take this issue into account precisely in the approach that capitalism has taken for the planet, namely that a garbage can is consumable. He never mentions how industrialization has created these problems, he just wants to put light bandages on them, but not to eliminate the entire oppressive system. Obviously, he was spoiled, sent to schools for elites, and has the same policy temperament as anyone else who was stabbed and inconsistent in Washington. Whoever did this propaganda, because it is in no way different from what the Republicans conceived, had in mind only the goals that were directed by the capitalist impulse. That means someone will benefit and it seems that "green new" politicians support venture capital companies that buy a lot of land in an attempt to develop the "new utopian future" with "new technologies." It's the same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elitist structure, actually thinks there is a "democracy" in the US that I find very naive. If we do not pay the salaries of the oil companies, then we will pay them to the wind and solar energy companies. We have found that the final speech is quite rancid, in parallel with something GW Bush would have had to go over the bad masses, Gore talks about "people who joined together to defeat communism" in the 1990s, to do with global warming, absolutely nothing but trying to get the basic emotions rushed into people. However, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, the systems in Europe and the USSR were nothing but a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less different from what controls the interests of the United States. Social ecology has not even been mentioned here, which is indeed a transvestity. If you want to change the world then you must have the old systems that are based on greed, exploitation and violence.
