I really enjoyed this show once at a time. That's until I realized all the mistakes in her. It's so unrealistic. I know it's a fiction, but it's not even the slightest credibility. Here's why. ** Spoilers before people ... ** Should we really think that a child like Yugi would have descended from a pharaoh in ancient Egypt? Come on! It's the biggest stupidity on the face of the Earth. And what happens to the pharaoh's hair (Ather and / or Yami)? Last time I checked, the Pharaohs laughed (except for a small hair above her head) and wore luxurious hats. And should we be convinced that a rich boy-rich genius, called Seto Kaiba, can legally lead a successful business, while still having time to go to a small school such as "Domino High"? Puh-Leeza! First, you will need to be legally an adult to run a company. And that would not make him too brilliant, since he would be the only adult in his class. And secondly, why would he attend a school like "Domino High" when his business is clearly enough successful for him to attend an academy of fancy snobs? In addition, the side plots with his younger brother are so sappy and blade. Every time you come back, this kid was kidnapped by bad guys. * yawn * Nothing new, nothing new. Joey is the poor kid who lives with a good father for nothing. It is said that Joey earns all the money to go to school, because his father is an alcoholic, but you never see Joey doing something that resembles work. He does not even mention work. And his sister, Serenity, is a complete madman. Why would he choose a snob like Duke (who put his brother in a dog suit and publicly humiliated on television) by a guy like Tristan? Is she really brave? Different characters during the show, possessed by demonic forces, blow their souls out of demonic forces and fall into mental illness. (Oh, it's safe for kids, NO). Tea is the typical type of girl, whose sole purpose is to be Yugi / Yami's girlfriend. And while she has some cold spots for her, she does not have enough time to shine as the main character. The animation is simply awful. All the characters look dizzy and anorexic. Perspectives are terrible (especially when dealing with one's hand) and the colors look good but not stellar. But the worst plot hole in the series was that Yami says Millennium Puzzle can send souls back to their bodies. If that had happened, why did not he save Yugi's grandfather in the first place, when Pegasus stole his soul and saved the difficulty of recovering it? All that is really is commercial for itself. The only part of the plus is "Little-Kuriboh's" Yu-Gi-Oh: The Series Abridged ". Please. Do something more valuable. Also watch the abridged version. <br /> <br /> 1/10
