Hmm? I agree with the reviewer who said that "strangers with generous taste have reviewed this movie." I thought the movie was pretty exciting to watch her. I think this was primarily because of Marsden and Speedman - not the plot. The bottom line is that this film is slightly psychologically tantalizing on the one hand and profoundly homophobic on the other. Thumbs up the former and triple the thumb down on the latter. I'm not sure if the movie is meant to promote dialogue or spread fear and propaganda. I thought the acting was mediocre. A lot of conversation that was about 90 degrees tilted by reality. I wanted to give meaning to the plot, but in the end it's just a conversation with a crazy man (Speedman). I'm sorry for him (Speedman) because of his loss, but not really. Its loss is not greater and is certainly less than the losses suffered every day in the world by more important causes. Is the movie exposed to naive HIV / AIDS? Yes: That public target. HIV is a dark, mysterious, evil murderer? What about the victims? The answer to both questions is NO. Neither HIV nor its victims have any intention more or less malignant than lupus, multiple sclerosis, tuberculosis, hepatitis, cancer or their victims, for the sake of God. Just because a disease is transmissible does not do it either deliberately or negligently - or badly - it's just. Is this excuse ignorance or the risk of taking a stupid-tough? - NOT. Should all people practice sex safely? - YES. Secure sex will save the world? - NOT. Is sex safe realistic in all situations of love and lust among passionate and emotional human beings? ?? OF COURSE NOT. What kind of people would live if everyone would follow the rules, no one ever took risks, and sex was never spontaneous and passionate? Do I ignore the fact that the film is specifically about homosexual sex? ?? YES. HIV spreads by dividing blood or body fluids between infected and uninfected individuals. Sex is not necessary for transmission, homosexuality or otherwise. I am always disturbed by the intentional violence of one person towards another. Actually, I thought the film did a good job of describing the absurdity of Tom's violent kidnapping, his captivity and his intention to Dan, and this kind of crazy violence takes place every day. movie: Tom is crazy. Why does Dan not ask "why" you feel so, rather than "what are you doing"? Involvement: Men who have sex with men receive "AIDS" Involvement: HIV = AIDS Where was Tom's responsibility in sexual intercourse? Why was Dan's responsibility to use the condom? "maybe you slipped it before you blocked it?" What are we talking about here? Was it one of the unconscious parts? "Maybe she did not want to hear the truth" Joke me "She's in heaven and so incredibly wounded by what she now knows about me" ?? Is Dan's life if he has HIV? Of course not! That's why everyone is so homophobic? Do they think homosexuals are the cause of HIV, they will give it to the rest of the world, and we all die? are you kidding me??? People are really stupid enough to believe that homosexuality is the cause ... is the problem ??? Do we feel about tuberculosis victims? of malaria? Can I see that Tom is injured by his wife's death and blames him for AIDS, but seriously? who's the guy here? The victim or the virus? Disease is really the patient's responsibility? (assuming they did not seek and did not seek to spread the disease). Of course, safe sex is essential to a safe life, but it does not drive, do not fly, do not leave the house that does not live. Do we really want to blame the victims for illness? A safe sex between Tom and Dan has prevented Tom's wife from dying? Maybe, but not only Dan's responsibility. <br /> <br /> Tom is crazy. I mentioned this. Tom to Dan: "Can you get what you deserve?" COME ON! 24 days: Violent, naive and homophobic. Are I exaggerated? May be. But I think this film shows a fingering judge in homosexual men for their foolish and ill intention to a "right-wing" world by practicing unsafe sex, when the sex ratio of homosexuals practicing safe sex is proportionally equivalent or better than that of heterosexuals . We all need to wake up and get serious about HIV / AIDS. HIV kills hundreds of thousands of AFRICAN STORIES every year.
