Perhaps the PC version of this game was impressive. May be. I just finished playing the PS2 version and it's pretty much a complete mess. There are some elements that are good or promising. I will mention it first because it will end quickly. First of all, the idea of ​​a GTA historical game is an extraordinary one. The Gun game was a GTA-like historical game and unlike the Mafia, the Gun was excellent. I'd love to see a game set during the Mafia era. Then the story is well written. The story makes sense, has dramatic arcs, uses an unusual device (with much of the game being a backstory) and is interesting. Finally, some of the graphics - especially those used during the cutscenes - are impressive. Mafia designers seemed to focus on getting graphics in places where GTA gave up this effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the graphics are rather weird and I would rather have an excellent game than impressive characters. The mode of play is what decreases this title so low. First, the commands and the camera absolutely suck. This must be the first place of any game developer. You can not release a game where commands and / or camera sucks. Number one, there's no reason why the player's character, Tom, can not control his entire motion through the left analog stick. Unless it is absolutely necessary and difficult, I hate the configuration in which the left stick moves the character in a "strafing" manner, and the character can only use the right analog stick. Here is not just useless, but it makes most simple actions a challenge. For example, Tom has to go on a few missions. But the game is designed so badly that you have to keep frustrated handling both the analog stick and the camera, then press L1 every time you have to climb, or Tom will descend in return. I've never seen a worse combat system. The first problem is that you can not automatically test your targets or block them. In the first stage, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to block your targets, but that never worked. So, to focus on any enemy, you have to fight with the straight stupid analog stick and try to adjust both the character's orientation and the camera that tends to join the wrong angle or make Tom disappear all the time time. During this time, you'll probably be bombarded or shot down to death. Then, if you touch or almost touch an enemy - and that will certainly be the case for hand-to-hand combat or when using body weapons, the combat system - which consists primarily in touching or maintaining R1, is totally useless. Enemies can almost shoot you in a bear hug, but you can not move unless you return. Such a tight struggle tends to act by dragging the left analog stick, shouting to the character to move away, which will not make 50% of the time, then touching R1 as much as you before the enemy becomes too close again and makes R1 useless. And if your enemy will change your angle at the same time, you will try to fight the right analog stick to straighten your character in the right way and put the camera in position so you can see something. At that point, you'll probably be bombarded or shot again, and the only option will be trying to move the character again. My fights were often to make Tom run circles around an area as a comedy movie, hoping I could win enough time to fight the analog stick and take some pictures before it's back at AI's mercy. So much for realistic battles. And the same problems still exist when trying to fight with weapons. If you touch someone, half the time that the controller will not allow you to shoot a shot, yet they can hold you full of holes. In addition, there is no auto aim, and the targeting system is sensitively ridiculous, even if the sensitivity is set to zero in Options. Battle guns tend to be made of you, trying no doubt targeting or moving away, as the enemy shoots after shooting in you. Fortunately or not, the damage seems to be recorded almost randomly. It may take up to ten or more shots to destroy any character and there is no rhyme or reason for it. You can put five strokes in the enemy's head and near the empty point and they will still come back and hurt you. However, game designers seemed to take care of realism than they built a kickback in your targeting system, so after shooting pretty strong weapons, your target will float off the target and you will have to fight with it from new. <br /> <br /> <br /> As for the famous chart, except for the characters and textures you are approaching, it's actually quite disappointing. The distance always seems almost empty and nearby are often expansions of flat colors and textures nearby when you drive. The city was not very well designed. It is not quite varied and there are not many interesting things to see or do. Machines seem slow and difficult to control. They also all do the same. Some mentioned music, but that was also quite absurd. A much better thing could have been done for this purpose. Also, as many others have mentioned, loading time is ridiculous and constant. These tend to last for over a minute and appear between and in the middle of everyone - even the races. Generally, the mafia port for PS2, at least, seems to have been very hasty. The game feels and plays as incomplete hack work.
