Action in this movie smells. The plot does not make sense, but what we gathered should be about this scientist who develops the ability to transform people's personal objects into small steel balls, which then fly into the mouth and turn them into zombies (or blow in their head, any). And the effects are stupid. Most of the film is composed of bad music, and actors dancing as bad for bad music, intertwined with several boring sexual scenes. This should be one of the worst things ever done, but for one thing. A brilliant element of shear that makes Nightmare Weekend stand above all else. And this special quality is George's presence. George is the funny interface device between the scientist's daughter, Jessica, and the home security system. With his hair and his green nose, balding scalp and heart-shaped mouth, George is Jessica's guardian / confidant angel who asks him for advice on how to meet boys in one of the most dramatic pieces of dialogue he has ever captured celluloid. With his monotonous synthesized voice, George tells Jessica what proportions of men prefer women in white dresses, and also that hiking is the third best way to meet guys after discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica does not seem to be in trouble making George run the "Emergency Program Code: Jessica's Protection," which results in the violent death of an attacker who would have been Jessica through one of the steel balls mentioned above. Kubrick was an absolute madman because he thought he could give a computer personality using some red light frames. HAL should have been represented by our friend George to translate better compassion for his eventual death. Light and sound show at the end of "close encounters"? It's not bad, but how much would this film have been if the means of first communication with aliens were George's Handheld. Bishop, Data, R2? Kitchen Appliances Near George Almighty! He could only be in the movie for 8 minutes out of 90, but do not be fooled. This show is about George. Even with a limited amount of screenwriting, George joins the ranks of bright characters such as Hollywood Montrose, Majai and Pappy from New Moon Rising as icons of American cinema. "George at Apache" ?? you are my hero.
