Have you ever had a wonderful image in your mind that you thought it would be nice to be in a movie: Like seeing a detective peeking through the cracks of a broken fence of an abandoned house? Or seeing a woman walking in a street that looks cold and intense and terribly alert? Yes. Imagine stretching the image in a whole movie, you've taken the idea of ​​Broken pretty much, although there are no detectives in this movie, I just use it as a visual example. But the intense woman is here and she has filled nearly 99% of the screen time. I have nothing to complain about that woman, it's a perfect choice for this role. I consider myself a very open individual who can find joy in all kinds of artistic expressions and I can really enjoy some really moody stuff. It would be great if I can fit one of the scenes in this movie and hang it on the wall. Let's be honest here, the acting is superb. Some of the expressions faced by actors are what keeps me looking. Now on the issue of this movie. Beyond the mood there is nothing here. The director has practically made an obsession with the idea and has exceeded what he deserves. I do not think it's a spoiler if I say that obsession is "a mirror." Let's face this, this singular idea is all over the bloody place and that's what the director has to do. Granted, there are some twists and turns back and forth there. If you pay attention, nothing will surprise you at last, the obvious hole of plot aside. Now, I'm not taking bones with this art style because I enjoyed it most of the time. I still think we should judge an art base on the support it uses to express what artists want to express. The film is not a musical piece, an image, a painting or even a poetry, and certainly not just a wonderful image in your mind. All this is plus a good story and personal development. I think Lynch's style of movies is cheating. It is irresponsible and cheap and a loss of the environment. I gave movies 2 hours of film time for good reason. Therefore, we should judge it differently than judge a single frame of images such as a photograph or painting. This movie is not completely Lynch style, thank goodness. It has a linear development and eventually came to a conclusion. It does not have much story or character development. He presented himself quite seriously with characters composed of ordinary people, distancing himself from other fantastic things at least from the surface. It does not provide an explanation of the fantastic element and has never tried to build a coherent world around it. The oddness has come from nowhere and seems quite isolated and accidental. Perhaps the consistency remains in the head of the director, but from what he sees he did not make much effort to make it on the screen. Where did she put her effort then? It seems he has made a lot of effort to build the mood and improve it with music. Music has often been a tension that eventually turns into a sentence. Only in the later part of the film, hope and tension materialized. Finally, I felt: Okay, I know what you are trying to say here, but is that the point you are trying to do two hours of building all of these tensions? It's rather irrelevant to who the characters are and what kind of life they have. And we get very little about who the characters are. All we have is this circumstance that just took place. Disappointing but I think the director did not have much work to do and show.
