I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I watched the movies and can clearly tell what an intellectual movie should look like with a false message. Definitely, The Broken is not one of those movies. I have to admit that the film made me think a lot about trying to understand what she was trying to lead and, despite the explanations I read in the previous comments, it seemed just an exaggeration to have a self in the intellectual league of people . the picture on the cover clearly shows that Broken is the broken upper part of the face that normally contains the brain. It is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So start waiting for the characters of the movie to show their faulty faces, and this is not obvious in any of the scenes, because the film starts right away without putting their characters and their lives before. Although we see that the father has a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he is aware that he has enemies, but this is not a very strong hint. If the clues had been planted more in the film, they would have said that it was indeed a masterpiece. But although the film was so slow, it was at the same time so empty, without metaphorical scenes. And reuniting the evil father with the evil Genius at the end is a powerful proof of rejection of the existential messages that some have said in other comments. Moreover, if Gena really lives in the apartment, as her brother tells her at the end, then how is she doing the bad? I bet I can defy any theory about this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: this movie is a pretentious and a waste of time. Obviously, someone who's trying to make a meaningless mystery something that has no value at all. I'm a big fan of horror movies and some special songs that some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies should not send deep messages! They should discover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side that is the most true, I think. Horror films should have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. Because it is real horror and it is never far from reality. We have watched almost all the horror films and can prove that each of them can be as real as sunrise. Nothing is unreal as long as the mind was thinking. For example, the "Train" horror film, with all its jitter and tension, and its similarity almost to everything that happens with the Hostel, speaks of a very real thing that sells illegal organs by kidnapping people in foreign places where nobody they would not ask for them, or they would look for them. And even if we consider the movie Broken an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and the least frightening. I prefer the addiction message presented in Requiem for a dream that has surpassed drug addiction to emphasize that any kind of addiction to either sex, TV, safety / spoof, etc ... can be so destructive and scare me . And those who always criticize horror movies for being meaningless and very commercial are usually just a bunch of people who scare slightly and just do not like that, but that does not mean there are fans of some such films and that they have a lot to offer to the spectator from adrenaline disturbances, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertainment, most importantly, the face to face interview with the essence of life, so ugly and frightening, , The death!
