If the myth of broken mirrors were correct, everyone involved in this production would now have about 170 years of bad luck, because there are a lot of mirrors falling into small pieces here. If only the script was as shocking as the glass, then "The Broken" would have been a brilliant film. Now, unfortunately, it's just an extraordinary, derivative and boring movie, with just a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis made a very stylish and stylish film, but the story is not enough, and the total absence of logic and explanation is very frustrating. I went into a discussion with a friend about the basic concept and the "meaning" of the film. He thinks Ellis has found inspiration in an old legend that says observing the doppelganger is a preconception of how you die. An interesting theory, but I'm not familiar with this legend and I could not find anything on the Internet about it either. Personally, I think "The Broken" is another variation on "The Thieves Invasion", but without any foreign interference. The "Broken" centers of the McVey American family living in London, especially Gina. When a mirror bursts spontaneously during a birthday celebration, it triggers a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina dives in a car and follows her mirror in an apartment building. While driving home in a state of mental confusion, it causes a terrible car accident and ends in the hospital. When rejected, Gina feels that her whole circumstance is changing. She no longer recognizes her friend, and strange fragments of the accident continue to blink in front of her eyes. Are there psychological traumas invoked by the accident, or is there really a supernatural conspiracy that is happening around it? Writer / director Sean Ellis certainly invokes feelings of curiosity and suspense in his script, but unfortunately he fails to develop them properly. "The Broken" is a truly atmospheric and stylish effort, but only after only half an hour of film, you come to the painful conclusion that it will remain just a nice but empty package. There is a very frustrating amount of "false" suspicion in this movie. That means to increase tension, through threatening music and camouflaged angels, when absolutely nothing has happened so far. Until this mystery begins, these tricks no longer have a terrible effect on you. Some of my reviewers here compare the movie, and especially Sean Ellis' style with the repertoires of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but that's how? WAY too much honor. PS: what happens to alternative spelling? the Scandinavian "ø"
