This film is pure boredom, distilled and unadulterated. I did not know anything before going into the dark room, it took my place. I was seduced by the "mysterious and suspicious jams" on the poster, I suppose. Lena Headey is also beautiful and unconventionally sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a type of confidence she has around, so the distribution seemed reasonable. It might have been his name above the title, who convinced me to go with that instead of something else. I should have seen Valkyrie for the second time. The slimy plot revolves around Gina McVey, her boyfriend, her father, her sister, and her sister's husband who, for some reason, are being watched, in a very boastful and awesome manner, by their evil doppelgangers coming out of the mirrors mysteriously break. It could be a wonderful movie behind this idea (not an original idea, you think, but still ...) and in fact, if the producers would have removed the entire tower of support and simply remained in the story of his character Headey, The Broken did a reasonable 20 minutes. As it is, he is desperately unmotivated and boring and terribly incoherent. For example, in a single scene, a mirror breaks itself into a room that includes all the main characters; he looks puzzled, but forgets quickly. In another scene, a mirror bursts into an empty room, and a doppelganger is visible as it 'comes out' from the cracks left on the wall. So why did the first mirror burst out if you did not have to crawl crazy? Just for a little excitement? There are too many scenes of the characters in London's illuminated, illuminated flats that look around the corners because they thought they heard something, but they did not see anything and continued to go on. We start wondering why he never ever wants this wretched vagabond to try to scare them? Break the characters and have a chance to scare the audience. But we, the audience, must start threatening each other in the darkness of the theater if we want to have any excitement during The Broken. By the way, once we have spent time with these bad duplicates, we are quite accustomed to why someone should be scared of them - they just sit around, look invisible on their faces, perhaps totally harmless after they have killed the others . There are some beautiful states and touches throughout the game and I dare say that director Sean Ellis could create a really stylish and suspense film if he were to hire an imaginative screenwriter next time.
