A few days after I wrote about how garbage, like MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH, I get money while Ange, Duncan and Theo are completely ignored, I had to sit in another British movie * that scratched me why did he get a single penny. Some people can claim that because DEAD BABIES is based on a highly acclaimed novel, it has a market under construction, but both THIS EARTH FILT and MAD COWS have also been adapted from the novels and have been an attempt to Stay alike. <br /> <br /> I read the synopsis of the plot in which a bunch of upper class waste goes to a remote manor where they are being watched by an internet worship, but to be honest that it's not really how unleashes the story and someone waits on Friday 13 meets SHINING will be disappointed with bitterness because 90-95% of the running time is taken over by the mentioned characters who take drugs and talk about sex. And what ugly characters are they too. None of them is very pleasant and in a few minutes you will become nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot hoping that the next time someone engages in communist democracy will succeed in creating an egalitarian utopia. Anything that will signal the end of such a decadent bourgeoisie that it makes sense that the ugly characters in this movie embark on can not be saved save by not giving us a movie where the plot is meandering and where the audience fails to get in touch with the director's characters continue to ruin things further by getting all the smart and arty. Undoubtedly that will impress us, so we will fall on our knees and we will cry, "God, what kind of wonderful director, as bamboos with his very artistic technique, and only a worthless plebe will fail to appreciate what God has given talent man is. " I'm sure the vast majority of people shouted, "How did my projects overturn while these nonsense did not?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this piece of nonsense?" saying that the original source novel was unfathomable, and this makes the film incomprehensible. I will agree that this movie is undecided I know IMDb has this role as an American movie, but the style and mistakes with DEAD BABIES are unique British. Americans may think they have done things hard with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY PIERD. No wonder everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century
