This movie could be used in film lessons in a course "How not to write a movie B". There are inherent constrictions in a movie B: Budgets are tight, Time is precious (Scarecrow was shot apparently in 8 days), and actors are often green and devoid of experience. One of the aspects that you have complete control is to write the best scenario you have within the limits set before you. The scarecrow scenario seems to have been written in a foggy mist. I could go through fifteen examples of a senseless scenario of this film, but I will mention only one: The Gravedigger. The character of the gravidigger is introduced about an hour into the film. Apparently has nothing to do with any of the other characters already in the movie. He is shown with his daughter, who has nothing to do with anyone else in the movie. The Gravedigger is given some scenarios to act in a way and then is killed to eliminate body count. Why give Gravedigger a daughter? Why give her daughter a friend? Why do you introduce them so late in the movie? Why do not you try to make them part of the ongoing story? Scarecrow does not seem to care. "The Story" of Sperietoade is as follows: Lester is a high school kid (played by the actor and who wanted to be at the age of 30), who is chosen by the other children. He is an artist who attracts birds and has a passion for a classmate named Judy. His mother is a lush whore and a whore city. One of her offended lovers has fun with her drawings (calling her a "puppy" to shoot birds instead of "monsters and cowboys.") If you have a high school student who is still creating cowboys, a high school student who attracts cori) and later, kills Lester, in a corn field under the title of the scarecrow. Magic, Lester's soul enters the scarecrow. In a way, this transfer changes Lester's soul from that of an artist to that of a gymnast who does his bad (I know some reviews called the scarecrow a Kung-Fu scarecrow, I disagree.) Scarecrow practice a routine of the entire floor before jumping on the truck during the climax of the film). Then the scarecrow continues to kill those who have tortured him, those who smoke a pot in the field of corn, those who have digged graves, loved daughters of the pregnant women, almost anyone who showed up on the film. > The bonus feature on the DVD should be mentioned. The director (a Frenchman) makes an improvised version of rap music, admits he enjoys the fact that he has no executives around on the set so he can grab his wife while working and offers a quote to live (and paraphrase) : "Life ez a puppy, but et has a big ass" Number of beers I drank while watching this movie: 5 Helped: No Number of beers needed to enjoy this movie: Everything is needed to reach blackout drunk level.
