Over the past 20 years, most of the British films are about how impoverished Britain has hit and how our young people do not have a good life while living on the streets of British cities. The British cinema industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​"broken Britain". Trainspotting, This is England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes, and London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to this list. The main person expresses his desire to go straight but still insists on clinging to the dead beatings that carry weapons and struggles with gang members for nothing. I have never been convinced that she wanted to go straight, because nothing prevents him from attending an education or a job. In fact, it would have been a breath of fresh air if it was right and I had a character who changed his life. Instead, he spends his time helping his boyfriend trying to commit crimes. I did not feel sympathetic when it was predictably shot by another teenager at the end of the movie, which is sad because at the beginning of the film I liked the whole family and the desire for success. I think decision makers have missed a great chance of showing the world that success belongs to those who really want to strive (such as the Pursuit of Happiness). <br /> <br /> I know the purpose of this film was to try to paint a realistic picture of life for black teenagers living in working class areas in the UK but we do not already have enough films in the UK with the same plot? Is not it time that these talented producers and writers give the young British something to suck and show them a better life is right around the corner? I applaud Bullet Boy's producers for not filming the full-blown film of mindless violence to try to get shock hit (such as Kidulthood, Football Factory), but at the same time this film does not offer anything new for a long list of British movies that are actually dull and depressing to watch. There is no happy ending for this movie or any of the other things I mentioned.
