A movie like Amazing Grace and Chuck is a perfect example of how the left of the country does not receive it. They never did. And liberalism continues to slip more and more into political oblivion. This film deals with a small baseball star who decides not to play the ball as a protest against the existence of nuclear weapons. The boy is obviously ridiculed until a bunch of professional athletes led by former NBA star Alex English join his cause. Not just a few of them join the cause. Until the movement reaches the zenith, the entire sports and college leagues have to cancel their seasons, because no one will play. Just to move this review, I am ready to agree on this premise. Even if it would never happen in a million years, I would imagine it could then go from there. I do not remember at all how, but there is a certain kind of agreement. boy decides to return to the game he loves in an incredibly wild and ridiculous scene. Before criticizing the message of this film, let me say that this film is badly written, acted and guided. Even if someone agrees with the boy's position, it would be impossible to overcome how badly the movie was built. And this is a shame, because there are a lot of good actors going to waste. (Peck, Curtis, Petersen). Alex English does as much as he could with his character and I would like to try to act in more movies. Unfortunately, it's much easier to find a job in the NBA coaching world. One wants the English lord to learn more of these types of NBA headaches today how to pull a little better rock. Alex certainly knew how to put the ball through the circle. As far as the message of the movie in question is concerned, it is wrong. Simply. All these nuclear warheads were hidden in the rocket silos in the west of the PREVENITED war !!!!! It would be a thing for this boy and his flock to protest against a real war or the use of nuclear weapons. These weapons were never used, and that was the genius behind their existence. No part during the cold war was crazy enough to shoot a single rocket. Without these weapons, who knows what might have happened between the US and the USSR. Producers of this film have clearly intended children in America to take their cause and follow Chuck's footsteps. The kids in America, however, are smarter than the left kooks who created this game. <br /> <br /> The film is worth only 2 out of 10 stars. If you want to see a wonderful movie about the dangers of nuclear warfare, stay with Dr. Strangelove. br /> <br /> Newell, you're not Frank Capra!
