One of the five worst movies I've ever watched. And I do not exaggerate. Actually, I recommend you watch it, to get the same feelings of mistrust as you see Showgirls. Out of 400 votes, the movie gets a 5.3 / 10 user rating. But there is a disproportionate number of voters who have given it a 10/10 amendment, probably because of the film's message - nuclear weapons are somehow humanity. Chuck Murdock is a pitcher of all categories who gives up baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon, "Amazing Grace" Smith is a Celtic Boston who is inspired by Chuck's story and gives up basketball. Soon all sports leagues, from the professional level to the college, from high school to the small league, are being abolished in a world protest. Later, all the children of the world continue a strike of silence. This inspires the President of the United States to meet with the Soviet Prime Minister, who in time agrees to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next small-season season. The film ends with Chuck on the point of throwing the first field, the president tells his best friend, Chuck, not to worry about removing each dough because he did not throw a baseball in a year. > Somewhere along the line, a boss of the world spooks terribly kills Amazing Grace. When the president finds out that he is told that the FBI can check the killer, he will never be able to prove it. So the president appoints the head of the underworld ("But it is one", "I do not care, I caught him on the line") and tells him that he will resign from all the commissions he is on and sell all the actions that he and let them not escape again. <br /> <br /> Frankly, this movie was so weird that I could not stop it. It was on TV between 2:30 and 4:00 and I looked at everything. We were not stopped by anti-nuclear weapon propaganda. I was stopped by the unlikely breaking of all organized sports. I do not even understand why Amazing Grace Smith was killed. And with all these famous athletes becoming Chuck's friends, why the father was constantly upset about his son taking a post of principle. And it was the end of the clique when the father told Chuck: "I did not tell you that, but I'm proud of you." Embrace yourself.
