It's a real shame that almost nobody under 30 knows the "overhead" writing about the articles in Michael O'Donoghugh and SNL skits that were genius for that time ... and so it's a real shame that anyone can take advantage of an opportunity to seek his job will undoubtedly take the easy way and watch videos - thus leading them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This film has intelligent elements that never connect completely to the funny bone. The visitor is confronted with such things as diving / cat swimming, with the man who believes he has found feline happiness by throwing these kittens into a pool that the room follows in the slow motion and assembly sequence. Then we are taken to an island where all the past fad are withdrawn (hula hops, animal rocks, rain wigs, etc.). Then we enter the music world (punk was a variety of music at the time of the movie) where "D", Rootboy Slim bars interpreter performs "boogie until you beat" in his own lazy style of dirt and eclectic laziness. Now the real beauty of all these things is the back music. In many different styles, with many different instruments, the TELSTAR sound plays and returns - for those who do not understand Telstar was the first American satellite launched in space, and the theme was created to celebrate man's genius and triumph. MR MIKES seems to have been considered a signal of ridiculous waste of social disintegration. One thing the theater offered that the video release was not a live interpretation of Sid Vicious (the sexual ex-gun not the fighter) singing MY WAY. His version is very different from Sinatras, as we can imagine, but I honestly feel that listening is very much ... it's good! This is the sad part - in the release of VHS, Paul Anka refuses the rights of his song, and the spectator is forced to experience 3 1/2 minutes of silence, with an explanation passing through the image of the dead sex gun. <br /> <br /> I would give the release of the theater a 5 or 6 video is closer to a 4 and now that so much is passé I can see where many people would give it 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good O'Donoghugh SCROOGED scriptures ... it is a better homage to man's understanding and talent.
