Well, I'm probably about to be beaten by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured films I've seen for a long time. We have a 2½-foot movie that feels like three and a half years, because it has two movies in one. The first film tells about a family who has to move home after drought and hunger. You have to travel south to cities to find food or work of a kind. Conveniently it happens to find a jewelry bag and, at the same time, finds out that the drought is over. Yes OK. With this knowledge, they return home with their riches and everything is good and wonderful again. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about an hour and a half of the film and while incredibly lifeless at this moment it has a beautiful bow to it. You would think it would be a fantastic place to end the movie. Still, the movie continues for an hour. And, during this time, she takes a simple story about a family that deals with the hardships of the world and turns it into a gross melodrama about betrayal and jealousy among lovers. Oh yes and old, money is the root of all evil blah blah blah. Just because you know that doing an epic film does not mean that your story can go much longer than it should be. Also, the main idea that I will gather about this film is that the land is good for this family and keeps them together. Then why spend an hour telling a story about a rich man who falls in love with another woman and why is the last moment of a movie dedicated to a wife that our main character did not even care about most of the movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, wait and the movie is not the only thing that is badly written, the main wife has absolutely no sense. She complains a lot about her slaves and never wants to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. Then why, at the drop of a hat, she wants to sell her only daughter in slavery. Even if they are hungry at the time of this idea, it still does not make sense when 20 minutes later in the movie she complains that she no longer wants a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other films from the thirties to whom attention has to be paid. The only thing this thing has is cinema. The land is beautiful shot, oh and the locust sequence is pretty impressive. Too bad they were in a movie that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that at this point, Hollywood has been more focused on the stars and thought that a good actor can show anything. For most of the film, Paul Muni portrays an Asian man in his best abilities, but once he reaches the halfway point where the movie goes for no reason, he loses and becomes accustomed to the old Italian Paul, they cut their hair so looks like Tony from Scarface (and a better movie than that). Of all the main characters in the movie, I think three are actually Asian, the rest are just Americans being stupid. Oh, and please, Mrs. Rainer, it was a very good performance, not if I could break the Oscar from your hands, oh. <br /> <br /> Good Earth is an epic loss of time. If you want something along these futile ones to look at the beautiful evening, take Grapes of Wrath, a movie that really deserves all the praise it receives. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
