... because they're both bad enough. I think the best part of the movie is Faye Dunaway's terrible imperial image at the top of the stairs. Apparently, it could very easily get out of that picture, give someone some bloody pieces and return calmly in the portrait, as if nothing had happened. Now, you know that a movie has problems when some of the set furniture manages to get your attention. I admit, I paid $ 30 for DVD, so I could see Faye Dunaway in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you think - 30 dollars even in a black hole. And you would be absolutely correct. This movie sucks. There it is in the open air. I was expecting some real spirits and I waited and I waited and waited. Nobody came. The rabbit (probably a nigger in makeup) did not scare me, seeing little internal organs do not scare me, and even Faye did not scare me. I'm not so brave, I know, so it must be the movie itself, what's the problem. Moreover, Jennifer was not scared. Its internal organs have literally collapsed, and it seemed more sweet than anything else. Her life was fast approaching and she was worried about getting more money. Honey, you can not take money wherever you go! "I need money," she continued, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs collapsed and ceased to work. Meanwhile, I spent the whole blasted movie, wondering what happened to my grandmother (Faye). At first, I was suspicious, Faye playing a grandmother and everything, and I was still suspicious at the end. There is another relative in the house that Jennifer and Mary Ellen Bunica-Din-Iad are forced to temporarily divide, and I think they are the same generation as their grandparents. Here's the strange part - the relationship shows that he just endured the eight-hundred-year party. Mary Ellen looks like she's just got a facial lifting from a renowned surgeon. Lifejaches can not do wonders, but I think Faye's look is important for the plot of rice paper. SPOILER !!! It looks like the family is affected by a disease that affects a bad action ... I'm sorry, a little joke. Seriously, however, there are all the diseases that make the organs fail and eventually disintegrate. Yuck, right? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did she avoid the family curse? Something is obvious to her. Another reason for mourning for the loss of thirty dollars - this movie has one of my favorite pet movies all day. I refer to the double end. This movie ends twice. I hate it absolutely when this happens, and in this film it seems that the director shot the end, did not like it and forget to remove it during the editing. I think it should be frightening, but only if you're a movie editor. But there is only one percentile for this disaster, and this is one of the reasons why I bought the DVD. The commentary "filmmaker" portrays Faye Dunaway and I wanted to see how he acted when he did not have recitation lines. Guess what - the movie was so badly sucked that I could not stand by it again. Past the project.
