Jennifer's Shadow is established in Argentina and begins as Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives there after her sister, Johanna, dies. Jennifer is left by Johanna's house in her will, Jennifer decides to sell her house and head in Los Angeles even though her grandfather Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) opposes the sale. However, strange things are starting to happen, Jennifer begins to have nightmares about Ravens peking and she starts to feel very sick. After a check in the hospital, it seems one of her kidneys has mysteriously disappeared, what's going on with Jennifer? Is it an ancient family curse? Jennifer will be the next to surrender ... This American co-production in Argentina has been co-directed and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega & Pablo Parés and is a loss over ten strange moments, a fantastic and predictable story , which I would imagine would make more people sleep faster than scare them. The scenario of Vega, Parés & P.J. Pettiette is slow enough and is not what someone wants, that is, I'm sure most people do not want to sit and get bored from the skull. Characters are all uninteresting and quite meaningless, with little or no motivation for everything they do. For example, who is the type of cemetery caretaker? How did he know about demons? What is his interest and motivation to get involved? I could not see him. Jennifer is a fairly lenient and gentle lady, her grandfather, Mary Allen, is just as cliché as she is, and it is surprising that she is so obvious the villain. That is, for this type of horror story / mystery-based phantom is surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in both the logic and the story that, with the terrible ending of the twist, which is not a twist, I did not like Jennifer's Shadow a jot. The Vega & Parés executives have lowered their use of the whitening path to almost the entire color of the image, which often does not make it too far from white and black, I think they wanted to give it a Gothic feel, but it was done so many times before and often much better that he did not do much for me and just makes the whole movie look boring and lifeless. There is a period of 40 years, from suits to the interior of the big house, but again it is rather half-hearted and cheap. Jennifer's shadow is well made, but it's quite forgetful, it's not scary or creepy, and it's pretty predictable. If there was not enough there is no gore, there are some scenes of Ravens pecked at people and a beating heart, but nothing else. With an estimated budget of about $ 1,000,000 & retitled to Chronicles of Raven because it's about launching the American and International DVDs, this is pretty good, but a million will not buy you too much these days, and Jennifer's shadow proves this theory pretty much. There are too many scenes of actor talking in thick Argentine accents, though, even if it is realistic, I really like to understand what people say. The actress is fine, although Dunaway is doing badly and obviously there for money. Jennifer's Shadow is a ghostly film that I thought was a complete envelope from the beginning to the end, I'd rather watch the incredibly strange creatures that have ceased to live and have become mixed zombies! (1964). A total loss of time.
