This is easily the most disappointing and least-liked film of the so-called blackspotation, which, by the way, is a movie that we generally enjoy in our home. Rather than being "exploited" or abusive, these films offer an invaluable perspective in an era. Well, not Bucktown. In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to operate the nightclub left by his recently deceased brother. He quickly learns that the city is entirely controlled by a corrupt police force, bleeding money from all local companies. The Duke resists and determines that he will save the city from the corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does so by calling a friend of his friends (these people are vaguely explained as former black militants who have worked with Duke in "jobs" in the past) and simply kill the entire police department with blood cold. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is not a justification for murder, and it would have been much more fun to see that the Cracker Police suffered for their actions, unlike being simply tangled in the street. While vengeance is an omnipresent and generally satisfying theme in such films, it is far from seeing Pam Grier trampling on the bullies who disappointed their family, hit him, gave him a jujitsu, they put out of the fire. It has art (and a reason for existence) and deserves a level of respect that is quite undeserved simply by pulling someone back. Of course, in this bizarre story, she plays a woman completely under the finger of Man, afraid of Crackers who run her city and oppress her men. Indeed, her advice to Duke is, "Flee, man, they will kill you!" Following unpleasant and incongruous violence, we are expected to believe that the mayor of the city condemns with all the heart the actions of Duke and his friends, congratulating them and offering to throw a parade in their honor, unlike, say, calling the district prosecutor to prosecute charges of capital crime against them and to put them in custody. Duke Duke's refusal to parade and instead opts for occupying numerous vacancies on the police force created by the recent killing syndrome. They immediately prove to be more corrupt than their predecessors of the Cracker Police (to quote the mayor, "I am ten times worse than what I had before!"). Now, Duke discovers he has to rescue Bucktown citizens from corrupt officers, protect law enforcement and make it safe for a decent people to operate a prostitution business on the streets. Unfortunately, the Duke has already lost all ground and moral sympathy due to a hero, because he was a volunteer participant in the assassination of the original police forces. I would not have cared for one or the other if he had saved Bucktown or if he had connected to that point. I suppose we have to have fun in the clever way that Duke has to overcome the new cops, but in reality the film has just become a work of free violence, Duke kills all his former friends and allies with cold blood, lack of compassion which he had when he pulled down the Cracker Police. The Duke is a pig. Finally, when all of the city, but Duke, Aretha, and the local brothel employees are dead and thrown into the street, our hero and heroine go in the night as though they had some admirable qualities or redeeming values; they do not do that. The Duke is just a murderer and Aretha is his misogynist accomplice. If you're interested in this kind of film, I recommend them a lot, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby? But if in this process you should run this DVD, throw it away as far as you can! Throw it out as if it were hot! It should be treated as it would treat a bright pile of nuclear waste! There is no single film in the whole Blackspot era, which is not dramatically more fun, satisfying, and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this piece of bloating, clearly written and directed towards some hormone unbalanced lyceum sophomore.
