The comet's night begins as the world prepares for a lifetime event, passing a comet of 65 million plus years. Instead of looking at the light show, Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night with cinema projector Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in his cabin ... They wake up the next morning and Larry tries to leave cinematographer he is attacked and killed by a zombie, the same zombie attacks the Queen, but manages to escape from where he discovers that almost everyone on the entire planet has been turned into red dust. Almost everyone, due to an amazing coincidence, the only surviving survivor is Samantha (Kelli Maroney) sister, desperate for more survivors, and meets a remote trucker named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, a lot of scientists need human blood to develop a serum to save themselves from dusting and are looking for donors who do not want ... Written and Directed by Thom Eberhardt I Found Comet Night a pretty awesome viewing experience, I'm surprised by the amount of positive comments on IMDb about that, because I thought it was a dull fool that never lived up to its potential. The scenario begins 100 kilometers per hour, with the elimination of the entire Earth's population and a zombie attack, but then goes absolutely nowhere and then finally introduces the flood scientists who steal their blood to the end of the movie, because until then the thin story run the course. There are plot holes, if these scientists want blood to shoot the three or four gang members and save the two sisters when the boys provided more blood for their experiments, killing them seemed a bizarre thing and almost a suicidal thing to do because they need blood to develop a healing, it just does not make sense to say that if you want to die and have to experiment with human blood, it would rather have five or six donors who offers blood or just two? I do not mean that the two sisters have survived independently of each other, ie what are the chances? When Hector confronts the scientist for the first time when he never mentions Samantha or where he was or where the Queen was, before he committed suicide, how did Hector know these things? I also thought that after the first twenty minutes weird the film slows down the snail's rhythm and became incredibly boring and boring to watch after hearing a lot of good things about it. The night of the comet greets me as a boring piece overestimated by shit. Director Eberhardt is doing a very good job, I liked the look of the film with the colorful red sky and managed to create a really cool cold isolation. Unfortunately, there are too many empty street pictures, there are permanent montages of empty streets, abandoned roads and abandoned buildings and it becomes extremely repetitive and boring. Okay, I understand that there is no one else, so there's no need to keep us down in the throat, constantly showing cars without them on them. Zombies are completely wasted, there are two zombie attacks in the whole movie and two individual zombies, although there are also some nightmare scenes. Comet's Night pays tribute to a lot of better movies, including the mandatory end of the world's shopping spree, in a mall from Dawn of the Dead (1978), whatever you prefer. Forget any blood or gore, because it does not exist. Comet's technical night is pretty good, the special effects are pretty decent and the production crew was obviously very good at closing the streets. The actress expected Maroney to be Samantha, the blonde with an air-head that became extremely irritating. Comet's night was a great disappointment for me, we were hoping for much more. Personally I found this boring, boring, joyful film and the induction sequence in which sisters go shopping with the song "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" is probably the worst moment in the movie. Very bad and I do not quite understand why so many people like it, I'm sure I will stab myself because I say so the abuse starts to take it ...
