I think a round of applause is for those who put together the trailer for the latest version of Rogue Pictures, "The Return". I myself, along with the others, have been deceived into believing that it is, in fact, a horror movie. On the contrary, it is even a supernatural thriller. Too bad it's not thrilling at all. "The Return" calls Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since she was eleven years old. At that age, she began to have haunting visions describing the killing of a woman she had never met. During her business trip to Texas, she is led by these visions at the hometown of the woman killed, La Salle. There she comes forward with another person who has frequently appeared in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now in a desperate search for answers. A quest that could eventually result in her own killing. I really do not know where to start people here. Which should I mention first? Atrocious action, hidden direction, or terrible gentle story? No matter that I choose from my point of view behind everyone is the same: just suck. Adam Sussman's script is sinister. It's not interesting. Not convincing. It's simply unpleasant. I expected something to start "the movie" (I placed quotes around the film because I do not think that "Return" deserves to be called a real movie because of his mistake) and at least give him some chance of hope, but not to nothing happened. I was left out in an unbearable cold to freeze. Even the actors' stellar performances could not have saved this disaster. Of course, they probably knew this after reading the script, then they agreed to do the "movie." I suppose that's why it was so terrible. At least that's what we choose to believe. I really hope the distribution does not boast their performance. They need immediate medical attention if they do. Now the direction was undoubtedly bad, but they can not fully crucify Asif Kapadia. (Well, I could, but I will not be since I'm such a nice guy.) I look at "turning around" as a test for Kapadia, because for all who do not know, this is his first length long film "He just takes his leg in the door and is still learning." Next time, if there is a next time, we hope he will improve a lot, the only thing he has managed to accomplish here is almost complete duplication of visual style of Marcus Nispel's 2003 re-making "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre." Now it's nice "the movie" was given, but unfortunately he will still not get a kudos from me for that. (Even if it's from a movie, I enjoyed it very much.) I think Jim Sonzero's American remix, "Pulse," will now have to be a good thing, and change the title of "The Worst Movie of the Year" Return. "Beyond the question is worth the title in almost any imaginable way. Now I do not doubt that this will make a small profit, and I mean very little. No matter what, it will not overcome or even parallel Gellar's acting whistle of success, The Grudge. On this note, this is the last thing I would like to add. I can honestly say that I have never felt embarrassed to see that I left a theater audience until I saw the "return". That's what I never want to experience again, along with the "movie" itself.
