"I just saw this movie last night and I do not think I will think the same way to any of the actors involved, because this movie will stick to my mind." the statement can be considered a good or bad thing. I mean every time I see Tom Cruise or Demi Moore in a movie, I'm thinking of "Some good people," which is a good thing. Now, every time I see Ron Perlman or Kristy Swanson, I'll think of "Tinseltown," which is a very bad thing. I chose this to think it could be smart or at least make me chuckle with Arye Gross and Swanson and Perlman, I thought it would not be bad at least. You could say that the movie was made on a budget of the size of Wheeling, Indiana (where? Exactly.) But maybe they used every dollar to make a good movie. WRONG. This movie is NOT funny or entertaining in any sense of any word. It's just there and takes 84 minutes of carnival. Characters are thin on paper. Almost take care of Nothing of the characters, and since the leaders are two writers who struggle with Hollywood with a dream that is with all the two writers who struggle with a dream that wrote this need for you to know about them . Okay, the two real REALs know all about the versions they have, so I think the audience. They do not even think of developing the character, except for trying to link the story back to "Gilligan Island". The land is non-original. Two boys live in a warehouse, where one of them places a bed, and there are twenty more. The rest of the story is controversial and bad. Have you seen "your favorite Lampoon sins"? The second story with Joe Mantegna is about a television writer who can not find a good story to make a movie about television, so he's creating one. Now replace the TV writer with a screenwriter, turn Mantegna into annoying actors at the middle of his age and take the comedy and you have this movie. The actors are trying. Kristy Swanson is in the film for about 10 minutes and still offers the best movie performance. She is still hot, but would help if she were STAR in a movie instead of doing CAMEOS constantly. Like everyone else, I do not think it was the actors' fault because they have BAD material Go watch National Lampoon, but stay away from this movie.
