A hard-to-find film that is on Senator Joe McCarthy's still perpetual mythology as a political demon king. Boyle (in the role of Joe) offers a convincing but historically inaccurate portrait of the Wisconsin Senator, the cartoon McCarthy takes as the real one. Meredith, as army attorney, Joseph Welch, who surpassed McCarthy at the 1954 hearings, is as good as ever. In fact, McCarthy and Cohn were right to worry about the security situation in the army, and the 1954 Army hearings were stuck in the smoke screen used by the army to tip the investigation away from their security flaws, which the commission investigating them by countering the fact that McCarthy and Cohn are trying to get favors for their staff, David Schine, while in office. The film is a self-satisfied agenda driven by polemics, based on the omnipresent myths that have passed the truth with many people for decades - that the "red scarecrow" is essentially fake and McCarthy, HUAC, etc. have always been defeating the wrong goals, being just a lie, quarrels that ruined advertising hutters who were trampling over the constitutional rights of innocent, innocent liberals, accused of being security / communist risks. People who know a little about this matter still feel confident in repeating misinformation about McCarthy and "red scare" to this day - Clooney's Murrow's hagiography is an example. Misinformation is omnipresent, no wonder people swallowed it. A recent oblivion by Budd Schulberg in Britain's seriously left-handed newspaper, The Guardian, highlighted that the Hollywood writer "named McCarthy" - perpetuating the lie that McCarthy "investigated" Hollywood as the head of HUAC - the truth being that McCarthy was not even a member of HUAC, and he did not care too much about Hollywood guy politics - his investigations were closed almost exclusively in the arms of the US government. The mythology of the "red scarecrow" is now completely exploded by official Soviet and American government papers recently if McCarthy and co-underestimated the scale of Soviet infiltration and colleagues traveled to the United States, but decades of public misinformation about this period will be difficult to correct. One day, maybe a truly brave Hollywood soul will make a movie telling the truth about how many American men and women have clandestinely aided the Stalin mass murderer and worked to -and imposes the vicious governing system in the Western world, providing an accurate picture of Joe McCarthy's career-but I will not breathe. Until then, we have this miraculous, drunk, great, popular imagination, so familiar with the media ... "The Joe Rope".
