Not only did the filmmaker, Steven Greenstreet, idolize Michael Moore, but he also follows his footsteps using Moore's more propaganda film tactics. Moore has the expertise to distract the viewer from this focus, though Greenstreet is obviously less qualified here. Considering all the issues related to Moore's speech at the UVSC, I was disappointed to see that most of the community's complaints - that Moore was paid $ 40,000 from the Utah state funds to actually promote John Kerry's campaign and advertises his own liberal film - they were pushed into the background by Greenstreet, while less problems were sensational. The marketing methods for this video were as biased and inconceivable ... promoting the film claiming that "Mormon tried to kill Moore." Not only is this absurd, but defying a major religion with which Greenstreet obviously has some personal problems. We followed Moore's visit very closely, and all major news agencies mentioned that Moore's visit came and went without any credible security or incidents in Utah. Greenstreet made the money in this film to begin his career film to the point where he even dropped the film school to help speed up this. This seems to have been a serious mistake, though Moore's visits to about 60 other colleges and universities across the country in 2004 have destroyed interest in this fairly common event. Greenstreet's assumption that the American public would be interested in this film because of the religious and conservative angles promoted does not seem to be well founded. Even the name of the movie, This divided state, is somewhat a wrong name since Utah voted overwhelmingly for Bush's re-election, and thus appears to be politically more politically united than any other state. The division in the title of the film seems more indicative of the bush that exists in Greenstreet's ideological differences with religion and his state. If I find anything, I find a humorous correlation between the religious angle of this alleged documentary and Woody Allen's hilarious controversy in Sleeper (1973) that "I was beaten by the Quakers."
