In all my filming years, I just went out on a movie and that was the terrible "Stay Tuned". Luckily, the cinema repaid the ticket and went to see Buffy the Vampire Slayer (a minor improvement). This movie is "Gone With The Wind" compared to "Dick," a comedy so unfortunate that it has become almost the second film I've ever left. "Dick" was so unhappy that it was even impossible to laugh at her, not to laugh with her. Granted, you pay to see a movie with a title like "Dick" suggests that it will be filled with the angel "dick" jokes and exudes a great disappointment, and yet we had great hopes due to the notable play (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley , Kristen Dunst, etc.) and a premise that at least promised something fresh. What was filmed was, as it turned out, four "predictable" jokes, "comedy" that suffered from jetlag and a premise that was thin after the first five minutes. In short, it was the stretched stretch of Watergate in Forrest Gump, placed on a rack and mangled - over 90 serious minutes. As soon as you understand that the two main characters - squealys without air, insipid who gropes and throw glasses unceasingly - will attend every major Watergate event, you will begin to mentally check the plot as it progresses: 18 and a half deleted from the boxes Nixon, CHECK; Deep Throat Encounters with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean received a heart change and confessed, CHECK. The process moves away and less attractive and as attractive as the Watergate business, with all the laughter - it gets to the boot. And, although it is intended to be a funny redevelopment of the events that lead to President Nixon's resignation, it turns into a comedy with paint by numbers, choose your own-adventure, fill-in-a-blanks very little and even less fun. Even the strength of the movie - the piece mentioned above - is amazingly unproductive here. The most disappointing is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. Caught while behind Liddy's thick mustache and strained in this filthy dirty scenario, Shearer murmured a few lines, desperately trying to look behind her prosthetic nose and eyebrows, then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the Kids in the Hall comics creators (others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney, also appear in this movie - ah, blessings of nepotism) are also badly destroyed. H. R. Haldeman, occasionally, gives a much better light for the funeral plot, but the funniest thing about him is the sports story - probably the most funny movies of all. And then Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - Oops, I mean "Dick". (He's funny, funny.) He manages to play a solid Nixon, avoiding traps (such as Anthony Hopkins's overstretching, rubber nose and false teeth), while preserving the essence (oscillations between human sensitivity and coarseness). Looks like we're looking at somebody. . . oh yeah, the two stars of the movie, those older teenagers. I do not remember my name, maybe because I suppressed her performance. Nothing can be farther from fun; nothing could be more painful than having to endure their delivery that ran the range of "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with occasional "beatings" thrown in. This film seemed like a bad excuse to collaborate together with a 70-year soundtrack and a scandalous episode of dress, both of which seem to be the norm these days for movies and TV shows set in the Decade Me. But the clothes and the music come to be a substitute for a true characterization and plot, a sort of extra-plot that the producers hope will compensate for anemic writing. The only possible use for this movie is years down the road when any of your talented talents appear on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This scary kinematic excretion will be dragged to shame and hopefully humiliate the amazing guest star. The sad thing is that the real bad boys in all this - the writers and the producers - will be away from the eyes of the chambers, possibly cooking another disaster like this one. <br /> <br />
