When I first saw the movie, I just could not wait to see it. The land looked good and the setting was great. I mean, a slasher movie that takes place on prom night, great idea! And the plot: A high school teacher who becomes sexually obsessed with one of his students becomes mad, is arrested and escapes three years later in the ball of the night! Prom night, a night that should be happy and memorable, turns into hell! However, I saw her and she was extremely disappointed. It was not just the worst horror movie I've ever seen, but it was one of the most serious movies I've ever seen! First of all, it was not even scary. There was no moment in that movie when I jumped out of the chair. Also, murder scenes were so dark and dull. All he was doing was either stabbing his victims in the stomach several times, or cutting his neck. Also, there was absolutely no gore (PG-13). The most blooded scene was probably the one where the killer kills a black girl. He slips his neck and splashes of blood onto the sheets hanging around them (in fact, do not show that they cut his neck). Then see the faces of the killers when it was first introduced into the movie. It's not mysterious, creepy or scary. He's just a guy who kills people. Also, everything in the movie was so enchanting. An example is when, at the end, the killer is about to kill the main character and at the last moment the detective shoots him and kills him. Also, every thing in this movie was so predictable. The victim, after seeing the guy with a knife, runs for her life, hides himself, thinks she's away, and then the killer just goes out and kills her. Eventually, the sequence of the movie was extremely bad. The guy goes into the hotel, kills a few people, the bodies are discovered, someone pulls the fire alarm and everyone is evicted. The main person forgets something in her room, has a meeting with the killer, runs and escapes. That's it! She and her boyfriend return home, the murderer kills the guards who patrol the house, finds the girl, then gets killed by the detective. The sequence of the film was so bad and cliché. If you think about watching this movie because the preview looks good, believe me, do not waste your time or money. No wonder this film was presented in the smallest theater in the cinema. My friend and I, along with these two girls standing behind, were the only ones in the theater. She should have told me something about the movie beforehand.
