Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say, though, that Disney was tangled up completely when they made this sequel. I admit he has some good points for that. The songs are not bad, and the animation is clean and clear. There is humor, I am sure - I do not remember, because after seeing them, I immediately forbade them to appear before my eyes again. The worst part of this movie is the plot. In this film, Ariel becomes her father. He forbids his daughter from approaching the sea (yes, out of fear) just as he was forbidden to approach the earth. Personally, I believe that, taking into account her past, Ariel might maintain some of her painful ways and not treat her daughter as herself. Besides, Ursula was replaced by a pathetic sort of marine witch (forgotten sister), which is much more comical than frightening. And she has little subjectivity to bid - but it's no more frightening or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with her credibility for the evil. This marine witch is a joke. In order to make things worse, Flounder is a fat, deeply expressed father (he is no longer the cute gupula we all know and love), and Eric's voice is not made by the same actor (something that always bothers me in a remake / sequel). (Your difference was very obvious to me, by the way!) I felt that the only reason this movie was made was that Disney was able to catch a few quick dollars, which I like to think of a corporation that I am I'm really glad. I felt that this plot had no imagination. I know this act (a child following a parent's footsteps) is happening, but Ariel was different. That's what I loved so much about her. She had a dream, fell in love and made her dream come true. Until she appeared in this movie, that's it. Then he became like the other adults. This is not Ariel that I know. And I do not like it. I know about some children who enjoyed this film and I know a few adults who did not care. But for me and all those who have the greatest love for Ariel, please do not see this movie. Ariel knows he dies inside, resurrected only for a song or two, and a final scene that is actually not bad (where he accepts water again) - though she has a very small role in the end, indifferent.
