Although I have not yet seen the movie in about two years, I remember exactly what made me feel so low. After I loved the Little Mermaid initially and after being obsessed by the mermaids as a child, I decided to take the time to sit down and watch the sequel. Disney, I have a small message for you. Unless you have the original director and actors at your fingertips ... just try to get your ass asshole. Next, our story begins with a slightly older Ariel and her daughter, Melody. My first big problem was that Eric and the rest of the crew sang. Yes, I understand that Disney is great on singing and dancing numbers, but in fact, that made Eric my favorite prince. He was calm, gathered and a real gentleman who knew how to have fun. And he did it. NOT. SING. And then he's the bad guy. Oh, how to forget about the trembling that curved our back, whenever Ursula hurt on the screen, frightening both Ariel and the audience all over the world? Unfortunately, the gene was not transmitted to her seemingly useless sister, Morgana. Nothing has ever been, she has ever said about Morgana in the first film; she just gets out of nowhere, trying to steal the baby. Oh, how cute. The younger sister is checked and instead of going after the trident, she decides to kidnap a child for a month. Find me. In addition to being a flat personality without any sense of originality, Morgana was very unorthodox. The same plan as her sister, the same minions (who, by the way, did not scare anyone, I had a baby three years ago when I looked at this movie and she laughed hysterically.) It had no purpose to be there; I wish you saw my mother as the bastard. I'm sure she'd done a better job than Little Miss Tish there. King Triton did not have any respect that he won from me in the first film and I did not even start with Scuttle, Sebastian and Flounder. Triton was a harsh but loving father in the first film, and in the second, he almost lost his will to fear in the hearts of his subjects. Scuttle, once a comic fun that made everyone laugh with "dingle-hopper" (yes, I'll admit, I called a fork from time to time). In this film, Scuttle is forgotten. A supportive character even in the first, at least added something to the movie. He was rich with a flavor that the others did not have, and they still just stripped him completely. Sebastian was still the same, but twice worse than before. Disney, do not do that. Do not even try to eat with our favorite crab. Or our favorite fish, fat, who becomes a father and has a lot of very annoying babies. He's fat, and he's gentle, and it looks like he's going to go all the way in every second. Dawn and penguin were not necessary, and after a while, you just started to answer everyone. Especially Melody, who has no depth for her anyway. And one of these days, Disney, I get out of my life. If I did not love your originals so much.
