I liked the first Little Mermaid. I know the songs, I like the characters and I like the story. I can not say that about Little Mermaid II: Return to the sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The intrigue was an inverted copy of the first movie. Same situations except the reverse! Ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter Melody (the creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was tricked by Ursula, Melody is deceived by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Ursula had a sister ?? I'm not sure where he came from. Besides being a strange copy of the first film, this plot of the film seemed tired and uninteresting to the first film. Now the characters: 1. Ariel - What happened to her ?! He was no longer the capricious teenager I knew and we all loved from the first film, now "grew up" and his personality descended. Her singing voice was not so strong, either because Jodi Benson was much older, or the songs were so terrible that her talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric - Although he did not have a great personality in the first film, like all Princess Disney, somehow his new voice and his very few lines made him even more robotic. At first, he can not defend himself, and Ariel becomes one of the two. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to the loving crustacean in the first film, because a small, aggravating crab took his place. He also did not have good songs in this movie. You can almost forget the glory you have won from singing the incredible "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first movie and it's very sad. 4. Flounder - They destroyed him! He's not cute anymore, is his voice terrible and he has children right now? Who is the mother ??? 5. Morgana - She seems to be Ursula's sister out of vengeance against her mother who always chose Ursula over her. So she intends to get King Triton's trident to become the new ruler of the sea. Sound familiar? Anyway, he's a very clumsy bastard and fails to realize the greatness of Ursula as a bastard. It fails epic in sorcery, it is not very tough and does not threaten at all. 6.Melody - Ariel and Eric's daughter. Ironically, because she, unlike Ariel, can not sing. Her voice is annoying, her friends (a dude and a penguin? Indeed?!) Are not fun or enjoyable, and it's just like Ariel in reverse and not as sympathetic. Jump over that. Do not watch Disney's next sequel, except for King Lion 2. This movie has taught the classic who lives in all our pleasant memories. I will look back at this movie and I will laugh.
