Okay, like a Disney fan for a long time, I even listened - continued with Disney. Walt HIMSELF did not believe in them. He believed in "And they have always lived happily", being the end of it. But this ... She really ticked the taco. There were so many riffs of other Disney movies in this respect, it was not funny. Quick summary, if you do not already know ...: Melody is born, Ariel's daughter and Prince Eric. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who actually looks like Ursula, if she wanted to paint green and go to Ally MacBeal's hungry diet) appears and after trying to make the newborn's claw and fail to reveal doom for characters. After this attempt, Ariel is no longer like her father, and refuses to tell Melody her mermaid heritage, and later forbids her to approach the sea. Surprise surprise. Melody discovers that being a stubborn brother is also fleeing, then makes a deal with Morgana to become a mermaid in exchange for one thing. (Does this make this sound known?) She becomes one, but in her half-business, she must recover her grandmother's Trident and bring her back to the marine witch. While doing so, she enters two clogged animals, a penguin and a dude named Timon and Pumb - huh? wait ... No! this is not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? She might be fooled. Anyway, I'd like to reveal more, but nothing can happen. Okay, so ... long short story. This movie "borrows" too much from other (better) Disney movies ... and it makes it terrible. Come on ... Tip and Dash? Why not just do obscene Dash and make it a little bit more obvious! Ugh. Not to mention the character of Ariel's character. She departed from being a freespirited woman, a capricorn, to her father's clone. They are not good at all ... they basically tell us the sweet and burning mermaid that we know grows and love is dead. Plus that Melody is not even such a big character ... it's annoying! And bratty! Let's not talk about what they did to Flounder. Ugh ... anyway, if you decide to see this piece created primarily for profit-free, imaginative purposes, sponsored by Eisner, we suggest you wait until it's on the Disney Channel or other TV stations. Because it is not even worth the price of a rental. <br /> <br /> * from stars *****.
