I suppose it was for Temple Matthews who essentially wrote a remake even if there are few changes that only make it worse. SPOIL: It's much like the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgana escapes, but he keeps his promise to take Melody away from them. Ursula had a sister? And there is not so much a villain as Ursula. Here is the similarity. Medoly is kept from the sea until Morgana is captured, but she knows nothing about it, because everything happened when she was a child. A wall surrounds the palace to keep it and morgan out. He goes every day under the wall to swim and talk to Sebastian, which is not as fun or entertaining as the original. Find a shell with her name on her and run away from home and look for answers and find Morgana. Here's a similarity; Morgana fucks Melody, making her happy, turning her into a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for her. To remain a mermaid needs to steal the trident from Triton. So Melody does it, because he does not know that King Triton is her father. She makes friends with a penguin and a fool and here is where it is terrible. Penguins living with them in an ice ocean hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove they are heroes and they do not succeed. That does not match the little mermaid. And dialogue during the conversations between the penguins and the two characters is bleeding. you know why? Because the first one had a wonderful story. It is not and is not magical. It's just an example of how bad the sequels are. Melody finds them and helps them take her to Atlantica to prove herself. When I take the trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgana. Melody is mad at her mother to keep her away from the sea, so she gives Morgana's trident, then she shows her true colors once she grabs it. Poor Ariel and Melody are in her custody. Penguin and walking begin to prove when fighting with the friend of Morgana shark. I'm sorry I did not remember it earlier. They finally prove. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but are forced to worship Morgana by the power of the trident. The melody takes her, throws it to Triton and hurts Morgana (literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks she's just her fault. It was not! Ariel did well to protect Melody, but I never say that. Triton offers Melody to live in the sea or in the ground. In fact, he has a "better idea". She uses the trident to vaporize the wall, so people and merk-folk can be together. Then everyone sings a terrible song. THE END. Anyone who saw it and likes it obviously did not see the original. I do not like this because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very little. Then, when I grew up, I started to see what was wrong with this movie. young, young children will enjoy it, but it is very likely that when they are in primary school, they will forget about it. I would normally think I was judging a movie and it was better than I remember when I saw it again, but not on it. It's even worse. The story is no exception. If you have thought, read the story is good, read more about this comment and you will know the other bad points: Well, you know the story now. I'm sorry I spoiled him, but I had to point out some bad parts. One of the worst things is animation. The color is terrible. The original had a beautiful color. Looking at this almost made me want to go blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original had a beautiful, magical coloring and a beautiful underwater landscape design and for the field, too, making it a joy to look. Music is unbearable. Compared with the first, the music here is shit. The songs are not so well composed, and Tara Strong (I think it's her name) that Melody can not sing. She sometimes sang too much or did not watch the song in the song. So much to have "Melody" as a name. And music is not at all beautiful or moving. Little Mermaid 1 has earned an Oscar and was really worth it. It deserves a brighter prize for the lowest musical score in a sequel if it exists. I did not like the voices. Several people who played characters from the first, did the same thing in this respect. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now that she is older without an offense to her, her voice is too deep and is no longer so beautiful. And I'm really disappointed with her and the others who were in the first because I'm part of that. If I was chosen for this movie, just reading the script, I can say it would be a bad movie. Characters are different now. Ariel is wiser now, but annoying. They have surpassed her character, making her too mature. Next, you do not have to change the characters unless it is for a special reason. He was sixteen in the first. There is little chance of changing. This is the stage in which you become the person you will be for the rest of your life. Scenarians should think about it. They should think of character. Well, I suppose this is for me. I hope you find my useful comment because I'm sure many of you agree with my point of view.
