This movie makes me want to come back every time I see it. If you take the first film and revert the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, then throw in the crappy animation and the biggest sucking factor, you may get the little siren 2. It's basically a copy of the first movie with a reverse plot. They are gradually going through horror. These are the ones from the first film: First, Prince Eric is still the prince, with about 3 lines in the entire movie. Ariel is embarrassed, annoying and not the worried spirit, the tough spirit that I saw in the first. In fact, it's just the opposite. Sebastian is still sebastian just less cute, less convincing than stressed, and jokes are no longer funny. Flounder has about 2 lines. He now has children and speaks with a bad nasal voice. Scuttle is still awesome. The character of King Triton is probably the best, he still keeps intimidation and love for his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric do not seem to realize their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, all they did was to use the characters in the first movie and copy them. That's what they did: Ursula - The new evil is Morgana, Ursula's sister, who feels she always lives in the shadow of Ursula. I would not have been afraid if he'd pointed at my door with a knife. He can not do anything right and he is a failure like a bastard. She has the same voice that the bear has done. Sebastian & Flounder - They were probably replaced by the most stupid guys, Tip & Dash, a dude and a penguin. They try to be heroes, but they always fail when they try. the plot is so predictable. They become heroes at the end. Yawning. Flatson & Jetsom - now replaced by a shark that has been converted about 10 times smaller by triton. It's really bad. Morgana and shark (I think it was his name) have no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. My lovely mermaid was replaced by her unfortunate daughter, song. Sorry can not sing, her voice is about two octaves higher than it should be, and you want to put forward, because she is so sweet sweet so false. He wants to go to the sea, he's alright, and kids have fun, he has to go and find himself. yawn. <br /> <br /> Not only that the film is boring and unoriginal is so simple when you watch this film you will blow how bad it is. Some parts of the film make you want to call Disney and ask why such a horrible film was made as a continuation of such a great original. Basically, comparing Little Mermaid 2 Little Mermaid is like comparing Ed Wood film Casablanca. Never look at this, not even when you get bored.
