Night of the ball: the most important night for any superficial girl composed almost entirely of plastic. So the characters reminded us every ten minutes when a tiny event in their head occurred in their tiny life. There is no excuse for Prom Night. There is more than nothing original about it and I would have really given it zero or less of stars if it were possible on IMDb. The only part of the view I liked was when a group of teenagers standing in front of us decided to play a game of "ghosts." It was more exciting than anything happened on the screen in front of them. The land was, in principle, a guy walking in a ramp. And things were, it was not even a little exciting ravages. Perhaps if the guy had been frightening from a distance, rather than a bumpy Robbie Williams showed off with a baseball cap, I could have stayed there sensationally. The fact that I cared less about the characters than I did about the color of the carpet did not bring any effect. And to make things worse, the rest of the characters were as non-dimensional and forgotten. The hotel staff did not seem to notice or care about the fact that one of their maids had disappeared, and it is a further proof that a killer is unrecognizable after being shaved. I was incredibly surprised that the blue-gray, furious, stereotypical girl was the only person who noticed who she was. She realizes this, and then goes down the stairs, gets stuck in a plastic sheet and then beats over a bunch of paint buckets. The nice thing. The worst thing was that I was convinced that the director was trying the absolute hardest. He really pushed all the limits, without showing any killing that would happen. Shocking! And music does not make me start. It was almost as good as stripping at a funeral. I really want Prom Night to be a joke. It was terrible and predictable. No one, in their right mind or otherwise, has any reason to see this movie. The main cinema seems to be down, and such movies aggravate the situation. If you get the desire to see this absolutely awful movie, listen to my reason. Do not do it. There are better things to spend six pounds. Like a sheet to play ghosts with.
