Okay ... so I've seen many strange / unusual movies in my days. Fear and anxiety in Las Vegas comes to mind when I think about it. Well, no longer ... from here, whenever someone asks me "hey, what's the most unusual movie you've ever seen?" Slipstream is what I will say! And I do not mean "unusual" in a good way. From the beginning of the movie, it was obvious that this was going to be one of the trippy camera effects. That's what I mean small things like intermittent images on the screen, recharging and fast transmission of people's words and scenes, color mischief on screen, flash before and flash back constantly ... then you act yourself. People randomly become violent, shoot things / people, say the weirdest things that do not do much, if they make any sense. The film is about a writer who begins to mix real life with the book he is writing, and for a lack of a better way to explain it, you are basically seeing this "journey" he does throughout the film. The thing is that Johnny Depp traveled on a similar journey in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, but the only difference is that his trip was fun to look, not painful! Frankly, I had a very hard time even to finish Slipstream. It kind of hurt my brain a little. I can see a movie boy making a request for this movie with some cinematic nuances that make not only unique but adds to the feeling of dementia ... bla, bla, bla. The point is that this movie hurts your brain when you watch it ... it makes very little sense, it takes all your concentration to even try remotely to understand what is going on and even at the end, the only thing that you can be happy it's over ... and you can say you actually stood by it! So, finally, if you want to see a movie that will tell you "what the heck" over and over both in loud and head, go ahead and waste an hour and 30 minutes and check it out . > <br /> Mr. Hopkins, while applauding you as an actor and congratulating you to choose to make a curse in the direction .... please do not ever make a movie like this again. Next time, try something that relies more on wonderful stories than room techniques that tend to leave the viewer with a headache.
