Having the chance to write, play and play in my own movie, I would probably choose something about the robot with weapons. Anthony Hopkins, however, has decided to probably make the weirdest movie he has ever seen. "Slipstream" is such a strange movie that David Lynch would probably look at the person next to him and say, "What's going on?" This is a film in which, in one scenography, a man traverses the road to a yellow right-handed car, which suddenly turns into a pink-car turned to the left. This is a movie in which two characters have a conversation interspersed with photos of people laughing and insects climbing the walls. This is a movie where a man begins to talk about the "Invasion of the Monks" only for the actor of that film that suddenly appears as himself (and then disappears into thin air). <br /> <br /> This is a movie that decides to cast the need for a coherent plot directly from the window and uses fifteen different changes while doing so, as well as changing from black and white to apparently neither a reason at all. I must, however, congratulate Mr. Hopkins for choosing the actors in this movie (some of whom feature more characters). All those involved are casting their roles, even though they probably have no idea what they actually do. My favorite was Christian Slater's killer in a hat that looked impressive while stuttering fools and singing the American national anthem. <br /> <br /> Anthony Hopkins was quoted as saying he made this movie as a joke and is probably the best way to summarize "Slipstream". It's a joke on the audience. You will follow this from start to finish, trying to understand what is going on and hoping that the answer will come, only to find that the answer is never done. What a fist of this joke, only Anthony Hopkins will ever know. I recalled David Lynch earlier and am a big fan of that director. I would guess that Anthony Hopkins shares my love for Twin Peaks, Blue Velvet and Lost Highway. However, Slipstream is not as satisfying as any of Lynch's films, despite the imitation of many techniques (although I was surprised to find that no one spoke back to Slipstream). It is too chaotic and incidental - as another commentator has pointed out here, is the cinematic version of Alzheimer's disease. Undoubtedly there is a small number that can follow this and get something out of it. Unfortunately, for the rest of us, "Slipstream" is rapidly becoming an annoying and confusing experience that was made only due to Hopkins' involvement. Look at your own risk.
