Why Hollywood feels the need to remake films that were so glamorous in their forefront, but it's much worse why Hollywood feels the need to remake those horror movies who were not brilliant to start with Night, The Amityville Horror) Like their originals, these remakes do not manage to create atmosphere, character or any real scare. Prom night is so flat and uninterestingly hard to follow, but for all the wrong reasons. It's a miserable, extremely uninteresting, and ultimately boring trip that fails to do everything he's going to do. That terrible Hollywood Horror is dead. Even those at The Hills Have Eyes and Massacre at Chainsaw Texas have managed to destroy their franchises in style with blood buckets and a decent plot. The night of the prom is practically bloodless, and I will not even mean how bad the plot is. His inability to seal criminals identify makes this film the least suspicious of horror at the erm ... the original. One of the most notorious slasher films in the 1980s turns back to terrorize filmgoers with this remake proving how cute the high school dances really are. Donna Keppel (Brittany Snow) survived a terrible tragedy, but now it's time to let go of the past and to celebrate her style in style. When the big night finally arrives, Donna and her best friends are preparing to enjoy their last high school, living and spending it until dawn. But while Donna is willing to look at her nightmares and in a brighter future, the man she thought escaped forever returned to the last dance. An obsessed killer is out and kills someone who tries to prevent him from reaching Donna, his only one. Who will survive to see the graduation day and what will Donna do when she is forced to face the greatest fear? Scott Porter, Jessica Stroup, and Dana Davis co-star in the slasher remake that will have teenage girls dressed in tuxedo, nervous everywhere, looking over their shoulders while dancing on the dance floor. A plot that probably stops you from seeing this. Spell if you ask me is a good thing. Without too much work, McCormick tries to fill the tension in the most trivial situations. At one point, a girl returns to a floor lamp (a lamp!), And McCormick tries to pump her in a moment of fright. Desperate times really call for desperate measures. There were not many cabinet shots from the last IKEA catalog. In the age of The Hills, My Super Sweet 16 and To Catch a Predator, it is probably a strange, frightening film to be exploited by the glamorous convenience and the gruesome obsession of society with a young beauty. This is not that movie. My final verdict? Avoid at all costs. Nobody likes Prom Night, it's even a disappointment for those who usually enjoy hack-job remakes. Taking into account his absolute lack of blood or anger. A night you will be quick to forget.
