.... ripoff a dozen better movies. In particular, Steven Martin's "LA Story," which at least had grace to be obviously fictitious, even though she then played her girlfriend when she played her girlfriend in the movie. Yes, naive boys and girls "Data" is a mockumentar, though I'm not sure that Myles Berkowitz's intention was when it started. My impression is that he started the semi-serious project, then he quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not funny if it did not make the situation more ridiculous. As a result, everything has an anxious, inexpensive and innocent feeling about it. As someone intelligently pointed out, the film has two of the "dates" that suck and restrict Myles and still appear in the film, which would be impossible because it would require a form of consent. It also seems to me that most women who appear as "dates" are professional actresses (white, not the famous, except for Tina Carrere) - they are simply too beautiful, polished, thin and comfortable in front of the average civilian room. <br /> <br /> Berkowitz makes a classic mistake in throwing only such a very thin act, instead of using a variety of credible women who would have made the premise (even in a mockumentary) more credible and funnier. He also probably skates what is probably his real problem, and that both the character of the film and the real world, Myles Berkowitz, seem to be functional (the real-life IMDb credits are virtually nonexistent except for this film). Even in the movie world, his ex-wife divorced him because he was never engaged. I think the viewer (not to mention Mr Berkowitz's real date) deserves an explanation for being able to live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the US in a luxury apartment when he sees no source to come. (Is the drug dealer, lives from his rich parents? No idea!) You can give up most of them in a movie, if the jokes are really funny. "20 Data" is painful, embarrassing A-funny. Mr Berkowitz's idea of ​​making a joke is to have his character, while at the dates of the restaurant, he tells his companions how served food can give him diarrhea or constipation - It is not surprising to find out that Mr. Berkowitz never made a movie before "20 Dates", and in the last 8 years he did not make a single film, appeared as an actor in someone else's movie OR he wrote or produced credits of any kind. My intellectual instinct tells me that this movie was not funded by "Elie" (the gangster money man outside the room), but more likely Berkowitz's wealthy parents or may be a shocking credit card abuse. Regardless of what it was, we can easily rest that it is unlikely that we will see Myles Berkowitz or any of his creative efforts once again. Aleluia !!!
