While Bondarchuk was by no means a young man when he was commissioned to work on this project, he was still a novice director with only one poem, a successful adaptation of a short story about the Second World War. Bondarchuk, of course, had already been an acting star set for a decade, but the skills of the teapon means a little behind the room, and as a director he was unhappy with making a production of this kind. And by showing particularly appealing compositions appearing in group scenes, often unfortunate in terms of camera positions, performance of a different wild quality for the director was apparently so overwhelmed by the pure magnitude of the actors that they apparently left their own their devices, such as radio broadcast ads. Vidor's war and peace was probably the main reason why the Soviet government did not spend any expense on this production. The liberation of the Vidor image of the USSR has done quite well. Of course, Bondarchuk wanted to emulate the greatest power of the Hollywood film and find his own Audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a big-eyed, big-eyed thing, looks a little like Hepburn. Unfortunately, she was a ballet dancer from Kirov without any acting experience or talent, so surprising, the best word I can find to describe her performance is "terrible." Although it would be expected that Soviet actors, speaking the same language as Tolstoy's characters, would have a better understanding of them than strangers, but this War and Peace often proves that this is not the case. The revolutionary revolution has removed the thin layer of Russian cultural land, the world of war and peace has developed, so a large part of these large Soviet actors involved in this production often seem as dignified as the Americans who interpret Shakespeare "Of course the American actors I can not play Shakespeare credibly, but you'll know what I mean if you witnessed the American members of the show in Branagh's adaptations. " Of the three main characters, only Pierre de Bondarchuk is commendable, but even he was too old and does not feel at the right place at first.
