Very bad but visible science fiction film suffering from abominable special effects, poor action, and a ridiculous story. The film opens with a space ship that returns from exploring Mars with a woman and a man with a green stream on her arm. She, through controversy of loud plot, begins to say what happened on this fatal journey, because almost all the tapes seemed to be magnetically erased. Four astronauts deal with this trip: a military guy played by Gerald Mohr, a poor Humphrey Bogart who enjoys the word "Irish" and has a fierce interpretation of a codfish, then there is Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and just a female team member of the band, with three men wearing the most clothing outfits, possibly sharpening all the curves, Les Tremaine, a wonderful character actor in SF movies like this, and last Jack Kruschen as Sammy Brooklyn with jokes and does not look too bright, though chosen for his electronics experience. None of these artists are at all good at all and they all say their dialogue with little conviction. Watch Tremaine while he's talking about scientific blunders! Indeed, the best of the four is Kruschen - and that really says a lot about this movie. But, bad in action, the movie breaks down when it lands on Mars through flashback. The angry red planet had a real cheap budget because Mars is really the American Southwest with a strong red nuance over it. When the story asks for what Martian might look like, there are drawings with a strong red hue over them. You can say there are drawings Monsters are even worse as we get a Bat-rat spider with a size of over 40 feet that shows that some children have gathered together to scatter the dead animals together. The other significant creature is a huge queen with an oscillating eye. Wow! These are bad. There is a beautiful drawing of a Martian city, but that was not enough in the movie. Despite all these big problems, the Red Planet is an evil fun movie. It's really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. Most of the things they've used in the movie are so outdated. One guy uses an electric shaving machine with a cord and I thought I could get on Mars but still use strings. Director Ib Melchior offers an interesting aspect for much of the film even with budget constraints, but his story and Sid Pink's do not fly. And how does it end with psychedelic music and colors? Groovy!
