A spacecraft returns from Mars; about a few months earlier, an expedition of 4 people was sent to the red planet. Most of the image is a retrospective of what happened there. The image is multiplied by an innovative, melodramatic dialogue typical of many SF efforts in the fifties and sixties. Please note, for example, how the ship's master (Mohr) tells another crew member that he "stays there" for no reason; as if moving to another place inside the ship will cause a problem. Later, the commander orders that two of the crews remain in the ship, while he and the other will go out. The two whom he ordered not to say "in any way" and to follow; We did not have great hopes for the success of this expedition. He talks a lot about the "twisting ears" and embraces an X-ray pistol called "Cleo" (short for Cleopatra, of course). At least it would be funny, unintentionally if the story was not drawn. There is a very slow pace for the whole thing; astronauts spend a lot of time looking at the portals on the ship's window (changing colors from red to blue), commenting on what they see as they do outside exploration. The Martian landscape, announced as filmed in the movie "Cinemagic," usually resembles animation cuts or drawings drawn through an orange red filter to give the illusion of interacting with actors who face a strange surrealist look due to the process . But I do not think it's bad anyone over 10 years. One intelligent mention I noticed was that the memories of surviving astronauts would be affected by unreality so as to explain the unreal nature of the Martian vision. Oh, well ... I was amused by some of the astronauts' actions as they begin to explore; even on bats, he tests his frostbite on a plant, killing him, just for the hell. Then the woman member is hacking with a machete on what she thinks is a tree, but it turns out to be the foot of the spider monster rat. Okay, ma'am. Look next time. No wonder Mars' "intelligence" is angry and does not mind the fact that one of the inferior forms of life, a huge mess, attacks the explorers. The act is not impressive. Mohr, in particular, had a very annoying technique, saying a line and then suddenly erupting into a giant smile that always stretched me - reminded me of it! Terror beyond space. The conclusion is quite anti-climatic; do not expect any huge revelation beyond the "no expeditions" with frozen weapons called Cleo.
