Basically, the only other actor who is less likely to play Evel Knieval than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, yet Hamilton manages to turn into a fairly effective portrait (and as a producer of the movie, he was probably not fired or said it was not right for this part!) The bold motorcycle's early life is presented here in several flashbacks. The film opens with a rather stupid prologue with Hamilton, in his white, leathery, starring snap that drives the world as Knieval says, "Do not worry." This movie is about my youth, but I go back to my familiar costume until the end of the picture. "Hamilton is preparing for a huge leap, yet licks his wounds from the previous one, as Lyon's wife sustains and bothers him. He remembers various childhood teenagers and teenage delinquent teenagers, along with his first days as a rider This flip-flop approach is quite steep and sometimes disjointed, but it does not prevent the movie from joining one of its inexpensive sets for too long or from entering a routine with pretty pedestrian characters. Hamilton, usually a suave and split character, does a great job of setting the tiny details of the manners and behaviors of the subjects, including walking. His hair is a lighter and longer shadow and he works hard to give the right ideas in his speech. (He even gives a wonderful tribute to Knieval's wounds, appearing in a wandering towel in while his shoulders are covered by "scars" in the multitude of accidents.) Facially, he does not show anything like a true cyclist, but suggests it in his physical performance. Lyon is great in playing a young woman she loves and then a more worldly wife, although her voice of 3 packets per day threatens her to give her at all times. She and Hamilton break out a mild chemistry that goes a long way in placing the film. Other support attempts are given by Freed as his unfortunate doctor, Cameron as an early influence, and Taylor as a whipping barker. The film was made at a low budget, but the story is anyway a pretty low rent so it does not affect it too much. Manufacturers have wisely used current locations in Butte, Montana, to give the film a proper atmosphere for the small town. Some of Hamilton's antiques are fun, although the character is certainly reckless and inconsiderated by the property of others! Some of Knieval's real and unsuccessful waterfalls are included in an unclear film, one of which has a "sprinkler" in which the man wraps and twirls like a rag doll. Then, Hamilton's wife (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
