Well, you may not see women loved by this movie, but you will surely hear women talking about love, and men talk about love, about women talking about men and men talking about women and men talking about men , and everyone talking about death by talking and speaking until you yourself want to scream and do something that does not require any talk, such as painting the bedroom or watering your plants. Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where the psycho reign reigns supreme and where no one can get to live a productive life, because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their lives are. The time spent with the characters in a novel by Lawrence is like being locked in a closet with a most absorbed group of knowledge that you run from meeting to a party. When I read "Loved Women," I wanted so desperately to gather every character in her, but since I could not, we hoped at least to strangle each other. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, not by strangulation, and I will not spoil it for you, telling who, if you really bloody this story or any of these people. To give Ken Russell his job, he makes this movie as interesting as making this novel unimaginable. He throws a big part of the psychological mumbo-jumbo that Lawrence loved and focuses on all the naughty parts, so we have a lot of histrionic love in beds and fields, two naked naked men fighting the light of fire, and the embarrassing scene with Alan Bates (yup, buck empty again) walks on a meadow that makes love with bushes and grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the more dominant she is with her two sisters at the beginning of the story, and she's definitely trying to do something with this stuff; someone would deserve an Oscar simply because they had to bear Russell's decision to give a scene in which she must dance wild in front of a forgotten cattle herd. Oliver Reed has an expression, an intense glow. The whole thing is over-written and over-directed, and it is deliberately campy. Indeed, this fits with Mommie Dearest, perhaps the most unintentional hysterical movie I have ever seen.
