"Prom Night" is a remake of the title just in 1980, starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This movie takes place in a town in Oregon where Donna (Brittany Snow) is going to go to her senior ball and have fun after having been through some extremely traumatic events in recent years. She and her friends come to the ball that takes place in a big hotel and try to enjoy what is supposed to be the most fun night in their lives. Little is known, a man from Donna's past, who has haunted her for years, is also in the ball ... and is willing to kill someone in her pursuit. <br /> <br /> I am a fan of the original Prom Night, so I tried to keep a little hope in this movie, but I have to admit that I was quite disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst affection a horror film might have and predictability. There are absolutely no surprises here, and I felt that I saw everything in this movie done a dozen times, often better, before. What does this mean for the audience? Boredom. Unless, of course, you've never seen horror movies or you're part of the pre-teen crowd, but most audiences will most likely be able to guess almost everything that's going to happen. The plot is simplistic, but the whole scenario is devoid of any kind of surprise, twist, atmosphere or anything else, and this really damages the movie because it never gives the audience anything to sink its teeth. Everything seemed very gentle. A lot of people seem to complain about the fact that this is also a PG-13 movie, and I understand what they say but I do not think it's impossible to make a good movie with a minimal slasher. Take for example "Halloween" at Carpenter - little or no violence on the screen, but at the same time an extremely frightening and effective film. You do not need gore to make a scary movie, but even if Prom Night was violent free of charge (which is not, it's very healed), it would have added a little in the movie because there's not much in the script for start with. Tension and suspense are, at best, light and spent most of the movie predicting the outcome of the situation and it was fairly around 99% of the time. Our characters are not written enough for the audience to get in touch with them, and their deaths from numbers are routine and negligent. I'll highlight a few things I did about this movie, though, because it was not completely useless - the cinema is very beautiful and everything was very well filmed and quite elegant. Among the jumping spirits (which are mostly predictable), there were some who were smart enough. Movie sets are also beautiful and the hotel is a clean place for the story to unfold, no matter how predictable it may be. As for the act, it is mediocre at best. Brittany Snow plays a decent role, but really the rest of the song does not show talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the bastard and is probably the most experienced performer here, but he's not even that impressive. However, I liked the character he played, which was a nice change to the typical "masked-stalker" killer we see a lot. As for the end, in the last fifteen minutes of the movie I was bored to the end of my mind and it was very anti-locking. Overall, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very close to routine and predictable figures, which is somewhat upsetting, as this had the potential to be a decent film. There were some beautiful moments, but the film did not have suspense or atmosphere, it had little stage development, no credible characters. I would advise fans of horror horror to save your money and wait until they are broadcast on the video or rent the original, because there is absolutely no surprise here. Some might find a bit of entertainment in it, but it was too predictable for my tastes. I expected better and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
