I almost made myself crazy when I was going to start this review saying "This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT," but then I looked at the scriptwriter Lee Hall's resume just to find out he was the guy who wrote BILLY ELLIOT so it is Mr. Hall who makes a crazy about himself is not I a little cruel on him? Not because Lee has something most other aspiring British scriptwriters do not have - Does he have a foot in the door, has he previously written a successful British film that won awards and made money at the box office and what does he do next? He gives audience more of the same Young Jimmy Spud lives on a kitchen sink unit. He is assaulted at school and no one loves him. The only thing that prevents him is to have the aspirations to be a ballet dancer. In fact, he does not have aspirations to be an angel, but given his home, he may also be a ballet dancer. He has a macho of a father who thinks that "ballet dancers are a bunch of poets, while his grandfather says that" ballet dancers are as good as any other man you could meet. I remember seeing the ballet "Bolshoi ..." Yup Ballet is a main discussion point for a short time you are driving in the UK - NO. Do not think about it, nor the left-wing politics, which seems to be the only middle class preserve, brave people who live in beautiful big houses, so everything about this set is ridiculously false. Another major criticism is that this is a movie that has no idea about which they are trying to appeal. criticized Channel 4 for broadcasting movies at times that were inappropriately inadequate (EXHIBITION FROM FORGOT TIME at 6 o'clock in the morning, for example), but they showed it at 2am and because they did it on the spot. I hate it) lung cancer and poverty there is no way this can be considered suitable for a family audience but because the main protagonist is an 11 year old child and presents angels and ballet dancers (Do not blame me if I seem obsessed with topic - there was no need to refer to it) is not too much here for an intelligent adult audience. Of course, if Lee Hall had said in the developing phase of the scenario by the producers that he should write a story with a pupil and an angel and categorically refused to say he wanted to write about other themes and stories, then I apologize, but throughout the movie you felt that once the movie was over, it was going to be sold to the same audience as BILLY ELLIOT
