Years after the fall of the last major corporation, the world has fallen into a new dark epoch, where cyborgs are harvested for their parts. Cash, a female cyborg, travels to a desert doctor to receive news that she is pregnant. On the way to Recyclers (cyborgs hunting bounty hunters), Cash is trying to find its way to Cytown, the mythical refuge for cyborgs. "Cyborg 3: Recycling" is the third away) in the CYBORG trilogy. The first film was originally planned to be a continuation of UNIVERSAL MASTERS but was quickly rewritten in a post-apocalyptic post-apocalyptic martial arts event that became a classic cult due to its cheerful scenes. CYBORG 2: GLASS SHADOW was a sequel that really improved over its predecessor, but was not widely seen (and was rejected by the few who saw it as inexpensive feed). to be a combination of the first two films (the first was a cheesy action movie, while the second was Cyberpunk's smart story), but unfortunately it does not get along. The budget was obviously lower than CYBORG 2, the film being placed in desert deserts (just like many post-apocalyptic films of the 1990s) shot around old industrial buildings to save costs. <br /> <br /> The film's story focuses on a plot device, the one of a pregnant cyborg, which is just as exciting and absurd (this movie is not the first to try this idea, the OVA ARMITAGE III anime series uses it more a lot). But the film falls into the same trap that is being sacrificed by so many science-fiction films with a low budget, in that snags (synthetic organisms) are nothing but androids. The visual effects are nothing but prosthetic weapons and makeup effects. The act is quite standard for this type of film, and the lead actress (Khrystyne Haje) is the weakest performer on the screen. Instead of enjoying the news that she is pregnant, she acts with all her soul and soul. Her co-stars are much better, Malcolm McDowell being the usual gangster type who enlivens the scenes he's featured, and Richard Lynch has a lot of fun as a main character. Notable is Andrew Byniarski, playing Lynch's man, who will later appear in the remake of Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE and his prequel.
