Can you say a Lew Grade production a mile? distinctly British style; epic in conception; populated by all international plays; usually set in exotic climates. It's a formula that Grad and the ITC Company hired it in the 1970s in the early 1980s, leading to titles like The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise the Titanic! In 1977, Grade produced "March Or Die", a remarkable old adventure of Foreign Legion that shapes all the features mentioned above. Directed by Dick Richards, usually trusted? who led the acclaim "Farewell My Lovely," just a few years earlier - March Or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. A foreign legionary company headed by Foster (Gene Hackman) is briefly sent to Morocco after the First World War 1. Their mission is to protect an archaeological party faced by Francois Marneau (Max Von Sydow). Archaeologists make a dump in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack on the Arab tribes as a result of the decimation of an earlier archaeological group. Foster is not satisfied with the mission? he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of the fact that his people risk their lives. This creates a continuous tension between him and Marneau, who thinks that Legionnaires should sacrifice their lives to make the excavations possible. Problems intensify when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) labels with the legionnaires. She hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian kidnapped by the Arabs, when they erased the first archaeological team. Her presence raises desires among the legionnaires, not more than the Gypsy thief, Marco Segrain (Hill Terence), a dishonest and courageous dishonest who initially shows indifference to legionary colleagues, but gradually grows in stature. Things are approaching a giant battle at Erfoud, with united Arab tribes of swarms, who are dealing with a handful of legionnaires as they desperately try to defend their lives. On paper, the star duo of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill seem a mismatch? Hackman is the winning Oscar winner, Hill, who is the most beautiful but limited, Italian, of the many Western budget spaghetti. One expects Hackman to act on his screen counterpart. However, bizarrely, Hackman gives poor and unimportant performance, while Hill raises his game to surprisingly high levels. The film is attractively shot in desert locations, but the pace is extremely slow and few of the characters deserve to care. Maurice Jarre's music is too smooth? very disappointing from the guy who gave us the Lawrence Of Arabia score. It is remarkable that no one was going to try an old-fashioned adventure of this kind in the 1970s (it was a genre that reached its climax in the 1930s and was forgotten in the decades that have intervened). Unfortunately, does the game really not pay? this homage to the legionary shootings of the elders becomes more a deed than a march.
