It is curious that the two stars in "Meet The People" were a pair of viewers who entered the new TV environment and became even bigger and were so big that they entered production and enjoyed the status the magnate on the small screen. Lucille Ball, however, was not a major star to come with the television. As for Dick Powell, he desperately wanted to get rid of movies like "Meet the People," and his rescue in his career will come in his next film. I think the only reason Dick Powell made the film was a young player from MGM was distributed in a number of specialty and he was seen at that time. His private time of June Allyson was much better than what we see on the screen. Powell looks bored and can not create any kind of emotion. He was probably tired of doing these musicals with silly plots like Warner Brothers. The original Meet the People show was not a book show, it was a magazine and rolled out in the 1940-1941 Broadway season for 160 shows. When MGM bought it, they removed everything, except the title and the title song. The rest of the score was patches together from various and diverse composers, none of the songs is memorable. Odd when you consider that part of the source material is from Burton Lane, E.Y. Harburg, Harold Arlen and Rodgers & Hart. These guys must have emptied the luggage compartment. The terrain is stronger than most of the musical propaganda pieces of the time. Powell is the writer of a magazine called "Meet the People" and is a shipyard worker who once wins the lottery with the Lucille Ball movie star. She is interested, he is interested, both are interested in the review, but the creative differences keep them well out to the final. This is the short story. MGM gave Powell and Ball some good musical acts, which are the main reason for watching Meet the People. The great troops of Vaughn Monroe and Spike Jones are here, and the highlight of the film for me is Bert Lahr dressed in a commodore costume like Lou Costello in the dream sequence of The Marine. The song Heave Ho is written by Arlen and Harburg who wrote for Lahr, the Courage number of The Wizard Of Oz. And just as everyone has seen this movie, you have an idea about Heave Ho is like. Dick Powell's next film was Murder My Sweet, in which he eventually offered not so many musicals. And Lucy should be waiting for the television before people see what they can do.
