Note: I could not force myself to write a constructive review of Prom Night. It simply can not be done. Instead, I went through what I thought while watching the movie. Things I Thought While Looking at Prom Night: - I'm so tired of those dreams where these elaborate deaths will only happen to make the main character wake up just before biting him. Of course, when I say "elaborate deaths", I mean on the neck of the screen or in the stomach. Was not everything destroyed by a "just dream" of Dallas? Speaking of this, I wonder if a couple master in the gut will cause immediate death. The film is only ten minutes and I can already count on horror clichés on both hands. It's not a good sign. - Even after meeting with the protagonist friend, I'm convinced he will die. Anyone want to place bets? <br /> <br /> - The killer in this movie is a teacher who is obsessed with the main character, Donna. (By the way, does anyone think that "Donna" is a horrible name for a lead character in a horror movie?) He spends three years in a maximum security prison before breaking and finds Donna celebrating her high school ball . Although there is no accounting for taste, I seriously wonder who would take all the time to stalk someone so bored like Donna. -Large schools allow proms to take place in hotels and do not keep track of students. It seems that students are perfectly able to buy a hotel room and get in and out as you like it. I suppose if this plot point was not in place, the movie would be 90 minutes of people bored of their minds and biting the dust every time they go to the bathroom. I suppose the compromise for their enthusiasm is my boredom altogether. I've already played "counting pieces of gum bubble chewed under the chair" and "guess how much money I have in my wallet" and I'm only 20 minutes away. How else will I have fun? <br /> <br /> -No to yourself: Do not forget milk and bread on the way home. <br /> <br /> -As a screenwriter: You've used enough fright to go through this movie and any other horror remake this year. The 1980 version of this movie was not that good, but compared to this remake was Citizen Kane, or at least The Godfather. He had Jamie Lee Curtis in one of his many horror films after Halloween and had a small "twist" at the end. I miss Jamie Lee. I want her to act more. - There is not much dancing on the ball. Instead, girls struggle with their friends where they plan to attend college. I have heard that all these colleagues are raised by name and I can not forget what these girls are to cheat on the admission exam to get in. The killer must carry a truly effective bag of cleaning material and erase the mischief between scenes. This is the only logical explanation for why one might kill someone on a rug or in a bath, and when someone goes to the hotel room, there is no trace of battle. (Another note: this is a very lazy killer, Michael Myers sought after his victims simply by saying.) - It's official: the whole audience in the theater is rooted in the murderer. What triggered it? Was it whenever Donna returned to the hotel room, while the sirens were going to order everyone to leave the building? Was her constant dreams and how, even after something dramatic had passed in that dream, did she insist to rethink her steps toward a tee? Or was Brittany Snow's unconvincing interpretation? I have to say that it was all of the above. Okay, who died on the screen in the third act? Win the pot. Finally, the movie is over. My friend turns to me and says, "Donna was not too smart." This is the underestimation of the week. Like a way to say that a tornado is a tiny gust of wind, or a one-week power break is a little inconvenience. - I can not wait to get to Rotten tomatoes and see if anyone has given you that move a favoring review. <br /> <br /> - I can not recommend this. I refuse to recommend this. This is just as lazy as a horror movie like any, and the only way to enjoy fragrant scent plot is if you are under the influence of at least ten beers. And, unfortunately, for theater therapists, alcohol is not served. <br /> <br /> Rating: * from ****
