"New best friend" is another entry in the sub-genre "steals the life of another woman"; of which the best are "The only white woman" and "The hand that prays the cradle"; the worst you can catch almost every afternoon on the Lifetime channel. For some reason, this type of identity theft is exclusively for women. There are only two basic ways to play this type of story. You can make the bad woman from the beginning and let the audience look at it knowingly as she pulls out and implements her bad scheme. Or use a wrong direction to make him look good, because a series of seemingly unplanned events intertwine in his favor until it is revealed as bad in the scenic climate. Unfortunately, "Best Friend" producers could not decide how they wanted to play it, and things collapsed and burned early. First of all, we meet Alicia (Mia Kirshner) chanting the financial assistance office of the college for scholarship money. Now we know he's a bad person and he'll see all his next activity with suspicion. But the director and publisher obviously forgot that this revelation was made and spent the next 50 minutes wrong direction to make us believe that Alicia is a good person. This introduces the only suspense element, not whether it is bad, but about when the director and publisher will understand and will not lose our time with a transparent mistake. "Best New Friend" suffers more than most of the curse of the teenage film of a cast too old to be portrayed by students. There are only two big parts, Hadley (Meredith Monroe) and Alicia (Kirshner). There were 31 and 26 at the time of production. He's almost working for 26-year-old Kirshner when playing Alicia's mousy version, but it's obvious when he turns into Alicia's gladiated version. Monroe's casting is simply a joke, as if Nicholette Sheridan tries to pass as a classmate on Lizzie McGwire. It looks much more like a crisis in the middle of life than with a term work. Manufacturers must have given a lot of favors, because this age issue extends to most supporting characters. Taye Diggs, who plays the sheriff in town, is younger than most students. The basic configuration is that Hadley and other two rich party parties (played by Dominque Swain - 21 and Rachel True-Age 35) are college colleagues. They share (as a student residence) a more pleasant and better manor than the Real World-New Orleans mansion (a more credible premise than the soccer moms playing students). Alicia moves into the mansion and begins to take over Hadley's life. At least, in this way, Swain finally gets a roommate of her own generation so the two can have a lesbian scene. Swain's performance is the only good thing about "Best Friend on the Market," and the Kirshner Love Story is fantastic, so cool and artistic that it does not match any of the other segments, maybe it was subcontracted to a good film director. The unintentional hilarious story is presented in a series of amazing flashbacks of sex parties and non-stop parties, each of them following a photo of Alicia coma in a hospital bed. About half of the time spent on Kirshner's screen is spent motionless with a tube in his mouth. It's not a good move for Mia career. Again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
