PROM NIGHT (2008) directed by: Nelson McCormick <br /> <br /> with Brittany Snow, Scott Porter, Jessica Stroup and Dana Davis. Three years ago, Donna (Brittany Snow) witnessed the death of her entire family in the hands of her teacher (Jonathan Schaech), who has a bit of passion over her. Now she's getting ready for her senior ball with her stupid annoying friends. Once there, they begin to die one by one because the killer escaped from prison and no one bothered her to warn Donna because she seemed too important to interrupt. <br /> <br /> Prof: I have some good laughs in the movie because of the terrible dialogue and the silent mute character. An example: Everyone decides not to tell Donna that the man who is obsessed with her (not so great) has escaped from prison. Their reason: They do not want to do it to all her friends. LOL <br /> <br /> counter: Let me start by saying that I am a huge fan. Usually I can have fun with the bad guys. I even like some horror films PG-13. TOURIST TRAP (1979), one of my favorites, was originally rated PG. I like POLTERGEIST (1982) and GRUDGE (2004). So the fact that this is a great movie that is rated PG-13 has nothing to do with not enjoying the movie. First of all, we had a big problem with the story. I like movies that do not have stories. At least they can be fun. It's a teacher who falls in love with his student, so he kills the whole family. A few years later, try to deal with her, destroying her ball and killing all her friends ...? Then there were subplots that I doubt someone cares. Claire (Jessica Stroup) struggles with her boyfriend, cramps and no longer interests me. This should have been a feature of life, not a remake of PROM NIGHT. <br /> <br /> And then ... this is a movie of slasher with terrible death scenes. I do not even care that it's not that gorilla, some of the best singers (HALLOWEEN, CURTAINS, PROM NIGHT) were not that bad, but they still had effective killings. Here, we have half the characters who die in the same hotel room on the screen, a woman being stabbed several times without stab wounds and a lock on the face of a bad actor while shouting in agony. I'm sure the 10-year-old girls have been terrified, but not me. I also hated the characters. It was Bobby's (Scott Porter) lover, who is not realistic, and I can guarantee you will never meet a lover who's sensitive to your life unless you're a homosexual man. Then I had friends of Donna Claire (Stroup) and Lisa (Dana Davis), and the phrase means Chrissy (Brianne Davis). If you think the characters in DEATH PROOF are annoying, try watching this movie. And it does not make me start with Ronnie (Collins Pennie) and the DJ (Jay Phillips), who gave me repeats of Usher's show in "SHE'S ALL THAT". Add to everything that comes back the predictable plot, soundtrack and a great lack of respect for the original material, and you have quite a stinker.
