In reviewing this film, I can only go through my experiences as a weekend warrior who is doing my basic training in July, August and September 1971 at that earth garden, Fort Polk, Louisiana. Getting High Ground was not like I remember the basic training. But you have to remember that at that moment Korea was ending in a deadlock, but it was a conventional war as I knew it. It was not Vietnam, a guerilla war in the jungle, where we continued to pour drafts into an endless pit. The project at that time was an undesirable but accepted as still necessary for the defense of the country. Richard Widmark is a veteran of Korea, now allocated to the state, to train troops to go abroad. The film is about one of his training cycles and the people in the platoon he has to train. These are the usual ones you will find in almost every war movie of the previous decade. <br /> <br /> One thing I'll boast Take it to the highest level is that MGM has admitted that our army has now been integrated with the presence of William Hazard as a black recruit in the platoon. It was in keeping with the spirit of the times that were a change. But I will say that a recruiter like Russ Tamblyn would have been cured of his clever mouth on the first day. Richard Widmark would not have risked death or become an eunuch, to give Jerome Courtland confidence with a weapon. And he would not be so worried about Robert Arthur's abandonment. They just let MPs handle him. Of course he was shot in and around Fort Bliss and El Paso, Texas gave good authenticity. But see it as an army recruitment film, and you can certainly understand why the government has so impressed cooperation that day. I remember drilling sergeants have small conflicts that you can pick up when you're not worried they've reached your case for something that was 95% of the time. But there is no way Karl Malden served Widmark outside while preparing for several witnesses among recruits. Both would have realized that it would undermine authority, something the army would not do. I would have liked to say something better about Take the High Ground because I really like his talent, he is talented director Richard Brooks, even the foolish theme of Dimitri Tiomkin and Ned Washington, fresh from their Oscar with a year before for High Noon. The film actually received an Oscar nomination for the best script and story by Millard Kaufman. Probably it was for Kaufman's vivid imagination.
