We see a dead girl dead body in a morgue, while the coroner tries to close the girl's eyes, but whatever they try will not remain open. After that, we move in the future and follow a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but they suddenly begin to fry one by one in many awful ways. Through flashbacks, we find this terrible suicide by a shy girl trying to be one of the group but she was kicked out of them because they dug their past and found some strange events. So he comes back from the grave in search of revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a wonderful and always scary story! Well, that's what I hope I can say. And "hope" was as good as it came. This is an amazing, so supernatural horror movement I've actually seen, but I thought it was my first view. So, to my surprise, it struck me when I started to do some things, but I said it was a pretty forgettable mix that it was a first view again. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds a few changes to the boil. Oh, please give me something that's a bit fresher. It does not have to be entirely original, but this is a formula and at times quite tired J-horror movie. Even if inspiration along the ghost story usually involves guessing correctly ??? a bad looking, revenge chicken spirit. <br /> <br /> But despite my negativity being just as old, the same old story and jerk. This kind of nourishes when they are hideous and popping in some ghastly pictures. deaths are displayed live with bite, and some originality. while the ghastly atmosphere alienates the audience with its unseen lighting. the first scene involving the spirit of terrorizing one of the girls is a bloody experience, but really when it does not try to shock you. I found it quite coma induction and I thought getting eye-catching. this could be tough, but it simply did not go anywhere between these shocks moments. You could say that since the supposed mystery is not really a big part of one, the sure story is just plain flat, and the characters are an egocentric bunch that they do not care about what happens to them. The split story should have focused more on the spirit than on those gentle characters who have an unconvincing group relationship. She has far exceeded her cards, becoming too muddled and taking too long to go that when it comes to the climax it's simply ridiculous. However, the film looks good, although it could have been done without the rapid fire edition, and the music score was a bit arrogant in playing the mood. Performances slip through a fine line, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the lead role. There is nothing new and steals without ideas, but if you can look beyond the fact that it gives rise to ugly emotions. However, we found that treatment is rather lethargic, despite the unlikely frizz. A standard effort all the time assumes, but it's still just as hard to believe.
