This is the sound of Stan and Ollie rotating in their graves. I'm not bothered to present the fundamental mistakes of this film, because they are so obvious that they do not speak. Small things like "New Adventures of Laurel and Hardy," despite the fact that the stars have died for over thirty years when it was made. Few things like this. <br /> <br /> A bad idea would be for the actors to play some buffs that are going to call themselves Laurel and Hardy. It's so bad it would have worked. For a really bad idea, try to throw two actors to impress the duo. Okay, they might claim to be grandchildren, but the end result is the same. Bronson Pinchot can be fun. Okay, look at his alien wizard, "Cousin Larry," in Perfect Strangers, and looks at him in True Romance. Here, however, he smells. It's probably not his fault and, like the director and support distribution - all who are better than the material - was probably just desperate for money. There are people who claim that Americans find it difficult to master a strong English accent. This is not helped here by Pinchot. What is Stan? Welsh? Iranian? Pakistani? Only in Stan's diary does he approach him, although the jelly is overstretched to the point where he has nothing to write about. Gailard Sartain is doing better than Ollie, though it's like saying the worst - getting into the dirt of the dog or blowing silently? <br /> <br /> Remember the originals with their synchronization, intuitive teamwork and inherent love? Well, she is absent altogether, replaced by two old fools and jokes, so wrong you could park a bus through gaps. While the originals had plots that could have been summed up in a pair of panels, it has a hokum mummy (and a terrible title) that mixes with the boys' fraternity scenario. I can not claim to have seen each of 108 Laurel and Hardy films, but I think it's a sure bet that they also had bigger laws than that. Perhaps the most important issue is that the originals played on their own, or at least using their own accents. At least he felt natural and unforced, unlike the contradictory caricatures Pinchot and Sartain. And since Stan's done malapropims and so many at that? "I wanted to give you a permanent incineration"; - I'd like to marry my friend. Stop! <br /> <br /> The remarkable moment is a reference to Bozo Clown, the cartoon character who shared Larry Harmon's L & H comedy. Harmon, of course, bought the author's name (as it was disturbing to see a ® after Laurel and Hardy) and was a co-director and producer of this transvestite. <br /> <br /> Questions abound. Would Stan and Ollie be in trouble if they were alive today? Would it be glass bottles with broken bottles? Should stools be snatched into the genitals with a spear and end with a large CGI-final? Hope not. I laughed once, but I think it was just in unbelief about how terrible it is. Why was this movie made first? Who thought the decision-makers would like this? Perhaps the worst movie I've ever seen, an absolute abomination, I'm tired of looking at just the first five minutes. It's as fun as having your head trapped in a vice while a red-hot poker and stinging nettle are forcefully inserted into the back passage.
