In a version of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma is engaged in what can be called an unknown territory in which the blockbuster has a new form. Thakur goes south. Mohanlal, like Narsimha, the police inspector whose family was killed, is looking for revenge on the Madrasi style. The accent is totally Southern, unlike Thakur in the north. The removal of the hands of Thakur by Gabbar is also cut to the fingers of Aag. So the costs are allocated because there is no effort to conceal the hands, instead of covering only a long knife that you need to cover for your fingers cut. Moreso at the climax when Thakur uses his legs and says, "Tere Liye to the simple paer hi kaafi hai," here Narsimha uses the knives of his fingers to shoot a gun and kill the bastard. Babban, the new avar of the gabbar, is also different. He is not from Bihor or UP. He is Bambaiya. Gabbar's infamous laughter is also in two installments this time and is more submissive. Babban asks Diwali instead of Holi and Romanians Urmila to replace Helen in Mehbooba. he also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba.Babban is smarter this time. He throws the apple and asks the question that made Isaac Newton discover the laws of gravity. Bastian is much more verbose than the Ghungroo car driver. Nisha Kothari can not play the car driver and looks too artificially using words like "having fun" and "too much" with the abandonment of homosexuals. Virus was fun, while Ajay Devgun is a bad act for the role. God talks about the incident at Basanti, and shooting lessons, Koi Haseena's song and water tank sequences are painful. The water tank turns into a well and the drunk devil is so bad in the sequence that the audience would have wanted to commit suicide. Jai was composed and serious. Prashant Raj is better than others because we do not expect anything. But it also collides on the Mausi sequence. It's not as romantic as Jai's mouth. Jaya's role as Sushmita is changing her career. A pure housewife turns into a doctor who enters full-time social service after her husband is killed. And she does not have the pain Jaya has shown. Her flirting with Jai is more open this time. Samba has a bigger role this time than Tambe. He does not have to throw weapons and answer Gabbar's questions this time. He follows Babban wherever he goes and is a bodyguard with more visibility outside the day. The horses go to the Jeep and the car. Gabbar's nest continues to change, and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. Generally, it's more than just a paragon than anything else. The RGV comes with its own interpretation of the classic. But we remember the original so well, even after three decades, that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and changed dialogues. So we call a doll. Thus, Mr. RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) are no longer producing remixes and are no longer original.
