Sholay: Considered to be one of the biggest movies. I have always wondered if they will ever play the classic. It was when RGV announced this movie and I was very excited to see it. I always thought it might be a good movie, but every week here RGV will change something. And the movie is a very B-grade movie, something I did not hope for. I've really tried to look for positions, but I promised to keep Sholay away. The cinema is wonderful. The film tries to be his own film. But this is the top. Sequences of action are weak. The scenario had potential. The biggest flaw is editing. None of the scenes delight you. For example, comedy sequences felt very little localized and forced. Ironic because the comedy was just as fun in the original. And none of the characters are developed. And no scene will stay until the end. And the conclusion was very disappointing. The biggest question is to act. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing wonderful. It seemed that they focused too much on his appearance, that the character looks just threatening, but I do not crawl. Mohanlal is barely in the movie, but he impresses in some of his scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It was not so much the show, he gave it all, it was the poor script. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to do much better with better movies. I had the most expectations for Sushmita Sen, who was probably the best of the batch. It was expressive, but it still was not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She seemed mostly disinterested, but her emotional scene after her boyfriend's death was pretty good. She seems to have to find a director to help her talent, not her cute look. But what disappointed me most was chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not look like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. No passion was found between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not make the hateful passion they needed. As for the songs, they suck pretty much. Mehbooba's Urmila was too exaggerated and I slept pretty much through him. However, it was beautifully danced. Holi's number was nice, but not memorable. The same thing was for the other songs. For someone looking forward to this movie, I was very disappointed. I had great hopes for RGV because of her jungle, but it seems she lost her talent during the filming of this film. But hopefully, he regains his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this movie is best forgotten. All the positives still do not get to the boring movie.
