GENERAL PERFORMANCE: - Finally, long AAG waiting strikes screens. Unfortunately, he could not establish a progressive fire in public. The first thing you need to talk about is the idea to remodel the great SHOLAY. And Varma made a beautiful choice to change the overall background of the movie. If he repeated the same Ramghad background, people will once again say that there is nothing new in this. The different context is appreciated, but the way it was presented is not worthy. Right from the beginning of his career at SIVA in Telugu, he used the same lighting and a kind of background. I do not know very much about this guy that Varma considers illuminated or not, or maybe he has no other lighting technique than gordon willis GODFATHER. It's all the Dutch sands. Why would a body so many Dutch angles and extreme extreme photos !!!!!!! The hit division is blades. Characters could not bear emotion, performances are not on their edge, Storytelling is worse, The context is really terrible. Babban: - Amitabhz was overhead at his job. VARMA has made great villains like Bikumatre, Bhavtakur Das, Mallik Bhai, but this time he has not been able to sculpt the best characters of the Hindi cinema. There is no comparison between Gabbar and Babban. Babban is more a psychopath than a villain, yet he has a soft corner for his brother (It's a gift in this movie). Amitabhz's performance is not in front of him. The appearance itself is pathetic. The scratch on the nose symbolizes the murderers of the black and white cinema. What Babban has ever done is not successful. Babban is not a comparison with Gabbar. Narsimha: - The first good thing about this character is not to put the audience in suspense with regard to hands. If he did this, he would be as if he had taught ABCD to a bachelor's degree. It's good that he opened the secret early. But the retrospective is pathetic. Warm failed to use a great actor like Mohanlal at his mark. Durga: - The only character with kindness. This character has been improved with satisfactory changes and has been used according to the story. Heroo, Raj, Ghunguroo: - No body disturbs or at least considers this character. The total failure of the film begins when the director can not work on the close friendship between our heroes. These characters do not wear anything on this movie. RAMGOPALVARMA: - His quality is degrading, diminishing. AAG total can be treated as a C grade film. Sholay is a revenge fire, a problem of a city, that is, for true friendship and fun and much appreciated by Dharmendra. AAG never had any excitement with his characters. Storytelling is too weak, because it can not make the audience feel the sympathy of the characters. Do not compare AAG with sholay, still does not like it. <br /> <br /> If you dare to watch this movie. You will be burnt alive in RAMGOPAL VARMA KI AAG
