Good. So I'm back. Before I start the review, let me tell you one thing: I wanted to like this movie. I know I was negative in the past, but I was hoping to be surprised and even enjoy the movie. I did not. It's not just that any clip of horror imaginable is in it. And not just the fact that they do each little thing in a hope of jump (going in a baseball bat on the left floor on the floor? Are you kidding me?). It simply was not scary. One thing I was surprised about was more blood than I thought it would be .. that does not say too much. The film begins with Donna being abandoned by Lisa's mother to her house. She's coming ... upstairs. The room tray with her father died on the couch. Frightening. He goes upstairs, where the above-mentioned baseball scene happens. She finds her brother on his bed, seemingly dead (how could he say he had no blood on him). The killer enters, Donna is hiding under the bed, my mother dies. She runs out of screaming for help. Killer behind her: "We did it for us." Cut to the therapy session. This confused a lot of people - everyone wondered if the family or not died or did not imagine it - and mentions how nightmares began to come back. The fill dialog ends. <br /> <br /> Cut it fast enough. Few salary scenarios go to the hotel. Of course, the killer is already there (for some reason, he escaped 3 days ago, but the police / family were not informed until he was already there). There are several fillers. I will not continue to say what's happening in the movie, because I do not want to ruin it too much. If you want to know who is dying, Horror_Fan has already made a message about it. But about the subjects of death: they were not so interesting. People in the theater laughed loudly (an experience I've never had before in a horror film, not even in the case of a stranger's call) during several of them. One, in particular: the type of bus boy who offers the most hilarious "scary face" I've ever seen. The only death that involved blood was Lisa, and that was rare. Her neck is cut, the blood (if you can even say that - it was practically black) splatters on the carpet. The only other blood was Claire when we see his body. Apparently, Fenton decided to stab her several times after she suffocated her to death. Um, okay? The film was one of the most cliches I've ever seen. Let's see here ... mandatory close-mirror-curtain-BOOM! scene. Check it out. Twice, actually (you could say they are fighting). Mandatory supporter-in-killing. Check it out. There is also the lamp support scenario, but you have all seen it. Are you saying you want a bird scarecrow? Well, you got him! (Yes, they managed to include one of those here). And, of course, our scene of all-out-of-all-out-but-yet-escaped. To keep going? We could. <br /> <br /> Because someone says the characters were not bad, do you mind me? "Oh, even if the massive alarm sounds, literally saying" PLEASE WAIT the building and 3 of my friends are missing, I'm going upstairs to get my cloak. " These characters have been some of the most defective and bad characters ever. The only nice character - Lisa - made one of the stupidest moves in the movie. "Oh, I just realized the psycho-teacher is here! I have to let my lover back behind me to warn him ... Oh, pull, the elevator will slow down ... I think I'll take the stairs and I will flee to the building site! "Ugh. By the end of the movie, everyone deserves to die. The only death that any remorse felt was Donna's lover (I do not even remember his name - is it so bad?), And until then the audience was completely emptied out of this frightened, screamed movie. There were a few positive things - the act was decent for the most part and was well shot. But that's about it. It would give me a 1/5, and that's generous. Just for laugh (and believe me, audience had a few), and Brittany Snow. Oh, and the reaction was bad. Very bad. People started booming after the movie ended, and the buzz was very negative. Wait for your bad feet for this.
