I can not come up with the right words to describe the horror I felt in this cinema by watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the director's half-hearted attempt to pay tribute to that classical western Bollywood, Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's remake is that he does not even try to make a credible movie. It is obvious in every frame of this film that Varma's heart is not in it. What you see on the screen is a bad joke in the best case, a gimmick from the film maker and makes you see how little attention really looks for a movie he claims to have been a fan of his life. has seen many bad movies over the years, but I do not remember one who was as tortured as she did. Consider yourself very courageous if you manage to survive the entire movie, because it tests patience as if few movies had taken before. Warm can borrow his plot and characters from the original movie, but his version is tricked and empty and does not have any of Sholay's spirit and energy. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of that timeless jewel, because it turns out to be all that the original movie was not - over the beginning, too long, too boring and mindless. The very loved moments of Sholay are parodied by Varma and that's why you want to twist your neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, where Dharmendra like Veeru climbs on the bottom of the water and threatens to jump to death, returns to this film with Ajay Devgan playing Hero, pulling a gun in his head, threatening to shoot . How do you want him to pull the trigger and spare us all the agony. Not only Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag fails as Sholay's remake, it's a pretty bad effort even as an autonomous film. The tyrannical background score sounds more like someone who clutches the dishes in the kitchen, and room work overlaps between drama and head. Partners in this terrible crime to bring this ridiculous film to the screen are the most deadly actors like wood. Sushmita Sen as Devi widow takes both the role and the movie too seriously, putting in line with her lines with breaks, looking into the room for effect and generally interpreting how her life depends. Mohanlal as Narsimha, he struggles with his Hindi dialogue and feels embarrassed to deliver some of the stupidest lines in his illustrious career. Newborn Prashant Raj playing Jai-equivalent Raj has no action to talk about and can not hurt any of the intensity of brooding Amitabh Bachchan brought to the part of the original film.As Hero, the old Veeru, Ajay Devgan is completely hopeless, unsuccessful in his comedy attempts. But the weakest link to the movie, easily the most shocking casting decision, is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who enters Hema Malini's shoes like Basanti, Sholade's aerodynamic head. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but perhaps the worst actress in the world, it gives the annoying word a whole new meaning and makes you want to cut your wrists every time it's on the screen. And then there is Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh, the version of Ramgopal Varma, the most popular bitch in the Hindi cinema Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this ensemble, who recognizes the tone of the head and plays it properly, Bachchan builds a threatening character, which is a cure for watching. He wants to be a comic book bastard who goes mad, lame, muzzle and snakes, and does all this for a good effect. But because he was caught in such a desperate business, his performances do not really contribute to lifting the movie in any way. There are no surprises here, I'm going with zero to ten and two fingers for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, those painful movies watching movies that you do not even submit to an enemy. It's not like Varma did not work with a remake before. With Sarkar he gave us a clever, captivating trap on Naşul, and it is a pity that he made this flood such a very loved classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is the worst decision of his career ever, is also a dark spot in his resume, he will be embarrassed forever. I suspect that this film will descend into the history of the film like Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
