A drama at her center, "Anna", shows that true truth that all actors are aging and sometimes disappearing. Anna is a character who thinks America is her safety net, her home, and can not do her harm? but she refuses to refrain from doing work she does not believe. She is impatient, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life without being afraid to let others in. Anna flip flops between personalities, making this movie ideal for an elderly star, but not for the viewing audience. "Anna" was praised for her star Sally Kirkland, and her ability to get "grungy" for the role, but a month in 2008, "Anna" does not remain a base of film culture. It's dated, boring and formal chaotic. Director Yurek Bogayevicz has a hidden message in Anna about Czechoslovakia's falsifications, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to let them stab them. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, use wood frames to allow Kirkland to stand out and is not afraid to diminish the surrounding characters so when you leave the film, Kirkland do you remember. If it's not obvious, this movie did not fit well with me. From the opening of the first act and deep in the second, "Anna" felt like a high school theater production. Characters were nonexistent, there was no luminous pre-story, and there was no definition of time or place. It was Sally Kirkland, stubbornly saying she is better than other actresses fighting for the same lifestyle she wants. She happens to meet a friend, a young woman who has traveled a long distance to get to America for glamor and glamor, and two of them (within 20 minutes) build a friendship that could break all the walls. It's boring and incredibly emotional. Again, by chance, we meet Daniel Daniel's lover (played by the weak Robert Fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character? just to draw attention to Anna Kirkland. Over the next two hours, do we watch multiple random acts associated with anonymous characters scattering together to create a story that is held together by lost threads? and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, I hurt to say this, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic movie when Bogayevicz presented equal time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but instead we are forced into a unilateral game where emotional scenes speak louder than the plot. <br /> <br /> Is the place where Charlize Theron found inspiration for his smaller role in Monster or Halle Berry in Monster's Ball? Was Sally Kirkland one of the early actresses discovering that by letting go to a character, Oscar will shine in their direction? Throughout this movie, I was disgusted by Anna's portrait about Kirkland, and Bogayevicz's lack of enthusiasm for anything else fluent. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna who does not work hard for her parts, does not care for the others, and is, in general, full of spirit? yet must we feel a sympathy for her? Almost at the beginning of the movie, she forces what she wants to do to others and she gets upset when she fails to make her way. Of course, old actresses appeal to them, but Kirkland creates a more childlike character instead of the mature one. Here Anna could be improved. If it were a mature Kirkland, I would have thrown it, but this Anna, little girl, was impossible to believe. While my favorite scenario was close to the end of the year when Anna goes to watch one of her older movies (including absurd makeup characters) and the movie burns, this scene is also one of the least favored. Anna made a phenomenal life for herself, creating movies and building her dream, but when someone wants to get into the spotlight she becomes jealous and indignant. This did not do for a character I wanted to sit behind the cloud and not win the Oscars. Coupled with the classical background synthesizer of the 1980s, the overstrained scandal over the top closet, and the shifted end (where did it come and what happened?)? "Anna" slipped away from the amazing cinema. It was a showpiece, an opportunity for an older star to shout the world once again. This worked, but I do not think I will be fooled again. Overall, I can not say I was impressed with this movie. "Anna" is not a movie about an aging film star; it's about Sally Kirkland and Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story but fails either because Kirkland does not allow it or just realizes that it is not enough to sustain a complete story. There is one or two decent scenes in this movie, but nothing promotes this film as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz did not create a character that the audience to believe, to break it, or to dedicate a Sunday afternoon to? he created an offense. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress playing it a little upset and crusty on the edges. Perhaps I missed the purpose of this film, but what movies make like this work is the cooperation of all those involved. It was not the case here. In Anna, Kirkland ordered Daniel to behave like a dog (apparently a symbolic act), and yet on the whole emotional scene, I could not believe it was Kirkland like the ones on stage. She did not do that in a movie, turned her into her own production, and because of her "Anna" failed. Can not I suggest this to anyone? from one Czech to another? move on! <br /> <br /> Grade: * ½ of ***** (for that dull theater scene that took me out)
