There are some redeeming qualities for this show. One is that the theme song has a decent song. The show has a beautiful premise. Also, I'm probably in the minority, but I like Wanda. I like the fact that she cares and is more of a mother for Timmy. However, despite all these things, I do not like this show, it's not excretion, but I think it's very annoying. I would not say it is the best animated show on Earth. When I use this term for an animated television show, I'm thinking about Peter Pan and the Pirates, thinking about Darkwing Duck, thinking about Scooby Doo and thinking about Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who truly likes wild Thornberrys and resents having fun. I do not even think the strange parents are the worst animated show on Planet Earth. I accept that it is annoying and, in some ways, overestimated, but it is not the worst show of Nickolodean. This is the area of ​​Crete, God that shows that it is indescribable. But the worst animation I've ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get an idea that's brutally animated, unhappy and sincerely a shame. One thing I do not like about this show is animation. Characters, forgive me if I offend, have very strange features and many backgrounds are boring and do not have the color that makes Spongebob Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys so beautiful to look. Characters, except Wanda, are very annoying. I can not believe that such a talented voice actress, like Tara Strong (aka Charendoff), has expressed Timmy. Timmy finds no pleasure as a main character, he is annoying and sometimes patronizing, and is also a weak decision maker. And his voice makes my nerves. I really like Strong, but not in the show. Another annoying character is Cosmo, the allegedly funny character. Instead, his jokes are as unhappy as he could become. They are either a) contrived, or b) over familiar. Timmy's parents are horrible characters who do not give a snatch of their son, and their personalities are very thin. The story lines are, for the most part, very non-original, and I'm still thinking, where did I see this earlier. Episodes after the arrival of my child seemed impertinent to me. Even worse are the scriptures, very dysfunctional, childish, mindless and suffer from a total lack of energy. Overall, not the worst show ever, but quite poor for a fan of animation and quite uncomfortable to stand still. 3 / 10- there are ransom qualities, and I fully understand if people like it. Bethany Cox
