I started to watch this show probably around 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at that moment I was younger and I enjoyed some jokes on this show. I was 11 years old in 2003, and now I'm 14 years old (2007). Although my age probably plays a major role in judging this show, after reading the reviews of others, I came to see that after the third season, this show fell on the tubes. I agree. This show is unpleasant, repeated and usually focuses on the same plot. The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who was given two Fairy Godparents because his life was horrible - his parents were never around and he had an ugly child. Indeed, the plot of the entire show is that this child (Timmy) and those of Godparents always want a destruction that can not be hindered by making another wish, because something in "Da Rules" says I can not. The show has a lot of lines that continue to repeat, such as "magic can not break real love, super toilet" or even some jokes that Nickelodeon probably thought was funny and decided to put the episode in different moments . <br /> The show is for children under the age of 10 because it involves rough and "baby humor" that most children of my age would not be interested in. The choice of voice could have been better. Timmy has a very strong, strong and feminine voice, just like Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's father sounds like a reporter or host of the game, Timmy's mother's voice is too exaggerated to sound feminine. The attitudes in this show are: in some episodes, Timmy speaks back and acts pampered and snobbish. Wanda seems clever and wise. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and incapable of thinking, as Timmy's father is. Timmy's mother seems to be doing everything Timmy's father does. The show is far from reality to get my taste. Perhaps a younger child, we could see more humor in this show, but as they grow up, it even ages. And not to call it "trashing," but the show has that mentality that makes you want to do homicidal activity against the characters. A show like this should only be your attitude, if you know what I mean. If not, it basically disgusts you.
