I can not resist the show! Has there ever been a single redeeming quality, a fun punchline, or a plot of plot that "does not" make the average viewer want to drown in a bowl of wet cornflakes? <br /> <br /> Voices. Oh, horrible and bloody voices. If you repeatedly pull a set of fine cutlery on a dusty sheet, each character is uniquely annoyed in his aptitude for striking, nasal voice. Cosmo sounds like a stutter, Vicky sounds like a stereotypical toothpick, and Timmy's father makes every line sound like a huge confusion of a host show (Guy Smiley from "Sesame Street" comes to mind). <br /> <> Animation is awful; even the manufacturers of "Yu-Gi-Oh!" laugh at the overwhelming artwork on this show. Each character has buck teeth or a square head or a three-dimensional head too large for his body. And what about the fact that the characters are talking in every line, with big, smiling eyes, as if you were taking a photo with the president? Then there is the fact that every character on the show is completely moronal. Not since the subtle voice of Amelia Bedelia, Homer Simpson and Buddy Lembeck of "Charles in Charge" fame were characters characterized as unrealistically stupid. Usually, "unrealistic" is synonymous with "unfunny", and this is the safest case here. There has been so much harassment based on cluelessness since "The Naked Gun 33 1/3" ... and at least Leslie Nielson was good at it. Ultimately, the premise of the show (and it's the same in every episode, so great time alert alert here): Timmy wants something with the two "pretty oddparents", something is not going well, there's always a contradictory reason why he can not immediately reverse the course and want the damage, and then everything turns out to be very good in the end. And, in a later note, Timmy's parents never believe him when he complains about Vicky and continues to hire her at any occasion. Maybe it's just me, but it seems like a children's show that contains the subtle message that she can not really tell an abusive babysitter is probably not a great idea. <br /> <br /> If you write a paper and you want to read an example of how much the quality of cartoons has dropped, "Strange Fathers" must be a great place to start. A prime example of television producers who are throwing together a worthless product for children with little or no effort, simply because they know someone is going to follow her somewhere.
