When I first saw the Prom Night trailer, I must admit that the trailer looks good and that it would be a fun horror movie. So my friend and I have seen Prom Night last night and I have to say I have to be raised because it was such a ridiculous film, not to say I'm so sick and tired of the horror movies, powerful sounds like an excuse to scare people. There was no tension, the characters, how did he have to care about them? Did they have no development, the killer ?! Oh, God, this was probably the worst serial killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but why would it be the man who never (or at least we do not know) killed anybody before, kills a girl's family and friends that he is just obsessed over? I mean, will he kidnap her or kill her? I have no idea, because this movie makes no sense and is too predictable and insulting to the true fans of horror. <br /> <br /> Donna's family was brutally murdered by her teacher, who became very obsessed with her, he was captured and imprisoned. It's been three years and she's got some peace in her life, she's just going to her top ball. But the killer has escaped and still has Donna in her mind, following her ball, which is bad news for her friends, the hotel servant, and the bell, because it's such a good idea to kill the servant and the bell boy so that no one becomes suspicious enough to check to see where these employees are. Donna is having trouble, because this killer, who is clearly human, can get into unusual homes and can kill so quiet, yet wow people. I'm sorry, I really wanted to love this movie, I did not have a short shot, but it was just a stupid movie that I did not get impressed with. Only the situations were unbelievable and the actors were uncomfortable. I know it was a PG-13 movie, but I really like how someone was brutally stabbed to death and have only a little blood on their clothes? Not to mention stabbing holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone else if you are not a teenager, this film was made for adolescents, not for adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, no offense for those who enjoyed it movie, but I do not understand how anyone could. <br /> <br /> 2/10
