"The Hazing" is one of the movies I always wanted to see only based on the IMDb picture. Yes, that's so superficial! I do not care if ten million people say a bad movie, the poster looks great, so I think I'll see it? Now, "The Hazing" can somehow be described as its alternative title: curious! The poster and the title make the sound a true horror movie set on the campus and deal with sinister initiation rituals, but this film is actually more of a cross between comedy and thriller. First of all, there is something very wrong with the slogan on the old VHS tape I watched. It says: had good grades, a good girl and good friends ??? until they put it through Hazing. "Actually, the protagonist Gilbert Lewis is eventually accepted by a campus acclaimed through an athletic scholarship. It lasts more than half the movie before hearing even about his girlfriend at home and the only friend of Charles Martin Smith (still in the film), both of whom are approached to become members of prestigious French "Delts", but during their exams "in which the mountains dressed in their neatly dressed clothes White Barney falls on a cliff and breaks his foot When Lewis returns with the other brothers, Barney is already frozen to death, together they intend to keep their bodies frozen for five days and then claim to never return from a skiing trip on weekends. With Barney's body hidden in a freezer, Lewis has to cover him so Barney's absence does not seem suspicious. for Blem here is that execution could easily be much better. The tone is too stable and too serious for a comedy film, even a black one, but on the other hand there are no adequate attempts to create suspense or emotion. The soundtrack is cheerful and full of light-headed melodies, but that's hardly enough to make this movie a comedy. About an hour in the film, the plot has no fuss and no idea, and producers do not have a better alternative to fill the nakedness with the romantic compilations of Lewis and his outward-looking city lover who walks the landscape. I did not like the final breath, because it is quite improbable and because it was done many times before and after (though, of course, after). "The Hazing" is not a total waste of time, but still I'm glad we found an ex-rented box at a friend's house instead of having to spend money on the newly released DVD.
