To say Funky Forest: The first contact is a bad movie is an unbelievable underestimation. I can get into a good art movie, even a surreal and twisted tale like El Topo, Lunch Naked and Survive Style 5+, because these movies actually have something worth discussing when credits roll down. <br /> <br /> FFFC tries every road to be so deep and intellectual, essentially there is no substance in this movie. This movie is badly done, the pictures in this movie are not inspirational, the dialogue is worse, the musical numbers destroy this movie. I chuckle for BROTHERS by GUITAR, but that was immediately erased from something totally useless and irrelevant. She tried to be profound and meaningful, I think, but her foolish nonsense. Fresh film students, without a camera, might look something more exciting. The guitar brothers and stand-up routines in most sketches have 1 point each, all else is just a cumbersome, pseudo-creative attempt, hard to handle. being as good as the films of other REAL directors such as Sogo Ishii, David Lynch and Jodoworsky. Save me. I am convinced that the people who rebel over the FFFC do so because they have no idea what they saw, because it was nothing but light pertinent claims here and there mixed up with stupidity and mixed up until you were kicking your own shoes . This movie was an extreme disappointment, coming from the height that was Survive Style 5+, a movie that really has a meaning, combined with an excellent use of landscapes, cinema, mad dialogue, funny moments, good soundtrack, excellent performance, fantastic stimulation and flow. The FFFC has exactly the opposite in any direction, the boring landscapes (20 minutes of looking at a gentle beach at night, a completely white scene, white balls floating in white space, a nice school hall and then a .. school school, cinema, forgetful dialogue, nothing funny or humorous, except you just wasting your life for two hours, the soundtrack ?, amateur, unequal, disjointed shows, and often> There are those who I claim that this makes FFFC a wonderful movie, that it is so unconventional at every crossroads as its pure genius. This is simply a way of attracting your own ego, because "unpredictable" could be a good quality for a film, if not coupled with "boring", "enemy" and "terrible." Personally, I talked to two people who admitted that FFFC was terrible when they left the theater, but the overwhelming rave of the house elitist by art made to watch the movie again and then return to me with ... "Hey bu pretty well liked." I'm going to get my foot down, this movie is a slop, I do not care if Roger Ebert says this movie is the best thing he ever saw since he lost his virginity. "The Emperor's new cloak" says ... this movie never shows other psychedelic / trippy films coming from Japan over the past 10 years. The taste of tea, Party 7 and Kamikaze Girls are much better movies (even with a low budget) and no one can really compare to the 5+ survival style. Watch FFFC only if you are interested in making a scruffy pile of nothing on a frightening budget.
