Poor activity, no scenario, no plot, no convincing murderer, no suspense, no original settings, again using the same cabinets / under the tactic of the bed / person back in the mirror, making it repetitive and boring, and NOT in a manner and the fact that NOBODY is "really" killed (at least not on the screen), which in turn triggers any suspense she can invoke from herself and makes everyone feel more money on the ticket admission ... a horror film without any LMAO. The most you see is what seems like someone who took a bottle of ketchup and sprayed it on a plastic sheet. You have to be a teenager standing there screaming in the theater and scaring you that you enjoyed it, or you were big / drunk at that moment. Frankly, I have a life and I do not mind writing reviews that often only if they did not really hate me or I enjoyed it very much. > <br /> But this movie is AWFUL and I feel like I have a duty to warn you NOT to give you money to Hollywood and to encourage this kind of shooting ever! <br /> <br /> It's one thing to rent a "bad" movie at the Weinstein blockbuster, the other when you have to stay through it in a theater. Also, if you want something remake nostalgia, look! This is not a remake, nor is it a re-imagination. It's not scary, nor is it satisfactory enough to be "funny" like the others on IMDb who have argued ... it's just outdated and booooring. Here's what you get from this movie: the memory of the scar on Brittany Snow's head, which is more than the plot, that Jonathan Schaech MUST have a sexual adventure with JS Cardon's "The Forsaken" received another role as a criminal (because it's just as scary as my poodle and too cute to kill almost anyone) and that for some reason (spirits), anyone who returns to the hotel suite never gets back. What kind of person would NOT worry about the ball when they decide to announce the candidates for the king and queen of the ball, and a girl with some kind of competition does not appear? That's my warning to you. Do not miss that you're money like me. The "original" sucks too much, but it's more of a guilty pleasure for fans of Jamie Lee Curtis, although it's not nearly as bad as this piece of nonsense (I'm sorry it sounds vulgar or rude, but once you see that, understands why I say what I say).
