The solist has all the ingredients to impress the Academy. His director, Joe Wright, has already created a best image candidate. The main actor, Robert Downey Jr., starred in a praised superhero movie. Finally, the movie itself is a drama. When mysteriously released from release at the end of 2008, filmmakers and critics have been confused. Now that I've seen him, I assure you that Universal did not delay this movie to promote the Iron Man-Oscar pocket. The soloist is a poor drama without any external conflict, which is far inferior to any of the best candidate in 2009. Downey and co-star Jamie Fox should not be accused of this mistake. Joe Wright is largely blamed, but even he can not save a story about life. Many movies are too complex and alienate the viewers. This is unusually simple. It's a film about a newspaper reporter, Steve Lopez (Downey), who is friends with a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's it. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not resonate with Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. The two become friends. They start this film as they are known and are BFF at the end of it. The tension consists of such moments: Will let Ayers take Lopez to the homeless shelter? This material would have been more appropriate as a production made for television than a feature film. Wright includes many scenes of cheap humor to notice the lack of content. Lopez fights raccoons in the yard in what I consider a sub-plot. Do you remember when this happened in atonement or in pride and prejudice? These films have been structured enough to allow for an occasional joke, but nothing so prolonged. Ayers' back story is developed when it does not have to be. At worst, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. It's a way to admit that the main story does little appeal. Nathaniel was a wonderful rape with a tough education (I was myself). This is an attempt made to create sympathy with Ayers, when most of us already have it. He is a homeless schizophrenic to cry loudly! The film somewhat conveys humankind's love for music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. It's not as effective as any of these images. The whole film is about Ayers' schizophrenia. Eventually, he interacts with others. Being a musician is a nice touch, but it is hardly worth it. The film does not fully incorporate this feature into its persona. Get music from Amadeus or Beethoven live up and there's no more film left. The solist is more about friendship in general than about music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic and few lines of dialogue should be seriously altered. This is only Joe Wright's third film, and his first film is not a love affair that looks at Keira Knightley. Let's hope this film does not indicate how limited its abilities are. There are stylistic knots in his earlier works, but the soloist is much weaker than any of them. In his defense, Universal should not have accepted the large-scale release of this image. This film seems adapted for Imagine Entertainment (distributors of Changeling). I would not be so disappointed with having a limited release. Its poor box office performance can prevent dramatically distributing better national drama.
