Prom Night is shot with the artistic eye someone gives while making an original movie in life. You know the other. This month, Lifetime takes a break from the courageous story of a surviving woman (enter the name of the disease here) to tell the somewhat horrifying story of a woman watched by an ex-boyfriend of the stalker. Is it dramatic? is sappy? it's very boring. It does nothing to promote a genre, to tell an original story or to strive for NEVER. Prom Night shares this situation. Watching the killer's holes in the victims, we sit in silence as they collapse on the floor without dropping a drop of blood. I was surprised that he was the cleanest killer in the history of the film. Our director is working with a killer pretty good, so he's forced to pour the camera's angles to make it look more pungent. Think of Matthew McConaughey coming to you with a knife. You'd probably go? - Oh, he's gonna kill me, man, Naaaa. It's not scary for even a second, so the director throws Schaech in the shadows and over the mirror's shoulder. This mirror shot repeats itself to the point of illness, because it basically becomes a fetish of the creator. You will get 15 spooks in this movie, 2 of whom have made my date jump (I could say she is afraid of ALL). I would also mention that he decided to take a nap halfway and at some point threatened to leave me. As if this film is not quite disjointed, it seems to be cut into pieces. I'm not saying there seems to have been left key points in the cutting room floor, while the crew tried to save some appearances of a horror movie; I say that as the movie moves from stage to stage, you often have a jarring jump. This is the kind of thing you would expect when a movie captures the fire and a projector is forced to merge, end, pulls his fingers and hopes for the best. The editor should be shot. With a plot, you can wrap yourself in two sentences, a vague blood spray, an emo killer, and the tension of a very special "silver spoons" episode left on your left without any reason to support horror this weekend? at least on the big screen. In fact, this is a kind of film that should be punished. Is it so hard to make a frightening movie? Was this crew even aware that they were making a horror film? !! A total loss of my time and yours. I put the bullet to get this review. Do not let my sacrifice be in vain. Do not get into the movie!
