Too much of something borrowed by Super Bowl B grade Sunday is one of the slowest days at cinemas every year. For this reason, movie studios tend to avoid the release of larger movies over the weekend. Every couple of years, a studio launches a female counterprogramming (2001 "The Wedding Planner") to compete with the big game. This Super Bowl weekend, titled "Wedding Date", will try to find success and attract spectators who do not follow the game. <br /> <br /> The sick who feel bad for her, a single woman, Kat Ellis (Debra Messing, Will and Grace TV), engages the male escort Nick (Dermot Mulrony, "About Schmidt" friend for the wedding her sister in London, and her family had had difficulty marrying her, and her seven-year-old, who gave her no reason, was the best man to make him jealous, Kat makes Nick do it but she finally helps Nick to see that she can open up and let someone love her. The movie borrows too much from similar wedding films It's almost a carbon copy of "Picture Perfect" since 1999 and mixes in scenes similar to "The Wedding Planner" and "My Best Friends Wedding." The film also has a Pretty Women and, knowing the audience, the director makes intelligent references to this film and other films. " (Holland Taylor, "Legal Blonde") and basically talking about the wedding plagiarized by family and friends at the wedding and rehearsal dinner. Twisting at the end was done before, but it was something that was not completely awaited. The real reason Kat was thrown back comes as a surprise and changes the direction of the film in the last half hour. Even though "Wedding Date" is predictable, she is able to stay alone. Debra Messing, in her first leading role, proves she can be charming and funny. Dermot Mulrony has a great chemistry with Debra Messing, but most of his dialogue was too strange and unrealistic. He is able to do the best of what is given and to save the character. <br /> <br /> By using many intelligent (often sexual) words, the movie is actually amusing. Although, first of all, a chicken movie has components that everyone can enjoy. The story feels good, and humor makes it the best movie released in a long time.
