When putting this DVD into the player and hit the game, you will experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen as the laser is guided to the right starting point in the center of the disc. REQUEST THIS MOMENT. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PM so you can fall asleep) because you're going to have a massive headache once this movie starts. <br /> <br /> In the main roles a bunch of girls with big breasts and an opening that made me giggle a little, I thought I'd be for a good time. Sure, the opening sequence was a little bit tame and most of the jokes fell flat and it seemed like this was going to be a Ripoff in the hands (otherwise, my only giggle was from Julie's final comment Stretch in this scene). But then I knew there were problems ... the opening sequence had a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I looked at the titles of the DVDs and saw things that said "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" and "Better than sex!". I knew what would be the point of sale for this movie. And this is the sad truth: The only good thing about this movie is its attractive distribution. Besides, it is a routine film that lives with sadness, throwing an "innovative" concept of crime clubs, which ends up with the fake anyway. So all the movie then looks in a different direction to try to be confused and this huge mystery, but all just adds up to not being interesting at all and leaves you feeling like you do not care about any of the characters. That is, when the film's main character is revealed to have killed an innocent woman, can you really feel ANY sympathy for her when she is afraid of her life? The influence of Scream is spread all over the world, with a phantom chip killer and very terrible jokes. We are also treated with scenes of the main character talking to mom and dad (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other interesting part of the movie!) About an abortion or something like that. Uh. Yes ... This is not a "so-bad-well-and-fitting" movie, it's just bad. <br /> <br /> Someone compared this to a Troma movie, but ... you know, most of the movie that comes from Full Moon (or from his escape, as this movie turns out) is horrible. It's not horrible in the sense of Troma - I've seen many Troma movies and I can say honestly that everyone offers something, NEVER you can go and tell your friends later. However, this film has nothing to do with the movie. Take care.
