A murderer, wearing a white plastic and black mask, kills Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his position when someone broke his former leg-to-chest employer. Perhaps the psychopath is recently engaged, Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive, creepy beauty with a troubled family past, affected by nightmares. Shawn and his friends play a practical joke on Maddy in connection with a supposed Murariri Club, started where each member randomly selected a victim to kill. When Maddy accidentally kills a woman in a parking garage because of a tooth inserted in her car by this person, she discovers that Shawn's friends have overturned the chain. But Shawn and his comrades are concerned about Maddy's admittance in committing the crime and thinking about turning it into proper authorities. By deciding to wait for a final decision, each member becomes prey to the white-masked psycho with Maddy, suspect, given that he has already killed. Or is there someone else behind these crimes? Low-budget Slasher, executed by Charles Band, with gore crimes that fail to convince. A lot of boobs on the screen and Allen Nabors' character full of heads, Chris could have fun with those with low expectations. Killing includes a stomach that opens with intestines showing a cut neck, an electric cable thrown into a swimming pool that fries a victim woman who has all day to escape, an ax buried behind the male victim, and a couple is strangled by a rope during their sexual age (for the extra effect, the killer uses the squeeze bar as an additional lever to twist the rope as tightly as possible by gripping the neck). There are plenty of plot holes to drive a truck, like why Maddy has nightmares he has not committed, how could he kill someone so violently (... with blood all over), ending -waking herself to her bed at the scene of the crimes that would have easily involved her, and how Shawn could last so long, allowing her to continue working on the company, despite what she was saying about the crime committed and about the continued desire to join the supposed club, There is no longer. What bothers me most was the desire of the film to feel somehow sympathetic to this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone, later proclaiming him as an accident. The film builds Maddy as a psychic potential throughout her due to her past. Her family rejected her for an abortion. She has delays and returns appropriately to crime scenes after the fact. In a lot of slasher, the most likely killer is often the red herring, but this movie goes out of his way to show his finger at Maddy. When the twist happens, we stay rooted for Maddy, but we know he's not right in the head. It's a tough hunt for this chick. Looks good in a man's shirt, though. And, Rochon is not afraid to let the kids breathe. Horror fans will take a shot to see the favorite cult of Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatic mother who preaches against what Maddy has called him a killer as the beloved producer Troma Lloyd Kaufman is an aloof father who can not reach wise to protect the daughter she really cares about. The siren of the cult, Julie Strain, has a minor chick, showing her tits (of course) as the girlfriend of the man who murdered the killer with her head crushed by a hammer. Oh, and check the office for which Shawn works, you'll see a lot of Full Moon posters and artwork spread out on the walls.
