Becoming Hamilton is probably better known as the new name in the legendary Full Moon entertainment. Unfortunately, his arrival in this independent studio took place at a time when budget and production values ​​are at the lowest level in recent years. However, in his short career, Hamilton has established himself as a creative director who manages to make inventive and original stories. Now, that does not mean that his movies are good, but at least they are different from the usual ones in the horror genre. In his debut, "Bleed," Hamilton presents a creative sub-genre of slasher. Maddy (Debbie Rochon) is a young woman who finally gets the job of her dreams. Not only that, but it seems she has also found a friend in Shaun (Danny Wolske), it seems that life eventually smiles for Maddy after many sad events. Up to a party with Shaun's friends, they tell him they have created a "club" where members have to kill someone. Obviously, they are joking, but Maddy desperately wants to fit, that she kills somebody. After this event, someone starts killing the other members of the "club" one by one. Maddy is a very interesting character, played awesome by beautiful Debbie Rochon. It is a very interesting intuition of the genre to have the lead actress as part of the suspects. The concept is so original and Rochon's performance is so good that it's a real shame that Hamilton has not developed the whole story a bit better. The movie feels rather slow at times and, in general, the feeling is that of a good idea lost on a bad movie. The rest of the cast is odd in the sense that all female distribution is very good, while male distribution is painful. Danny Wolske is great wood and his performance as a yuppie is quite stereotypical. Julie Strain, Brinke Stevens and Lloyd Kaufman appear in small homes and are great in their small roles. There is also a lot of nudity (both for men and women) and the distribution is very good, so it's really a plus. The low budget suffers the movie in the effects department, there are very few heavy scenes and are not really graphic (probably because it would look bad); however, considering the budget, the film seems at least good. <br /> <br /> Hamilton's latest effort, the sex-delta venture "Delta Delta Die!", is a fun and funny movie. While it's not as bad as other more popular films, it still has many flaws and can only be interesting for Debbie Rochon fans or for independent budget fans. 4/10
