(1994) <br /> <br /> Cinema Cut: R <br /> <br /> Cut Cut: NC-17 <br /> <br /> It's an unusual picture of Oliver Stone, but when I read that he was on drugs during filming, I did not need any further explanation. "Natural Born Killers" is a risky, crazy shooting, everything in the air, which we do not receive very often; strange, psychotic, artistic images. "Natural Born Killers" is basically the story about how two mass criminals have been popularized and glorified by the media; there is an extraordinary scene in which an interviewer casts doubt on some teenagers about Mickey and Mallory, and the teenager says, "The murder is wrong ... but if I were a mass murderer I would be Mickey and Mallory." Mickey describes this with a situation of "Frankenstein (the monster) and Dr. Frankenstein" - Dr. Frankenstein is the media that turned them into these monstrous killers. Most of Oliver Stone's films examine America's flaws, the country the director loves and admire. I think that "Natural Born Killers" refers to the effect of the media, technology, and as obsessive as a nation, Americans (and most of the world) are over things like mass murders and bizarre situations. The criminals played by Woody Harrelson (Mickey) and Juliette Lewis (Mallory) are amazingly executed by two excellent actors who enter the life of two brutal interesting killers. Mickey and Mallory think that some people are worthy of killing, maybe in the cruel theory of social Darwinism (survival of the right one) - Mickey says in his jail interview that other species commit a crime, we as humans ravage other species and exploit environment; the scenario is interesting, but it is questionable how much this film is doing in the sense of making us think more about society and human behavior than about the intensity of a 2-hour blood bath I've seen. > The last hour of the movie takes place in a maximum security jail; we see the harsh realities of prison life; director's attitudes, etc., overloading prisons - maybe Stone asks for the future, the way society drives it. Two other interesting characters; First of all, a reporter who runs a show about "Maniacs of America," and is obsessed with rising ratings, that he's going to capture the story of Mickey and Mallory anytime. The other is Police Officer Scagnetti, a crazy, perhaps sadic officer who is in love with Mallory - he has a strange obsession with mass murderers because his mother was killed during the Waco, Texas by Charles Whitman massacre. <br /> <br /> The cinema is superb; different colors, shadows, styles create a sense of disorientation; the most obvious green color of all is green to resemble killer disease (in pharmacy when looking for a rattlesnake antidote). Working with the room is crazy; strange, buzzy, it takes some determination to use and accept it. Very unorthodox, psychedelic and unusual. "Natural Born Killers" does not glamorize the existence of mad killers, it also questions the way we and the public can feed this attribute ... Although the above review sounds pretty positive, I liked the movie. Quentin Tarantino, who originally wrote the film script, was not happy with the modified scenario and demanded the removal of his name. I see why. While sometimes interesting, Natural Born Killers is a misery of an image
