So back when Herbie made his first appearance, I was very happy to see Dean Jones. I just wanted to have fun for a few hours and eat popcorn popcorn. Now, unfortunately, I have expectations of a riveting / delightful story whenever I watch a movie if I do not have a kind of medication. And this is another good film for medication. There are no major laughter, no complicated plotting lines, no difficult twists. Herbie Fully Loaded is great for full load. This was the first time I saw La Lohan on the screen because he changed places with Jamie Lee Curtis (I thought he was excellent in that) and I can not say I was really impressed this time. In addition to her permanent color of hair change and distraction, she did not really sound like the baby next door who spent all her life hanging around the roadside travelers. "Needed Speed" was not constantly portrayed in the movie - perhaps elsewhere - she looked older than she and seemed to always look for something (a place to party - a new place to spend money?) To established. I could not see chemistry with Justin Long; that love seemed obligatory in the best case. The only time Lindsay appeared engaged was when interacting with Matt Dillon, who I thought was right over the top as Murphy Bad Evil Bad Guy. It was great to see Herbie again and I liked the intro movie with old movie material. If Disney had come out with some jewelry from Car 53, it could have been somebody just to be loyal. Its new feature (?) Was a little inconsistent (does not channel the thoughts of his driver? Does he have skateboard now?), But whatever. We all knew how it would end, but I would have liked to have been with someone a little worse than Maggie. And my head still hurts from this lesson Maggie and I watched the viewers at home. <br /> <br /> What would have made the movie worthwhile? Leave Herbie in a real story, with a real plot - at least, Herbie is as good as Lassie - but she clearly asks too much. Why is Disney always returning as well as "Herbie Goes Bananas" and "Computer Wearing Tennis Shoes" when it comes to innovation? <br /> <br /> I'm sure this was a wonderful movie for children and those without expectations. For the rest of us .... is for when you have the "flu and just can not take the suspense back window.
