One of the most common entries in the "goofs" category is anachronism. Although I begin to think that anachronism and other bullets are much more acceptable, even ignored, in very good movies, but they are in the forefront of the rotten films. KISS THEM FOR ME is a rotten film and an odor of anachronism, but when we follow him closely, we find almost nothing anachronistically specific. The photos of the planes that shoot the film are definitely lacking. The large 4-stroke transport seen under the title "Honolulu 1944" appears to be the post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). The battle planes seen from the carrier at the end are Douglas Skyraiders who entered service after the Second World War and were made famous by their service in Vietnam. Except for these two pieces of film and of course hairstyles, everything else is very possible the authentic period. She feels so wrong. I'm an admirer of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. Under his direction, in the 1949 kingdom, there is a car follow-up at the end of the year with the 1949/50 police, Ford, but there is no sense that this is not a movie from the time of the World War II. Actually, as we later reflected, there is nothing to say that this film should be a film from the Second World War. I just feel that way. Based on a Fancy Free Bachelor's Broadway musical based on the work of Paul Cadmus (The Flote's In! 1934), it's a great movie about sailors on a 24-hour pass in New York, and so hard of war associates, assumed only that it took place during the war, and yet these contemporary machines do nothing to break the spell. The first problem is the old Cary Grant. Although he is too old to represent a SBD Navy bomber pilot, it's a Hollywood tradition because Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) play younger. This was the role he is mistaken, not his age. He plays an operator, as they say. A guy who does things and breaks all the rules while doing it, remains admired and loved for him. A wizard. A motorcycle dealer. A rigueur guy in a comedy. Grant is the comic book center of what is supposed to be a comedy service that is in contradiction with his comedy style. Think of the great Grant comic shows such as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND LADY OLD (1944) and he is a great reactor whose comedy will be reduced by his context of dignity to a swamp of inert jelly. IN KISS she is expected to be the comic spark that is not him. People have already been exposed to this guy, most recently to comedian Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on TV. The role would be improved later by James Garner, but here Grant is not funny and seems to be a bully who is making his way aggressively pushing Cary Grantness rather than cajoling and finessing. But what really is the skin with anachronism is lead women. There can be no more 50-year-olds than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique for the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be placed in a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and with any number of silly blondes, and Grace Kelly was another classical woman (think of Mary Astor) but there was never a woman anatomically exaggerated in films like Mansfield. Sure they were "sweater girls" (for example, Lana Turner) from WW2, but Mansfield stretches. Suzy Parker was the model that revolutionized the business model that changed the manikin as if it were the first natural girl to move and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) by Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> Of course, in the 50-year-old style, there seems to be a lot of sex mingling at "wild" parties, but not even a hint of sex (think about 50 TV shows years of Bachelor Father or The Bob Cummings Show where men returned from "data" alone). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared as a play on Broadway at the end of the war, and the nuances of the situation must have been inevitable for contemporary readers and audiences, but broken down and reconstituted a dozen years later, and a deadly mortal, remains a forgotten spot on an otherwise exemplary career until the invention of the video and cable television has revived this stoned turkey. So the lesson here is any "will be ignored in a wonderful movie, such as CITIZEN KANE (who actually listens to Charles Foster Kane saying" Rosebud "?), And tolerated in fun as WESTWORLD robots receive live ammunition, despised in a rotten film, even though the hideouts are really nonexistent.
