In the questionable comedic veins of Mel Brooks, "All in all, Moses!" tries to take the Bible story of Moses and have fun with it, resulting in the most unpleasant Biblical doll ever filmed. There is no real plot here, just apologize to crawl into the comedy talent unhindered in the roles subscribed. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus trip to the Holy Land when they get stuck in an ancient scroll in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also interpreted by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is the parallel of Moses. He was sent down the river to be found by the pharaoh's family at the same time as Moses. Herschel's father, late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel is saved from idols and works as a sculptor. Eventually, Herschel comes to work for the pharaoh as an astronomer, is banished and ends up supporting the sheep flock of Moses. Herschel and Moses are brothers in law, marrying sisters, and Herschel believes God has chosen to free his people from Egypt. Of course, Moses received the Divine Word, but Herschel misunderstood. I'll take a break here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... anyway, the rest of the movie is a series of badly written scenes that involve Moore and actors who make "special appearances." These scenes do not propel the plot before, they bring what little story it has to a grinding stop. Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise may have three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel, giving just the same readings he gave in The Chase Paper. David L. Lander is a fake blind man "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I was not sure Madeline Kahn was supposed to be, she was taking a walk to Herschel and got about a minute and a half of screen time. John Ritter plays a very unpleasant devil. Richard Pryor has a scene like a pharaoh, but he was obviously shot at a different time from Moore's scene because the two do not appear on the screen together! Finally, Zerelda turns into a pillar of salt after looking back at the destruction of the new Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and gives them to Moses, who walks in all the glory. In the final scenes, the screenwriter decides to try to save this superficial film by the fact that Herschel mocks God in an argument. God bursts like a powerful villain who was leading Herschel for his fun, talking through him just to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda quip "God works in mysterious ways," excusing the very non-Christian behavior of everyone during the film. This movie is not funny. There is no laughter to be found anywhere. At least, Monty Python has enjoyed many religious pillars set in Brian's Life, besides discussing Jesus' life, but here the humor is made up of poo poo jokes and characters that continue to bang his head. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. The Church will be offended not by the attitude of the film to religion, but by the gentleness of the film, impressed by their own hoitytoityness (I know, not a word) on a subject that obviously does not know anything about. "Totally Moses!" is very bad, and an embarassment for all involved. We suggest reading the book instead. It is rated (PG) for some physical violence, profanity, sexual references and adult situations.
