What a complete piece of garbage. Despite the fact that when the action of a movie revolves around planes, do you think writers / producers / director (or anyone!) Would do a little bit of a theme for at least a few details. The mistakes were so brilliant that I was smoking until the end of the movie. Here are some: I'm glad I lost the SR-71 sequence - surely it would have been worse than the F-117 "Air Force One" show. Commercial airlines usually have their own painted logos on the plane, rather than BOEING 747 ?? perhaps, the (cheap) use of Boeing's advertising / advertising films by the director. Existing wiring connected by wire nuts is mediocre at best for home cabling, aircraft avionics with several million dollars. Airplanes, such as 747, are based only on pressure rather than the supply oxygen of the ship to maintain breathable air, and if relying on a feed on board, the container would be much larger than the size of the fist . The medical tape is not a suitable substitute for a threaded hose connection. These were F-16, NO F-15. Mach 1+ (noise speed) would be difficult to achieve on a static take-off engine (follow the air velocity indicator). "Standard training" is simply maintaining training within a nautical mile, training the "route" is what flies - not the most useful training for an interceptor. "Getting a missile lock system" is unlikely to get the airline pilot's attention - they do not have radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" is not an inter-flight communication for preparing to shoot something. Depression from a door that opens during the flight is not a base for an immediate left rock. Browsing with a headset does not make it broadcast. Magnetic grooves are given as "rubrics", not "bearings," and positions are between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are just like compasses on the ground!), So the left (not "port") of at a "camp" of 618 to 502 is just bad. In most cases, is it only possible to "twist the yoke until the correct position is reached"? this type of work will roll 360 degrees until the yoke is centered again. The probability that a flight attendant immediately finds and hires the automatic pilot is just a little higher than the probability that she will really land the jet safely. Airplanes do not stop immediately after pulling the throttle, and 747 have more than one small lever to control multimotric traction. The flaps are downhill, usually just before and immediately after the landing train extension, not seconds before landing (good way to collapse). Wheel brakes are necessary to stop an airplane, simply pulling the acceleration (this time a different lever in the film) in the naked, will only allow you to get out of the end of the track at a lower speed. Did I mention that those fighters were F-16 and NO F-15? I think I did it? And that's just what I remembered from the last viewing of this dreadful movie.
