French director Jean Rollin is not exactly known for great movies, and this disaster is one of the reasons. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. For a director well-known for directing erotic films about lesbian vampires; you would expect a movie with the word "nude" in the title to be a very simple one; but, in fact, there is not much nudity here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothing; we have a tough plot about a man who wants to unlock the secret of immortality, a young woman whose trouble can have the key and a suicide cult that do not do much. The movie starts promising with a sequence that sees a young girl taken by a mysterious group of people in the masks under the eyes of a young French man who also happens to be the son of a man of importance. Through his investigation, he soon finds out that this woman is not just a normal lady, and that she goes deeper into worship; he discovers that he can not be killed by bullets, he drinks blood and can not go out in the light of the day ... sounds like a clear case of cutting vampirism for me. Jean Rollin keeps the fantasy atmosphere going through the film, but it's not interesting because the plot is so severely executed. It is possible to keep pace with what is happening, but only because there are so many other movies that follow parks similar to it. The director seems to know that he also gave birth to the plot, because the climax is essentially an excuse to explain the movie to the audience. There is also a twist at the end, too; but the movie would have been better without her. I think this was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a bit more original, but it comes as Hamlin's attempt to do that rather than a logical sequel to the story. The cinema is quite clean, with a lot of plot that takes place in appropriate Gothic locations. Girls on board complete what is a nice picture and what Rollin's film lacking in logic and consistency, behaves somewhat in style. In defending the film, it was made in 1969; which somewhat explains the lack of shocks, but I can not recommend this movie because it does not have too many things worth considering.
