This review may contain SPOILERE. Only when you thought they did not do so bad comes Rae Dawn Chong as a space vixen and Willie Nelson as a native American wizard! It is even worse when the factor is that these two are the best aspects of "Starlight," a movie that should be looked at just for laughing. Chong is a stranger sent to Earth to look for the only remaining half a race, a part and a stranger. It seems the Earth is in trouble. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades the world will be turned into a polluted wilderness. Only by duplicating half-breed DNA, the alien race can save the planet. Do not ask me how it is, since the movie gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution caused by people. You would think that Earth could only be saved by eliminating polluted creatures, not by saving them! However, half of the race turns out to be Billy Wirth, a man living in a small southwestern city and part of Native America from his mother's line, despite his mother being a red-headed Caucasian, and his grandfather his is Willie Nelson. Was not this kind of malarkey that made bomb bombing Carmen Electra "The Selected" such a hoer? Chong arrives in her ship just as Wirth almost drowns after driving the motorcycle into a lake, in a state of uncertainty being the result of breaking up with his girlfriend. Before we can say the word "hogwash," Chong reveals his secret to Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment, and spreading the word to Wirth's family. Chong also makes friends with Wirth's mother, who seems to have lost some of her marble over the years. Well, because Wirth's father was a stranger who abandoned her. Of course, he is a standard alien, who has conveniently chosen this moment to come to Earth for Wirth so that he can use Wirth's DNA to make his people slaves. (Huh?) His ridiculous attempts to use his telepathic powers and capture Wirth suck most of the time on the screen and are the worst scenes in the movie. Not only are they boring, but also scenes where you will notice most of them. Ideas might be beautiful on paper, but they are treated here with the greatest stupidity, especially in the aforementioned scenes with the dishonest alien. But the effects are the crunch of the film. The opening scene involves Chong on his space ship, communicating with her superior, whom we do not see, but which Chong communicates through a puddle that emits pink light. I do not use spoken words, but telepathy, so we're treated to subtitles. The problem is that both Chong and its upper subtitles were the same, and the director does not give you any clue as to which of the two actually talks at one point, which makes the whole conversation not strange. The space ship is the worst effect of going out of Hollywood on this part of an Ed Wood movie. Now, I'm usually indulgent to the effects when dealing with a small budget movie like this, but these effects really have come to me. The most offensive was the simplest: a fake night sky. The stars in the sky are so fake that it almost rings a ringtone. Especially the moments when Chong tells someone comes from Pleiades and we get a chance of the seven stars. The thing is that the seven stars occupy about half the night sky in the movie, but any stargazer knows that Pleiade is a group of stars between the Perseus and Taurus constellations, and the cluster does not occupy much space in the sky. These effects become so bad that your jaw will hang down and down with each passing moment. Be careful, because it will go right through the floor in the final, when the effects Willie Nelson will turn into a light of human reflectors and. . . Oh, it must be seen to be believed! Starlight, shining star; The last star I see tonight; I would like to be, I wish I could; you do not have to track this garbage anymore today. Zantara's score: 1 out of 10.
