Please note: I see from different posts that there is an original silent version as well as a sound version of the same movie. I saw the sound version and it was aesthetic yicky. Since some indicate that the original version was longer and without dubbing crappy, my review needs to be read with that in mind. Although I know that Rene Clair has a wonderful reputation as a film producer and Louise Brooks a bit of cult also following this is in many ways a poorly accomplished film. While Hollywood has already gone pretty much into the sound mode around 1929, by the beginning of the early 1930s, many famous French films were mostly silent films - with some dialogue and poor sounds pounding over movie. The movements of the lips in many, and especially in this film, are not even approaching the matching of what is said, and this would explain why an American like Ms. Brooks could make a French film. This is just negligent and I'd rather have a silent movie - and like a silent film this would have been an average movie - with excellent camera work (sometimes) and a decent, silent style. br /> <br /> The problem I found with the movie was the plot too simplistic. For a silent piece of morality around 1920, it would have been good, but by 1930 the standard is a bit strange (meaning "old" - not "slutty"). A lady wins a beauty contest and her fiancé macho can not handle it. She gives her everything, temporarily, but is lured back into fantastic life, and that's what ends up in her end! A melodramatic, right? And also a bit simplistic and underdeveloped. Finally, the character of the fiancé's friend (?), I found very disturbing and unreal. He looks like Harold Lloyd and spent much of the film being abused and taken by his friend and the others. As he just took it along the film and no resolution took place, his character seemed useless and the treatment he received was scary. Was the public laughing when it was abused? This seems to me to be what I mean and I do not like it at all. There are better French movies of the era (Le Million, La Femme du Boulanger, Fanny, Regain and others)) as well as quieter films. I simply can not understand a high rating of this movie.
