This film begins with a promising early stage where Frank Morgan advises Gary Cooper's marriage to his daughter, Anita Louise. Frank Morgan, playing in a gaudy excavator, is crying out loud to Cooper about his perceived shortage of family, including his daughter, Anita Louise. I'm a fan of all three actors. Frank Morgan is (in my mind) a treasure in Hollywood, Cooper is a legend, and Louise is a very beautiful, versatile and understated actress rarely seen in the lead role. I also have nothing against Teresa Wright, and although she is not blessed by a wide range, she usually offers warmth performance. From a promising opening, the story goes down to the end. I did not find anything humorous about the burning of Cooper's house. The butler in such a fastidious and non-smoking household would never get out of peace, allowing Cooper to continue his smoking, or alternatively, he certainly gave him a way to throw his cigarette. Moreover, nobody with common sense would allow themselves to remain with a lit cigarette without asking for any means of eliminating it. And finally, nobody in his right mind crushes a cigarette in a handkerchief and fights it in his pocket! This sequence just made Cooper look stupid and gay. It is a bad idea - sick conceived and filmed in a way that induces ridicule not laughter. <br /> <br /> Cooper's forced medical examination is just as controversial. No one is allowed to undergo a complete medical examination without being advised of its purpose or to give its consent! The Cooper has done this too far from reality to be funny - it's absurd! Baby theft in hospitals is a serious legal crime, and that's nothing to laugh at. Finally, Cooper's too careful and careful attention to the feeding and weight of his baby might have struck a nerve with some people who had anxiety over their newborns. But for me they seem boring and slow. The wardrobe wardrobe and the propulsion departments were overhead in those scenes, while paradoxically, the screenwriter went to bed. Lines are not just in script to generate humor. I just miss all the cylinders. Laughter does not come at a mile-minute, but more than one-minute light. The only time the movie has energy or humor is when Frank Morgan is on the camera. The scene that is completely wasted is when both the interests of Love Cooper and their parents are co-opted in the same hotel room together. There is probably a rich shade of humor somewhere in that mine, but none of them was extracted. Finally, one of the two very pleasant girls will be hurt. Predictably, she is the character of Anita Louise, who becomes agitated on her wedding night! While not on the camera, this is her fate, and it is not particularly fun - even as a free end. She did not do anything in this movie to make me foolish (unlike Gail Patrick, let's say, in my favorite wife). Consequently, I was expecting (perhaps "hope" is a better word in the context of the movie!) For Anita Louise to enjoy a happy ending. The fact that such a beautiful character is essentially deleted at the end of the film really undermines the effect of the "happy ending" for Cooper and Wright. I've always waited for something to happen, for the so-so-characteristic spiritual dialogue of the movies of the time ... And it has never been delivered. Frank Morgan's good performance in a slightly different role is totally scattered here.
