I realize that bringing a novel on the big screen is always problematic. This is the only positive thing I can say about this really horrible adaptation. Have you read "Wise blood"? It's an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about the south like no one else. She was South, a devout Catholic and a remarkably talented writer. In her first novel, she embraced a dark and profoundly disturbing story of faith, doubt and redemption, with a sense of humorous humor and an impotent surprise. The characters in the book may seem scandalous to those who have not lived in the southern countryside, but I can assure you that such people exist. Not only do they exist, they are human beings with families, feelings and concerns like everyone else. Flannery's plans were so often misunderstood - he did not enlighten these zealots from behind - he saw in them the beauty of the action he would call "grace" even in the most violent, painful, and lesser circumstances . To read "Wise blood" must be washed with a sense of fear and an imminent situation. Finally, we must think a lot and much about our judgments and preconceptions - our entire vision of the world. None of these things happen in the adaptation of John Huston, "Gilligan's Island". No one. It's a hoax. A bad farce. The whole film is saturated with a hauteur that turns the stomach. The action is weak, the southern accents are false and insulting. Film producers do not give any insight into the thinking of the religious south. Ms O'Connor's intense prose is reduced to visual gangs and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a blend of harassing hayseed and electronic "cheesework" type cheeseball that does not match the story or even the movie. I was given free access to this movie and I almost came out. Indeed, really terrible. Besides, I do not agree with Ms. O'Connor's religious views, and while I was growing up in the South Deep, a few years ago I made my way north and did not look back. But the south is a wonderful place full of fascinated individuals (like any other place on the earth) and the mocking of cartoons with which the southerners and their attitudes are divided into this film is heading for offensive. If you are not able to be offended (what are not), then this movie goes the most definite. I do not like to talk about an artist's nonsense - John Huston was a man I did not know and I'm sure he was a sincere and talented director who testifies to his respected place in the history of the film. My views are clearly inclined by reading (and I loved) Flannery O'Connor's work. So I do not claim to come from another perspective. Perhaps a stand-alone movie works for moviegoers. But for fans of Flannery O'Connor - and, I could add, to those who respected it and to those who have respected it all - this movie is a waste of time.
