There is a bit of spoiler below that could ruin the surprise of the unexpected and truly amusing scene ONE in this movie. There is also information about the first movie in this series. I caught this movie on DVD, which someone gave me to my roommate. It came as a set with the first Blind Dead movie. This movie was certainly worse than the first one, "La Noche del Terror Ciego". In addition, many of the features of the first movie have changed significantly. To boot, the movie was called in English (the first was subtitled), which I tend to find disturbing. The concept behind the series is that in the distant past a local branch of the Knights Templar was involved in stupid and secret rituals. At discovery of these crimes, the local peasant put the Templars to death in such a way that their eyes can no longer be used, preventing them from returning from hell to exacerbate their revenge. Then we sarem in the modern times where, due to an event, the Templars rise from the dead to revenge exactly the villagers, whose ancestors first beat them. Of course, since the Knappish knights have no eyes, they can find their victims only when they make a kind of noise. The Templars were a secret order, starting in the 12th century, coming out of the crusades. They were around 150 years before they were suppressed in the early 1300s by the Pope and others. Because they were secret, there have always been rumors about their ceremonies, especially for initiation. Also, because of the way in which society was organized, you did not necessarily have church officials who oversaw things, which means they did not have a man inside when things get warmer. And, because of the nature of their processes, they were tortured in confessions. The order was the most powerful in France, but it existed in Portugal and Spain where the movies take place. If the first film had a virgin sacrifice and knights who drank blood directly from the virgin body (here, of course, this is a horror film), and then, once the knights return to life, they attack their victims by eating them in life and sucking their blood; In this sequel, everything disappears. You still have the same scene (redone, not the same recording) sacrificing the virgin, but they give the blood in a bowl and drink it from it. So when they return, they just hack people with their swords or claws of people to death, what I have to say is a much less effective means of disrupting your audience. There is also a time problem: in the first film, dating is much closer to the Templars, where here it is now said that there are 500 peasants' anniversaries that burn these boys at stake, which they would have given around 1473. And the road that the Templars lose their eyes is even less interesting. First, they took them out of the hooks. Now they are simply burned and ridiculously ridiculous. Oh, yeah, and maybe I was just me, but it seemed like a lot of people in the first film reappearing in this movie (despite being dead). It's not a problem, since the movie is completely different and not a continuation in the sense of a continuation, but strange, not less. The most important part of this film is the rich man who uses a child to distract the strigoes while making a pause for the jeep. The child's father has already been angry with this rich man trying to get a jeep, so he goes outside and tells her to find her dad. It comes to some extent from blue and is easily the funniest scene in the movie. Of course, why the baby does not die at this moment is beyond me and disappointed by horror fans. I could not recommend this movie to anyone. It's not so bad that it becomes funny, so it just ends up with a mediocre horror movie. Most of the film has more people hiding in a church, each of them making various attempts to go alone to escape the dead dead who have surrounded it. When the movie ends, you do not surprise the outcome at all; in fact, quite disappointed. If you are in the novelty of seeing a horror movie in Spain, visit the first film that has at least some innovative ideas and not so much anticipated.
