The film is inspired in religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion by commenting on it. In my opinion, this film claims to explore deep issues but develops stereotypes and prejudices; with little real understanding. What the people in the film (and therefore the writer) did not manage to see was grace. They did not understand that God is the author of beauty and that it is the Creator of passion and sexual satisfaction in its own context of marriage ties. Suppose the people of the society on which the story is based believe that nudity is sinful and both the man and the woman who enjoy the act of marriage are dirty is just a simplification. Such stereotypes do not exist, because even the holy Jewish writings speak clearly about the caretaker who will seek his wife's pleasure before him. Scripture says a man should love his wife as his own flesh and that no one has ever hated his flesh, but nourishes and cherishes it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, writers and characters completely ignore the fact that there are passages such as the Old Testament Song of Solomon, and even the book of Proverbs that says, "Rejoice in the wife of your youth, let her breasts always satisfy you"! How can it be read in any other way than God knows, approves and smiles the marital union and joy? Real people do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who refuse a basic doctrine of the Judeo-Christian religion. God NEVER told these things. It's absurd. Sonia rebelled because of the misapplication of the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It was not supposed to be so. How sad. What Sonia desperately needed was Truth, not tradition. In knowledge, love and obedience to God, we love others more; before ourselves. This is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph; once and for all delivered to the saints; bought and paid by Jesus Christ, the Law. But well, ignore all of this and abandon the old Holiness Scripture and return to the wisdom of homeless ghosts and ghosts. This is a good plan. I would not recommend this movie; partly because sexual content is useless graphically, but also because it really does not offer a valuable perspective. Check "Yentl" if you want to see a much more useful treatment of Jewish tradition in contradiction with society.
