In his first script, based on his own "Turn About" story, William Faulkner offers a bizarre story about loyalty, sacrifice and strange relationships. The original story related only to the Tone, Young and Cooper characters, but MGM needed to put Joan Crawford in another picture to fulfill his contract, and Faulkner forced him to create a female role. Crawford insisted that his lines be written in the same style as the co-star "Young and Tone," which leads to a great unintentional thunder, as these three communicate in a telegraph-like script that resembles a Monty Python outline ("Wuthering Heights" in the traffic light). Seriously, the sentences almost unanswered make Ernest Hemingway read like Henry James. The film also reflects Faulkner's familiar themes, with an almost unnatural relationship between brother and sister (as can be found in the Sanctuary and elsewhere). When Young suggests Crawford, in the presence of Tone, instead of an engagement ring, everyone else changes their childhood engraved rings to each other. The proximity between Tone and Young is also visible, especially as they go to their Thelma & Louise fate. Honestly, it's creepy. But it's not so creepy for this New Yorker, as a recurring theme of the massive beetle, Wellington, which Crawford loves (and which shows gamboling over his hands - I had to come back!) And the Young turns into a " a gladiator. Blech. <br /> <br /> That being said, there are some beautiful shows. The young man is particularly involved in a scene he took on Cooper's warplane, and Roscoe Karns is delightful as Cooper's friend. Tone, despite his inability to express himself in a realistic dialogue, has a wonderful moment, destroying his own angry tears over the destiny of his young friend Young. Crawford, stripped of meaningful dialogue, is most often found to be either wood or melodramatic, which is an act of balance for a role. Battle scenes - not surprising, for a Howard Hawks movie - are the most interesting part of the whole picture. But not enough. As far as I'm concerned, that's 75 minutes of my life. I will never come back.
