I'm so frightened of this documentary. I am deeply embarrassed and ashamed of the portraits of the Puppets. This documentary did not refer to the Puertoricans culture. It was Nuyoricans culture. Pueroricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized for the Puerto Rican population. Red, before you make a documentary, you have to do the research. You also need to check and make sure your sources are credible. Puerto Ricans are not all loud and have class, which is something the documentary did not show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie in View and Rosie Martha Stewart, I was really excited to look. I even realized that my parents know since I love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes, I could not believe the documentary crushed the United States and made Puerto Ricans look like a bunch of guinea pigs. You must go and visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a third-country country where more than 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has well known colleges and universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, malls (the biggest Kmart and JCPenney's that I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (casinos, agriculture, Auto Express and restaurants only to name a few.Poverty is not about 50% of the population.The Puerto Rican culture is about family, music, food, celebrating and trying not to go back.Oh, and our cousins ​​do not just appear from the place where. is not a Puerto Rican thing, this is a ghetto thing We are not a villain The parents of the Puerto Rican descendant who would like to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a trip with their family to see the first part what they are about Puerto Rico They will see their beauty, people and culture Please do not show this documentary because they will only do their minds with negativity Oh. ask our American friends to watch this documentary because it will only make the Puertorian people look ignorant. Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN on the island. Just so you know!
