You have to respect this movie. It may be "a bad movie for a child," but it is the most commonly requested movie title in online cinemas, requested by people who remember the story but can not remember the title. Therefore, what follows is a detailed, very detailed and detailed description because I have not been able to find such a description elsewhere on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical 2-storey house is set in the suburbs. Bridget, aged 7, tells of the suspicion that something has happened since she and her 11-year-old brother, Andrew, receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's present is a stuffed penguin he immediately calls Sweet William. Bridget describes his relatives: Aunt Ruth, a bossy nurse who takes care of her grandmother, Grams the grandmother who shelters him and who makes dolls in her socks, and her brother, Andrew, who is in electronics and it's terrible. The grammes accidentally fall on the lieutenant governor, which indicates that they are in the way of life with their family. The two kids eat breakfast while adults talk about moving grams to a retirement home. Bridget makes a terrible look of pancake sandwich, containing cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, as Andrew looks confidently. The two children discuss grams, and Andrew says the Grams is "laid out on the pasture." Bridget speaks to Grams in the attic, has a playwright with Sweet William in her bedroom, then a live doll surprisingly surprises her from the mirror in her bedroom. Bridget and the live doll know each other. The doll with clean hair is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap in Andrew's room. Huggins is hiding under some laundry when Bridget's mother comes in, and then Mom puts the laundry in Huggins's washing machine inside her. Bridget saves Huggins and dries her with a hair dryer. They discuss the problem with the old Grams and have to move away, Huggins says that Bridget could talk about the Huggaland worms about him because he knows everything. They go through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes gets in the mirror. Rather than ride a shoe, Bridget goes without shoes in Huggaland. I immediately meet Hugsy, a living little doll in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy the baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the dolls sing a song while on the bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins into his hugwagon to see the worms that live on a bunch of huge books. The worm culture consults the "old encyclopedia" and notes that advanced age can be cured by eating the "consuming tree" fruit. However, there is only one such tree and it is in the land of wandering, led by the queen queen queer. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to jump into a deep hole inside a huge book nearby. Bridget and the two dolls swallowed three times, jumped into the hole and cut off. Soon they go to a sidewalk, hear the sea breaking glass and fall off the sidewalk when the lateral gravity ends. They face the "hairy monster" that looks like a mastodon, has four corners and breathes on the trunk. But Hugsy looks bold and embraces the monster, which becomes an elephant for children, whose name is Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was a queen's spell and owes Hugsy a favor, so everyone is heading for Hodgepodge's back in the castle. They enter the castle, are surrounded by troll-like beings, the Queen (Queen Admira) comes in, and Bridget asks for a few young women. The queen refuses, then eats for herself and praises her youthful look, looking in a mirror by hand. Hodgepodge facial when queen says it should be "digested". The Queen is upset when Bridget mentions that wicked witches should have some warts, so the queen freezes Bridget and orders the other three to be taken to prison. But the queen leaves the key from the oven's dome cup to the dome lifter. Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses the "noose" (trunk) to pull the prison door down, releasing both dolls with him. I find Bridget standing up, the dolls embrace her, which makes Bridget resurrected. Before you run, Bridget finds the left-to-back key of the tree dome, raises the dome, chooses some shining youngsters, and puts them in a jar. The queen catches them, but the queen's arm is trapped under the descending dome while she gets to the key that Bridget leaves on the ground. The Queen suddenly turns out to be old, since it is devoid of berries that gives young people and seems to die. Soon, Bridget returns through the mirror to her bedroom, but travels to the bottom of the mirror, spreads the fruit on the floor, and the berries disappear quickly into the smoke, one by one. Her mother calls her and Andrew to say goodbye to Grams, who goes to a rest house. Andrew gets rid of his usual facade and accustom to Grams, telling him he loves her and he does not want to leave. Their father is moved and decides to keep his Grams after all, and everyone embraces and laments, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person who pushes Grams to move out. Andrew asks Bridget for St Louis Cardinals, Bridget begins to explain how he gave Huggins to Huggaland, but Andrew does not want to hear what she thinks is her fantastic stories, so she returns to look for her in her bedroom . One of the dolls splits the secret back through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts the lid on Andrew's head, Andrew is amazed and leaves his bedroom without saying anything. Bridget gives joy to the mirror.
