Believe it or not, "The Wood Massacre" gave me a full gonorrhea! So I have a discharge rainbow that spit me just because a group of children played with a video camera and made a deal with the Devil and they were distributed. Beyond my understanding, as someone with moderate intelligence could tolerate this load of a movie. The only reason I managed to stay in the whole issue (not without more suicide attempts along the way) was because, first of all, I was delusional with boredom, and secondly - I think I have I wanted to explore this new type of hatred I've been Experienced ... This movie is a "shot-on-video" horror / comedy about three brothers who are left at the weekend in the care of their eldest aunt. The youngest child ends by accidentally stabbing the old lady using the Rambo-replica hunting knife. Then they get to dismantle an aunt with various tools (apparently she did not have a single drop of blood in her body!) And she raises her into the wooden ax of her rented father ... Her condemned son then stops looking for his mother and the children they end up eating that shit too ... I do not remember seeing a bunch of annoying actors that actually caused me nausea. Seriously, that blonde voice made me constantly in pain. All the actors were even atrocious - they literally just called their dialogue of fake sounds and the jokes that should have been written by a chimpanzee that just did not care! Now I usually appreciate independent efforts, but only from those who can realize that other people than their relatives could follow this! I do not have to see a 3-minute blow from a car that comes out of a driving path and a torturous, painfully long, lawn care with ridiculous and fluttering music playing over it. In addition, why the hell box of this movie has a bloody piano on it? There was a piano in a UN scene and no one is killed next to him! I finished with the memory of this movie. If you do not like unbearable shit, I'd advise someone with half a brain to avoid this trash.
