I had great hopes when I heard it was done in 2001 because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a kid and it seemed very interesting to me. They made some changes in the story that do not make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in the story was a renowned lawyer in New Hampshire in the story. In the movie he is editor. A lawyer has more meaning, since he gets to represent Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was a man in the story but was a woman in the movie) in a process where both souls are on the line. As an editor, Daniel Webster does not seem to have the ability to do so. The act was decent for all, except for Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are two actors I like, they did a terrible job in this movie. It was like he thought he was acting in a comedy, but the film was worse than a comedy. This is partly due to the fact that the film was filmed with a certain vision in mind and then re-edited by someone else. In view of this, it is surprising that it was totally coherent. I was surprised to see a fairly large amount of SNL members in the film, which makes me think it was originally filmed with the intention of being more of a comedy. I should have said it was not absolutely terrible, but it was not very good. If I could take an hour and a half back and do something else with that, I would. The end was particularly disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the process. Jabez then begins again at the beginning of the movie ... literally, we are just brought back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie ends abruptly. In fact, they looked as if they had just resumed the first scene of Jabez and called it the end. There is no clue that Jabez benefits from any of the knowledge or experience he has gained, so who will say he has not repeated his mistakes again and maybe from time to time in an endless loop? It was an extremely disappointing end and did not make much sense. The decent distribution and acting of all, except for Baldwin and Aykroyd, are the only things that keep this as a full and complete sandwich.
