I got this in the DVD 10 CURSE OF THE DEAD. You have to love your business packages. Even if they do not have real remasterization, restoration and everything hoo-ha, and movies are generally in full-frame pan and scanning format, there is no doubt that there are always some precious stones included. And "stones," I mean, there are always good nonsense to see, especially if the movies are from the '70s, like the Crazy Manacle. My copy is called Mansion of Madness, but when the title screens roll down in Dr. Tarr's Dungeon of Torture. It does not really matter how crap is bullshit, right? Yes! But saying that this movie is absolutely worthless is not at all true. There are some funky elements here and there, and obviously the movie had a decent budget. The success of the opening title is cool with the colorful black that goes through an inexpensive TV look. Dialogue is always hilarious. Near the beginning of the movie, the horse and the luggage driver go out to move a dead tree in the middle of the road. "WHAT WE ARE?" says our Hero. Funny, then, this guy should not be able to fight later with the woods in the woods when they come to have a strange fun. You will completely forget that this guy was right in the movie until he grew up later, close to the end. That's how memorable these characters are. The best part about the Mansion of Madness, however, must be the confused music and the screwdriver seems good boys must endure. It's like a bad cartoon music that a three-year-old child will find pleasant. And why all the weird tea, anyway? I would say that my moment should be when the horse and the buggy are attacked by the forest oddities when they pull a ghost from the house in the middle of the road and stop it. What the hell? Yes, there are lots of faces to see, too, for those of you who dig such things. Boobies, bad dialogue and unusual music. The best amounts of the Madness Mansion for me. It deserves at least one view and it can be a lot better if you had a few people to drink or not. I can not say I've ever been bored to look at her, but I can not deny that it's also a blood barrel. Just like the Magical Mystery Tour, but with a plot, but not. Hmm. And Mr. Chicken PWNZ.
