Was it a comedy or a drama? Start this review by asking this question because the movie we just saw, Hollywood Shuffle, was not funny, not quite dramatic. While trying so hard to understand, because of this lack of definition (comedy or drama), smart themes and indirect comments have been lost. While I'm a strong believer that too many racial profiles are happening in Hollywood, even today, I do not think Townsend's directorial debut has done much to stop it. Instead, I feel he added more fuel to the fire. Townsend's comic town in this movie was disastrous due to the fact that the elements he was supposed to have to have fun, he also promoted backwards. The parties that were supposed to be serious have been destroyed in a kind of unpleasant comedy. Townsend had a decent concept with this movie, but unfortunately execution is what eventually hurt this movie. If you watch pre-motion preview (which I do constantly), you will immediately get the wrong impression of what you will see. The preview gives the impression of a very clever and comic film that boasts spectators' intelligence, but the film can not be further from the truth. The main problem with Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it is not elaborated); is Townsend's direction. He had a great concept with this movie. Take Hollywood exploiting our race. A decent idea, but why did not it perform very well? The first reason is that his ideas are too random and sporadic. The structure of the movie was like watching a heart attack on a hospital monitor, we are literally everywhere without any warning or map. It was obvious that Townsend had enough to say, but only a short period of time to do so. So, instead of defining his characters, developing his themes and creating a smart film, he throws it all together and prays that it works. Unfortunately no. Instead of an intelligent comedy, we have a lot of so many, comedy and subtle ideas that this movie is going from decent to almost undiscovered. What hurts Townsend most is his attempt to be funny, interrupted throughout the movie. From the fight with a bastard known as Jerry Curl for parodying Siskel & Ebert, Townsend's attempt to have fun while talking about a message about the faltering cinema industry. This is due to the fact that these small intermittent sketches distract the focus from the central focus of the film and destroy, in fact, internally. While Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about Hollywood life, he simply connects to every stereotype and cliche in the book. What could have turned into a beautiful satire in a simple generic humor never stops from the rest. So, if you do not laugh at the humor of this story, some Wayans are here to help eat this boring story. WRONG! Wayans is in this movie, but Townsend proves he has the ability to bring even the worst even into this fun family. Clearly, in their pre-In Living Color moments, we see that comedy was something to constantly improve. Maybe it was Townsend's direction, or perhaps just this atrocious story, but these fun comedians were obviously underutilized and ignored when he came to the critics of this film. I thought that, with the talent that Townsend had to pull from that Hollywood Shuffle, it would have been funny, shining, and a real oath in this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it was not one of the above. Finally, I would like to say that it was a viable film. There were a few moments (while they were few and far between) that had a smile on the face, the final product did not calm down well with me. Townsend can be funny, but in this movie he felt he was playing against himself, instead of his personal experiences and troubles. I realize he was probably telling the truth, but he never did. Instead, we are sent through a poor story that is backed by idiotic flash clips that could have worked for a sitcom but certainly did not work for this movie. Even for those who say that this was his directorial debut and that he learned from this film, I would have to disagree. If you start fresh, either have a tight script, or defined themes. Townsend did not have any of these, and combined with the impossibility of controlling his actors, he failed in a ball of flames. In general, it was quite disappointing to look. She remembered a Spelling Bee School, where it is finally your child's time to write. The word is tough, but as the first two or three letters come out, you think it will work perfectly, but then there is that silent "P" and "R" that forces the forces to collapse. That's how I felt with the Hollywood Shuffle. At first I saw the potential, I saw the theme and the reason behind the painting, but through the fuzzy and inexperienced technique and after the first two scenes, I felt that feeling of deep fall. Townsend sank her own ship on this and I do not think Hollywood Shuffle will ever reappear as a crucial moment of Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Grade: * from *****
