After a predictable, lively, live set-up scene, "Set It Off" drops straight into the gutter and continues to sink. This is a movie that deals with ugly, dirty stereotypes instead of characters, absurd manipulation instead of coherent plot, and a hideous sentimentality cocktail creates free violence instead of thinking, spirit or feeling. In short, it is no different than 90% of the Hollywood product. But the racial angle makes Set It Off a particularly sad example of contemporary shooting. Possibly a holiday of "sistania", the film is in fact a celebration of the most virulent forms of denigration of the "gangsta" Afican-American stereotype. The gimmick this time is that gangstas carry bearers. The film not only suggests that gangsterism is a pre-established identity for all African-Americans who are tied to money, or that they feel less aggressed by the man, but they show up as superficial materialists who reward money and stutter above all. Worse, "Set it Off" exploits the theme of racial discrimination and disadvantages, simply as a device to support the structure of its weak plot. Serious social problems related to race are used controversially and opportunistically to justify armed robberies, then they are dismantled as soon as the film has to produce the unavoidable conventional end of crime, the LAPD proves to be a bunch of liberals in charge (tell Rodney King) and the "good" sister of the aspirant, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the path of ascending mobility from the hood and into a world of middle-class self-indulgence opened for her by her boyfriend buppie bank -manager. "Set It Off" illustrates the state of mind of the contemporary film of blaxploitation, confronting the gangsta's mindless stereotypes and pretending to celebrate life in the hood while contemplating it all while "Shaft" and "Superfly "in the 1970s could have betrayed stereotypes and redesigned the well-filled plots, had freshness, energy and innocence that struck a chord with the audience of all races and still make them fun." Stop it "no it would be worthwhile if it were not a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoisation of the African-American film over the promising days of the early 1990s.
