We all know just before it's running, the Ron Moore mini-series is not Battlestar Galactica. It's fine. It simply means you have to stay alone. Can not rely on Battlestar Galactica. If it's good, it's good on merits, and Ron Moore has something proud. If the reports are true, that's what Moore wanted. However, if his mini-series roets, he has furiously all the excellent actors who have performed on the screen, not to mention myriade off-screen personnel. And that's what he did. Yes, this mini-series is not a remake. I would not even call a re-imagination. It's a new production, inspired by Battlestar Galactica. It does not take place in the Galactic universe, with the same places and jargon and technology. Do not say about Galactica's search for the thirteen tribe. Nor is it based on the legends and mysteries that supported Galactica. Ron Moore's mini-series is an operation with a space action action, with a ceremonial blow at Battlestar Galactica. Maybe I should say, "Just another space-work opera." Because, as it happens, its plots have nothing original or even interesting. I could send you everything without warning about the spoilers. But I will not do that. I will reach the most important point. Ready now? Here is: Just look at the trailer. It will tell you everything in the story. Yes, man's creations transform man and seek to destroy man. (I guess they forgot Azimov's rules again.) They looked like humans, so it's all alien stuff. At least there are no time travel. Oh, and many scenes of fighting and random acts of sex and violence. The final result was that, when Moore fired from Galactica, that sign of ceremony came more than respectful. I mean, he could not even figure out his own stuff? From the first few minutes, I wanted to look at something else. I did not care about any of Moore's characters because I could not identify with any of them. This has hit me in the face when the Cylons started the attack. Armageddon on a planetary scale, and I did not blame him. How depressing. Moore's heroes, in front of an insurmountable obstacle, instead of overtaking him, rather bypassed the tail and saved their own pockets. After all, it was the only way to save mankind, yadda yadda yadda. They took the safe way, rather than redeeming their own lives to defend others. At least disgust is not apathy. But finally, the Ron Moore mini-series was just endless activity, a movie on a treadmill, forever running away, but it does not go anywhere. And I wanted it to end. And until it was over, my life force was sucked. Against my will, I turn into a mindless zombie, devoid of soul, perhaps the type to which this mini-series would have called. We needed to get back up. I needed ... and I swear it is true - I had to look at an episode of Babylon 5. Two episodes, in fact, and I felt much better. And happier.
