You do not hate it just when you order steak, but does the restaurant offer you chicken? That's how I felt watching the so-called "Battlestar Galactica". Arguments can be made over its quality, but it remains, it's not what fans have ordered. Imagine if you stay at the proverbial restaurant I mentioned. You've been waiting for years to bring back the famous New York Strip steak that you loved. When the meal comes, find that they have applied the name "New York Strip" to a slice of chicken. You are crying, but the waiter says only "but cheeken, it's really GOOD zir"! Do you really care if the chicken is good? You wanted the New York Strip - a STEAK! The waiter then explains: "Zee zir, the chef of the chef wanted to do as we zayed. We felt the Cheeken would be more popular, from which we gave it our name to our delicious past delights." Ask if you will ever find the original New York Strip on the menu in the future, but you are informed that because the restaurant has a "New York Strip" now on the menu, you will not see the original New York Strip - again. <br /> <br /> This is what happens when we create something new and shoot the homonym "Battlestar Galactica" on it. <br /> <br /> * This mini series is an affront to all the original show fans! * It is a shame production team accountable for this new version obviously held contempt for the original. The team responsible for the revival of BG should have loved the original series - seeking to improve what fans love, not to try to sell shamelessly this new series exploiting the name Battlestar Galactica. If SciFi Channel wanted to give us a new show, then do it! Give him a new name! Do not use the name we gladly remember in trying to attract viewers. This reveals the chance to see some resemblance to the original in the future. I waited for 25 years to see what I knew as BG because we liked something about the original! I simply did not want NAME and the rest of the basic concept. There are things I loved about the original series! Unfortunately, probably the BEST elements of the original were those that were omitted. Of course, the original BG was imperfect and could have used some updates. However, this mini-series was not an improvement in all respects, but the special effects (which were good but not unusual by current standards). Many viewers will be debating back and forth about the quality of this new show, but we will not forgive SciFi and Ron Moore for destroying our dream. <br /> <br /> That being said ... I will give some comments on the merits of this new mini (not compared to the original): <br /> <br /> Battle sequences were the best part . Efforts have clearly been made to make the effects more "real" in appearance and less "wow - look at this effect". I would not say that these sequences were exceptional according to today's standards, but they were in line with the original films made for cables. What was the problem with this "pseudo-live-cam"? Some views have attempted to falsify the effect of a "real" camera with follow-up and offensive moves. However, it was over-used as there is no apparent SOURCE of these rooms. The smarter infinite series, Babylon 5, is the only instance I've seen effectively in the case of such "live cams," when we assumed we were witnessing an action from security cameras. Are you asking the script? The script felt it was written by a teenager for other teenagers. The characters felt cardboard and stereotype. Indeed, the whole story felt combined with other well-known stereotypes. The only good features of the whole story were the few elements that have been preserved from the original series. Obviously, it was "embarrassed" for the digestion of the media TV audience. Man's interaction was pitiful. Rather than a drama based on subtle looks, precise expressions and programming, every moment of human tension has been exaggerated to the point of being so obvious that they have lost all the ability to move any refined spectator. This was evident in any interaction between Adama and the son. The director must have tried to make sure that the most dense and weaker spectator will not miss even if he does not pay attention. I'm sorry, but the real people do not behave like they are. I would not have considered this a BAD show if it were on its own. Nothing great; he will never be venerated by true SciFi fans or artisans, but could have been watched by the masses. I personally could have lived without her. I just looked to see how it really captured the spirit of the original. <br /> <br /> The way this mini series will always be remembered is like a symbol of how story quality has been discarded to appeal to larger numbers. How even the SciFi channel has "pulled down" its productions to meet the masses, unlike its true niche market, Science Fiction fans. It will be time to ask our steak and insist on giving us chicken despite our complaints. I leave you with one thought - NO "MOORE". <br /> <br />
