Rating: 4 out of 10 While this mini-series has come close and I have been aware of it in the past six months, while Sci-Fi Channel has continued to find its BG ad presentations, I confess that I felt a mess more and more as I learned more. As with any cinematic artwork that took up a certain test of time, different people go to it to see different things. In this sense, when people think of Battlestar Galactica, they remember different things. For some, they are the chrome warriors with the oscillating red light in the viewfinder. For others, the love they had for special effects that were quite evolving for their time. Many forget the status of special effects in the late 1970s, especially those on television. For some, memories are resolved around the arch. Others still remember how the relationships between them helped overcome the challenges they faced. Frankly, I come from the last group. The core of Battlestar Galactica was the one who fired together to save one another from a bad empire. Yeah, bad. The Cylons had nothing to gain, but the extermination of the human race, yet they did. While the main stars revolved around, men and women met to face an almost endless resource, and somehow managed to survive until the next show. They did not survive because they had better technology or higher firepower. They survived because they cared and trusts each other to move on to the next show. The show had its flaws and sometimes it was sappy, but there were people you care about. > <br /> The writers of this current broadcast never seemed to understand this. In some respects, he took the least significant part of the original performance, the character's name and took over the story of the arc and achieved what they called no less than a reinvention of fictional television science. Because this was their purpose, they can be judged by how well they accomplished it: failure. It was far from reinventing. In fact, it has been, in many ways, one of the most derivative of science fiction efforts for a long time. It is borrowing freely from ST: TNG, ST: DS9, Babylon 5, and even Battlefield Earth. I'm sorry. Ronald D. Moore has contributed more than a decade to science fiction and has contributed to some of the most popular Science Fiction television programs you could see. One of the difficulties that seemed to have been that there could be no conflict in the Enterprise D & E bridge crew. This was the inviolable rule of Roddenberry ST: TNG. Like many who have lived under those rules of others who then use all the possibilities to break the rules when they are no longer under this authority, Ron Moore seems to have forgotten some of the lessons he learned under the direction of fictitious science Gene Roddenberry. Here, instead of writing the best story possible, he created a dysfunctional distribution as we have ever seen with the intention of creating as many conflicts as he could. Besides being dysfunctional, some of them were not credible. Anyone ever in the army knows that someone who hit a supreme officer would not only get a few days in hack, they could have gotten executed and would never go out the next day. It would not have happened, especially during the war. The thing I remembered most of Ron Moore's work was that he wrote the death of Capt. James Kirk. He killed Captain Kirk and, unfortunately for me, killed the Battlestar Galactica.
