I saw the second part yesterday. And I have to say he was actually better than the first one. At first, I realized it was actually a sequel, not a remake, but not a good one. I do not like old movies and the Galactic series, because the cilindres have seen some toasters (as mentioned in this new film) and they were completely harmless to the old galactic. This film turned the sides - people were harmless, but the whole movie was completely chaotic and bad for me. Many scenes were useless, for example, the story of the "computer expert" - completely stupid. If I were a screenwriter, I would let him die in his house, killed by the woman's cilon. And evacuation from the planet? Oh, please, if he was bombarded by 50 megatons (exactly 50 MT?), They would be killed by radiation. And how is it possible for the large cilon fleet to be completely hidden before the attack? Aha, it was probably the computer virus created by the cilon - the script was probably written by a school boy for ten years. The good part of the movie is that people are finally defeated! Indeed defeated, the population is almost extinct (the children die - twice explicitly in the film: 1. a child, perhaps one month old and a girl aged ten years or more - what violence ...). And the winners have won and I think it's the SF SF galaxy for the first time. I also appreciate the design of the cilons (not only the humanoid cilon :-) a good job with these ships - I like the design of the ships by both men and cilons. Human ships are a good version of the old. And galactic - even pretty with these docks, I liked it. But that's all, just the design is not enough. The actor was very bad, the whole plot was awaited (only two things are not - the human cub on the raggardocks and the human cilon at the end). Dialogues were trivial (and in Slovak, dabbing only badly, but that's not the fault of the film). The entire movie looked like a pilot film for a series, but who would shoot such a series? What would that be? A star for designing the second one for the almost disappearance of mankind.
