This movie is a mess, but at least it's not pretentious. The art of the video cassette sells it as a "funny launch" of the gigantic 1950s. In reality, it is a transparent understanding of the "Aliens" subsoil. Producers wanted to make an image "ALIEN", but it did not have to have a lot of money. In fact, he does not seem to have a ban, indeed. I hope everyone was paid who worked on this. The base parcel is retained - a group of people isolated with a killer insect creature - and a location of land is introduced for budgetary reasons, I suppose. Instead of setting the film in space, where no one can hear you, scream the movie in a hospital where everyone can see your budget empty. The funny thing about "Blue Monkey" (and there's only fun thing about it) is that the filmmakers have not abandoned the aesthetic "ALIEN". Even if we are in a hospital, we still have an incredible cavernous annex, where science fiction experiments are conducted, in this case the venerable growth hormone plotter. The annex also doubles as a boiler room (or something) so we can have an explanation for the monster seeking the heat. The boiler room is so large that it is trained with multi-level steel podiums, perfect for allowing the drainage between them. The idea is that a man working in a greenhouse is attacked by a drooping flower from a rare imported plant that grows in an exotic location. He touches and says "Ow," so we know he was hurt. Cutting on his finger makes him unconscious in a few minutes, and at the hospital gives birth to a white worm through his mouth (I think in a "ALIEN" image this will be called "mouthburster"?). The worm is isolated, but some naughty little children (leukemia patients) stray on it and "accidentally" give it a certain experimental growth hormone. You know everyone has problems when some hospital staff workers are attacked by a camera on a crane and soon a maintenance man finds some mandatory cocoons even before he gets caught by a pair of semi insectivoid arms -convingătoare. The rest of the film is dominated by the semi-offscreen monster, semi-covered by semi-darkness. Which brings us back to "ALIEN". How, if you ask, can a movie set up in a hospital include all those bright lights that are always in the "ALIEN" movies? There is no problem ... an interruption of the power supply (or something) causes the electric system to overturn, which apparently causes the appearance of stroboscopic lights in every room of the hospital and constant spark in the whole movie. This doubles like a comfortable cloak for less-than-special effects (although the bugs are pretty tidy, they do not move well, and the child's bug looks charming like a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so what "ALIEN" bases I did not cover ... Oh, water dripping on the walls! Check ... we'll divide the massive hospital into two parts, then we'll send some of the characters through the wet and dripping base to get to the other side. Problem solved, now we have the opportunity for many photos of "pretended tunnel". And do not forget the fog ... well, you never need an excuse for that in horror movies, are you? Okay, maybe inside a hospital that you do, so we'll create smoke by having a lot of things sparkling and burning. I did not say anything about the negligent act, not that the actors are given any scenario to follow. I'm going to have a "Blue Monkey" to be at hand and fun, and if so, then it's a nice try, but the songs do not meet and the movie gets to be a real love. See a movie titled "The Return of the Aliens: The Deadly Spawn," if you want to see a movie of this kind that will do it well, even with less money and even a far farther talent. It collapses on its alien.
