* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * take place in the northwest of the Pacific since the beginning of the 19th century. In a wet, lucrative mineral pool, John McCabe (a frizous Warren Beatty) comes full of cigarette smoke and great ideas about building a city-own salon full of a trio of the most jovial curves in the history of the movie. It also comes with a reputable reputation as a gunman: too shameful to do so to advertise blatantly, but is not even afraid to use it to affirm alphabetical accreditations among locals. And so he asked the boys to build their saloon at a price of 15 cents per hour. It seems to be a pretty bad operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) shows up in an amazing lie that is a half-car half-car (where Altman found that thing?). Mrs. Miller immediately takes McCabe as a business partner to classify the new community with the right curves and an insistence that all visitors do before going into the bathroom. Observing that McCabe does not know how to add, she also insists on manipulating the accounts. It is not clear what McCabe will be. The land gets thicker when a pair of giant representatives of the mining company appear in town and offers McCabe to buy it for five thousand. McCabe tells him to change his mind - he claims for fifteen thousand. The company believes the negotiation is disastrous, so it hires a trio of assassins to simply kill McCabe. . . although the way they thought they could escape the killing of a man in natural light in the center of the city is as unclear as McCabe's function in partnership with churches. (Excluding this plot hole because the locals are too swallowed to talk does not cut the mustard when someone thinks that any reward-money offered by the local marshal would be quite tempting.) * McCabe and Mrs. Miller *, supposedly "classic cinema cinema," should be much better than it is. The film tells a fairly good story; the main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are some striking scenes, especially one that involves what seems to be a 14-year-old cold stone killer. But it's really hard to enjoy a movie when you can hardly hear what someone is saying and when you barely see what someone is doing. Once again, this director hates his own film with laziness and starvation. According to the IMDb daily, the editor of the film overwritten Altman that the sound was dirty; Altman disagreed; and when everyone said the sound was dirty after the release of the film, Altman blamed the editor. (In addition to the bad sound, the film has an atrocious look. Only Robert Altman can hire a world-class DP, such as Vilmos Zsigmond, and make a movie that looks like he dirty the dirty water camera. Referrers here, who praise the "dark brown shine" of this image, have to play with me. The interior is shot through what appears to be a dark foam. The outside picture is even worse: it's as if Altman had set up 500 fog machines behind copious trees. During the climax, when Beatty shunts the assassins while the local church lights up, Altman insists on almost observable vision, with an animated snowfall that reminds of a Rankin-Bass Christmas specialty. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> Look here - I can not watch a movie under these conditions. Return to me when you learn how to place the boom microphones, when you remove everything annoying the Altman-esque dialog overlaps and when you wipe the lenses with some Windex or something like that. 3 out of 10 stars.
