How did Al Pacino play in this movie is beyond me. This movie is absolutely terrible. I have discovered, after reading some of the other reviews, that some people enjoy this movie, which profoundly makes me mad because I do not see how someone in the right mind could enjoy such a terrible film as the Revolution. It's not just a bad movie with a blatant plot and an extremely unpleasant general oddity, but it seems that the filmmakers have either been mentally retarded (which is a very possible explanation for why the movie is as if it is probably shit even compared to other films made by retarders) or deliberately made any illogical decision to make this film suck as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running with a huge ugly giant on his face. He does not usually have a mole. Moara does not add its character. It is extremely ugly and distracting. It's not like Robert De Niro's death; is much worse. Why the fuck does that mole? It's as if the producers were saying, "Let's see how we can make this movie even worse than it is already?" I know, give Mr. Sutherland a huge and ugly giant on his face. " <br /> Another example of the filth of filming is the character Ned. We see, for the first three quarters of the movie, the young Ned. At one point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We see Ned again and he is, of course, the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen and suddenly we have a different actor playing as Ned now. What do you think we are idiots? Dear good! Again, it's like movie makers say, "How can we do something worse? I do not think we can ... Wait, I had a terrible idea!" I know that a child does not grow much in half a year, which is good, but it grows at least more than three weeks. Just do not call another actor to play Ned, or at least make him play the five minutes when he's three weeks younger. In addition, the kid who plays the older "Ned" does not look older than Ned "the young". In fact, he looks only completely different, much weaker and not older or older than the original actor, which is very confusing, because, like any rational man, I thought at first that he was a new and different character. What, did the first child die while filming the movie? Because it was in the first hour and a half, and then, suddenly, three weeks later, the Lock Stock guy and two barrels of smoke play Ned for the last five minutes of the movie. And even if the original actor had died, the filmmakers should have at least become an actor who seemed to play the rest of his role and reprogram five minutes of the scenes six months later. Better, remove the full movie, never end it and never release it, never tell anyone about it, because until then it should have realized that their movie is smart, and in the end they will lose more money and time and will make it one of the worst movies of all time. I'm not saying this movie is so bad that you should not watch it; it's so bad that you should watch it just to see how bad it is. It's terrible, terrible.
