The bright actor as it is, Al Pacino derails the revolution completely? its approach through the Method method is totally inappropriate for the role of an illiterate trapper caught in America's War of Independence. Much of the blame should be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who made Fire Chariots only a few years earlier? I'm talking about a come-down!). One of the director's many jobs is to mark the actors, to convince his credible performances, but in that case Hudson allowed Pacino to spend his time without asking for any constraint. Not just the poor performance of Al's career, which prevents the film: there are many other defects with the Revolution, many of which will be said later. The illegal trapper Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north - the eastern part of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Does he lead a simple life? living on the earth, lifting his son, surviving against the elements. The country is dominated by English colonialists, but over a period of eight years (1775-83) there is a revolution that ends with the British defeat and the birth of the independent US nation. Dobb is caught in events when his boat and son are being conscripted by the Continental Army? away from events that they barely understand, they are fighting for their lives and freedom in one bloody mission after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and fiery woman of British aristocratic ancestors. Their forbidden love is played against the wider historical context of the battles. Where to start with the flaws of the movie? Are the most important actors miscast? Pacino has already been criticized, but Kinski understands better than the renegade aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless English soldier with a Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's script is embroiled in his attempts to bring massive historical events to a personal level. At no time does anyone seem to have decided if it is an intimate character study of the American revolution as a background or an epic war movie with a handful of sharp characters used to bear the story over time. As a result, narrative falls into the ground of nobody, going from "big show" to "little story" without discrimination and meaningless. John Corigliano's score is quite frightening and is shed over the procedure, with no idea, no subtlety. Hugh Hudson's direction is unwavering, both in terms of Pacino's incorrect management and other key actors, and in the decision to use unpleasant room work during action sequences. The idea of ​​handheld camera is to create immediate? that feeling of "being there" in the confusion of the fight and fire of the musket. Like many other things in the movie, it does not work. One of the departments where the film recovers a modicum of respectability is the detail of the period, with costumes, sets and weapons that always look accurate. But if it's about the details of the period when you're interested in a trip to the museum, it would be a better way to spend your time, because as a revolutionary cinematic experience, the Revolution does not even start making the diploma. Nothing more than a £ 18m mega-bomb that the British film industry in difficulty could afford in the mid-1980s.
