They are for the idea of ​​a great epic of the American Revolutionary War. That's not it. (And, of course, it was not Emmerich / Devlin / Gibson THE PATRIOT, but I walked away.) I saw this movie on an advertising visit to the old MGM Studios (now Sony) came out. The audience had great expectations for the expensive vintage piece, written by veteran Robert Dillon, directed by Hugh Hudson (from the fame CHARIOTS OF FIRE) and Al Pacino. But he did not take it for people to sink into their places, whispering their ridiculous comments about Pacino's great ornamental accent - it was supposed to be an American frontier of Scottish ancestors (!) - and that of Nastassja Kinski, who had recently to emigrate England (!!). Then the story started and everything went down quickly. The motives were crowded, the dialogue was atrocious, the events did not have a historical or political context. What was a plot lurched forward on absurd coincidence; the second or the third time that supposed lovers, Pacino and Kinski, stumbled into each other, had become a bad joke. Donald Sutherland gave an unshed performance as a British / pederast officer. His emphasis was on the map. I think there were no English actors available. Many people left. Those who have left have tried to go mad with chuckling, then beaten openly. I stayed out - I thought at least the battle scenes could be good. I was wrong. Unexplainably, Hudson chose to shoot with handhelds, even Steadicam, jerkiness offering a "authenticity" of unsuccessful news that ruined the sense of scale. He was a semi-celebrity television audience reviewer a few lines before me: (late) Gary Franklin of Channel 7 Eyewitness News. I could say he was fond of the behavior of others. And certainly on his television segment, he gave her the next day on the movie "10" on the note "Franklin Scale" from 1 to 10, while he noticed the bad luck about the fans who upset the screen with a the evening before, I do not know the art when they saw it. What a hat. After this disaster, Pacino has not been in another movie for nearly 4 years. Hugh Hudson's career has never returned. You can not say I did not warn you.
