What a great word is "re-imagination" is. Is not that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? A smart word - hides the term everyone hated to hate, the "remake" that is, and makes it almost as if the process of making one was creative and involved imagination. Okay, I was wrong. At least I was seduced more by the thought of countless gore and unrestrained violence than by the idea of ​​"re-imagining", although it played a role. However, why do a remake? Directors do it for a few reasons: to update a movie for a modern audience or because they love the original personally and want to pay homage to them. A tribute, if you will. However, in general (I admit exceptions), it reduces to one thing: stealing one's idea and remodeling (or "re-imagining" it), so those who would not even see it understand that they would pay money for it see. It's like Coles / Cliffs' notes; throw everything in a blender, clean everything that is weird and curious and throw in some artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing scheme. So what's wrong with it? Well, I'll start with what I liked. I liked the first scenes. Thanks to CGI and a larger budget, we could actually understand the chaos of the zombie holocaust, which tried to communicate in the original by minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look nice on the screen. Then everything is breaking up. This configuration does not go anywhere. The movie does exactly what each remake does. More is added, except for the character, the atmosphere and the story. It is more noisy, (in a sense) bloody and full of the main characters who seem to die only in unnecessary underground. The setting, the mall that played a crucial role in the story and theme of the original film, is purely coincidental. The idea communicated in Romero's film, the pure ecstatic joy of having a "mall for you as a fortress," has left here. Moreover, this "re-imagination" has no moxia, no spirit, no balls. It is assumed (probably rightly) that the audience does not have much attention and does not bother to be interested in our characters or story. The film hurries and quieters the quieter interactions of the four characters of the original. In fact, you were worried about these people in Romero's version because there was some realism for their existence, despite the madness outside the mall. Here you do not care when or who goes: what matters is how they go. What else is it to say? The film is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and tries to solve the rest with special effects and gore. As a story is really too messed up to be followed and conflicts between characters are too underdeveloped to save it. Humor is also reduced to a few unique lines (and a really good character: Andy). After that, what's left? An extremely ridiculous end and far inferior to the inevitable and inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But, despite being a bad movie (though not as bad as other remakes), it should be remembered for one thing: it hit the Passion of Christ on the 1st place in the box office. Good zombies.
