This movie is purely "Hollywood hokum". Is it based on a novel called "Not Too Narrow"? Not too deep "by Richard Sale, which may or may not have been interesting, research would be needed to find out. The story in the film takes more incidents and much of the background that obviously existed in the novel but are nowhere to be seen in the movie, so either the movie was cut wild or the script was a misery from the beginning. There is not a millisecond in this movie, which is realistic from a distance either in terms of events or characters. It's a pure Hollywood fantasy in every respect. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so unused and wasted that it makes no sense to be in the movie, they should have been mixed in the way it adds a sprinkling of chopped chives to an omelette, hoping the flavor will be improved. The film is a weighty attempt to produce a "morality story," and it's so stiff that it's ridiculous. refers to some criminals imprisoned in French Guyana who want to escape from their French colonial prison through a jungle (very much a jungle Hollywood set with a rubber serpent). Of course she has to be a woman in the story, so Joan Crawford puts him like a good-luck vagabond who for some reason becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford escapes through the jungle with high heeled shoes and keeps his makeup fresh. Gablele flirts and grimaces and makes mawkish expressions, cutting his forehead as it was his habit, smirking, and looking impatiently at everyone, what was his way of acting. It's hard to treat such a character as a tough criminal when he always tries to be so hard to be Clark Gable, who certainly does not have time to be a thief. (Attention, applicants are, by definition, too busy to steal and inappropriate for a task that requires people not to see them.) The whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be seen as entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and "depth" is done by injecting into the story a mysterious "angel of mercy" who voluntarily enters a prison and pretends to be a detainee. He helps escape and accompanies all criminals and ministers to death helping them to find "peace" in their last pant. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter, who keeps a breath of convincing secret knowledge, smiles enigmatically, makes cryptic prophetic remarks, and has a a small place trained on his face to give him a heavenly glow.The theme is meant to be ransom.It might be called Donald Duck's version of "Hollywood Goes Moral and Gets Heavy." For a true depth, "I'm Expecting" from Hitchcock in 1953 shows how it really should be done. Instead, this piece of trivial fools shows how empty the closets were in the Town Hall, and that when they went gruesome for something that could mean something, all this could come with the era, you guessed it, more torture.
