The author of numerous novels, plays and stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered among the great authors of the world during his life, and although his reputation has disappeared over the years, his work continues to commit critical respect and a large audience read. Published in 1944, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is the story of a veteran of World War I, whose search for spiritual enlightenment flies in the face of superficial western values. It was Maugham's last major novel - and he was extremely popular. Since the conflicts of the novel are internalized spiritual and philosophical issues, it was a very strange choice for a movie version - but 20th Century Fox Darryl F. Zannuck fell in love with the book and stripped off rights on the screen right after the release. <br /> <br /> The film RAZOR'S EDGE to be directed by the legendary George Cukor a script by Maugham himself - and it seems that Maugham wrote an adaptation. When the film came into production, however, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director less known for artistic touch than a man, and the Maugham script was replaced by one by Lamar Trotti, the author of such memorable scenarios OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, recently recovered from military service during the Second World War, was cast as Larry Darrell in spiritual conflict; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauties of her era, was interpreted as Socialist Isabell Bradley. The supporting show was particularly notable, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget program and the filming program were generous, and when it first began in 1946, the film was admired by the public and critics. But time has a way to put things in perspective. Seen today, the RAZOR EDGE is really a beautiful film product - but, besides the absolute best it can be said that it is a fairly consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the major issue is the scenario. While it is reasonably close to Maugham's novel in terms of plot, it is considered out of character and fails to capture fully the underlying problems that lead story. We are told that Larry is looking for enlightenment; We are told that he receives it; we are told to act on it - but, despite the occasional and largely superficial comment, we are never told about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes behind any of them. In particular, I have never said anything significant about the nature of enlightenment itself. It has the effect of cutting the story to the knee. I stayed peel Maugham's plot, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, a woman who loves Larry, but left due to growing ideological riff that opens between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were greatest for physical beauty than talent, but both might turn in a good performance when they received a solid directing and script. Unfortunately, this is not the case here; they are extremely a note and Power is very miscast to boot. Fortunately, the support distribution is pretty good, with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson especially; but then Anne Baxter's performance was not as good as it would have been. With a running time of just two and a half hours, the film feels also unnecessarily long. There is a seemingly endless banter of cocktail, and indeed, the entire sequence of India (which reads as a bit hilarious) would have been better cut off entirely - a strange situation, for this is precisely the sequence intended to be cruel to the whole movie . Regardless of the specific scene, everything seems to go further on any real point. As far as the DVD itself is concerned, the film has not been remade, but printing is extremely good and, while the bonus package is not particularly memorable nor is it considerably weak. When everything is said and done, I give RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for production values ​​and everyone's desire to take over the material - but, frankly, it was a movie best left by Power and Tierney fans who will enjoy it the dear of the stars, and those whose ideas about spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the film itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, the Amazon reviewer
