What if Somerset Maugham had written a novel about a coal miner who decided to look for transcendental enlightenment trying to join a country club? If he had it, he could have named Edge Razor, since Katha-Upanishad tells us: "The sharp edge of a razor is difficult to pass, so wise men say the way to Salvation is hard." But Maugham decided to stay in a well-rooted class, so we have the Darryl F. Zanuck version, Larry Darrell, recently recovered from World War I, carefully cared for, well connected with society and determined to find himself becoming a coal miner . Or, as Maugham tells us: "This is the young man I'm writing about, he's not famous, maybe when he finally ends his life he will not leave any traces of spend his life on this earth, rather than a rock thrown into a river that moves on the surface of the water. However, perhaps the way of life he chose for himself may have an increasing influence on his fellows after death perhaps, it will be realized that a very remarkable creature lived in this age. " <br /> <br /> Edge Razor has all the cultural tastes of Zanuck that he could buy his money. It's so serious, honest ... so important. When Larry is looking for wisdom, he works in me on commercial ships, climbing up a Himalayan mountain to learn from an old wise, we have his selfish friend, Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, Baxter, his snobish girlfriend, and immaculately dressed his uncle by Clifton Webb, and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall, taking notes. The film is so unbearable for gracefulness that the only thing that pushes him a little is Clifton Webb like Elliot Templeton. "If I live to be a hundred, I will never understand how a young man can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has some good lines, but we ourselves appreciate Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted a prestigious hit for the twentieth century when he bought the rights for Maugham's novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. They made sure they were well dressed by dozens, a score that sounded as if it were destined for a cathedral and even wrote some scenes. The effort is as conscious as a fat man wearing a rented tux. Despite Hollywood's view of things on the edge of the rays, I can tell you that for most people hard work does not bring enlightenment, just fatigue and low wages. <br /> <br /> After nearly two and a half hours, I saw Larry wearing the duffle bag on a ship with a tram in a throat. He will return back to America from Europe with a smile on his face. "My dear," says Somerset Maugham Isabel at the same time in a elaborately decorated salon: "Larry has found what we all want and what very few of us ever have. I do not think anyone can get better and better cute, cute for his knowledge See, my dear, goodness is with all the greatest force in the world ... and he took it! "Larry and the audience need so a healthy dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> <br /> Maugham, let's not forget, he was a wonderful writer of plays, novels, essays, and short stories. To see how the movies could be right, watch how some of his stories were brought on a screen in Encore, Trio, and Quartet, and instead of losing time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Lawrence Durrell, the Alexandria Quartet is a good read.
