The summer of 1979, when this film was a speech on this new film environment called HBO, was the Summer Line Gas Line and Iranian Crisis of Summer Hunting. A mood swing was about to end with low-budget, self-a-mission movies, although "Smokey & the Bandit" kept high-speed movies for many years to become Roadrunner cartoons. "Corvette Summer" is as strange as any other previous movie, such as "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry," if it's easier and sexy than most. The auto-gym genius Kenneth (Hamill), high school graduate, arrived at Vegas in search of the car theft ring, which destroyed the Shop Class masterpiece, a super-personalized Vette with a right hand. In the spiritual language of the desert I-15 (see "Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas"), he arrives in a customized van (yes, this was also the end of the van tail), tricked like a mobile bordello and led by sassy , Aspiring prostitute Vanessa (Potts), on the road to Sin City to do it well, no matter what ambitious robbers do. VANessa, do you understand? Shy, the innocent Kenneth is over his head in Vegas, only with his American determination and his new friend to help him, though the young lady is hardly probable from the point of view of the world than it seems for the first time. Why, in the age of "I am a woman," Vanessa has invested her talents, money and her future in the oldest but less worthy profession in the world, for example, college or even hairdo, can be explained by young people who would like to believes that all women measure at least the joys of that career path. Remember your target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for blues Kenneth (the car does not belong to him personally, but to his school), who will not be discouraged by his purpose through violence, money or even love - until he finds out why the car was really stolen. Potts works with style and energy, but Vanessa is too incredible for any testosterone car, but the most credulous, buy it. Bad guys are surprisingly made by people, especially by Brion James, always good. But there is not much action and this is not a kind of movie that can be worn through dialogue, plotting, or heavy issues. You can always touch, rotate the TV dial, and connect the "Pong" console. The similar vehicle but Chris Mitchum's "Stingray", which appeared around the same time, had the role of acting as a laser, but also more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each film could have produced a Vette film that is worth remembering. Thus, Trans Am was left to master the car body showroom. Another movie forgotten of cars, brought back from the dead by the fine weekend series "Speed ​​Channel", Lost Drive-in.
