If you hit the teens in the 70s, as we did, you probably remember the Studio 54 stories if you liked disco or not. An exclusive club was the perfect symbol of superinfection and self-absorption in the 1970s; there is even an excellent VH1 documentary about the club that can tell you everything you wanted to know about its glory, and stories are quite exciting to create a very exciting movie. Unfortunately, this is not the case. 54 follows the lives of some of his employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a bus called Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a little girl, Anita (Selma Hayek) and, of course, ceremonies himself, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). While the games at the club are well represented, this film refers more to the personal life of the workers, following Shane's closest story. The film works in spurts. Sometimes she captures the nightlife culture perfectly (like when Shane is taken to a party and she does not know who is "Errol Flynt"), and sometimes she asks for the hokey melody. Are some of these inherent in the premise? following the subordinates as they mingle in the rich and fabulous world? but many of them are due to the baby-glove treatment with which the club and Rubell are given throughout the film. While Rubell has certainly electrified the New York scene, with its propping for the show at the top and with the exclusive crowd's hand every night, agitated drugs and sexuality are only briefly touched; and Rubel himself, while his excesses are mentioned, give way strangely positive to a guy who was alive a liar, a cheap, a drug user and promiscuous like hell. Not that I was looking for the man who was to be punished here, but his self contributed directly to the fall of his club and the diminution of the nightlife culture he helped to raise him. A final scene in which he looks at paternals is so emotional that he is false absurd. Meyers strives to capture Rubell, but he has given so little to work here, it is surprising that his performance is effective; but it's good and helps to anchor the movie. Philippe, whom I generally find as a good actor, is pushed here by the height and stupidity of his character; he confines himself to a smile of a deer in the headlights or a fabulous frenzy, and can not even translate this into a powerful performance. Hayek and Meyer are both good, again undercover by writing, and Neve Campbell? visible on the DVD cover? appears so short that it really has an extended cameo. For some reason, I'm still interested, even fascinated by popular culture in the second half of the seventies. But even in this sense, it is not a movie that hired me in spite of a predisposition to like it. I would say that if that era or this club were interested in you, follow the special VH1 melody rather than the middle one.
