What happened to Keaton is what I want to know. Actually, I did not climb, dragged myself, thought I had to pay half of the Vegas tickets, or maybe not, maybe she was just brainwashed, blackmailed and bored to death. Rich enough to adopt a country in the third world, she had to somehow stay in another "drool'athon," based on the same franchise that she revived from "Father of the Bridegroom" . You think he's headed with Mr. Bean. (Spooners) <br /> <br /> So Hubby (Dax) was kicked out by a rude son of a boss, his mother (Keaton) leaves his dad after the classic line and collapses with his own singer in the wagon, oh those small rascals. Hubby has the cold feet for his diaper, wife's watch and beat him, let's throw in a space cadet as the second guest house for a good measure in one day, because it's so fun and original. The woman is feeding and going away, my mom leaves for a cadet space and the couple is in time for closing the credits, 86 minutes late. Now, if you have to have a space cadet, he can not be deceiving, can not draw an excuse for his condition, and if his mother leaves his father, he can not climb into a cabin dressed like a pumpkin, just because a screenwriter agonized how to cheer up things. <br /> <br /> In addition, the gag by inviting her only to discover that she has the canine entourage in the cabin has to be outlawed so far. And you have only a two-dimensional boss to denigrate. Another film that will kill the film would be the script of the movie that the space cadet wants, assuming more blades than real, again, dejas-ad-nausea. <br /> <br /> Liv Tyler does not look happy here, her voice was sometimes weird, I was wondering if she later had a part of her, and she's a smart one, she worked with big roles and we'll forgive her for Jersey Girl, she was prone to disasters, it could happen to anyone. Dax Shepard was watched and generous about the material. Personally, the director, scriptwriters and, in particular, the producers that I would like to see before being sent to Guantanamo as toys for prisoners, and that is what I keep this "clear".
