In front of him, Ruiz began to make a psychological thriller. Although not as satisfying as a classic piece of the genre, there are compensations. The tensions between Huppert and Balibar as women, calm, but behavioral, in war, over a boy whom both claim to be convincing; However, in a true European style of art, Ruiz does not give us the release of this tension, as women try alternately to behave compassionately towards one another. The only loud voice is the awakening of Huppert from a nightmare (an irrational event in the film). In fact, if we follow the title, the film is as little about its thriller skeleton as Jane the Champion is in the cut. Instead, it is an intergovernmental psychological study that focuses on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides a practical joke by playing her mother against another emotionally vulnerable woman. Both women seem to be pandering rather than arguing, and this is the problem. In the background, he is an inertial psychologist (Charles Berling), who quickly faces the women of his life - Huppert's sister, his or her nurse or pause - and thus acts as a symbolic contrabalancer for adults, calm and (learn) the manipulative Camille. It is especially interesting that, like the father of Henry James, "The Bolt Tower, Denis Podalydes's father, who applies the law, is absent for the duration of the film." Ruiz uses an Oedipal moment from Huppert's reaction to his return to film closure. Read either as a thriller or as a psychiatric essay, this movie is finally quite disappointing. I'm officially worried about Miss Huppert's screen mode, which is too buried, so I'm gonna go see her on stage before returning to her (the films of Europe - enjoying the Gate of Heaven) again. "Ruiz does not do the favors." Besides some dim lights and strange intentional photographs, it seems that his direction leaves the rather uncovered characterization - I am thinking especially of Edith Scob's Shamanic neighbor to Isabelle, who acts knowing, but communicates in a nutshell. Fixed pieces do not bind by a forward compilation - the tension I have already mentioned is not only dissipated but also scattered in its steering potential. Want to see a contemporary French thriller? Go and see L'Appartement. 4/10
