Somewhere between the Food Court and Zip, the mall in this movie has an explosive shop. This is the only place where the title title can buy the bomb that a plant in the mall, in the end boring. A fictional town has a new mall built on a land that has been convicted. The cute girl (I did not get her name) gets a job as a waitress there. He lost his friend in a fire at the place where the mall is located. The bad mall owner hires the incendiary responsible for the fire as a security guard after his first guard has become dead. Rob Estes, before "Silk Stalkings," is a photographer / reporter who is trying to find a story. He joins Cute Girl and their "funny" friend Pauly Shore and tries to find out if Eric is still alive. He is living in the basement of the mall (?) And travels through the air channels and the various people who upset his ex girlfriend, including the fireman. Eventually, he kidnaps her, and the final involves the bomb and everyone running off the stage in front of the big cablooey. Morgan Fairchild is on his way as a mayor ... yes, he is the mayor. Of course, you probably did not need a plot sketch because the whole story is in the title. Someone called Eric takes revenge on people as a ghost of a mall. This also means there is no suspense. We know that Eric is behind this, but we have to see that Estes and Cute Girl go through the foolish investigation. Look at Fairchild, which we know has been in cahoots with the mall owner all the time, pulling a gun on our heroic duo, amid a crowded party, but nobody says a word that she leads her to her office, and her eventual death. The fictitious city is huge, yet a single policeman is ever called, everyone relies on the mall's security for the command. Eric has been hiding since the mall was built, but I'm not sure where. He seems to live in a basement, but you would think a construction worker would have found him. He also offered the love pad pretty well and found some outlets because he has electricity. It could be more pleasant than your apartment! <br /> <br /> Pauly Shore's fans, both of you, note. He deceives a guard in his cabin by sliding the room. Yes, stop scanning <br /> <br /> Celebrity Skin and Playgirl, this is where you will see a black and white shot of the southern shore of Pauly, although not weysil. <br /> This is just junk, and the positive proof that I'm just hiring about anything from the video store to stay in the horror section. This movie is not Eric's revenge, it's the film producer's revenge for me being stupid enough to see him. Here is my revenge: I do not recommend it. (R) for physical violence, gun violence, gore, some profanities, feminine nudity, short male nudity, and some sexual content.
