We absolutely despise this movie. No wonder Jose Larraz "gave up" at one point and refuses to discuss it. I admire Larraz's work, especially his obscure slasher / sex maniacs such as SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has an inevitably artistic nature about him that he does not seem to stop, partly because of his secondary career as a painter and cartoonist. He's too bad he never did a Western, his vision would have been perfect. CANDLES BLACK is slightly his most famous film and probably best known for the VAMPYRES masterpiece. And the notoriety revolves around a scene in which a Satanic covenant adopts a bizarre ritual involving the extraction of the reproductive fluid of a goat - symbolizing The Beast - as a kind of nausea conditioner that must be used in his preparation as a sister of a man killed for her role as the bride of Satan. The scene in question is put in a manner that seems quite convincing, even without the display of any sanitary apparatus that can be endowed with the goat, relying on the actress histrion recruited to play the prayer in ritual and a lot of guttural song scores recycled musicals of the film heard in half a dozen films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The perverse nature of the scene is more involved than the one presented in graphic details, exalted to a certain extent by the knowledge that the supplicant is actually the adolescent daughter of the Satanic priest. But we had the pleasure to concoct this movie. The problem with her is that she is not too much deconstructed or contemplated except for ROSEMARY'S BABY's thin story about a woman who was weaned in the role of Satan's Bride through a sophisticated satanic carpet living in the neighboring areas of a very British sinister. Driven by the Eurohorror Helga Line, these satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, landowners and other top cruel dignitaries who in fact owe their professional success to worshiping the devil. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, just take care of who you can sell to return to your personal conflict or to get hit by a sword. <br /> <br /> The film tries to combine this satanic trip full of oud or limited graphic sex and should be viewed as a kind of peak or culmination of the Spanish thriller traditions of horror and horror popularized in part by Mr. Molina and Mrs. amazingly blooming under the disapproval of Generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. While he lived his decree, the Spanish cinema was to be free of the graphic representations of sex on the screen. Spanish directors have often made two versions of their films, one with sex hidden for their own screens and one with prostitution displayed for export. As difficult as the directors to express, the result was a kind of exciting tension that occurs when artists flirt with forbidden: the Spanish horror of the 1970s has a very special flavor that is somewhat of an acquired taste. It's not for everyone. But in a bizarre transformation of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, Spanish horror began to dry in the late 1970s when their Gothic castles and demonic organs suddenly woke up when compared to new sensations such as JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon. And without Franco's constraints, suddenly there was a thriller of free thriller that came out of the pipes at the end of the '70s / early 80s, of which CANDLE BLACK is probably the best known because of the emphasis on sexual distancing with a barnyard animal. Larraz's most important horror films have turned around sexual sex (lesbianism VAMPYRES, incest SCREAM AND DIE & DEVIATION), but here the effect of depravity is to fill the rest of the production. Nobody cares about anything but the traditional censored goat at Goat Bar, and watching a barred version of the barn is almost an exercise of futility. Sex is not graphic enough to rate porn, and chills are not cool enough to miss a horror. Thus, BLACK CANDLES is basically a behavioral study - Here are how great British Satanic societies might behave in isolated villas in the West Midlands or anything else. Between sex scenes, actors / actresses sit around and have a lot of talk. The best thing the film has is an incontestable, oppressive, claustrophobic atmosphere, with most of its action taking place inside the tightly enclosed mansion of Mrs. Lin's mansion. Almost every way of prostitution is suggested so fans of soft-core romps with an allusion to supernatural horror will be amused and of course vicarious sexual offenders among us will enjoy choking their chicks at the goat barn scene. But the final conclusion of the film is a stupid, pretentious, insulting intelligence, and perhaps perfect for such an otherwise forgotten exercise in the applied scorn. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without Goat Barn this movie is not the same, and the scene is probably too much for most viewers. Larraz was right to give up.
