Beware of self-justification because a movie is alien, obscure, and the stars Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean it's good. That's what happened in the case of "Blue Juice," a British Briton in 1995, about an impressive group of surf enthusiasts, who would seem a less likely place for surfers: Cornwall, England. You may think that this has reasons for a fun, quirky little comedy. Only if. The film is just over ninety minutes, but it seems to be endless. The easiest way to describe it is a British version of Grease of 90 years without dancing, but even that makes it sound better than it is. No, the best way to get it is like a small piece of life settled in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman who lives with a surfing instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee, remember him). Pertwee is actually the star of the film, and his character is something of a surfing legend for a small group of surfing fans, a free spirits rest group that inevitably lives in such films. In this case, he consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former DJ who wants to be a record producer and a terrible guy who, in an unnecessary scene, is stoned and loses all inhibitions of course, turns out to be the best thing ever happened to her. I can not honestly say that everything that happens in Blue Juice is predictable because it is put in place and reflects the habits and habits I am not very familiar with, but there is certainly nothing surprising or even exciting there or with the characters. Comedy, however, is very predictable and tired. You can feel the settings a mile away and almost recite the dialogue (in American form, of course) to the actors. The relationship between JC and Chloe is equally unclear. He wants to grow up; he wants them to remain the impetuous teenagers they have begun to be. He's afraid to lose his face with his band; she thinks she prefers her. Do you have any idea. While I was struggling to concentrate on "blue juice," I finally felt, as it was said, that this was an hour and a half of my life, I would never come back.
