Almost five minutes and I saw where he was heading. A lot of high school children are annoyed by the school administration, and the thoughts of rebellion are beginning to multiply. I told my friend: If he's under 5 on IMDb, I'll go and read a book. She was 5.0, so she convinced me to keep looking. What are the good things? Well, it's good that this movie does not have a story, because you will definitely be distracted by editing it. It's like the student's drawing that was broken by one of the teachers, all the material for this movie was cut into a strange accident involving a meat grinder, and left half of the stock destroyed, with the other half spliced ​​in two second bits. Even in a ten-second scene of local TV news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there are the fittings. All of this is programmed for electronic music, which warns you about another fitting, so that, like Pavlov's dogs, you start to overturn every time you hear it, which is every three minutes. Oh, I had to say what's good about this movie. The movie was shot very well, with a beautiful color palette that fits nicely with the emotional content - as it was - with the scenes. Okay, now with the major flaws of the movie, and it was not the story, or its lack. The director has made this fatal mistake of wandering about people and situations, not intelligent stories, but being extremely selective about what to show about the main characters. That's just a scam. I think he did it to make the central character more enjoyable. But it just became annoying. If the story is full of holes, it is not good to try to bore it in the wrong direction of the spectator. And often it was not even a point. And then the end. Practically, the main villain of peace turns out to be a good boy if he is a coward. In addition, what seemed to be the whole point of the film, that you should raise yourself for a just cause on your head through the wrong direction already mentioned, and do so in relation to the nature of the revolutions that has already been done, and much better by the animal farm. He also committed what I call sinning Bill Cosby: no matter what it would look like, adults are always right, and children are always evil. And let's admit: if you are not me, it's not true.
