The Chiller starts on a stormy, cold and dark night, when a bus goes down the third trip outside a bus station, a boy named Mason (Jesse Emery), professor Howard Conrow (David Wohl), and a woman named Sharon Phillips Pennington). Inside, they discover that they have missed the connecting bus and are blocked for the night. In the waiting area there are two other people, Ronnie (Jim Wolf) and a sleepy woman named Lindsay (Marjorie Fitzsimmons), who has a scary nightmare ... As he swims in an indoor pool, Lindsay meets the boy called Billy Waters (Jesse Johnson), the next time Lindsay sees Billy sinking into the pool and then disappearing apparently in thin air before stretching. Shortly after Lindsay discovers that Billy Water has died in a diving accident five years ago ... Lindsay wakes up and tells her about her nightmare, everyone else says they have recently suffered annoying dreams and you decide to divide them to pass the time ... The next is a Mason who tells a story about how he and two friends, Scott (David R. Hamm) and Jimmy (Will Tuckwiller), are terrified during a camping trip. Sharon whose story revolves around a newsman called Tom Williams (Thom Delventhal) whom he calls, Tom is at his earliest front door, but he actually turns out to be a vampire. Ronnie's turn is the next and describes how he discovers he can bring the dead back to life, unfortunately he brings Nelson Caulder (Bradford Boll) back to his homicidal life ... Finally, dr. Con row tells a story about how two of his students brought an aztec warrior god named Ixpe (Kimberly Harbo ur) back to life ... Then he is back to the bus station for a last (predictable) twist ... Written, produced and directed by Daniel Boyd Chillers is one of the worst anthologies of horror I have ever seen and usually I really like this sub-genre. Boyd's script does not need what is needed for movies like Chillers to work, you can see the last twist that comes a mile away and every story is really blades. The first is totally useless and does not seem to end, and the best thing about these anthologies is short stories, which are rounded with a clean inclination. The second story is predictable and ends again without any payment. So it continues in the Chillers that every story is deeply unsatisfactory to follow and have no reward to do so. The character and the dialogue are badly written, the stories seem to have no own original ideas and, overall, the movie is totally bad. At least every story does not last long and I liked the idea behind the link segments. Director Boyd obviously worked with a very low budget and looks. All I can say is if you want to watch a 15 minute short story entirely in a pool, then Chillers is for you. The stories are neither intelligent nor frightening, they have no tension or can not stand at nothing. After saying that he has some beautiful scenes and a certain surprising skill he occasionally shines. Violence and wicked gore does not happen too much in the Chillers, a reversed heart, a beheaded head, and an unhappy hand is as bad as it is. Technical chillers are a poor thing that will not impress anyone. Basic movie, bad music, cheap special effects and under-average values. Chiller chillers also feature one of the worst closing songs ever, period. The actor also has a very low standard. I'm sure a lot of effort has been put into Chillers as a low-budget movie and at least those who have tried to make this film, but that still does not prevent me from thinking it's shit. Related films such as Crypt Stories (1972), Asylum (1972), The Void of Horror (1973), The Terror House of Dr. Terror (1965), Creepshow (1982) are far superior to Chillers, so watch one of them .
