Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chief chef and owner of a famous California restaurant. He has a beautiful wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant and a beautiful son for about five years. Sammy really loves his family, but, like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he has a double life, having sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) tries to help him. OK, it's my fault: I read the summary of other IMDB users' comments, I saw the IMDB user rating, but I do not think Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it out and, in fact, some comments are very satisfied. Story, script, and dialogues are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some X-rated films we find smarter stories. The photo is so amateur and naive that in some parts seems to be taken through a VHS video camera. Michael Des Barres does not have the sense of ridicule: being an old man, bald, would be acceptable in advertising of Viagra or the little boy's grandfather. But, as an attractive man who gets and has sex with any woman, she is scary. In Wood Allen's comedy, maybe he had a chance, but in a "serious" movie it's funny. I'm trying to figure out why or why Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski have agreed to participate in such an awful, amateur and garbage movie. Need money? Lack of chances in better movies due to their ages? Are they friends of the "director" (sorry for using this word) and decided to help and promote him? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intention was to show her full silicone breasts, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress accepts such a scenario. The same is true for beautiful Nastassja Kinki. It is fat, without makeup, without any shine. A total lack of respect for one of the most beautiful actresses in the history of cinema. One thing really matters to me: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this garbage by offering higher ratings or writing favorable comments about this film? They are friends of the "director" (again, I use this word ...) or distribution? It seems very strange to me that a normal IMDB reader may want such a movie. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): 'Viciado Em Sexo' ("Dependent on Sex")
