This film B trashy is trying to mold it as a study of sexual addiction, but it's really a bad excuse for a sexual blow. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy owns a restaurant with a Grace wife (Rosanna Arquette) and a small child. He has a sexual addiction and has to have meaningless sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision who agrees (and of course, every woman on the planet finds it irresistible in spite of showing it large enough to collect Social Security). The story focuses on a conversation with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski), describing each of his sexual exploits through flashback. This is nothing more than a convenient launch point for a series of serial sex acts that consume at least 75% of the screen time. It's hard to know where to start criticizing such a bad movie. Production values ​​are abusive. The film is shot in a movie with a look somewhere between a television (the best) and an amateur porn movie shot in someone's garage. Joseph Brutsman's direction is horrible, with poor illumination, uninspired framing and poor actor direction. Scripture is vapid, and dialogue is meaningless and vulgar. Women are generally portrayed as nymphs who are obsessed with sex, expecting only a addict like Sammy to come and take them while nourishing their unsaved appetite with some impersonal copulation. For example, Grace's sister comes to inform Sammy indignantly that she knows he is asleep and tells his wife. His answer is to throw it on the wall and drink it. Almost three seconds in her she has an epiphany and is instantly converted to one of her sex disciples, asking her to give her more. Just as it ends, Grace goes in and she says, "Oh, great to see you, you have to run to pick up Timmy and Mommy's the words about Sammy's indiscretions." The loyalty tie was sealed with good patience. a spoiler here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the movie that anyone who saw the first fifteen minutes would have predicted it. Michael Des Barres shows the full depth of a puddle of rain, but he seems to be in the blow and the profanity of the sex parties, but when it comes to acting with Arquette and Kinski, he is adored Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this movie, providing a supportive performance and a really hurt look when eventually discovers that her perfect husband is a lecherous animal. Nastassja Kinski is far too compassionate as a therapist, but at least we have some actors going on here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of raised body duplicates that give them challenges, such as "hit me more", is the best thing you can do? and "Oh God, YES". This movie is among the worst thing I've ever seen, a dubious distinction given the thousands of movies I've seen. I gave him the extremely rare dishonor to give a 1/10 rating. It should not be seen within three hours of the meal.
