You can not deny that we have a speed affinity. That's why movies such as Fast and Furious, Dhoom, Rempit are playing to meet audiences, especially local ones. We live on a small island and I can not understand why, for the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want to get debt by having a set of 100% taxed wheels when they reach our shores and countless taxes and bills you have to pay when you operate one. Not only were the top sports cars once killed by a prominent politician in the north, that they would never reach the fourth step, not to reach the sea. And these movies are relatively easy to do. Hot wheels and hot chicks always fit together in targeting demographics. For once, those throats throwing some jeans and short jeans that accentuate the feet of two meters can not compete with the attention given to those beautiful curves that exotic cars possess in such films. Of course there is among us (ahem) those who go to the sexual portrayal of women as mere sexual objects (it explains why motor show shows come with models of trucks and movies that they can not do without a model with their feet, a frame), however, they do not justify the type of orgasmic collective offense whenever the four wheels enter the screen even if they do nothing and have their tools in the Park. The guy who sits next to me, I swear he dips his pants every time his dream cars come up and he grows his pants even more when he hears those engine moles. So, there we have, the boys fans who started to see what the latest cool cars are in the movie. With fast and furious franchises, Japanese models such as Evos and Skylines take the lead, as well as the GT. Here, the Ford GT takes on a change of the incredibly solo facades that impress me, along with the latest models like the Ferrari Enzos, the Porshe Carerra GT, the Koenigsegg CCX and any car that has door wings. But, seriously, my heart goes out to cars every time they are rushed for just entertainment. I mean, these are fine, high-performance models that are at the apex of cars, but yet, because whoever financed the movie had millions of souls, I do that because I can, there's no story in Redline, just an excuse create a movie full of beauty (the machines that are) that can break the downhill in the most boring fashion possible and with the usual pedal photos (always the accelerator, your mind, touching the pedal brake is equivalent to blasphemy and does not bring you any kind of respect), steering wheels, gear changes (always changing and not down), all of which make the actors claim to be the best asses with a motor, other dirty looks. It's not a very high order for an actor, and that's why we get the most bold performances ever with lines that seem to be written by elementary students. <br /> <br /> Eroina (yes, made a statement that the girls can drive her) Natasha (a very beautiful Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those million dollar discoveries - a model girl showing that does not bother to collapsing on four and sinking in oil that has a racing pedigree in it and rock singing songs with lyrics that are simply ridiculous (each line has to do with the cars, and when singing about love, just had to catch up with those innocents, such as changing trees, lubricants, and walks). Presented against his wishes to make illegal raids by a gangster named Infamous (Eddie Griffin), she is attracted to the mockery of the family involving a war veteran in Iraq, as well as some lecherous uncles seeking the rich uncle. Anything else, as I said, serves only as an excuse for the movie to go from race to race. And it's almost always the same because it's very limited to what you can do to increase tension between racing cars, especially when you know the race is rigid (for narrative reasons) and can see the result of the race one mile away from the line finishing. While Fast and Furious had pretty charismatic actors, and I'll put my head on the chopping block calling Paul Walker, Sun Kang and, of course, the star that he created - Vin Diesel, Redline had no one , Unfortunately. Looks like a TV movie in his treatment of go with a very insipid opening sequence where he is a man, a car, and a 105 minute time race to get to Vegas. for cars, then this movie is seriously a piece of junk, with bad moves, bad lines and bad action. Strictly for machine fans or for those who enjoy movies with countless beauty bevu that embellish their bodies without any lines of speech.
