There is a scene in this movie, about 42 minutes, which is among the worst I've seen in a certain time. After Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) rest on the beach, things suddenly become tense, and Sheilah begins to cry-the moment she tells her lover about her sordid past. This "dramatic scene" becomes so terribly angry and histrionic that I could not go back to my wife and exclaim how bad it was ... how dramatic music swelled on television because everything came to a false crescendo. Nobody experiences such moments - no one. Now, how much of the rest of the movie is true, I can not say, but this special moment was laughing bad and fake as a $ 8 Rolex - and it makes me assume that some of the other commentators were correct - the movie there is a lot of beds. However, I am not an expert in the lives of these two people, and the Internet does not seem to clarify this. <br /> <br /> Only who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what was their relationship really? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, looks different from what I saw in the film. Was he the suave and decent man that I first saw in the movie? Given that he was married at the same time as continuing with Graham and drinking like fish, I would have assumed he was not. Was it just as unpleasant and bad as we did in the movie? Perhaps, if she were so bad and yet Mrs. Graham stayed with him, then that makes her a fake - and not someone you want to see in a movie. And if not, then the movie is bad for them. Anyway, it made for a painful and not pleasant enjoyment experience. The total amount of this film seems to be a story of two people who are not particularly pleasant or healthy. In a dark and salacious way, some may find this very fun, but most are sure to see this as a wreck of the train without surprises along the way! Unpleasant, but with glossy production values ​​(especially music, which was great, but well above the top), asks, "Why did they even choose to do this first?" Bottom line - it's a bad movie around and probably is not worth your time - even though, like me, you're the great fan Gregory Peck.
