Well - when the appearance of Jason Miller's cameo (showing even more eroded than Exorcist IV) is the culmination of an image, what do you have? It's a small country, a little rock n roll: mix two drunkards with money that pulls their baby all over with a rich mummy (did you see that one was still out - in a rich?) In the basement, Christopher Walken with a bad colorful and a little girl who might have been an interesting character if she had developed it. I understand, in a way, that they are coming back to visit their relatives. After that .... <br /> <br /> Problem: There are some interesting flashbacks about what I have to assume her mother is being killed in a car bomb (I think). This is never connected to anything. <br /> <br /> Problem: Why do we need our grandmother? Now your grandmother might be interesting. He speaks Gaelic, Celtic or something like that. Maybe you can do something out of it. What I can do best is that she has a habit of tobacco. That's all. Problem: They threw a true sort, like the husband. Is he cast (will he sell his wife to the devil? Maybe he can look forward to the trust he manages for him) or is he thrown against the guy (after all, has a nice haircut and beautiful clothes)? Drink, he hesitates. He's not a bad guy. It's not a good one. But discoble. Why did not they do anything with him? No problem: an old boyfriend appears. The husband knocks him down. She's back to beating her husband. (It's pretty bad, but at least this character has motivation.) NOW - he's alcoholic, he's alcoholic; she could only marry her money. Grandmother is locked in the bedroom. The blind uncle takes our heroine to the basement to show him the mummy of a witch (are you following that?) Who could see his life. In fact, you know it's gonna come alive, the music swells. A little girl lives in the house, takes tea to her grandmother (unlocks the door to do that) and offers a grandmother with cigarettes. Periodically, grandfather comes out. But nothing happens. <br /> <br /> Husband and wife lose their child in the house, then lose their bedroom. Uncle takes his neck cut into the basement. The leading lady has bleeding of her nose. The husband drinks. I both drink. In front of all these things, the terrible truth referred to in the first voice is - omigod - an abortion when the lady of age was twelve. Despite all these stunning ingredients, nobody has been able to make a story on screen. No bridge between situations, no graduation from mild disturbance to terrible horror, only slow slow scenes that do not go anywhere, in fact, to take care - and have the place to go with that - the innocent child in the care of the drunkards, the grandmother who might be closed because it is a monster, but not the most serious of the guilt is smoking. She has great hair, good makeup. <br /> <br /> In short, no plot. Just a little random (predictable) violence in a dark library, with the rain that shines inside and the sound track that surrounds us. You need more than a few drunkards and Christopher Walken to make a movie. Production values ​​were good. Oh. Beautiful scenery, good closet. The cameraman, at least, knew what he was doing. I bought it. Poor of me.
