I HATE collapsed airplane movies ... ALL! In fact, I hate all of them with a passion! First of all, they are cheap and have no mastery! Secondly, they insult the aerospace industry and tell the public that all the planes are ... FALL OUT OF SKY AND CRASH! Why do I turn to such a movie? This could happen to each one of us and with worse consequences than those of the characters in that movie ... which is the only cold thing about an airline disaster such as this. I hate this movie because it's like all the 50,000,000 chaos movies in the bottom of the planes before that! Dropping down is like all the rest: nothing more than boredom before the dramatic scenes of shuffled shit. <br /> <br /> First of all, we have the same cast of retardation on this flying death trap: The Three Cleavers-esquire family, the yuppie bayard, and the asshole of a full flight attendant with a big blond hairstyle in 1987 someone who is the least scared! <br /> <br /> The second thing is that it should not be a feature film, but a documentary explaining everything about Airbus's Gimbli Glider incident known as 'Freefall' to safety measures. /> <br /> My third and last gripe is with all the aerial films of this caliber (except Fearless) Why the hell did the male steward train the passengers to remove his shoes? (I could understand high heels and sharp and vague objects, but move!) Like it will make them safer than I am now! This plane if they (the passengers) did not know better: they knew they wanted the earth to collapse. Why would you force 100 people injured on a rubber cord that can cause your skin to shell and blood to impact only to walk in their feet on a debris field! Does this make sense to anyone? Fearless and hit ABC series "Lost" had more depth and realism in the air disaster than just the "plane jam-panic-stewarders become gang-flat planes without wheels in a field - people are wandering without shoes and jackets, etc. The same old nonsense at 1975 Airport! The Fallfall was so typical of an air accident movie that I almost expect to see either Charlton Heston or Peter Graves bursting in the passenger cab anyway. we see at least how these badly acting characters return to normal instead of people who enjoy the imminent tragedy that is staring at them ... The typical tomb of life The cheap and stupid film!> The director of Freefall should stay on cheap television films, with middle-aged white women, with foolish teenagers who make drugs and have marital problems. As for suspense ... leave them profession Onicists ... hack! Why should the audience stand in an hour and a half is Wannabe Rehash Airport. I hope to tell him I do not make such airplane movies like this. If it were like the ABC series "Lost," then it would be something to follow. But that's stupid and then some. Turn off the disaster film transformation of all airplanes in "1975 Airport"! This is not "Airport", this is a cheap loss of my past. I would not recommend this movie or any film made for television with air disaster to anyone, not even my worst enemies.
