Because I liked the original "Caligula" even with all its flaws, I have to say that this trailer trailer was a abyss. Listen to Jovovich saying that the lazy American accent "Mmm cuhligyooluh ..." makes me feel bad. The set does not look like the Roman ... it seems like a courtyard of a Hollywood-rich actor, and the Romanian costumes look like the cheap shit you buy at a suburban costume shop. That "charming" Adriana Asti looks like a fifteen-year-old Hispanic woman completely frightened of her mind, as if she did not know it was a shooting movie. The act must be one of the worst I've ever seen, with most of the lines I hear as random actors shouting "CALIGULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!" as loud and obnoxious as I can. Random sex scenes also filled a good 40 or 50% of the trailer, and scenes with notable actors / actresses like Gerard Butler (who grace the screen in shadows for all three and a half seconds) do nothing but look inconvenient or go all-out over the top with minimal lines, just pull it down with the ridiculous of their delivery. Courtney Love's part is that she looked like an ordinary cock that leans on a door grating around the moon or something. You can not say because he's drunk or tall or just mumbling idiot. Karen Black is just annoying ... laughing at random and screaming in a way that irritates you. <br /> <br /> <br /> Helen Mirren ... it was original and her return to "Caligula" consists of ... "CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALIGULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!" I especially "love" (and love, that is, hate) Ennia's line, "Caligola ... I do not make myself ... something incoherent ..." ... something that seems to be j00nalo It is also arrogant to say that Caligula's four years of reign were greater than the birth and death of Jesus. Frankly, this must be the worst, most exploitative and rather arrogant piece of carp labeled "the art" even if Gore Vidal hated the original Caligula, he should not have looked or given his name for this pile, no matter how much he paid it (unless it was billions of trillion The worst trailer ever.
