This is a bigger movie than the usual Honda director (with more elaborate sets)? although the special effects still have that distinctive feature for them (witnesses of giant bats and rodents on screen). He also uses a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten, who plays a visionary scientist, seems helpless and fragile (but then his character should be 204 years old!), A harmless Richard Jaeckel is the photographer's hero, as the main villains, we receive Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both essentially plains). As I have said many times, I grew up watching movies in English in Italian, but listening to Hollywood actors in Japanese is altogether entirely! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels like a juvenile version of a typical Jules Verne adventure, and is quite fun at that level; Indeed, it is preferable to distinguish between Honda and Monsters-on-the-rampage, due to the inherent charm of this set. Does the plot involve the kidnapping of a famous Romero scientist? he had to settle in the technologically advanced underwater city designed by Cotten (to which the minds of the world are recruited). We are treated with a lot of foolish battles between rival submarines, but the funniest scenes are certainly raiding on Romero's cave? in fact Cotten who does somersaults and struggles with men in rubber suits (through flame and laser emitted from the glove!) you must certainly count as a minimum career in acting; the other old man in the distribution, Romero, is more in his element? after all, he was The Joker in the BATMAN television series and the 1960s movie! Cotten has a blonde physician dressed in a team and is assisted by an Asian, Romero, on the other hand, is flanked by a fatal oriental female? which ends, however, by getting a first offer for her efforts (the face brain is eventually transplanted into a hybrid of lion and condor, one of the most philosophical creatures you've ever seen!). It looks like a set of 2 discs on this media blasters streets this day!
