The main reason people still care about "Carlton-Browne Of The F.O." is that he presents Peter Sellers in a secondary role. But watching this movie to see Peter Sellers is a mistake. Sellers play Amphibulos, a vague reptilian Prime Minister Gaillardia, a British colony that now houses a lot of Russian excavators during the Cold War. Amphibulos wants to play both UK and Soviet interests, for easy profit, "all very friendly and all our books under the table." Terry-Thomas is the titular character, a lazy British diplomat who wants to show Gaillardia that the UK has not forgotten all appearances for the opposite. A positive review here says: "The reason why this movie is considered to be mean because comedy is underrated." I would say that the "Carlton-Browne" motif is considered under the media, because the comedy is nonexistent. After a decent opening that sets only two strengths of the movie, a Terry-Thomas and John Addison's detailed score, things slowly slowly in a series of slow burns and unpleasant jokes of communication. Carlton-Browne's poor opinion of his boss and Gaillardia's obscurity (which no one can find on a map) is being put to death. Until we get to the island (after a series of furious jokes), the expectations are pretty low. Still, they are still too big. The island itself, which appears to exist either in Latin America or in the Mediterranean Sea, is so pathetic that the honor guard is failing at the airport, and the review stand collapses in the middle of a parade. The army seems to be still trapped by horses, allowing another gold-plated footballer, a reporter with thick accents: "In the war, the army uses more horses." Sellers never have a central stage on the island of its character. The complaint is taken over by Ian Bannen as King Loris, who inherits Gaillardie's throne after his father's assassination. Bannen is boring and plays his right side as it is written. Normally, this will make it a likely target for Sellers to steal the scene, but caught behind a thick fat and mustache, Sellers is just a threat to those of us who remember it happier in two other films in the same year "The Mouse That Roaring" and "I'm OK, Jack." Strange that this movie, like Jack, was a Boulting Brothers production, and Roy Boulting as co-director with Jeffrey Dell. Usually, Boulting films combine unpleasant social satire with any comedy, but here's just the faces in every direction. Amphibulos works on his English vibration ("This man is, as you say, the bull on the Chinese ship"), while Carlton-Browne is generally ragged by his superior far more than he seems to deserve. <br /> <br /> The weakest and most prolonged element of the film is the romance of Iorga with the young Loris. Score one point for her being played by ravishing Luciana Paluzzi, docking one for the fact that they are apparently a summer is never approached. The film ends with an inadequate revolution whose surprise resolution will not surprise anyone, and Carlton-Browne's last action that would seem to wrap it literally on glass. He seems to live to see another day, but the movie with the same name is strictly DOA.
