The 7EVENTY 5IVE terrain involves college kids who play a cruel phone game, which unexpectedly (to them, if not to horror fans) they get overhead. The stories of the film "7EVENTY 5IVE", on the other hand, are those of a horror movie that had little promise and which, unfortunately, exceeded the weight of writing very badly. What could have been fun, if to some extent the old fashioned stupidity is derailed by the mistaken creed of the filming, that the audience will enjoy watching a bunch of rich and buzzing children who beat each other for the most much of the game's playing time. With the exception of a police detective played by Rutger Hauer (in a minor role that is primarily intended to add the power of the stars only in the movie), each character on the screen is a race different from the young A. <br /> < Men and women, black and white, heterosexual and homosexual, a whole group of shallow college children wear most of the film's narrative. Worse, since the story deals with a PARTY game crazy, most of the times the scenes are completely filled with these little b ***** ds. For this reason, there are few pauses for the spectator, who must bear the angry rage of the thin protagonists. Even if at least some of these people are supposed friends, invariably all characters interact in a very hostile manner long before the actual occurrence of a real conflict. This leads to the worst possible result in a slasher film: the audience, intended to take care of the rulers, not only wants the anonymous killer, but wants him to have begun to pull out his bare arms much earlier. > <br /> The real shame of this weak character is that otherwise 7EVENTY 5IVE actually had a potential. From a visual point of view, it's good. For the first time, directors Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor know how to build a tense mood. They also manage to deliver a few, even rare, moments of classical gore in the 1980s. Surprisingly, the distribution of production is also quite capable. It is not that actors are not able to express realistic human emotions; it's simply that the script (co-written by newcomer Vashon Nutt and director Hooks, who did much better behind the camera than with a keyboard) has no such moments. 7EVENTY 5IVE can hardly be recommended because its premise and the few emotions can not overcome the bad taste left behind by a story driven by a lot of unpleasant characters. In this cold loop, the true mystery is the reason why anyone should take care of a group of young people who do not even manage to love each other.
