GADGET INSPECTOR (1999) ** Matthew Broderick, Rupert Everett, Joely Fisher, Andy Dick, Dabney Coleman David Kellogg: The new Disney movie, "Inspector Gadget," refers to a a policeman named John, who survives a major accident and is saved by a cutting-edge experimental operation that turns him into a robotic agent like a machine that has tools and contrasts of all sorts incorporated into his body when used when he says "Go Go "just to be called Gadget Inspector! The current structure of the film is similar to the Body Inspector Gadget itself. It is noisy, fragmented, energetic and consists of a bunch of half-hearted counterpositions thrown together to do something that has nothing in common with anything else present. The film is, in principle, a series of zany action sequences, which are a kind of sticking together with characters and an uneven story that only children aged 6-9 years will enjoy. The policeman who is dramatically reinvented is played by Matthew Broderick, who, until "Inspector Gadget", was in a successful party with films such as "The Choice". His character becomes Gadget Inspector after a meeting with the negative character of the movie, called Claw. He is played by Rupert Everett, who has already experienced a catastrophe this year with the terrible "William Shakespeare's Summer Dreams". There is a romantic subplot in this movie, as well as ample amounts of scenes involving the Gadget Inspector has bare body parts and elements of the mechanism. She Gadget and Claw sink over the attractive character of Brenda, played by Joely Fisher, both for her looks and for her knowledge of a specific invention made by her late father, who was killed earlier by Claw. Competition is evolving in battle scenes and a reason for many happenings in the film. Also, a major character is Mobile Gadget, a similar living machine, designed for Gadget inspector himself. It is expressed by D.L. Hughly from the comedy sitcom "The Hughly's". "Inspector Gadget" is a movie I found pretty bad. I know, I'm not even a target audience of the filmmakers, but even my 10-year-old relative found the film to be disliked. The film is full of distinct flaws and obvious problems. I never found myself worried about the characters. There is no development of provisions beyond some opening credits, unlike the much worse 1997 film "Mr. Magoo," which was opened with original cartoon clips. It's too much to ask the same kind of thing in this comedy - which is rarely amusing and not very convincing. The general design of production is nothing more than a mess of incomplete views and consists of a joke: The gaudy gaudy of Inspector Gadget. In movies like this, the audience prays for limits - something to help find out what can happen and what can not. There are no such limits in the "Inspector Gadget". This is nothing more than a party time for actors who have had a lot of fun. I remember another comedie a few years ago called "Blankman," which once again contained a lot of props and energy, and the actors certainly had a fun time with all the gymnastics and the props but did not need anything for each film: public participation. A character I found to be very much left is the daughter of Gadgets, who by the end of the movie has no idea what her name was. It is only used as a plotting device - and asks me how it was used to continue the plot. Because her presence does not bring anything relevant or productive to the film. We never know her reactions to her father's surgery or accidents. This is about someone who could have been completely abandoned and would not have affected the film a little. In conclusion, I would like to say that "Inspector Gadget" is a terrible excuse, insufficient for a children's comedy. And believe it or not, I find myself comparing this film with the last years of violent and very anti-young film, "Blade". I say once more that I had a movie where nothing happens but one in which everything happens. "Inspector Gadget" had so many going to him at the same time, he literally made me dizzy. <br /> <br />
