This film, though apparently a comedy, is seriously deadly. His subject is imperialism (with a capital I): how the UK is trying, ruthlessly and humiliatingly, to convince itself that it is still a great power after the Second World War. At home, the Empire is driven by amiable gifts, benevolent tories, who are so tolerant that they can not distinguish close relatives; Government offices consist of long forgotten archives (a dig to Orwellian paranoia?) Inhabited by indolent rats and ante-rooms in which they felt dull in salons, reading popular novels. Abroad, the UK is clinging to the old pump; but the pump outside the context seems dirty and stupid, especially when it is embodied in buzzers. Carlton-Browne is an unsymmetrical image of the decline, without any of the tear rotting overturning the alleged anti-imperialist crown jewel. The film also refers to the Cold War, courageously acknowledging that it is a dangerous farce, whose participants deserve scorn and contempt, not fear and respect. It is about how colonialism, characterized by negligence rather than tyranny, destroys the colonies it deserts, plundering the elements of comfort, power and, most importantly, self-respect, leaving them vulnerable to the machining of dangerous cowboys. /> It's serious, of course, that it kills her. That does not mean that heavy subjects can not be treated in comedy - Morgan's Creek Miracle, Dr. Strangelove and Brian's Life have proven this. Indeed, it might be suggested that serious themes should be treated only by comedy - it allows a clearer view of the eyes. The problem with Carlton-Browne is that each situation must have a meaning beyond simple comics, so it becomes weighted and unhappy. In the three films mentioned above, much of the comedy results from the reaction of character to an extreme situation, not in the extreme situation itself. Here, the script is too weak to support comic characters and some of the greatest comedic talents he has ever gathered - Peter Sellers, Terry Thomas, Raymond Huntley and John le Mesurier - are criminally lost. -Thomas, sublime so often, shows that he could not handle the lead parts, and that he had to play grandiose arrogant, arrogant, and not forceless forces. Music is made to carry much of the comedy, but its cumbersome irony draws attention only to the lack of hilarity on the screen. (To be honest, unlike most of the British comedies of the period, which were traineeships and underproduction, Boultings often tries to make their points through film, by fitting and composing) Only Huntley manages to raise authentic laughter, and that through essays a a character he could have played in his sleep. None of the Boultings fights have met well - they have never thought enough. Although Carlton-Browne enjoys the decline of the Empire, it seems to be anti-democratic and militarist. I'm sure this was not intended, but these mistakes are bound to happen if you allow worthy intentions to have priority over comic intelligence and film form.
