I grew up with the old cartoon Inspector Gadget as a child. It was like being smart to the kids. Blood of humility can not solve a case and all the work is done by the Brain-walking dog and his niece Penny. I heard that the live movie was decent, so I checked it at the library. I hired this movie for free and I felt I should have paid to see this. Broderick does not come anywhere near the action gimmick that Don Adams has as the voice of the gadget. His voice was entirely wrong. The girl who played Penny did not look anything like the Penny cartoon. She is the brunette where the cartoon version was blond with pigtails. But she does a decent job, considering what she has to do with her. Dabney Coleman offers good performance as Cheif Quimby. Saldy never hid in a weird place or had exploded messages accidentally thrown by Gadget. Mobile gadget was wrong. He never spoke in the series and it happened well. Why did they do that? The gadget was too smart in this movie. In the show he was a complete idiot. Here he had a decent intellect. It would have worked better if it were a moron. He also completely inherited the catch phrase. Borderick says "Wowser". It is and should always be "Wowsers". Sounds a blade without 's'. I was upset when they showed the previews and did not have the correct phrase. Only decent gags were during the credits. Lace for Claw is in front of a support group for hacker / sidekicks recovery. Settled in the audience is Mr. T, Richard Keil, known as Jaws of Bond, a look of Herve Villacheze, Oddjob, Kato and many others. This is the only part I laughed at. <br /> <br /> The other one is at the very end Penny checks the clock on the gadget and tells the brain to say something. Don Adams voice of the dog saying that "The brain is not at this moment, please leave your name to the sound of clay. Of course, this is not laughing out funny, just a nice piece of nostalgia to hear Adams in the movie. should at least have to express the bad car. Children will want this, whoever is over 13 years old. <br /> <br />
