You may want to know in front of me that I am not a Mormon, unlike a large number of those who have already reviewed this film. I say so, so you will understand that the way I look at the film may differ a lot from those in the faith. For some, criticism of the film could be seen as critical to faith - and that is NOT my intention. So, my review is that of an outsider who tries to look inside and find out more about who this man and his people are. After seeing the movie, I doubt if I learned anything at all. Since I have been a history teacher, I have a good understanding of the Young as well as about Joseph Smith, as well as about the teachings of the church. But anyone who wants to see this movie to find out something really will probably be disappointed because the movie looks so beautiful - too beautiful and too unrealistic in portraying it. In addition, they learn practically nothing about the church's beliefs, other than the cute ones, they work hard and some have many wives (and this last part is barely targeted in the film). Instead, people are near the caricature in their simplistic portraits. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angels, non-Mormons were all devils and Brian Donlevy (playing exactly the same role that Edward G. Robinson later played in THE COMMANDMENTS OF TEN) is the one that causes problems and claims to be Mormon, but it just comes so the movie can have a bad guy. Everything is very simple ... too simple. Almost like a film of indoctrination or infomercial. Brigham Young was especially a very complex man - with many good points (an excellent organizer and a visionary) as well as bad (I do not even begin my views on church blacklists or marriage). To describe it so vaguely is simply stupid. It's also very similar to how Gandhi was featured in the movie with Ben Kingsley - only the facts that led to being almost super-human were highlighted. Heck, now that I think about it, this is the problem with most religious films - they often come as one-dimensional, tribune and gentle. Let's have a complete and complete film of these men - one that sticks to facts rather than emotional calls. Now, if you can ignore the fact that you will not learn too much about faith or the second leader, the film is quite pleasant. It's obvious that someone in the movie 20th Century-Fox is really worried about the movie because they had a wonderful premiere of both Premier (Tyrone Power) actors and close actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price), John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had a great shooting spot and plenty of shine. We simply did not have much to say anything except they were "swollen". In addition, there have been a lot of factual errors and some stupid simple scenes. Some of the mistakes include the young man who took over the leadership immediately after Joseph Smith's death (three years later), no mention of the various denominations and breakaway groups Mormon, talked about "California Gold" - even though it was 1847 and gold did not would have discovered until 1948 no specific mention of polygamy or many Smith's spouses. Only scary scenes include Carradine pulling a gun and waving the meeting room in the scene - and no one seemed to care - even if it was a very hostile audience! Do not you think at least the judge will tell them to give up and stop the men's threat with that? A final comment. Do not repeat, do not watch this movie when it's featured on the classic American Movie Classics (a great subway that sank a lot in recent years). While criticizing the film because of its simplistic message, I was terrified by the lack of respect that the church station had and its traditions. What I mean is that. The film was spotted with ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as tons of pop-ups (some who have published a "sexy cast" show). He talks about disrespect and brutality and I would be just as offended if he did this for any other religious film. By doing so, they not only insult faith, but marginalize their market - after all, who hears about these things and about Brigham Young's life? Is it a movie in this form that you can show your children or can you recommend it to others ?!
