Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager directed to Satan (and LSD) by fiancé Richard archaeologist. There is a worship of demons in the old quarter, where Leila and Richard drink blood, paint drugs, join sexual orgies, dance at the psychedelic cliff, and attend black mass ceremonies in which boys wear pants, masks and hats and women wear nothing not at all. Unfortunately, these extracurricular activities have left Leila open to demonic possession of the dreaded "spirit of evil." Leila also comes from a stray family that does not help her either. Her older brother John is a relic who seems to be in love with her. Her mother, Patricia (Maria Perschy), is depressed because she thinks she is responsible for the death of her father. At first, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a professional golfer called (gasp!) Debbie Gibson. There is a lot of help hired around also to lose more time. Two maids (a young man taking off clothes and an old man who spies on everyone), plus Udo (Luis Induni), a bald cheerleader who spies on Leila changing clothes, takes bare pictures and sneaks into the house pool to take a sniff out of her freshly used bathing suit. Oh, yes, and Borg, the German Shepherd Company. Paul Naschy is Father Adrian Dunning, the dubious priest (zzzzz), who begins to wander after John and Richard have their heads twisted in the back. Leila says, "They say I'm perverse and I'll prove it true!" During her birthday party she tells her guests: "You make me sick, I hate you all!" and when Mom suggests that a doctor has a doctor to come over her, she screams: "I do not want to see that fat ass!" Debbie suggests that she links Leila to a "sanitary", but Leila leaks and returns to worship again. She is saved (again) and brought back home (for the third time). By this point of the movie, there are only ten minutes to go and all I've seen is very little boring screaming scenes talking and crying about how terrible and how their lives have been, and how Leila behaves strangely. It's almost as agonizing to sit as a movie by Andy Milligan, minus gore and laugh. But finally, during the last few minutes we get the movie that involves the title - a film of possession like EXORCIST. Unfortunately, the best part is the contact lens that Leila wears. On her arms, legs and face appear short breezes of time, it has dirty lips, and her eyes look like blue and white marble. She starts to lose rotten flesh, spits out some sharp pieces, begins to speak in the voice of her dead father, sneaks into her mother's bedroom, strikes her around her and calls her a "dirty slut of a whore." Father Adrian appears, who ultimately thinks he is indeed possessed, resting his seduction attempts, hallucinations of frogs and eel are in the kitchen, and fill Leila with holy water. The door opens and closes, a mirror breaks, a sudden thunder, and her bed rises from the floor. After dealing with Dunning and the two rolling down the stairs, the spirit is outside of her and guess who? Why, Borg family pooch! The demon dog kindles Adrian and chews him shortly before he hits a fire poker. Then we get one of the most irritating final photos ever committed to filming. Leila is on the floor, going from her hidden look to her sexy, sexy self. But then there is another temporal effect that seems to suggest that the demon has eventually reintroduced her body. It's so bad, you have no idea what to do, which is the last hand in front of anyone who just realized they lost an hour and a half on this worthless POS. /> Screw the contacts, 1 in 10 is.
