The film stays gray for too long. Very little explains as the movie progresses, resulting in a lot of strange sequences that seem to have a deeper meaning, but because of the way to make stories they become just strange and incomprehensible to follow. She forces you to look at the movie again, but I'm not going to do that. It's that I watched this movie in the morning, I'm sure if I watched this movie tonight, I'd be asleep. For me, the movie was like a "Blade Runner" of a poor. The film leaves too many questions and improbes. It makes the film leave a useless and lasting impression. Also, the strange aspect of the movie does not help too much. The film has a half-life CGI / half in reality, but it is not done in half as good, impressive, spectacular and imaginative, as in the case of later films such as Sin City and 300. They have created even half of the computer's characters, which seemed a very useless and strange choice, as the animation of the characters is not impressive. Of course the futuristic environment is still good and the movie was not obviously cheap but its background style and in this case it really is not a positive thing to say. Some of the lines are also absolutely awful and uninteresting. The main god of the film constantly says lines like, "I'm going to do this, but it's not your concern for what I want to do." Just do not say anything, Mr. Horus! It's irritating and a very easy thing to put in the movie if you do not care to explain anything about the plot. Also, the deepest questions and meanings of the film become embroiled in the film and its script. The actors have still done their best. They seemed as though they believed in the project and were confident that what they were doing was something special. So I can not say anything negative about them. The story and the film are far from original. Rip-offs from a lot of classical and semi-classical, more modern science-fiction movies. It is, perhaps, the reason why the film made a very redundant impression on me. A film experiment failed and uninteresting. <br /> <br /> 3/10
