I feel like a genius; I feel like I'm the only one who saw this fake movie. I watched it three times, with a comment, and I got upset about all the close-ups, every time the screen just steals and, worst, I feel the movie never solves anything. Yes, the priest dies, but he did not really feel at peace with the city that gave him such pain or with himself. He and he was an idiot. If it was not about Peter Cowie's commentary, which explains not only the film but also the book it came from, I could not have stomach at all. I like French films, but this is absolutely absurd. The diary of a country priest is filmed in beautiful black and white photographs, but only this can not save this strangely boring. Scenes after the extreme close-scene where the characters do not say anything until the camera cuts off and goes to a black of not making an interesting or relevant story. How this movie has ever become a classic is wonderful of mind: it reminds me more of the New Emperor's Clothing. Yes, Claude Laydu's interpretation is frank and provocative if you are sadistic, but this movie is left empty, because it is generally a poor impression of the Catholic priesthood, which is an ignorant and useless corruption institution. The young priest's triumph over the pride of the Countess is a poor scene, but 90% of the film will pull you down with the introspection and window into the melancholic thoughts of the young priest. This priest is not so confronted with the fact that he is humble, as he simply does. Being unable to speak or understand French, I look forward to doing ENGLISH SUBTITLE to understand the movie. Well, the English SUBTITLE is sometimes impossible to read / read and the text rotates so fast that I could not read much (and I'm not a particularly slow reader - I just finished Dostoevsky in 3 days). <br /> <br /> I wanted to like this movie. I try everything "chosen" by the Criterion Collection and yet I do not understand why, in many ways, this deserves a kind of critical crisis. Nevertheless, I stood in this whole two-hour movie desire to feel a kind of empathy for the main character and not materialize. It just seemed like a victim, not a fighter. And for that, I say he's embarrassed.
