... You can not prevent it because it's old; and if you were charitable, you could say that the crushed walking she's wearing together is not her fault. However, under these circumstances, it is often difficult not to be irritated when you find yourself crawling behind. So it's with "The Pallbearer," an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy, which in this way is largely hamstrung because the place is wrong; a kind of presentation of your breakdancing skills at a grandmother's funeral. <br /> <br /> To expand the metaphor (maybe without wisdom!); like the old lady, begins to feel the film's configuration that his disappearance can not be far. Sure enough, this "death" is agonizingly prolonged, slowly moving towards our reserves of empathy in small small increases, because as depressing we become aware of the fact that the procedures are directed only in one direction: down. His laborious attempts at "humor" can be seen coming a mile away - again, not unlike the deadly inevitability of death! Turn back to the image of "pulling heels", the main character, Tom, is shown to continually repeat this action throughout his life. If there are really "pathetic" degrees, then this dig is possible to be just a few cubicles before Schwimmer's most famous role. Finding yourself in a strange position to align the audience's feelings with a character even more clueless than Ross is definitely a difficult questioner, even as a "capable" comic interpreter like Schwimmer, but I think he can find blaming himself firstly for "echo" situations. <br /> <br /> How will he ever get rid of his most famous portrait if he chooses scenarios where characters might be almost interchangeable, even if the situations are not t? A man with a long-lasting highschool on someone he has not seen for years. Sounds familiar ...? Paltrow is nothing else unless she is immovable in her role as "Rachel," but all of this passing over the old motive would probably be forgiven if the notable differences present were not so incongruous. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so well dressed that it is very dirty and the "background" is so inappropriate that it seems the best way to describe the resulting film as something "rigid" ...! 2/10.
