"A Town Called Hell," a British / Spanish co-production, was made on the calculations of Clint Eastwood's success in the Italian "Man With No Name" trilogy. The pattern used in most of these films was to hire recognized US actors whose careers were largely declining and doubled their voices. This film is no exception, except that some British actors also used it. It's difficult to sum up the plot, but here we go. The story opens with rebels or anything else, led by Robert Shaw and Marin Landau, who attack a church and kill everyone, including the priest. Several years ago, before the city where the Shaw character stands, he pretends to be a priest. The mayor of the city (Telly Savalas) is a brutal leader who does not believe anything to do justice to his gun. She mixes a mistaken Alvira (Stella Stevens) who is looking for her murderous wife. Add to this that he walks around in a dead liar monk as in a coffin because God knows why. After the mayor was killed by his employer La Bomba (Al Lettieri), the city is invaded by a federal colonel (Landau) in search of a rebel leader (I'm sorry, but my name is missing). The Colonel takes over the city and begins to summatively execute locals to force them to reveal the identity of the leader. Even if they opened the film next door, it's hard to say in the dialogue that the Landau and Shaw characters know each other. A blind man (Fernando Rey) claims he can identify the rebel leader by touching his face. He does so and ............................................. . <br /> <br /> I'm sure the directors regretted making this movie. It's simply terrible and well worth my rating of "1" worried. Shaw spends most of the movie fixing his mark on someone who is at hand. Even Landau can not save this movie. And beautiful Mrs. Stevens is wasted here. Just making Peckinpah's "Peckinpah On Hook of Hooks" last year, it seemed strange to me that he would appear in this game of a movie. Savalas made some of these pictures ("Pancho Villa" and "Horror Express") during the pre-Kojak period. Michael Craig is also somewhat like a character named "Paco." <br /> <br /> Fernando Rey appeared in many of these "Westerners", although he would appear to play the villain in the two French Connection movies. Al Lettieri will also appear with a role in "The Godfather" (1972) and will go to other memorable roles before his premature death in 1975. In all honesty, the version I watched ran only 88 minutes later rather than operating times longer than 95 or 97 minutes listed on IMDb, however, I do not see where there would be a difference of 7 or 8 minutes. <br /> <br /> Avoid this.
