This British-Spanish co-production is one of the countless films shot in Spain following the phenomenal unexpected success of Western Italian "Spaghetti" vestiges and, as is typical of such gender efforts, presents an eclectic range of creation and development. International: Robert Shaw, Telly Savalas, Stella Stevens, Martin Landau, Fernando Rey, Michael Craig, Al Lettieri, Dudley Sutton, Antonio Mayans, etc. However, ironically, this incoherent film disorder serves as a brilliant example that most American filmmakers have become a dying race in the 1970s and today is practically (or officially?) Gone. I really wanted to like this movie, not only because the West is one of my favorite movie types but also because they have all the qualities, including an interesting concern, to be a good one - not to mention the the fact that my father bought a printed edition of the news A TOWN CALLED BASTARD after his original rel reliever! As it is, the only virtue of the movie (even if it can be called that) is its absolute eccentricity: for example, Stevens, playing a widow out for vengeance the man who betrayed her revolutionary husband, sleeps in a coffin! around a trolley by her poor servant (?) Sutton; Savalas, as blood-thirsty renegade, who at first seems to be the biggest character of the film, is constantly dispatched by his own henchman Lettieri very early in the picture; the bastard of the play, turns out to be Landau, who, in the first scene of the movie, is seen burying our legendary hero transformed-priest Shaw one next to each other; Fernando Rey, who plays a blind peasant, is the only one who can identify the rebel Shaw, which ultimately turns out to have been just a front for ... well, never! As you can see, the plot is very confusing and it gets more strange from there! The production team responsible for this film was also behind another Western fair in the same time period as CUSTER OF THE WEST (1967), RADUL BAD MAN (1971), CAPTAIN APACHE (1971) and PANCHO VILLA (1972).
