I am amazed at the amount of praise that is being loaded by this film by other commentators. For me it was rather a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasy, and inner troubles of the main character does not work at all (in Vonnegut's book "Slaughterhouse Five" and even in adapting George Roy Hill to the screen it does ). Credibility is often stretched. Too many questions are left open. Do I miss some central points? Or did I realize that the lines that are supposed to link the points? A boy named Campbell, Jr., grows up in New York. At home his father has numerous technical papers and a book. He has pictures of heaps of corpses in him. The boy penetrates through the book, and his father does not like doing that. What should he say to me? The family is moving away from New York to Berlin. BANG. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a playwright. What kind of pieces does he write? In what language? Is he successful? His wife is an actress and looks glamorous. Parents move back to the US and invite their son to do the same. He does not. Why? Because after he grew up in Germany, does he feel more German than American? Because it is successful? Because his wife is? Because he likes life there? Because he likes the Nazis? Because he's just lazy and does not like the change? Do not ask me. Perhaps man does not care, is not interested in politics, is a kind of existentialist. He says he is deeply in love with his wife. He talks about the Second Republic (he and his wife). There is little evidence to prove his love for his wife in the film, much more seems to be a Republic One. At the request of a US agent, Campbell, Jr., agrees to broadcast anti-Semitic broadcasts, the Nazis hates propaganda to American listeners as an encrypted message-forwarding device to American authorities who read across lines. The crucial meeting with the agent on a Berlin park bank is short, inexpressive and anti-climatic, the decision to play comes easily without explanation, ascent to the broadcaster seems to be trouble-free and seemingly quick. /> So now we have Campbell, Jr., showing up in the air as the last free American. The secret message transmission scheme is quite realistic and interesting - though it wonders what happened when Campbell, Jr., really and honestly had to cough, get hiccups, etc. (you must have terribly messed up the messages). However, the Nazis lose, the wife dies (a tour in the Crimea for the German troops - I did not hear such tours really happened on WW2 leading German lines), Campbell, Jr. says he is going to the Russian front, but it does not work, it is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his mug (as it happens?), is taken to Auschwitz, then released and reinstalled with the help of the Crucial Agent somewhere in the city of New York. /> <br /> And this is where the story really begins BANG. From now on, it's like a short story by Paul Auster. He is in 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in the New York apartment as a former and complains his wife's loss. Nobody really cares - or does not it? Yes, in a way, and his neighbors offer some kind of distraction. Survivors from Auschwitz. A painter. Some US supremacy finds him "on him" and want him to be the head of the figurines, and even find his alleged wife for him or his wife? However, eventually, Campbell, Jr., calls the Israeli consulate and necessarily gives him the Crime of Great War, placing him in the cell adjacent to Adolf Eichmann. He writes the story of his life and, once this task has finished, he gets stuck on the ribbons of the writing machine without getting a minimum amount. While I see that there must be a problem of guilt and loss, I have had the impression that the main character is a person who is at all times indifferent to anything and can hardly love anyone. it was hard to sympathize for this freedom, complaining of his loss. Experimentally, many commentators are focusing on his status as a potential hero of war after he put his reputation into play to play the Last American American. Still, however, the film suggests that, by accepting the mission, Campbell created a winning situation, because he would have been politically safe, no matter who won the war. The danger of it being discovered never appears in the first part of the story. One can argue that the whole story is a fantasy dream and that no one should bother with historical accuracy or a logical development of the story that explains everything. But even then he fails to realize, first of all, I suspect, because the love affair of the Republic of Two is collapsing completely. This is a sin, especially if you think the wife was interpreted by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has too little time on the screen and is forced to use an extraordinary German accent. Another aspect neglected in any way are the different texts (confession, broadcasting and hidden messages), but I think this is largely irrelevant. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
