I will keep reviewing this program as short as possible. Move on. Low budget, not funny, brilliant. Action not as bad as writing, but still bad. That's all you need to know, but I will continue to write more than necessary. This is a movie with three segments, each parodying with another type of movie. A more funny movie with the same exact idea is "Movie Movie," with George C. Scott. Very obscure but worth exploring. MM films parodied from the 1930s, and made it with elegance, precision and dry spirit. This movie did not. He parodies three types of movies, supposedly from the late 1970s, the beginning of the 80s, just to parody the movies I have not heard (almost). The first is, I think, a parody of Kramer vs. Kramer, in a way. Peter Reigert does all the best with a dirty script. The second is a parody of his, I do not know what ... a novel by Danielle Steele? I mean, could you see a story like this on Lifetime TV, but in a movie theater? I mean, I remember 70 years, I was there. This is a soap-opera parody about a young woman who gives her power. Typically, these types of things are parodying, so I do not see how this was really necessary. We are somewhat easier with the third segment, "The Municipalians," which parodies the police films. We noticed elements of "New Centurians" and "Harry Dirty", both of them almost 10 years old when the movie was created. Yes, nice and current. Robby Benson plays the role of the young idealist, while Richard Widmark plays the role of a veteran policeman who drinks whiskey while sitting in the police car. irrevocably!) Please note that this was the first "Animal House" movie to be named "Lampoon National". Wow. To go in five years from this classic move to this pile of dung is nothing shocking. I could handle hours about the sad decline that caused hunting and the start of an original voice in American humor (which would be National Lampoon, the original magazine for about the first 10 years) long, slow in a world of crap, where now the magazine is long gone and there is just like a brand name to tap on low-budget "comedy" movies for a fee. However, another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) sucks so badly. Anyway, this movie is a serious sucking time. Do not miss 90 minutes. I want to come back. On the positive side, Fred Willard is in it!
