I chuckled several times during this movie. I laughed aloud during the notary transfer of the margarine company (word game). There are three segments in this movie. The first is supposed to be a spoof of "woman" growing up and releasing career movies. The Tampax® box was the funniest thing in this segment. Most cast members are not listed here on IMDb. They are lucky. Few other people will be able to connect this to the ruin of their acting career. The second segment is a spoof of a "shark woman who sleeps her way to the top and takes advantage of the control of huge movies." Robert Culp has some funny moments, all of the physical humor, including the teachings above. After his character dies, the segment sinks lower and lower as Dominique Corsaire grows and grows. Until she became First Lady, I wanted to break the cable from the TV and see "snow". I changed the Pakistani musical videos. I do not understand the url or any language in which the videos were recorded. It was better than listening to the dialogue in this "painful story." Then came the "Municipalities" with the * big * stars, half of them on the screen for less than a minute: Elisha Cook, Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner, Richard Widmark and Robby Benson. It is supposed to be a doll of "young cops with reinforced substances, who abuse the older policeman who needs retired * stupid * movies. The horizontal block on the police car is very impressive. the old RTD buses, a sign of Shell gasoline and an American sign of savings - no one is around anywhere. "Nagurski" Do not stop wherever you have to get out of the car "made me smile at the moment. boring is the young policeman.Much Back and back about how boring it is It was as boring as the description of how boring it is Nagurski's Law # 4, "Never enter a music store that has was cut with an acetylene torch, "they made me think the music store is a real deal in the place where the dispatcher gave it. The thought of that was more interesting than the gag setting Young Falcone (Benson) is shot. A lot. He becomes a hardened policeman like Nagurski. The segment continues. Again and again. And on. He will not stop. It rolls constantly, no matter how many times you want, it would already have died, so this will end. It is not like that. It continues and continues ... Then the episode "Buffy the Vampire Slayer," which I have seen four times, is already showing up. Thank God! This grueling movie ended while I went to receive the post.
