The facts about National Lampoon are heading for movies, for example, Madness Lampoon National Film: 1. The film is weak even after Lampoon's typical standards. 2. It's not funny. 3. Nobody goes to see a movie. So, after I finished seeing him, I started to wonder why it is called "National Lampoon Goes to the Movies" and why it was ever designed, much less done. It would be like calling American Guy Austin Powers to the movies. How blades. She is not American and she does not go to films. None of the characters in the so-called "satire" of Lampoon is funny, and no one is watching movies, which causes a problem. We hoped it would be something in the spirit of Mystery Science Theater 3000, but it is not. This was Lampoon's first film, after the House of the Animals, though you could not say about the quality of the movie. Poor developed, tough and amateur by any type, induce headaches? it's not a good sign for a 89-minute film that looks double-length. I've noticed a pattern. Are bad movies usually renamed? and this little disaster falls under this category. It has two separate titles - probably to try to promote people too stupid to remember how bad a panning has received from home video critics in 1982/83. 'Hmm, Madness Movie? I have never heard of this movie before! Let's rent it! And then realizing: "Hey, wait a minute, this is just the National Lampoon going to the movies!" She was spoiled by MGM / UA, never be released in theaters or DVDs; it happens occasionally on television a few times a decade, which is just the only place you'll find. Is it divided into three floors? a parody of self-expanding videos, butter and corporate corruption and brutality films / police policemen (I think). The first segment names Peter Riegert (Animal House) as a frustrated guy who divorces his wife and does other things. I'm not sure what, because it was so boring, my mind started to break away. Until the sexual scene arose. Part II refers to an exotic dancer raped by a butter butter (do not ask) who decides to become the queen of margarine so that she can interrupt dairy supply. Ouch! It contains the only funny line in the film: "I just can make love to my son!" If you think it does not sound very funny, are you right? is not. And imagine yourself? is the top part of this movie! Part III is about a policeman who follows a serial killer (Christopher Lloyd) just to lose his nerve and shoot the guy. Does it contain a funny scene, but is it extremely over-acted? only Lloyd really presents any humor, playing his dry and compassionate character, but strangely surrealistic. The part where he chokes his victim and the policeman full of master, observing that everything is unfolding, at least caused a chicot or two. It's a shame to look at such a famous name castrated low standards. Writers in each segment clearly believe they are ironic and intelligent by falsifying so-called stereotypes? the guilt is that the film becomes an enormous contradiction, favoring the T & A standard instead of the plot; raw humor instead of wisdomful dialogue; desperate shows instead of those inspired. It is easy to see that none of the actors were enthusiastic about the material, mumbling their lines, often so embarrassed that they rarely can make eye contact with the camera. The movie is not funny, as I said before. I laughed once, on a single line, and even then it was a half heart. Two giggles, a smile and a very weak laugh. Compared to Madness Film, a number of other decent comedies seem like regular pieces of laughter. I love the National Lampoon's Vacation series (or at least three of the four installments) and the classic Animal House, the latest direct-to-video bombs such as Golf Punks (with that great comedy boss Tom Arnold) why their magazine has come out of print more than a decade ago. It really becomes old, very fast. Sad to see a new movie, called Gold Diggers, is released with the "approval stamp". Is it like you condemn a movie before theaters appear? Perhaps he should start not to publish his name everywhere? Distributor: "This movie is bad, it gets the national stamp of approval, and it will teach you not to do something so horrible next time." Forget the death penalty, just stick a bunch of criminals in take a room and make them look every day for a month Everything is so bad I can not even begin to explain her empty vices I'm giving up.
