Wow. I read about this movie and sounded so terrible that I had to see it, and it seems to me that I feel it in St. Louis. Where do I start? National labels tried to track the success of Animal House after five years, but they completely lost the mark. I'll chronologically go through these short films. Short Film # 1 Poor Peter Riegert (Animal House Boon). Apparently, he did not work then, so National Lampoons boys probably called and said, "Hey, do a movie, do you want to be in it?" Peter was like "okay, do not do much these days, why not?" He was a great side character in the Animal House, but he could not wear this short little flop for 5 minutes. POSSIBLE SPOILER The premise is quite amusing, with Jason Cooper (Riegert) telling his wife leave it, it has to be found. It's so weird that I'm in a happy marriage. So he follows her, there goes, and Cooper deals with the children. This, of course, makes him burn down the house, lose more children, and sleep with a bumper assortment in New York (including a young Diane Lane). Then the wife turns around, wants the children, and the movie ends with a flip that will decide the children's fate. The idea was actually somewhat clever, but the director was embarrassed. All the characters seem to be asleep, they have to be doped. Sorry Boon, your legacy has been stained with this flop. <br /> <br /> Short film # 2 <br /> <br /> MORE SPOILERS <br /> <br /> Enter Dominique Corsaire. Pretty girl, recently finished college, I'm not sure what to do with her life. So she gets a slut, starts sleeping with mega-rich guys, gets her money when she dies, and does not stop until the world's most powerful man, Fred Willard (Ooops, I want to say the president of the United States). Once again, it could have been fun, and although I was glad that Corsaire (Ann Dusenberry in real life) was not afraid to give up all, her act was horrible. What a waste of time. Short film # 3 I can not believe we did so far. Here's Officer Brent Falcone (Robby Benson) with veteran Stan Nagurski (Richard Widmark). Falcone is young, naive, thinks he can really help people, although he gets cynical after being shot several thousand times. Nagurski, indeed, has just given up the care. He pursues stuttering, attacks, you say to him, and never intervenes. He says the world is illegal and will probably be sued if he does something. Even Christopher Lloyd (at the end of the Taxi Round) is in charge of the action, and the police called him to commit a crime, but his lawyer to protect him. God bless America! <br /> <br /> Once again, it could have been funny, the shows were deliberately campy, but kindness, no energy. Henry Jaglom and Bob Giraldi should be ashamed to have their names on this lame. I think the writing was not bad, the ideas were there, but the execution was withdrawn, as well as the rescue attempt in the Iranian hostage crisis. If I were part of this movie, I'd like to get my name out, it's horrible. Then again, that's why I looked at it. The only good thing about this garbage is that Dr. John made the film's score (repeating "We're Going to the Movies" over and over again) and the movie is not much more than an hour and a half. a movie titled "What You Do not Have to Do in Movies." This script should have been left on the shelf, because yes it is so bad.
