NOTE FOR ALL DIRECTORS: Long is not necessarily good. This movie is incredibly long. However, it is not good. Scenes have been drawn the same way, road, road, road, too long. Sexual scenes were not necessary and often too long. The film down to 2 hours and 10 minutes would have been exceptional, but unfortunately it became so boring that I can only give it 2 out of 10. It's far below average. other problems also exist in this marathon. <br /> <br /> 1) Ralph Fiennes plays a whole family tree. The guy who played the grandfather does not look the same as he, but his grandfather, father and son (who gives us a constant voice that is not necessary) are all Ralph Fiennes with different facial hair and the same basic personality with bull. Nobody seems to notice that each of these children looks like a clone of the last, even if their photos are broken at every step. This is minor, but if the film had not been for 3 weeks, it would not have been so annoying. 2) The fact that no news from Germany has been whispered even for the longest time about Jews being rounded up and expelled is ridiculous. A word would have come to them, and the thought of trying to run would probably have been discussed. The uncle in France would certainly have sent a warning to try to make them leave. 3) The love stories in this movie are totally wrong. You spend forever telling us this, and the development of relationships between the main characters is extremely short. Suddenly ... people are in love and almost instantly ... married. Then, having children. Then we take away the six centuries and forget about the development of relationships. This again would not have stayed so long in a 2-hour film, but with time spent nothing was given to us. 4) Conclusion was just bad. I do not want to ruin anyone, but you will never love it ... if you are not a sadic. The director / writer should be tortured to have to look at this bloated litter a week, I want to say endless loop, oops they are the same. <br /> <br /> I wonder if Robert Redford did something for this film, that is, I think Istvan Szabo must shape his career as a director after him. Long-lasting film that completely ruins any substance in the film. A short description of "The Whisperer of Horses" and Sunshine. Sunshine, the perfect title. If you start watching while the sun shines, it will be pretty good after dark when you leave.
