Aaron Spelling produced this thing done for western television, which becomes terrible of plot for a seventy-three minute film. He plays like a seriously failed pilot in series. The beautiful Clint Walker is US Marshal Dave Harmon, who wanders in Yuma, Arizona Territory in time to kill one of the bigwig farmer's brothers who is a trail out. <br /> <br /> Walker takes the other brother to prison. Walker also encounters a Mexican "cute" homeless child who sleeps in jail. One evening, Andres gets dizzy when a bastard and another man dressed in the blue of the army takes his brother on the street and kills him, assuring his murder on Walker. It's not good for the first twenty-four hours at work. Walker visits the local army force and establishes the commander's chains. Bigwig hears the brothers' deaths and returns back to the city in time to hit the chains. The local local population, which is changing shortly by the army on beef, is also in the chain area. With all these stuck chains, Walker still has time to make the owner of the local hotel. The type of army involved in the murder is dead, the local cattle buyer is involved, the Indians are making a lot of hesitation, and the climax provokes an unlikely confrontation because Walker has to show the city that the old catter bought a boss, a person which I suspected was too useful over time. There is a semi-subplot involving the Walker's death in the hands of the army's attackers, and I think this would have been the force behind the series if it had been taken. Instead, the movie ends abruptly and I waited for the scenes from the exciting next week's episode. Due to the fades of non-existent commercial breaks, the rhythm is all along and its story jumps into a phase. Walker is beautiful, robust and has a deeper voice than a spring. The rest of the cast is full of television actors you've probably seen on other television movies. Much of the action is pretty blade, and violence is hot. The first killed brother receives a gun shot in the middle, and falls without a scratch on him. I did not expect "Reservoir Dogs," but this is the wrong movie that should be used to teach children about gun damage! Speaking of children, the Mexican child is moving from here, from "cute" to "anecrhetism that provokes offense" very quickly. If you do not like the Vestiges, then you do not like "Yuma". If you like Westerners, you still do not like Yuma. I can not recommend it. It is not rated, but contains physical violence and violence against weapons. <br /> <br />
