If the term itself had no geographical and semantic significance, we might refer to "Ned Kelly" as "Western Australian." For those down below, Ned Kelly was probably a popular hero bandit like Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. The descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a fugitive and accused after being falsely accused of shooting an Australian law officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was imprisoned. To return to the government for this mistreatment, Kelly, his brother Dan and two other comrades became notorious bank companions, winning the hearts of many rural people, striking a shot in a country where Irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and contempt for those who ruled the country. Maybe because I met this "bandits" scenario many times in the past, Ned Kelly feels extremely familiar and non-original because he pays tribute to any number of gender stereotypes and clichés on his way to unconscious confrontation. Ned is the typical legendary stick, which only kills when forced and even then with the deepest regret. It also has the pulse of the common population, as when, in the middle of a bank robbery, it returns a valuable watch to one of its clients after one of his band has stolen it so little. What movie on this subject did not show a scene like this? They are acts of selective generosity as this, of course, which earns them the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admit anyone who can escape by joining forces - which are the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays the role of a typical law officer, who feels it is a personal queue to bring this robber on the scene that continues to move away with alignment. There is even the inevitable episode in which one of the detained ladies goes to the next room and has sexual intercourse with one of the thieves, so it was activated by the romantic disorder of the criminal lifestyle. And the movie is full of a scene similar to that, after another. Heath Ledger fails to distinguish himself in the lead role, offering little to the substance to make his character either interesting or engaged. It does not help that he was forced to give a loud voice that emphasizes the holiness and claim of both the character and the movie. "Ned Kelly" could serve a genre like a lesson in Australian history, but as entertainment, it's just the same old story with all sorts of accents.
