I heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard cultural hype. As it turns out, the first film of the new impresario Eli Roth is just such an effort so IQ points drop with the progress of the film. There are worse movies out there and certainly more violent (though I'm not sure how the hypermetre has appeared so high in the number of blood for the Hostel, there is a good amount for the fans here). The premise is not necessarily bad, however: the children go to a cabin for a week of parties just to meet a very sick man, covered with blood, which in a panic has lit up. He gets dead in the water that feeds the tank, and soon all the characters give up the virus eaten by one way or another. Characters or college kids (including Rider Strong as a hero, and James DiBello as a side barb) and village people are archetypal to the point of inertia, if not so painful. <br /> <br /> As they meet their fate, the people of the towns are becoming strange and seem to be being thrown together without laughing; "The frying child" comes from nowhere and may have been more fun in another movie or itself, but in the context of the rest of the movie, it just does not work. There is also a young police character who is even more grim and less convincing than the others. And the family that goes after DiBello after an incident has a few possibilities that are not done. But all the time, Roth uses the scenario with the common sense of the window and scary fever and fear, with people hacking each other and a murdering dog around him. Which is not everything for either. Now, as opposed to the smaller or even the smallest Troma horror films of the '70s or' 80s - which I'm sure Roth is a fan of death - does not make him unbearable. It's also smart not to have any explanation for the virus's origin. <br /> <br /> But, unlike these movies, he also does not have a great idea about what he does for the terrible times of time. His movie tries, of course, and only once or twice makes him a bloody and bloody time (I felt like a random bunny that Strong sees while he is on gurney). It's not even a very poor shot (though with your own choices of style that you've made with the red eye or that story with the bowling alley worker). It simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices made (shake your legs with a deadly, uh-huh virus), and it's aimed at a fairly typical plot. If this is a cup of tea, more power for you. But in the end I realized that it is a genre of exceptional gender that does not offend the sensibilities of Saw's public, but does not bind to the fence either as a smart film B. Roth also has the temptation to ending the movie in a real-world note about "what-to-hell," while the man at the Santa Claus shave shop at the beginning of the movie serves a bunch of black people. It could work if he would have pursued something better or if he would give up altogether. The same can be said for a lot of film. C-
