The Cabin Fever premise begins as if it could have something to offer. A group of adolescents after the final (in autumn?) Goes to a forest resort cabin where one by one is attacked by a virus that does not eat meat. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any remote movie quality stops. The Fever cabin is a bit more than college kids looking for sex, drinking, talking about nothing, and seeing how many F bombs can get in 1:40 minutes or how much this mess is. <br /> <br /> Children act and react badly to everything around them. One of them, for example, discovers that the skin virus has infected its feet, so what does it do? She continues to shave her legs without the need for medical care for her injuries. The scene is slightly more than a thick one. In another scene, Rider Strong in "Boy Meets World" is bite by the hand of a rifle who says only "Pancakes" and likes to make karate kicks to those who stand by him. If you realize the reason why the "Pancake" was included, I'd love to know. However, the Rider feeds a wild dog and goes to wash his bite hand in a most likely contaminated brook. Another child likes to give up F bombs to react to everything surrounding them and to shoot the squirrels. Why? Your opinion is as good as mine! Rider Strong is the only child with any recognition in this movie. He tries to calm people in the middle of the cry and the guy and F *** Y **! bombs that people throw around. When the children do not shout, have or talk about sex, or speak fools to other adult characters, who are even more (if possible) idiot than children! The idiot policeman with an IQ of 60, at most, may be one of the worst jobs I've ever seen in a movie. You talk about people who do not play with a full package, this dork does not even know how to find the cards! LOL! I was like, "Do you worship already?" Makes the child's actors look genius! The only part I liked was Rider's frightening story (although it was a gorilla) about the derbeded guy with bowling alleys. In interviews, Rider said he has a great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to go a little more than shock and gore. There are too many bad things about this movie for Mr. Roth to get any credit. I'd like to agree with the Rider and find something full of love about this movie. Maybe the autumn landscape at first? In fact, Rider Strong JUST saves this movie from being a 1! We hope he has been compensated for this junk!
