I hired and watched this movie for the first time on DVD without reading comments about it. So after 15 minutes of watching I noticed something is wrong with this movie; it's terrible! I mean, in the trailer it looked scary and serious! I think Eli Roth (the director) thought that if all the characters in this movie were stupid, the movie would be fun ... (So bad, is it funny ...?)! You should watch and learn from horror comedy such as "Fright Night", "The Lost Boys" and "The Return of the Dead"! These are funny! "Cabin Fever" is why I registered at www.IMDb.com to release my thoughts of dissatisfaction. decided to watch the movie a second time> AAARGH! <and make notes for my partial review to show how silly the movie is. "Resident Evil" or "Dude, where is my car?" (comedy) I can always see and again and enjoy! But this ...! How bad can a script and a director be ??? This is bad. Here are awful scenes in chronological order: in early scenes we see Henry, who does not realize that his dog is on the ground, with the tongue hanging from his mouth and staring at the dead eye! The film does not explain anything about the long-haired blonde child who likes to bite people. And my answer to Marcy's unanswered question ("What's wrong with the forest?") Is "nothing." The script has that bearded guy who warns them about the forest just for "suspense." Then the "smartest" of the 5th package, Bert, almost gives us an example of how to start a forest fire. He meets Henry, infected now, who asks for help, and hence the movie wants to break the recording using the "F-word". Bert starts to scare himself, because Henry is sorry. Bert: "Do not make me shoot you!" (he forgets to add: "... with my BB gun!") Bert returns to the cabin, but how about that? He meets Marcy and Jeff, who have sex, but now he suddenly decides to go out for a walk! Marcy wisely throws up the unrestrained gun that Bert has begun (a moment of clarity for a change?) Bert does not mention a word about Henry, because the fool thinks he killed him with BB's gun. > Later, as Five Ependidos sit around their campfire, another strange appears with his dog. (Maybe it's about the forest warning? Is it strange ... and their dogs?) They let him stay with them just because he has a huge cannabis bag. (Their brain is completely intoxicated! No wonder why they are so dumb!) This is the last time we see this character forgotten ... alive! Henry appears at their booth, (NOTE: He always lied a few meters from their cabin) looked worse, almost like a zombie, covered in goo! He says he needs a doctor. But the young Einsteini refuses to help the poor suckers. He enters into their unlocked truck, which, of course, also has the key in the ignition. Henry seems almost clever enough to get the hell out of there, but he starts to swell blood overboard, chairs and windows. Fantastic Five is running in the running, armed with: a BB gun, a knife, a baseball bat (* huh? Have you ever tried to play baseball in the middle of the forest ???), a poker and a spray (insecticide? fighting against the man alone, unarmed and ill. (smart script!) Bert manages to kill the car with one shot of BB Gun, which is only possible in the mind of director Eli Roth. "What else should I do?" Bert yelled Jeff and Paul are trying to beat Henry down with their stick and poker, but to miss the windows of the truck. "Henry turns to the stupid girls who say," He comes to us! "(Thanks for I do not think he wants to do you any harm!) Marcy sprays in his eyes, making Henry feel good! And our "hero" Paul touches Henry's arm with a burned diary from the camp fire they had left without care while burning while they were inside the cabin! (Where did all the wisdom disappear? I think cannabis began to count!) :-) Henry turns to The Torch Human and flies screaming. The next day, Bert and Jeff's head for a mechanic. And Marcy decides to "go for help" alone in the woods when Paul stays behind with Karen ... Does not it sound so idiotic? Marcy could have stayed with Karen and Paul because Jeff and Bert were already "helpful"! I ignore my comments now as we suddenly see Marcy in a CANOE marrying a giant river and wrapping it! How did you get a canoe? Does he even know where he is going? Anyway, he goes to the bank of the river and finds a very large cabin and apparently abandoned, and, like in most horror movies, he enters the cabin, saying, "Hi, is there anyone there?" Bert suddenly appears behind a furniture and scares her (and I start at the beginning). And Jeff is coming along. How did they get here? Did they swim across the river ??? See how stupid the scenario is! Deputy Winston meets Paul in the cabin. He does not even notice the blood on their truck. This happens in about 35 minutes of viewing and I decided to stop more from torturing and I took out the DVD. (Before I get my eyes! ... Now that's funny!) If you liked this movie, do your favor and watch "Night Fright", "The Lost Boys" or "The Return of the Living Dead" . Then you will see that they are more fun than ... this thing. Even "Toxic Avenger part 2", which is also a bad movie, is more fun than "Cabin Fever".
