I do not really know if Cabin Fever should be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know it's much closer to being a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the horror film community decided to take a new step and entertain the genre, giving rise to the Scream series. A Scream list was provided, about all the stupid things horror characters would make predictable, and the Scream characters did exactly the same thing, which brought a lot of humor and irony to this gender analysis and led to the hope that horror movies would look a bit different, be it ironic to gender, self-sacrifice to the movie itself, or at least different in their dramatic process than all the "old" movies that responded to the same tired criteria. Seeing "Cabin Fever," many will see how unintelligent, serious, demanding, boring and even scary are some "terrible" movies, even a few years later. First of all, this film has no originality in a way that few people do. It has been said many times, how little horror filmmakers have today, remaking remakes of foreign sequels, but setting the film in a cabin in the forest simply does not seem to be a "homage" to anything, it just seems to be a ripoff. Anyone who wants to be surprised by other filmmaking factors will not be: again, we are dealing with a movie whose characters are all in the early 20s, who will not think rationally when placed in front of a problem he was struggling for hours and struggling rather than trying to think and do something about it. Not too much enthusiasm. For the second time in a horror movie, they are tempted to kiss, make love, and basically have fun, all sorts of things they do not do otherwise than any other victims of horror films previously seen. Secondly, this movie is not of any great importance. Every situation in which the characters are, in each dialogue, every situation in the film is treated with such seriousness that any spectator with a small sense of derision will be released when some characters eventually end up dying. Nothing in the way the movie is directed, written or acted shows any sign of humor or sarcasm, which is quite amazing considering that the movie is about an invisible virus that has never heard of meat (not laughing). I will not even act on the scene because there are no actors in this movie. The cast was certainly committed to being friends or neighbors with the director. Third, and this will hit someone who has ever seen a "good" horror movie, the script is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions are repeated many times ("Let's try to get help!"), Nothing makes sense either in facts, in the psychology of the characters or in the last succession of the hilarious movie, it should to be fun, according to the director and screenwriters. Finally, I will only notice that a horror movie should have something scary in it. False blood gallons, whether spilled, broken from separate limbs, or simply dripping from wounds, were not enough to scare an audience. Such major characteristics, such as scenario, ideas and even cruelty, are required for anyone who claims to have shot something scary. If I did not think it was a total failure, I would agree to think the film has one talent: it is disgusting to be looked at. However, being jammed and scared are two very different feelings, let it be known. I would like to encourage anyone who is curious or interested in seeing this movie to first check out horror movies of major horror, why not in the 60's, 70's, 80's Wes Craven's films, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... what is terrifying or dreadful, but convinces spectators that "new" is not necessarily "better". A good example of the film is the composer sang by Angelo Badalamenti for this film, although it is almost undoubtedly his previous compositions, are under everything he ever did before.
