Moral equality. Writers who use characters like mouthpieces to speak for themselves. Predictable, plodding plot points (say five times fast). Imitation of a child by Britney Spears. This film has all the signs of a special rejection for life. I think I honestly believe that Jesus Nebot and Julia Montejo have tried to create a touching and emotional film on a rough subject, exploring the idea that things are not always black and white, that the one who is criminally by definition is not necessarily a a bad human being, and there may be mitigating circumstances, especially when someone puts a child's well-being first. However, their seriousness ends by being redirected into the sermon dialogue and in tribal situations planted to move the parcel along. Valuable production values ​​and the interesting use of documentary film imagery are not enough to reach their goal when scenario and acting collapse. Logic is often compromised for the sake of stresses: Soid first attempt to blackmail Pablo to attend her documentary in exchange for help to escape, then in the same motion, he says do not trust it because it helps to get rid of altruism. Well, spirit. And for a man on the run, Pablo is too much influenced by a temper temper. Cristina's welfare is so important to him that he escapes from capture and imprisonment or deportation for her, but is willing to risk everything he can do to calm himself when he does not want to go to Mexico. Right. Talk to over-permissive parents above. Third, when Charlie's Pablo's employer gives Detective Bright's phone, he's remarkably unprofessional, especially because of his age - did she really believe? Oh, yeah, I'd be back. Detective CW Pounder Wims could wipe the floor with her. To be fair, I would like to mention the things that I liked. I liked the cat. And I loved the fact that the cat was called Sexy. There is cross clothing, always a plus; young dressing, no less! Harry is infinitely cuter than Cristina. But my favorite moment in the movie should be when Cristina hits the not-so-bright detective. I also find it interesting that, in a very minority distribution (which I greatly appreciate, by the way), the black character is the racist. Too bad it's just thrown there and has not been explored yet. There is a distinctive, unconventional score, but is generally nonspecific, does not improve mood or tension in any scene, except for mournful mournings whenever the main character is in pain, as though I think his act does not shows enough: "Only if you were not sure is angry and we have the musical clues to prove it." <br /> As a result, the clustered dialogue results in a depressing lack of subtext; everything needs to be clarified in dialogue, even when body language has been exalted until it has transmitted it well. For example, every passionate speech Pablo makes and Mrs Knight's complaint that her child will not crawl in bed with them in the morning. "Papi, tell me once again about Mother" - shameless, blatant exhibition introducing the generic dead wife! (It is always the most beautiful woman widow had ever seen, the best they had ever known. Why can not we see a man crying over a woman like Shakespeare - may be fat, ugly, unpleasant, but her love for it is deep in the ocean? Now it's a story that will move me.) Police, being always one step really behind them, offers numerous scenarios the feeling of a French farce. Most boring legs - Bright and Lightning are so out-of-form and slightly tricked (certainly not as fast as the lightning, and she, well, do not feel the need to write something). A guy pulling along a small baby who goes over a bicycle policeman, complete with a moto biker taking a fight, but then was thrown by a child? To quote Margaret Cho, it is so sad. Have we ever seen this on "cops"? <br /> <br /> Hackneyed and over-the-top deus ex machina: As an employer, would you really give up verifying your green card just because he can quote the inspirational author say on a poster behind your desk? Plus a few scenes, including the above, threatens to become porn "Well, I will do this favor for you, as long as you do something for me ... I can almost hear bowm-chicka-bowm-bowm. When parents see cinematography remorse of Pablo, extravagant mother touching is the real one feels the film. Unfortunately, this is mitigated by the fact that it looks entirely influenced by his speech emotionally until she goes ballistic. a more ambivalent would be more convincing here I am constantly amazed by the stupor of the main character who does things for the sake of plot: owning a convenience store without a mask, visiting the deathbed of the dead girl and why she does not recognize her mom when saw it before she left? "They seem extremely familiar ..." What is the purpose of that totally useless scene, somewhat free of charge with Soid and the artificially improved bartender? the character of the TCH. Too little, too late. Speaking of unnecessary traits that have never gone, Detective Lightning, saying that skeptic detective Bright must be a Scorpio, shows how little he really knows about the occult. And I do not think faith in fate qualifies as much as voodoo mumbo jumbo. At the end, when Bright holds Pablo when he dies - wait, why does he take care now? Her character is as inconsistent as Soid. What, you have to shoot him just because he said "Stop or I'll shoot"? (She took care of her integrity so far). He was unarmed. There was no need for lethal force. What's wrong with his shot in the foot to immobilize him? Finally, Cristina's acceptance of her mother's death by giving Dr. Knight peace over her daughter's death - so forced. And the nature of the family whose child was murdered becoming Cristina's new family ... She bothers me that it could be a "replacement" for their little girl. It is also unrealistic that a white couple would take to the Latino daughter of the man who murdered his daughter. I'm not saying they are not generous people, lovers who would do that. I'm just here that the characters are never developed far enough to believe that they would do so. I find it offensive that another IMDb commentator said that, of course, as a woman she was moved by the sappy scenes. I am a woman who reserves my emotional movements for moments that do not sentimentally demand in a fabricated fashion. Co-writer, co-director, co-star Nebot said he was wearing too many hats during this production. Too many chefs can spoil the soup, but a single chef might end up doing a special school. In conclusion, the title of this film has less to do with the story and more to do with the sense of regret, helplessness and loss that accompanies the revelation that you will never see the money again.
