Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original horror threads of 1995, "The Fear" will find more disappointed in this bad little sequel. It's kind of a similar plot, but it's impossible to connect to the original, except for the presence of Morty, a wooden mannequin. Here's a brief overview. Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent interpretation) confesses that his father brutally kills his mother and then takes his own life, Mike still suffers from the fear of that day. In the hope of removing fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a bunch of friends to his grandparents' house. His plan is for all to dress in costumes that represent their fears and then to expose their fears to the Morty manikin. According to an Indian friend, this process should magically remove fear magic. What Mike does not know is that Morty is possessed by his father's spirit and is trying to kill his friends ... or even does Mike commit the crimes himself? Who cares? <br /> <br /> Have a few problems with this movie. The first is at Morty. I thought the original made Morty look pretty convincing. This time, it's obvious that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake costume. This can be seen especially in early scenes, where Morty must still be inanimate, but if you look closely, you can see it blinking. Another problem is that most characters do not try hard enough. Some of them, namely Betsy Palmer, on Friday 13th, who was excellent in this film. But most of them do not make the effort or have not had the chance. Finally, there is the killing. The opening scenes involving sharpening crimes were very convincing. Actually, when I saw them, I thought I did a good movie. When the film reaches the second half of the movie and killing really starts, it all collapses. Death is either uncreated, unseen, or foreseen (shots of the next scene, when Currie has an interruption). A character dies in the end and no one, including the viewer, even ads. While there was a need for more characterization at the beginning half, it was not too bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Angel has reached this point and he really did not know how to shoot violent scenes, so they turned out to be really careless and pedestrian. No crazy end does not help. So if you have not really loved the original and enjoyed slim fragments from under the skin, you should probably give up "Fear 2: Halloween Night." Zanatos' score: 4 out of 10.
