Sometimes you have to see a bad movie to appreciate the good ones. Well, that's my opinion anyway. It will always be in the bad movie category, simply because Shu Qi's performance was terrible. Martial Angel tells Cat (Shu Qi), a professional thief who has stayed right after leaving his lover, Chi Lam (Julian Cheung) two years before. But her past is back to haunt her as Chi Lam is kidnapped for the re-purchase of Security Software belonging to Cat Company. To rescue him, she calls her old friends from her orphanage days, six other sister-in-law women to save her day ... I probably told my synopsis, but it's a cheesy story. In fact, the entire script and direction were of no quality. Much of the dialogue was meaningless and coupled with a plot that was as thin as the rice paper in the water. If I could sum up, take a bad film Jackie Chan, get the comedy, remove the choreography, throw the budget and have Martial Angels: a formal piece without imagination. <br /> <br /> I was thinking that I had to give credit if the credit was due and Shu Qi was probably the only person who came out of terrible action because her performance shone. Okay, you can not say it's excellent - after all, she had absolutely nothing to do - but she managed to dig a character out of her role. Besides, only Sandra Ng and Kelly Lin made another impression - though they were mostly light and very short. Elsewhere, the movie just fell into pieces. Scenes and dialogue were completely unnatural and unbelievable; special effects were obviously made at cheap prices without trying to clean the edges between people and the mask of the blue screen, inappropriate editing involving many discontinuities in battle scenes, room angles which were elementary and unplanned, and the direction I had seen better from a lost dog. I think this movie was a too much chef business. Most likely, the budget was rejected by the enthusiasm of having seven children on the same silver screen. That left nothing else. Honestly, the way this movie was made was like a porn-free porn movie. Charlie's Angels, it's not. In fact, while sisters can do it for themselves, none of them was really obvious here. Sure, let's forget.
