This lifetime film takes a middle-aged divorce who ultimately struggles with genre back to new depths of cartoon-like absurdity. Here, the 40th was the wife of a successful lawyer (college daughter) begins a new life after divorce, helped by a female colleague in opening a new clothing store as a kind of expansion business in the franchise. She even started a friendship with her attractive architect / gardener, a little smaller, probably the youngest (black). But then horror of the horrors of middle-aged women, another 20 something woman she took as a tenant to leave a room, to start "taking over" her life. What this new young woman threat really makes is easy to flirt with the gardener and give her a glass of wine that * tickled * really belonged to the divorce! It runs utility bills by not overturning the thermostat !! And he supported the toilet! bad in the refrigerator And hanging pieces of African art in the living room and so on Maybe she killed the cat Yeah, well, the extent to which he does these things is pretty bad but more than a little ridiculous , especially as it turns into a campaign. The reality of the character is that any small part of this would lead this particular crazy woman. (So ​​why hired the room - and horror of the horrors, a much younger woman?) Probably this younger, more arrogant woman (natch) has an anger to control the confiscation. And something courageous must learn to fight against this evil thing (and warmly erotic, of course) something. But this is the problem. Whenever 20 things start to appear in trouble, it uses its power - and just flirts or has sex with a guy and gets rid of consequences. (Well, there is actually something for this ability to look good 20 somethings. It simply is not * generally * used in this way quite the same.) The premise is moved along the device by the 20 things that convince divorce to formalize her room rental offer with a written rental contract produced by her. Of course, the 40 things do not know about these things, and the twenty have helped. Rental gives the young woman equal rights to the whole house during the rental period, with utilities thrown at the fixed price. Even if an evacuation procedure is soon on hold, soon, 20 will receive a temporary restraining order against the older woman, probably because he threatened something. You know, the judge is sympathetic to all the pain from you. Finally, it will resume the "heroic" 40th battle for the house, then start. Woop! The only realistic or perceptive thing in this film is how TROs (or orders of protection) are terribly easy for women to refrain from anything but they do not say so - although they are generally just that easy against men. They are sometimes just as unjustified and just as motivated to take advantage of the control of a home as it is here. Indeed, friends who have moved with their friends can often take them out of their own home or out of the country without any proof, but only a claim that is not grounded in threats and sometimes without even hearing his side. Even when a hearing is heard, it is usually impossible to waive the threat claims (to prove a negative) when the burden of proof is on the accused, rather than on the accused. (This is one of the only areas of American law in which it is true - and it is an exaggerated signal of feminist overcoming and the failure of any organized group to resist the vapor park.) Of course, this is unlikely to be the subject of any Film- throughout life in this life. The basic absurd premise of this film is based on the explanation that something is psychotic and does not take the medicine. Even so does not make sense. She is not after the former successful lawyer husband, though she does with his help (to the ex-wife's anger) in her search. She is after the CASA (technically, to drive the divorces from her during the rental period). This second younger woman is after everything left after divorce, after the affairs with the other twenty sleep STOLE her husband! (The former husband seems to be untouchable and practically solicitous after his theft - no matter, he's still lost!) The protagonist is pretty good looking for her age. But her perspective, attitude, and focus are so mind-boggling, deprived of imagination or the power of life that it is impossible to care for her. Well, a basic group of Lifetime fans takes care of, I think, judging by the average score given by the small number of chroniclers. (I continued to look at her just because she was so bad and the caricaturist had an appeal to the camp. I could not resist seeing how far she would get.) ** Spoiler ** (if so work is possible with this movie). Well, here's a clue. The film ends with getting one thing that has escaped from prison, promising to "listen" to the third man and sometimes to his lover, "do what he says" and "to continue taking his medicine ) and then deceive him and return to CASA, where he climbs up the stairs with a knife, pursuing in a demonic manner something that dominates him, bathing in the candle light, confident in the thought that the younger woman is out of her life.There is a fight - and the 40th wins my mother - by sticking the 20 something with a hypodermic needle full of antipsychotic drugs that she found.He then begin to comfort him, Mom like the two women have a moment of solidarity of bond and feminine! How sweet.
