Steven's friend, remember when you said this: "Try to find the least resistance and use it without harming others. Live with integrity and morality, not only with people, but with all beings." <br /> <br /> You did not do that, you hurt fatal fans and your morality with these "movies." I would not mind even if I did not know you were much better than that, I saw the videos you you taught me, you're a lot better than why why the brother why ... ... the vapor steam production was filled from the board I promised I'm not afraid of you I'll tell you the truth on your face , so we can fix it. I love that others have slept 90% in, but to be fair I was tired and I had a big meal one hour before the Sensai hand, what are you doing? 12 million? really? you have any idea what we could have done with $ 12,000,000. It could have been a hit in the theaters if you wanted to give us money from the huge profit of a homeless shelter or something else. These post-production people isolate you from the human, the choreography does not exist, we can do better, the blinking eye was from the men in the black movie, I was half expecting to come or come see Jones telling you that they were garlands, not the eyelids. <br /> <br /> Seagal is an Aikido Master, why are you doing this for us, for us? when you came on stage, you had such a fresh, direct style, and it was obvious that you were a teacher, because your movements were so clear and clear, they were watching the first three films, I felt like you had taught me something, you feel like you're just stolen or something that I feel like saving your buddy, this time you're the one who was killed and I'm going to get revenge to help you make the best movie ever. brother know who you really are, I know the truth about Nico. let's talk. contact me man I have fresh ideas I'm a ripper picker, I swear you will not be disappointed with my attention to the details and we will do it for the fans, your fans deserve better, we are hanging but the thread is about to hit. I swear I will not let the movie go out to the door with one mistake in it I'm still trying to figure out if it was the worst doubling ever or laryngitis but I promise I can make a better impression on you than the lame * *** who did not even try. I hope you hit him with the walnut as his pay. can come up with a story and a plot that can be appropriate to avenge your pupil's death / daughter / wife / dog / herb house and I promise to bring you back, I also promise I want to go the direction that makes people think, if you let me promise that we will make a movie that people will remove and discuss about it, a serious challenge, perception changing experience. <br /> <br /> Steven Seagal This is my author in writing permission for IMDb to release my contact information to revive one of the best martial arts heroes I have ever seen because I do not It's Italian, not Irish and Jewish that you call evil acting acting terribly acting, because you've been thinking for 20 years that Seagal is Italian :) kind of change your perception not him.
