The attack force has a terrible title and can certainly be judged by terrible cover, because the movie is horrible! A plot of plot plot, a messy mess and a staggering rhythm make the movie hard to watch until the end. I have done this and I am proud. Being a fan of Seagal's work (most of his old age), it's painful to see him in such a tribute. Seagal's latest films, which had their latest films, suffered a lot, but some of them had at least some redeeming features. The force of the attacks is a mess. From conception to delivery, this film has undergone numerous changes, from a foreign plot to the current one, about a super drug drug to be unleashed by the Romanian (the film has several settings, none of which one is not Romanian, it looks like Romania because I'm in Romania!) population. The film is attached with little respect to the situation where the original shooting scenario was. Plates and free ends are abundant in the movie that is safe. It was a problem in Seagal's last films, but the result was never so boring. There is a whole line of plot about the water supply that is poisoned with CTX (that's the cold name of the drug) that is never solved! Of course, in recent years, the plot was not the main draw in the Seagal canon, so there was a great deal in the other departments, especially the action. Before looking at the action, all other departments are inadequate. The direction is weak, or perhaps better, made to look poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally intended this movie? Between the end of his job, Tom Delmar stunt man's stunts and editing, a coherent automatic vision is completely lost. The best way to describe the movie is that it's just everywhere in the store! Cinematography is boring, close to sleep induction, while the wandering score (sounding as though it was produced at the cheapest cheap synthesizer) does nothing to excite things. The distribution is too weak, it can not save anything here. Seagal seems bored beyond recognition and is called in much of the image, clearly when plotting points change. It seems tired and overweight and lethargic, unlike previous photos (remarkable, as the above mentioned were key complaints in Seagal's recent photos). The only shared member is Adam Croasdell as one of the bad characters, making a British routine. It seems to be a return to the alien plot line, because it interprets it inhumanly. It seems to be a cross between a body snatcher and a vampire (as opposed to the lead thief played by a hot chicken that occasionally appears, apparently waiting for her husband Dracula). Finally, the action. Well, he's poor. Very conceived, badly shot. And there is not much, and Seagal even less. Stevo does not really bring the double double here because there is so little to do. There is even a long (repetitive and boring) action scene on the hour mark that occasionally intersects with a little shine on Seagal's stand, because Seagal was not there while the scene was shot and wanted to present it in the movie scene action. Seagal eventually appears in person to shoot two boys in the head. Seagal has here a producer credit and a script credit, but from what I understand the film has been changed behind him in his current state. Seagal will not work again with these people or with Castel Studio who continues to deliver horribal sub-Nu-Image (that says something) material. Generally, this is one to avoid if you are not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be safe, given that the big man probably will not want to do anything again this bad. Unfortunately, his next film, which has already been shot, with the same people, promises to be worse than that. *
