From what I can understand, TIW WATCHER is the first work of a young director. My doubts are whether it's an ordinary guy who happens to love movies or whether it's the work of a movie student, as there is a reference to the Oporto Arts School in the final credits. <br /> <br /> However, director Ricardo Pinho demonstrates with this film a total ignorance of some basic notions about cinema. What is a movie? How to tell a story? It does not matter to the novice director. One of the first things you learn at school when studying cinema is how to tell a story. You learn that, like in novels, in movies, you should build your story in three acts: introduction, development and conclusion. Find out that your story should have a protagonist and an antagonist and that there should be a climax. Find out that this is true for a 3-hour period, for a regular movie, for a short film, and even, I think or not, for a 30-second creative. You also learn that there are levels of subtlety in approaching the academic structure and that, eventually, you can even deconstruct it. In raw terms, TIM WATCHER introduces our main character and then the movie ends - the whole movie sounds like the introduction of the characters in AMÉLIE Jeunet. There is no second or third act in TIM WATCHER. This is not a parody or art film, so you can not even try to justify your lack of respect for the academic structure. You will expect to be told a story and it does not happen. Worst than that, TIM WATCHER is defined as a warning; and one without a real purpose. It has no point, or at least it is not valid. Its point is childish, with a feeling of revenge. The portrayed situations are absolutely simple and their approach is Manichaean. I was expecting much more of this short. The movie opens with a sequence of credits quite well and you realize quickly that you look at something with better production value than the traditional Portuguese film. I do not know the budget for this film, but judging for the list of thanks in the final credits, merit must go to the production team for such good connections in a country where it is difficult to open doors for young filmmakers. > <br /> TIM WATCHER seems to be an exercise in style, color and carefully chosen plans, combined with a good score. That's all. Nothing else. There is no plot. And that's a shame because it feels like a waste of production values. Few, you can see in the usual Portuguese languages ​​such a variety of locations and so many extras available to enrich a story. As absurd as the comparison, I should refer to BMW pants as a good example of how you can tell a good story in a very short film conditioned by product placement and elegant cinema on top.
