I rented this because I am a little tired of the 80's programming and obviously I saved a lot. I have nothing against any of the actors and for their credit, they do a good job, but this show is flawed from the premise. <br /> <br /> We have a character that is antipathy. He is full of defects, not illuminated, and a complete villain on a good day. However, the reason why anyone should take care is not there. While creating an American comedy series centered around a complete Bullheaded Donkey is revolutionary and full of potential, it simply is not fulfilled here in this show. Most of the secondary characters are not full of abbreviated characters, but rather sad stitch bags that want public empathy to be boxing bags. As in any sitcom, they are the ones that make it most normal for the audience to refer to, and in doing so they deny the main character to such an extent that we will see Bittinger being himself and to affect people and they just sit there because .... Why? There is no reason. Any normal person would have left the abuse. Keeping them there for no real reason - even the really incredible one given by Joanna Cassidy in a very special 2-part abortion episode, which has its own major problems - is where the show is just breaking down. To simply believe that people are dealing with this guy because they are told to have a golden heart is not related to the reality of the situation. Otherwise, this is not even dramedy. This is a seriously built, conceived and executed premise that took a few moments, but generally met the fate it deserves. Someone had the courage to go out and make a very good idea, but the execution is so dangerous that it looks like a strangely version version of Jerry Springer's show if someone is abused by this tyrant that we should root because we are told. A show of this kind requires a bold touch that the actors here could easily have provided, but somehow they do not. And this is a fatal error that really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Believe yourself in an early stage show. Regardless, the show deserves a watch. But he really was wrong when he tried to turn his attention to the stars and did not make the whole business what he could have been.
