Going down as the most expensive film in Finnish history, so far, "Dark Floors" is a horror movie with a highly Lynchian narrative that tells a growing number of "Floors" (quite ironic) In an abandoned hospital, the protagonists are captured. Driven by a daughter with autism and her father, himself disappointed with the apparent lack of medical progress in hospitals with his daughter, she heads to an elevator who is debating the problem with one of the hospital nurses. Accompanied by a security guard, a businessman and an apparently intoxicated tramp, the team soon finds the abandoned complex, but they are not alone. Directed by Pete Riski, born in Finland, better known for his television, "Dark Floors" is filmed in English using mainly English actors, but has the notable inclusion of Finland's most famous "Lordi" group, that is, in the monstrous costumes on stage, as film antagonists, yet for all of these razzmatazz production fails where it is most needed to convince the audience. Any film that plays the main character is the expression "too quiet" is already pointing to a dubious way, and this influence of Lord of Horror does not violate this convention. For all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix, there are a lot of ripe clichés, along with the worst, everything that is original interesting is not enough to resonate. The concept of degrading flooring is initially extremely threatening and offers a sense of inevitable condemnation because the audience is aware that those caught in the hospital have to progress more and more in the forest. However, there is not enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the audience in unknown fear, the spectator is aware that the journey will become more dangerous because the levels degenerate from bright white to black, but I do not think the characters are quite conscious This is because it is threatening. Also, the whole movie that essentially takes its own bubble of time is again a very pleasant touch, a concept that is not often used in horror, but characters do not face a fearful and fearful situation when it prevents this fact going on far too much and without too much care about the idea of ​​meaning for the public. These initially good ideas are left to scatter, as if the director and / or Mr. Lordi (who had many of the ideas used in the movie) had these thoughts but could not agree or decide how best to use them and as such, lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> However, for all the frustration there are large amounts of comedy, but not for the reasons creators would have hoped. Too much is shaken, too much is recycled and too much is simply ridiculous. While the leadership behaves amicably by Noah Huntley, the characters are simple cardboard cutouts that have been stuck in the story of other films. We have a leader who does his best to protect his daughter, alongside a commonly developed love interest. Accompanied by the "couple," we have the traditional black man of sacrifice, as a security guard, with an almost infinite clip for his arm, and an unfortunate businessman, only with respect to himself. The worst of all, however, unfortunately is the introduction of Lordi's character as the creatures of the night who torture us with the strait, but not for them. What makes a scary horror film for the audience contextualizes fear. "Brilliance" is terrifying because it's a member of your own hunting family, in "Dawn Of The Dead" is our fear of others and the primordial cannibalism and the irrational thinking patterns that zombies possess, in "Alien," the creature is rationalized, and in "Dark Floors" there is nothing. Perhaps it is unfair to compare this production with these monoliths of the genre, but when you make it look great and that its aggressors feel only dementia Klingons, where you can almost see the zip on the costumes it wears, any "Lordi" atmosphere is not frightening. He is angry because we all enjoy the lack of spirit and we hope he does well, you want smaller productions to say that they can create the same quality as the "Hollywood" movie comes back, much like George A Romero, but it does not always materialize. I liked the movie and did not feel like I wasted the ninety minutes I just spent, but I felt pleasant at a completely empty level as if nothing had or affected me subconsciously, emotionally or critically. I felt the Lynchian story was an extraordinary point of view, but it fades into nothing. Why did it happen? What does it mean? Will they go through all of this again? Without the slightest understanding of what will happen, the film is simply embarrassed for the sake of trying to be artistic. Was it the whole sequence of real events or was it just a dream sequence? Did the autistic woman watch the Eurovision theater concert in 2006 and just had an extremely bizarre nightmare, given the stress she had? Who knows? And, unfortunately, I can not work up to energy. "Dark Flower" is an infuriating experience, which eventually shows superficial signs and, at least, presents a multitude of creative energies from Mr. Lordi, who should probably look at solo work to fully develops ideas. It's an idea that fans of the group should look for, but it will let you feel left-handed, because you do not have enough light on the situation.
