Hines and Goforth, the perpetrators of this crime, start on the wrong first step, assuming that Wells wrote Gothic horror and that all of his lines are meant to be taken seriously. That's simply not true. Wells was very much a heir to the Enlightenment, and his main concern was that Victorian self-satisfaction could leave the British unprepared for the world the new technology could produce - both good and bad. followed by terrible consequences - the protagonist is portrayed as a fierce cry (I was reminded of Fay Wray in the original King Kong), rather than a man struggling to live the irony of an incredible catastrophe; and the "Victorian" dialogue missiles have seriously said that Welles wanted to be tongue-tongued. All this shows that Ed Wood, with an enormous budget scattered about the effects of CGI - the way they are so badly made, the Warner Bros. cartoon factory. in the 1940s could have done a better job. (Gobs of scattered blood looked like red balloons, I expected them to float away in any minute.) Think of your yellow submarine as done by the old EC comics. <br /> <br /> Worse still is the loss of the theme, the movie of any reason to exist. Although the producers of this film return the story in the Victorian era, they do not know this strange way at all. Wells's story predicted many of the horrors of the First World War - a fact Wells had not noticed, which, after the war, to come. Without any theme, all we have here is a lot of people running around getting blasted into cartoon balloons when they are not trying for Macbeth's rewriting high school production of a drunk student. It is indeed the most serious, the most meaningless of any suffering, since a friend told me about watching the East-European cartoon "Fantastic Planet" thirty years ago. The film was so boringly boring, my boyfriend and myself and two strangers totally left themselves ridiculed midway and sat by the screen playing cards, using the film as light to see the books - his only utility, just as any of us could say. But I have already electrified myself in my apartment, so I do not need this Wells down for nothing. do not avoid this movie - steal every copy you can (you do not pay a cent) and burn each of them. God in His wisdom created us only for this purpose.
