Originally I became interested in this movie after reading a review saying that this movie reminded Silent Hill reviewer. Being a huge fan of Silent Hill and disappointed with the debut of the movie, I thought to give her a chance. Lies, Fearnet displays this movie only as "Dark Flower," not by its full name. So when I saw the name "Mr. Lordi" in the credits I immediately thought of the band (we had some college friends like them), but they did not think it was important and quickly pushed the thought. > <br /> The movie starts strong. Despite the fact that the "terrifying little girl" was made for DEATH, the good use of sound and sense of isolation really began to put the story together. Tense atmosphere was built quickly and each indication indicated that the film was excellent. As the monsters are the real horror stars, I could not wait to see what was hiding in the hospital halls, the main characters were caught in ... And then the first monster showed up and I woke up a lot overwhelmed. Until the second appeared, I doubted that he was just coming out of a Megadeth concert, and silliness stopped me completely. Throughout the movie, the atmosphere remained intact, and the story left you wondering exactly what was going on, but the scary were almost non-existent. However, I had the hope that the end will do everything useful. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Until the film peaked, I was in complete confidence and I immediately recognized the big evil in the final revelation ... Lordi's singer? Seriously? <br /> <br /> Was it what the movie all boiled up to? A bunch of poor souls watched in the hospital by Lordi band members? The monster project suddenly fades away. If you're going to be that horn, maybe through the members of Marilyn Manson, or even KISS there. Not to mention that I'm pretty sure I saw the ending in one of Lordi's videos a few years ago. Did they have to go and make a whole film of it? <br /> <br /> The worst of all, when I found out what really happened, all I could do was a yawn. I will not "destroy" it for you, but I can certainly say it's probably a plotting device you've seen before. Most likely, more than once. So, if you're not a huge Lordi fan, stay away from it. It's not scary, it brings nothing new to the table (though it does a decent loan job from other horror movies, especially Silent Hill). And I can not emphasize this enough, the Lord is the antagonist. Lordi. Talk about a buzzkill. <br /> <br /> Indeed, it would be better if you were scared to watch Slipknot videos. In other words, it is not possible.
