Well, on the credit side (if one can say he has one), Timothy Hines was able to capture the original setting of H.G. Wells. But something other than that - well, telling a sword a weft - big jump. What Master Ed Wood could have done with the alleged $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines really does Mr. Wood, who anyway was an erroneous genius, he was the best director of all time. The special effects (I think you would say) are not even up to the standards of computer games. The actress is perhaps about the comparable dinner scene, and the accents are atrocious. With the risk of being offensive, a lot of actors from the main masculine characters is (especially Poor Ogilvy), okay, ahem. . . GAY! Poor Ogilvy eats and waves about the English fictional village, waving the white asbestos handkerchief as if it were a heat-resistant armor. Hey, Star Wars Stormtroopers also had white body armor, and they did not work, yet they were destroyed. Even when Ogilvy and the Company roasted the Martian's "Heat Ray" (?), They sneaked and barked in a kind of weird dance, even when they were theoretically DEAD and reduced to skeletons, which persist in foolish and frenetic dances. Perhaps Timothy Hines rented the skeleton from Ray Harryhausen, being left from "Jason and the Argonauts." Or was Josie and Pussycats? I do not know. The soldiers, probably because they are "soldiers," all appear to explode quite unconvincingly, such as the soldier on the crutches and his unhappy companions who were wearing a stretcher beyond him. Wow! I liked! But the "soldiers" looked as if they were either fascist troops from the Spanish Civil War or Boer Commandos (which would be more or less correct for that period.) Perhaps it was a subtle subtlety from that evil Hines genius? ). Oddly, Curate's character looks exactly as it was drawn in the original illustrations by Warwick Goble and also turns into the most compelling function of acting. Oh yes. You do not have to forget your CHILD. In the book, the warship is described as a torpedo. These were RAM enemy ships. However, the bow was overturned after struck by Tinker-Toy martial war machines with a small hole in the top, and it sank. A warship such as THUNDERCHILD could have defeated TITANIC and survived, but I think the Royal Navy has been forced to have the same constraints with the smallest offers as our Militars. Costumes are all wrong, especially British and police uniforms, cobbled together especially by USMC Alphas. And Timbo, in an obvious tribute to Western Films Of Yore, has obviously established his movie in the West of England, because all his pilots use western sedans. The accents used by almost everyone seem to be a mixture of Scottish regional accent used by Clan Macabre and delicious Irish accents in Malarky County. On credit and contrary to those written by a commentator, the only authentic, authentic feature of this is artillery. Weapons are not civil war, but it seems to me to be the eyes and research as a new British bona fide or 12 incendiary incendiary chargers, perfectly authentic for the period. Also, the ammunition shown was used. But artillery, which is a horse artillery driver, has not been properly shown in its language. Do not sit on the camouflage box and drive a gunshot team, ride horses to the rear wheels. Opening, using what I think is an authentic film, is fine, and the score is not bad. However, as far as I know, Weybridge never had an underground, and certainly did not do it in 1898. But growing up reading this novel, I am very disappointed. Even more disappointed, then I was at Spielberg's zillion dollar version with special effects loaded. Perhaps his version would have taken advantage of Anthony Piana's change for Tom Cruise and vice versa. I have a lot to say but I will let myself do this now: I would like someone to make a GOOD version of "World War" to be faithful to the original. Timmy's vision is good for a high school movie class or maybe I should pretend badly for a college student and about as bad as it is about the best things I can say for this, but that's about it. Oh yes. Where did the budget come from? And what happened to Michael Caine? I would like to hear his comments! I have a suspicion that Timbo "Orson Wood" Hines "an amazing, capricious movie masterpiece might be the director's ticket to the risk of worship, because I have to confess a guilty pleasure to watching this movie, I pay anyway, but it was carefully sent by a friend who burned a DVD copy without any malicious intent I was able to determine. I have to add here that I thought that Blackmoon's dubbed and abridged version was not just a It's hard to see Timbo's version of Blackmoon. Keep him alone, Tim! "Now, just waiting for the hand of a master like you! And all you guys did to some snob haters who hated Cloverfield ... UITA: THAT CAN NOT BE HAPPENED TIMBO HINES FOR SHEER HILARIOUS AWFULNESS HEY GET A LIFE TIMBO IS MORE MASTER ED WOOD DOES NOT LOVE !
