Lordi was a major hype and revelation in 2007 as they won the Eurovision Songs Contest with a metal piece (not so hard) called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on stage, dressed as hideous monsters. But, let's face this, their victory probably did not have much to do with their musical talent. The Eurovision contest has gradually turned into a big political circus over the years, and Lordi probably won only because their song eventually brought a little change and? all the more important - because their entire act of genius foolishly falsified the whole event annually. The last absolute thing Lordi brings first (and hopefully the last) horror film is change and ingenuity. "The Dark Flower," based on an idea of ​​the lead singer and playing the rest of the band in supporting roles, is a truly unimaginative accumulation of clichés. The huge budget ("The Dark Flower" is supposed to be the most expensive Finnish film ever) surely provides a lot of macabre pieces and an impressive makeup art, but what is the point where there is no story worth mentioning? The film takes place in a busy hospital where a bunch of people, including a father and a little daughter with an unidentified disease, get caught in the elevator during a power failure. When the doors open again, the floors are empty and it seems the hospital is abandoned for many years. Trying to get to the exit, the group is hampered by many morbid and unexplained obstacles such as eyeless corpses, screaming ghosts and Heavy Metal monsters coming out of the floor. The only points they give "Dark Floors" are exclusively designed for the landscape and building a proper tension in the first half of the film. As long as sinister events do not require an explanation, the atmosphere is pretty scary, but as soon as you understand that the explanation will be a) very bad or b) it will never come, the healthman just crashes like an unstable house of books. Lordi's costumes were not really scary (except for the traditional Eurovision fans) and, in combination with a story more akin to the Asian ghost-horror, would only look pathetic and unclear. With all the national myths and genuinely unique shooting locations, I personally have always assumed Finland? The land of a thousand lakes? would be the ideal place to breed horrible horror stories, but I think it's another disillusionment on my part.
