A fashion designer travels over a cat and falls into a pool, hitting his head on something floating on the surface. With strange effects (this was a TV movie), she floats from her body. It floats through a tunnel of red orange smoke tunnels, and the rigid black figures tilts at her point of view (looks like the mannequins in her apartment). I almost looked at a film by Jess Franco ... As her friends revive her, a black arm grabs her wrist and has to fight to untie. When she is revived, she remembers everything and has a bad bruise on her forearm. Shortly thereafter, she is almost hit by a car that is not in control, which rises on the sidewalk behind her. At Halloween, she decides with her boyfriend to go to Mexico for a holiday. When he gets there, he is surprised to be the Day of the Dead. They are upset by another American tourist who keeps them and almost drowns them. The designer is encouraged to join a group of people who have had near-death experiences. They all experienced the tunnel, but not the black or repeat figures near the escape from death. One of them has and is very anxious. She is also encouraged to meet a psychic. A doctor tells him about the people he calls "Walkers" (the name of the novel on which this is based). There are people who are supposed to have died from a case that, examined, turns out to have died of another cause. So they continued to walk after they died until they died again, but he accused them of keeping records poor. I watched this in the video for 102 minutes and it seemed like a long time. I can not imagine that there is actually a 192 minute version! Perhaps if you had to be watched for two or more nights on TV, it would be better to be watched than in one session. I only read a novel by Gary Brandner, Floater, and if he is representative of his work, he is not the most original writer. Floater had a common plot of: Taking the child kills people in revenge. Even the variant was quite common: he took the child dies and kills people years later in revenge beyond the grave. And, in fact, it has a common point with this film, because the child is practicing the astral projection, and when he drowns, he floats out of his body like here. I do not know how close to Dead of Night follows the novel Walkers. I understand that Howling does not look much like his novels. It's a fairly slow film, and the special effects and cinema are really kept by the budget (probably) low and made for the TV-Efficiency. There are a lot of actors that are easy to recognize in it. It also feels very dated, earlier until the mid-1980s than 1989. It seemed boring to me. A better, low-budget film that covers a similar topic that I do not think was equally bad is Sole Survivor (1983) (it may be the inspiration for the final destination movies of the 2000s). It's blowing from Dead of Night.
