I just lost three hours of my life and I can honestly say I feel broken. I read the reviews and heard the warnings, and I thought I was ready for anything - at best, I thought, a faithful attempt (if wrong) of an initial adaptation; at worst, a "Plan 9" so good because it is the new millennium. So when I managed to pick up a copy of Walmart while in Florida and brought her back to the UK, I joked to my friends "Get ready for the worst movie ever made!" Cruel karma. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this movie. The "special" effects look like a work of an early age student using a Spectrum ZX81. The action is terrible, the accents are WORST only terrible (an artillery accent seems to make us take a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales through Northern Ireland), dialogue is tickled, editing is non-existent, production values shows that no expense has been lost. Words can not describe how bad these movies are; from the Union flag flying from the dazzling CGI Thunderchild (Royal Navy flies to the White Ensign, NOT the flag of the European Union) to the worm worm, which is simply a crime against filming. When you consider some of the fan-zero movies that are available on the net (for example, "War troops"), the whole argument "we are amateur enthusiasts" goes right out of the window. And if you think an interview with Hines on the Pendragon site, this movie had an 8-digit budget! I can only assume that unwanted facial hair is not cheap in the US. Perhaps the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a movie of the book rather than turn the book into a movie (if that makes sense). Characters and supplements roll out of the text without trying to convey the feelings behind the words. Ironically, the only person who came close to delivering decent performance was Darlene Sellers, the former pornographic actress. My advice? Pray that the mad that Jeff Wayne is not wrong and go watch the Spielberg version. Perhaps the text of the book is not true, but I can say it; As a HG Wells fan throughout his life (and the English, too), the Speilbergs movie is true for the Book's Spirit. Perhaps the customs officers have mistakenly let me carry this monster in the country, but I will say this: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life and I want them back.
