When a friend gave me a box set of "12 amazing Scifi / Horror movies!" I was wise a little cautious. But since the item was a gift, I did not really pay my good sense. After all ... free movies! So if I'm a little chord. After much attention, Alien Intruder was the first of these films. Ironically, it was the first choice for showing the best part of the group. All I can say is that if he is the best of them, I wake up to think about the rest. On the surface they had some good things to do about it. Four actors (count them!) That I was familiar with. Billy Dee Williams, Tracy Scoggins, Maxwell Caulfield and Jeff Conaway. I said ... "Billy and Tracy were in some good scientists (Star Wars and Babylon 5 respectively), so they did not sign up for a turkey. Max is a veteran soap actor who has never managed to between the movie .... but not a pure actor A Jeff ... well ... he did good and bad for movies and TV I was soon to discover that Jeff decided to add " the ugly "in his film repertoire The first clue was in the opening scenes Jeff feasts with taste through a scene" I'm crazy "before killing me A funny performance in the cameo indeed. (Williams), who is sent to see what happened to Jeff and his crew, occupying their new colleagues in the movie. but this assortment is not so Dirty Dozen - Maybe as well as the Foursome Unconvinced. In addition, one of the criminals, a computer hacker, is shown in his cell working on a laptop. Did not I let a criminal drive a gun shop in the shade? Pretty much jailbreak if you ask me. When it finally takes off the effects are really horrible. It seems that the spacecraft model was beaten on an afternoon by some bored 8-year-olds who had parts remaining from Airfix kits. But horror does not stop there. While on his way to the area where Jeff's ship disappeared, the killer crew is rewarded for his good behavior, giving him weekly virtual reality in which he makes his male fantasies. All good and good, and the use of scenes from their fantasies serves as an introduction to the "Menace Alliance" that begins to appear there. But did they have to pull it out for a sooooo loooooong? Alien Intruder? Alien Boring, rather. Eventually, they do it in the G-Sector, and the foreign presence makes them fight each other for its afflictions until only good old Max is left. Conclusion, in a really optimistic film vein, indicates a continuation - as if! Also appearing in this movie is a character that I will nickname "Sweatdroid". It should have been an android, but it seems that this was lost in the makeup crew, which gave it a sweaty feature at any occasion. But do not worry, he's just there to make the count of the body count at the end. Williams and Scoggins, to be true, do little in the movie. They just barely stay awake, not to mention the act. And, as I mentioned earlier, Jeff gets an early journey to the showers, so his spell is not allowed to shine much of the movie. Max tries best, like the other members of the show, but the movie is just atrocious to be honest. The imaginary, half-imagined, imaginative work that this film offers is the ship naming convention. Everyone is named after the musicians - Holly, Presley, Joplin. The rest of the film is gentle and uninspired. Done in 1992, I thought that at the initial viewing it was one of the 80 direct-to-video posts. Apparently they still made shit movies in the 90's, it seems. <br /> <br /> The best is avoided. Even in the beer chips movie this movie is dirty, but at least you can push it forward, I guess.
