As usual, on IMDb, passing through the majority vote, rather than the "weighted average", is much more relevant to the value of the film's entertainment. In this case, most give it a "one". How good I am! To begin the review, I will first recognize that I am completely clueless why this movie is titled "Alien Intruder". It involves space and even a "stranger" (I suppose), but there is no rhyme or reason (at all) for anything, in the long run, at least no real basis of plot or resolution that I can do anywhere. /> <br /> There are quite a few scenes that are so atrocious (both on the lines and the way they speak) that they far outweigh the strange feeling you have when watching very bad movies. I have no idea about that part near the beginning, if an electronic Bugs Bunny seems to be coveted about something. "Complot" only involves a space area known as G-Spot, I'm sorry, doing that G-Sector ... and a virtual reality program infected with a kind of foreign virus (?). I think it's extraterrestrial because the image of normal Ariel seems to be a negative photographic. For most of the movie, we see that people shoot with space weapons, falling from the attic and seemingly endless, useless photographs from "Where's Ariel?", "I can not find Ariel" (useless because most the other images INCLUDE the interaction with Ariel, anyway - anyway) on a computer monitor. Commander Skyler (Billy Dee) sits and follows every fantasy of the convict's VR programs, hoping to find this alien virus and become one with him ... ??? Or maybe I missed something ... Billy Dee Williams did some lectures on "how to act in desperation" before filming this. We know this because he spends a lot of time moving his fingers down on his face and showing painful. The docking scene of a ship going behind the other was semi-hilarious at and giving a laugh in addition to early scenes where we see some photos of the ship as it pours into a circle, much like a Lego experiment that it disappeared. It seems everyone is dying in this movie, so why bother? Even female VRs are killed, as if they meant something (especially since everyone else dies anyway) ... scandalous. Because of the money I save on food, I will not hit the fact that I want the money back that I paid for the DVD with that. The dollar I saved on that bag of vanilla wafers paid for this time of the magazine. I will add that the story itself, at least as a novel and much more detail added, could probably be quite interesting with the right author. <br /> <br /> 1/10
