Who am I? No, I'm not kidding. That's what really is said about the video. <br /> <br /> Plot; short version: beautiful woman sitting around smiling. This, for some reason, causes all people to kill each other. "Find Ariel ... Where is Ariel ... You can not find Ariel ..." It's behind you, idiot. <br /> <br /> Most of what can be said about this hospitable spatial work has already been said, it looks like. A group of corny actors playing mostly condemned come after the first selection of actors is hit very quickly. Then they are beaten the same way. Every scene is broadcast almost fifteen minutes in advance. Perhaps it was a straw design to see which actors had the most screen time and higher payroll control. The alien / hologram / witch / joke virus looks physically powerless and does nothing. Why can not she stay in the computer instead of doing her "vampire teleportation" routine? (In fact, it would have been more interesting if it were a vampire or would just look at people, which is all it ever does ...). This is not really a space movement. There are many more pictures of the old Western route, the Easy Rider route of the 1950s, the Film Noir night club scene, even a jogging on the beach in fantastic terrain, none of which has any real depth or makes no sense. Night club scene is black and white, of course. He worked with "The Wizard of Oz". It does not work so well here. This is probably a good thing, because those few photos that space is depressingly stupid. You will probably cry in those moments, especially when you see which "spacecraft" spinning, which looks about three inches long. Nothing feels for any of the characters, not because they are convicted or not personally, but because they need serious acting lessons, except for Billy Dee Williams who seems really depressed and at a loss, probably in this work ... This is one of those movies that, when seen with friends, will cause some extremely 'silent' silence, especially when the nerd throws his attempt to make a comic book (including the French line - kissing a meteor ... maybe not ...) The face of virtual virtual reality becomes "killed", which means nothing, because it is not real to start. Well, the other "characters" are not, but that's out of the way. Haha. What is funny is that the scene that characterizes the video case is a kind of work of the skull-horror-alien (a green filter added above to give it more than once). .. uh ... green look) that is actually Android after being killed and finally has nothing to do with anything else. Another strange business I noticed. Whenever there is an explosion (at least on my cheap DVD copy), everything gets extremely pixelized. I do not mean that a LITTLE pixelated, that is, HUGE blocks about 1/16 of the screen size. Wow.
