One of the worst adventures of Carry On sees Sid James as the head of a gang of murder that steals contraceptive pills. The fourth of the series based on hospitals is probably the smallest in the genre. There is a feeling full of curiosity all along, with all apparently scattered on the material under the hair. This is far from the late 1970s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. are all class performers, but did not support a script equal to their ability. Most gags are onrunning, rather than episodic like Carry Ons, usually I am. So instead of the traditional hit and miss report, if you do not find a funny joke, first of all you're stuck with it for most of the movie. These continuous plot lines include Williams? for no good reason? worrying about changing sex and Kenneth Cope in love. Like the scratchy physical pratt, everything feels better outlined than in other films and lacking expressed interest. Continuing this theme, Matron does not have the usual innocuous and wrinkling format, mostly opting for characterization and consequence to provide humor. In fact, the series of misunderstandings and forced circumstances once again reminds Terry and June ... so it's good for Terry Scott to be present, unnecessarily blackening along the way. Some dialogue exchanges have a bit of old magic, like that between Scott and Cope: "How about a drink?" "Oh, no, no, I never touched it." - Then cigarette? - No, I never touched them. "That leaves only one thing." I never touch that. That being said, while a humorous man (delivering to the end of the sweet episodes of Randall and Hopkirk), he felt that Cope was not quite enthusiastic about the Ideology of Carry On Ideology and that Bernard Bresslaw dressed as a nurse it would be more fun. This happens in part, though only in the last fifteen minutes. Williams trying to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hawtrey is hiding in a closet is a pure farce of the drawer, but he does not iron it out. That being said, Williams' description of premarital relationships is invaluable: "Do not just go into the store and buy enough for the whole room, you destroy a small band and try it first!" "That could be so," said Jacques, "but you will not take me to the wall. Williams really comes alive in his scenes with Hattie, and you can never get bored of hearing a whistle whistle whenever someone accidentally blinks their pants. Carry On Matron is not a bad movie by any means, just one rich in standardization.
