I watched this version of the classic novel by R.D. Blackmore as a replacement until the 2001 A & E version was released on video. And what a bad replacement it turned out to be !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The actors are mostly wood (except Sean Bean), and "romanticism" seems to be forced and controversial. In fact, there is no kiss until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whatever you like) and evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or extended. We do not have much information about Carver here or about why he has Romantic feelings for Lorna (if any). This film highlights many of the key and interesting characters of the novel, such as Doone Councilors and John's youngest sister Lizzie, which was crucial to the plot. The script itself is unconvincing. Political interest is also not in the scenario. The way Lorna was born with Doones is not true for the original story. Now, do not get me wrong, Clive Owen is a beautiful and talented actor (see Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but he meets so gentle and stoic all the time, and long hair (maybe it was a bad wig ) is not right !!!! Polly Walker is a wonderful and accomplished actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, where she also cost Sean Bean), but she seems colorless and unclear. She has a cold wound on the lip that makeup can not hide, and the costumes do not seem authentic. Delay Robert Stephens makes a respectable round like Sir Ensor Doone, though he only refers to Lorna as a favorite rather than to his granddaughter, of which she was reputed to be in the book. I also think Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe makeup) and the landscape is brown, cold, gray and sterile, with no hint of sunshine. I understand it is located in southwestern England, but it is green there and they make their sun! The representation of Tom Faggus's character and his "death", which does not happen in the novel, even further reduces the film. The only positive note is Sean Bean's performance as Carver. Although not even approaching the approach to Aidan Gillen's portrait in A & E, Bean is a villain. In short, watch this only if you have a few hours to kill, but do not expect anything interesting or to be true to the novel. See any other version (but I highly recommend A & E's movie) about this tired adaptation.
