Of course, we did not have big expectations of "Corky Romano". But again, who did it? However, I felt it was worth the benefit of doubt. I have no big hope of "Joe Dirt," or - another recent comedy with a member of SNL - and I have come to be pleasantly surprised. But this movie is as bad as in previews. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comedian - contrary to what you might think after watching this movie - with great energy. He has been in many hilarious SNL bundles, and I think he is one of the most talented distribution members on SNL as of now. In this case, he gave a blade, useless scenario, and tries to fix each scene with unceasing wandering. Along each scene, he tries to act somewhat on Jerry Lewis and fails. Jerry Lewis knew how to shoot from this type of physical comedy, not to mention he worked much better writing. Kattan just seems like an ignorant madman with ADHD who had too many Cafe Lattes. He does not even expect punchlines; he assumes that we'll laugh as soon as he starts jumping like a monkey on crack. In a scene, he ends up in a tangent match with a dog who has a pack of cocaine in his mouth. The pack explodes and cocaine breaks it all over. He returned to the job, returned to the coke. Now, how should we laugh at acting hyper and on the edge, doing the same thing throughout the movie? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of cast members ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot, Peter Berg is wasted in a greedy role and so is Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasted, though he has some funny lines, that I'm pretty sure he improvised. I hope Falk will have a decent film one day soon. That's too much talent lost in a clunker like "Corky Romano". I did not like Falk's latest "Made" movie, but at least he did have a decent role. <br /> <br /> I chuckled a few times, but I could not laugh alone. Each gag is performed with no sense of timing or delivery. And they got worse with Kattan's hammered act. And there are some gags that are dragged. For example, when Kattan is about to trample in the faces of his two brothers. Stay there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get a fart, and when it finally makes a little smaller. It's bad enough when you have a funny gag and pull it out, but when you have a blade of blades and pull it out, it's much worse. Another example is when trying to translate what these two Asian people say during a drug bust. I can go on about what's wrong with the so-called comedy, but I will not waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predicted bad things from trailers - you predicted correctly. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
