Why is this movie so bad? If it's so bad and annoying and there's no reason, then this movie is. The character of Corky Romano is untouchable at best and scary in the worst case. Gags are predictable, but that does not hurt him. They are a sort of predictable joke your unhappy friend would say. Corky Romano is about an easy-to-handle veterinarian who tries to do good, but it is so clumsy. His quiet life is thrown for a loop when the family who once rejected it now needs him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy any trace of family history. However, Corky is not so easy because the FBI considers him a super agent and imposes him with the duty to spy on his own family. Movements and legacy appear, but really do not feel like a comic hijixn there. Corky falls in love with his beautiful FBI partner and has to set up a direct record with both the FBI and his family if he sets back to quiet life again. I think what makes this irritating movie is both the lead actor and the supposed jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his worrying limitations and the actor here, while his routine for a crash collapses for almost 10 minutes in the movie. It's a good idea to have a complete movie based exclusively on the foolish, humorous humor. Ferrel, Kattan's SNL partner, seems to have made his career a complete career. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to tune it and rely on other ways to say a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in Kattan's routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie, which is just pure torture. The other problem with the film was the lack of truly original jokes and FUNNY. The gay mafia brother, the weird sort of gossip and many other jokes do not seem as funny as the first time you laughed at him. It seems that writers have had more fun writing this than anyone who was watching it. Even with a distribution that has a comedy talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), the jokes that begin are tired. There is no chemistry. This movie was obviously one for the pockets for actors. No body seemed to take care of it or even try. Sad thing is, no body did not say Chris Kattan that.
