Save the $ 8.97 you will spend on Walmart to buy this DVD and watch the real movie by Steven Spielberg. I'm a director and I was a fan of HG Wells, I had to buy this by hoping to sit down and watch three hours of good entertainment. Instead, it took four days to finish this, because I could not look at more than 10 minutes at a time. It's horrible. There are reports that Timothy Hines had a budget of $ 20 million for this production. Where the hell did he go? Did he use the most to buy a new house? Finance retirement? Or what? Let me start with what is really good about this movie. It remains true to the book and there are some good performances in it. I can respect the actors who obviously tried to make this movie good. But good performance was quickly shadowed by horrible ... and I mean horrible special effects. Any student film school for the first time could have done a much better job with CGI. For me, most of the showed that cut-out board card stops that were used rather than sophisticated CGI software that a $ 20 million project should be of use. There is no excuse for the amateur production that was applied to this film. My partner and I set up and recreated our version of the Ferry scene using software that cost less than $ 1500.00 and one day had five minutes of scene that looked better and more realistic than what Hines created. I've seen movies with budgets of less than $ 2 million, look better. Better. In my opinion, the special effects used in the original King Kong were more sophisticated and better than Hines' special effects in this film. In fact, I have a much better appreciation for Tomcat Killer Attack because of this movie. There is no excuse with today's technology for a film to look like a B-50 film, unless it was the intention that should not have been with this particular project. A problem with the DVD transfer was that the movie is jerky, another amateur movie demonstration. In general, I have to say that I produced a $ 45,000 project in 2003, which has better cinema and better special effects than this movie. /> <br /> I encourage someone who appreciates the good movie or who is a fan of WOTW to leave this film on the shelf and watch the woman's 50-foot attack instead. It would be easier for the eyes.
