Although I heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian film of the decade, I saw it giving her a chance; after all, director / producer / writer Alexandre Stockler for the first time managed to make his debut (shot in video) for only $ 4,000 and - though it seems even cheaper - I can not imagine everything he was going through in the end , to expose him to theaters without big sponsors or production companies behind him (when I saw him I realized why). But regardless of the chances that you are willing to give "Cama de Gato", they are shrunk to zero in 10 minutes: it is an incredibly absurd, verbose, fanatical, and technically catastrophic ideological attempt to describe middle-class Brazilian middle- as a bunch of neo-Nazis cling to sex, drugs and violence (and are made to resemble homosexuals), without any visible trace of talent, imagination, expertise or notion of structure. From a visual and phonetic point of view, it reminds you of the most amazing things you can find on YouTube - it only takes nine minutes (counting) minutes of hysteria and unrestrained misunderstanding and is not even funny - bad. We all saw the story before: young bored boys want to have fun, party, take drugs and everything goes wrong - there are rapes, spanking, murder, accidental death (falling on the ladder! ) the mother of one of the boys, culminating in the boys who decide to burn the faces of her face and mother into a garbage dump. Moral and literal rubbish, you know? The film is strongly influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - though moralistic and sexploitative - are class-class works compared to this stupidity. do you not think there has ever been such a monomaniac force in a filmmaker to keep his ideas on the throat of the audience: Stockler grabs our collar and tries to force his non-stop moralism into our brains through repetition and exhaustion - numb of so many buzz, cries, uneven directions, camera and terrible action. Stockler does not care much about the technique (image quality, framing, sound recording, soundtracks, dialogue, sets, edits, etc.), but it's a strange narcissistic control: he anticipates criticism he has to get it by adding subtitles with smartie / box comments, and making protagonists comment at some point how far fake and fake they are all (I could refer to THAT). <br /> <br /> Despite his megalomaniac ambitions, Stockler seems unable to give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure - he can not even decide whether he wants realism (the camera of the hand, etc.) or stylizing the repetition of scenes, use of alternatives, etc.). Hell, he can not even decide where to put his camera (there is a subjective video camera for the three rulers)! The dialogue presents some of the most trivial verbs ever; the plot exists only to justify the dire hatred of the director for his characters and what they represent. All you see is a director who is ugly, preaching, condemning, moralizing without having a minimum of talent (or technique) to go with it. It is very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Of course, one of Brazil's most promising young film actors, with the appearance of a dog with drowsiness and the emotional edge that often remind Sal Mineo, Blat can be very effective in the right direction (as in "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica "Proibido Proibir." He's been told to go over the top and have to play with some of the "most unhappy" actors in history. He's also entering the risky world of sexual sexual scenes (so much it looks like it looks more like web-cam pornography.) The film opens and ends with real interviews with youngsters of the "typical" (?) middle class - Stockler wants us to take these interviews as a "proof" of what but he despises him and makes them entertained by his interviewees, choosing a climax of abject, racist, sexist, foolish statements (which only show that twins are Stockler wishes to show that middle-class Brazilian young people are all present or future because they are middle-class and enjoying recreational drugs (he says, all the neophytes are drugged) or that drugs are fueling fascist behavior? do not say). <br /> <br /> By his dogmatic technique of self-righteousness, the technique of inducing headache and boredom, Cama de Gato is bad for 1,000 reasons, but above all, it is detrimental in a manner very insidious: it offers detractors to the Brazilian cinema a strong argument. "Cama de Gato" is best undiscovered, not mentioned, buried and forgotten.
