We all know how it is when we have a bad day at the office, right? Well, this comedy by Neil Simon looks at what it is when you have the worst of all day just trying to get to the office. Sometimes it's not worth it, you know what I mean? And sometimes it's not worth doing something when it's been done before, in 1970, with Jack Lemmon and Sandy Dennis ... and much better, too. It is not that Steve Martin is a mad comedian or wrong for the role of advertising and stressful performer; on the contrary, in both cases. And it's not that Goldie Hawn is just as inept; her work has been consistently good, if not great, ever since I first saw her on Rowan's television and in the 1960s Laugh-In's Martin. The problem with this film is that it's not about about the unfortunate couple at all: is it really about New York and why everyone should come to New York to live and love their lives in married happiness? a kind of ?? in the largest city in the world. That's if you're a New Yorker ... Look, the 1970 movie is still a great comedy that has realistically explored all the things that can go wrong when you make a trip somewhere and include most of the situations and visual gangs you can Imagine what can happen to you in a weird environment. This version of 1999, unfortunately, turns into free tangents, especially for an audience that expects or wishes to see excess. For example, he is not satisfied with the main appeal of the main players, there is a relatively long (also relatively long) cameo from Rudy Giuliani, then mayor of New York, as we all know. What the ?? And Giuliani was president? Worse ?? a walking advertisement for New York's prettiest girl. And then we have John Cleese, who resumes his role as Basil Fawlty? but this time, as well as perversion? once again, walking the hotel staff, blowing sucking rich clients and generally making her look like the idiot in this role. And, in this process, it does great damage in memory of Fawlty Towers, probably the best British comedy series, bar none ... Why was this movie made since 1999? In the 1970s, New York was a dying city in many respects. Almost almost went bankrupt. So when it was made in 1970, it was the city you saw: dizzy, dark, moody, restless, and not the place the young man harassed eventually chose for their new life together in Big Smoke as it was then polluted and everything). By 1999, things got better: glitz came back, New York was thriving, it was the Great Apple, ready to bite you if you had a moxie ... So the couple in this second coming finds that moxie inside and ultimately join the fabulous phrase to continue the American dream of life, freedom and the search for happiness. Therefore, this film is really comic, but not for reasons the producers probably intended. How much I like Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn in comedy, this film is a much better transvestity with the great Jack Lemmon. If you've seen the last one, then it certainly does not bother you with that.
