An accurate review of Nuremberg must take into account the unexpected history door with the movie "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally says there is a German resistance during the Second World War, two professionally organized with bureaucrats, military, military and civilian generals who tried to throw over the Nazi regime, install a new Chancellor, get peace and close the concentration camps. However, these absolutely unknown heroes have not received any help from the allies who have helped French resistance right beside. Historian writers have used an institutionalized agenda so far to hide an ally evil costing many tens of millions of lives, all condemned to believe a deception that the German people supported the Nazis and therefore deserves genocide for 24 hours bombing and "unconditional surrender" that was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The German enigma codes were broken by English scientists in 1943, so many of what the Germans were doing were known. In 1943, the Germans developed new airplanes and jet bombers by companies such as Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis were eliminated and the German resistance succeeded, the allies would not allow any democracy in the world to have jets, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and missile-guided missiles, without the US has them in the first place! Here is the agenda of the institutionalized agenda. As a result, the German resistance had no help from the allies, although they always had important information to remove Adolf Hitler. The bad blow of July 20, 1944, is evidence that significant efforts have been made by the Germans to achieve peace. Instead, the Germans obtained ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and 24-hour saturation bombings on an agenda to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scholars from the Germans and to hold a total property through "unconditional surrender". It was a premeditated alliance agenda that allowed the war to perpetuate and keep the Nazis in power to justify the 24-hour bombing, but it lasted a year after the day before the Allied armies advanced to Germany to steal the greatest technology and scientists in the world to barrel a weapon. However, tens of millions of people died because the allies abandoned German resistance for their own greed. <br /> <br /> The Allies imposed the "unconditional surrender" of the Germans as a pretext to assume ownership and control over German property and governments, and it was done without using the German resistance to throw over the Nazis. The Allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scientists from the Germans to achieve world technological supremacy. As a result, anything else has taken second place in the allied wicked agenda, which killed millions of German people in the 24-hour bombing; concentration camps remained open; the war was prolonged and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on the German industrial achievements, technology and scientists taken by the Germans in World War 2. The 1912 war crimes crimes in Nuremburg were public relations of deceit and mass murder committed by allies as retrospective justice for the Nazis. It was a smoke screen to hide the order of the evil and greedy allies for world technological supremacy rather than to help the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. Tens of millions of people died because the Allies abandoned German resistance to an agenda, but pushed the German heads of staff who had paid their lives to war crimes in Nuremburg anyway, though the allies committed genocide for to achieve global technological supremacy.
