This word "True" in the title of this movie sounds my alarm bells. They sounded louder when a business card referred to America's Civil War as "the war between states" (the favorite circumlocution of dead southerners). Jesse James - a thief, a slave and a murderer - is described as a quiet, gentle boy. How disheartening is this movie? There is no mention of slavery, much less that Jesse James's poor mother had slaves before the war and that Jesse and his brother Frank had actively fought to keep slavery. According to this film, all civil war soldiers have really struggled to decide whether Missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... that's all. (Missouri: It's a candy mint! It's a mint!) Black people are totally absent from this film except for two smiles of a pair of beggars, one of which carries a "HELP THE POOR" sign, which is very unpredictable, instead of handwriting. (Some nineteenth century newspapers are inaccurate, with twentieth-century fonts.) This film has a strange retrospective. There are a number of very impressive trips (and a good work of monks) and an excellent fit. I enjoyed a dialogue line: "Some of those boys will not taste the beans anymore." The film has some details: Agnes Moorehead, Jesse's mother, hides her right arm in raiding scenes by Pinkerton's agents (here called Remington) in which Jesse James's mother suffered injuries that require amputation in her lower arm. Some errors are quick: during his bushwhacking days, the real Jesse James accidentally shot some of the middle left finger, but Robert Wagner (in the title role here) does not have a stumpfinger. I saw a picture of Jesse James's real wife; if it looked as glamorous as Hope Lange showed in this film, Jesse James could have stayed longer. There is a lot of revisionism here, and most male actors wear hair styles in the 1950s. But many of this film's mistakes have been avoided. Jesse James's mentor, William Quantrill, is mentioned many times, but all actors misspell their name. We see that Jesse and his wife are moving into a two-story house (where he will soon die) after paying a $ 18 rent. In fact, Jesse James's last residence (at 1318 Lafayette Street, St Joseph, Missouri) was a single-storey single-storey chalet, renting $ 14. There was no upper floor ... so when Jesse James was killed, his wife could not run from above, as Hope Lange does here. (She was actually in the kitchen.) An error of continuity: Robert Wagner (without double stunt) does an impressive job of taking a blank in the jaw and falling while his hands are tied behind him back. but when it gets up, the wrist that links the wrists disappears. The script makes strange and useless jugglers of data. Following Northfield's attempted robbery, Jesse says he expects to get home on his birthday. James Gang's current Northfield bank raid (September 7, 1876) was two days after Jesse James's birthday. (Maybe it meant birthday next year). Later, we see Jesse and his wife moving to St. Joseph's house on a beautiful summer day, while Jesse tells him what he intends to do when Christmas comes ... but in real life, The Lord and Mrs. Jesse James moved to that house on December 24, 1881 ... so this scene should * be * on Christmas Eve! These errors were totally avoided. Some fictionalization here does not make sense. According to this film, the Northfield bank raid failed because one (fictitious) was late to cut off telegraph wires. If that had happened, it would have really prevented the escape of James Gang ... but it would not have affected the robbery itself, which failed for other reasons. There are good performances here by Jeffrey Hunter (like Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (as Cole Young) and stage actress Marian Seldes, in a rare role. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, an indefinite actor. Elsewhere, Wagner proved his impressive impression by convincing interpretation of heroes, villains and ambiguous moral characters. Here, he does not seem to decide whether to describe Jesse James as a bunny or a baddie ... so he does not mind too much. John Carradine phones in his show in a short role as a fictitious jackleg preacher who baptizes Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized in childhood by his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but maybe this second baptism is a topping-up. Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt that Robin Hood was Robin Hood, but that's another story.) There is no single documented court of Jesse James to ever divorce someone outside of his own family. After some of his detentions, he did not even share his luggage with the rest of his gang. In this film, Jesse is shot as soon as he swears to forego his bandits forever. In fact, the night before his death, Jesse James and the Ford brothers stole horses that Jesse intended to use the next day in a plunder of Platte's bank. As a preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... those poor people who (in inaccurate legends) were supposed to be beneficiaries of his breadth. I went back to a scene here, where the Jesse James fiction writer is so refined that he disapproves of an oil painting that looks great nudes. "True (not too much) Jesse James's story is deliberately innocent of an angry killer and also dishonest about civil war. For the stunning work of stunt, a good fit, and some finale of acting, I will rate this movie obscene dishonest 2 points out of 10.
