Before I spooked Spike Lee's misfortune in a SUMMER OF SAM film, which was well worth it, I would like to make a clear statement. I'm not returning this movie simply for its abundance of slow and unpleasant images. What makes this film so undiscovered is that Lee seems to think that SUMMER OF SAM should be taken seriously as a luminous social drama. For example, Quentin Tarantino's murder films are full of violence, profanity and other weaknesses, but they are extremely vigilant, as Tarantino is not trying to convey these films as works of art redeeming socially. He knows that such movies are just for entertainment. On the other hand, serious dramas such as PRIVATE RYAN SAVING and SCHINDLER'S LIST are often unpleasant to watch, but the inconvenience serves to develop the plot and the character of the movie, with the ultimate goal of attracting the emotional audience with the story and characters on the screen . THE SAMAR SUMMARY, unfortunately, walked in its sensationalism and weakness, believing that it serves as a social commentary, just like other garbage episodes. The SAM SUMMARY does not serve as a serious drama because its characters are just decorative cardboard stereotypes. Its purpose is to show the emotional impact of hysteria on Sam's murders on residents in the predominantly Bronx Italian-American neighborhood where assassinations took place. However, instead of presenting locals as a diverse mix of personalities, Lee simply rotates any imaginable negative stereotype. Men are ignorant, lazy and exaggerated goombahi. Women are divided into "poor girls" ("Dionna's Mira Sorvino") and "bad girls" (Ruby Jennifer Esposito). Lee seems to want to give up Hollywood for their years of negative African-American stereotypes by turning their own stereotypes, and few critics seem to care. If Martin Scorsese, for example, presented the inhabitants of an African American neighborhood as a bunch of stereotypes by Amos Andy and Aunt Jemima, critics would rightfully condemn such flagrant stereotypes. More importantly, unidimensional, stereotypical characters undermine any movie that tries to be a serious social commentary. Without exception, the SUMMER OF SAM distribution is excellent. However, the act, for the most part, is uninspired. Distribution is either simply through movements, or they have little to do with the script. In addition, there is a notable misstatement. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but Vinny's character seems to be an obsolete and comic impersonalization by John Travolta, Tony Manero, from SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER. And Michael Badalucco, a "nice guy" perennial actor, is really stupid as the serial killer David Berkowitz, who is rather funny than scary. The only performance that deserves attention is Adrien Brody, in his capacity of Ritchie, a troubled but sincere neighbor. Brody's performance and typical Lee cinema are the only virtues of this movie. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 out of ****
