After hearing the word from the mouth about how bad this movie is, I picked up the plunger and bought the DVD. That said all that previously mentioned about this movie is true. For a movie that claimed to have a budget in millions, it does not appear on screen at all. The list of movie issues can be shot forever. Their boss is that the movie is just too long. It was dragged for a few minutes less than 3 hours. Almost an hour could have been interrupted by the time if the publisher simply removed the survival of scenes that only dealt with the main character wandering around the target. <br /> <br /> Secondly, as many of the 'trailers' have highlighted, the special effects are nothing but special. The tripod seemed good in a few strokes here and there, but beyond that, everything was of the 1970s or 1980s quality. Probably the most serious effects of all were the horses that had rigidly gathered back and forth as they moved . Radiation effects were ridiculous, because people were reduced to bones that were, in a way, still able to lean without muscle. Also, the Thunderchild sequence, in which Thunderchild, described in the book as a ram, did not seem like anything, was pitiful. Instead, it resembles a World War II destroyer, complete with deck weapons (which pulled but did not have crew visible), and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> Colors and backgrounds were as bad as the effects. The ridiculous of all was an early stage in which the main character and his wife go on a walk at night and he shows his Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the views of the characters and the landscape around them are natural light. There is also a very sharp delimitation between the real scenery, bathed in full sunshine, and the fake night sky with fuzzy stars. To reduce even more, the color of the scenes did not make sense. In some, they are bathed in orange light. In others the green light. In others, it is a blue light. In some cases, the outside is lighted orange, but the interiors of the houses are green or blue. The frame frame and the camera are very shocking, offering everything a stuttering look. Finally, the act is sub-par. A man portrays two characters, the only difference being that he did not need mustache. This has led to some confusion sometimes about who they were and where they were all. The English accents, even in the American ears, are scandalous. In conclusion, this movie could very well make a claim to being the worst movie released lately. I have not seen Gigli or some of the recent recent flops, but this, due to its poor quality in all respects, has to be far worse than anything Hollywood has left out of use. I would not be surprised if the film reaches 10 or 20 in the IMDb rankings. It is a pity that the Mystery Science Theater is not yet around.
