Horror movies can be very fun, with low budgets, poor action and a little panache. I think the film is missing, because in a boring scene, after another, people make air out of the air with no clutter. If it were not so boring, it could be funny. A horror film can go a long way with a tired concept such as "faculty children in a haunted house" in the same way that Evil Dead Films have had a lot of fun with a similar partial line. Unfortunately, Hallow's end does not go too far. In fact, it does not go anywhere. She spends the best part of an hour of uncharacteristic characters and anonymity with what seems like an endless interpersonal drama. I have nothing against the character's development, not even in a horror movie, but these are strictly one-dimensional characters (alpha-male, milquetoast, ... um ... characters mostly found for sexual scenes.) Expenditure for forty minutes, without blood, was much worse than when the blood began to spill. Well, it involves shedding blood, anyway. When the children in college turn into what they dress for their haunted house (one is a vampire, one wearing OR and another white pancake), they look a lot like they did in their haunted amateur costumes; Dead Hate The Living, using a similar theme, is a masterpiece in comparison. There is really no word to talk about, and there is no real fear. I've been thinking about it from almost every approach. If it had to be a tight and suspense horror movie (which would explain why things moved so slowly), pathetic sexual scenes and cheap monsters would invalidate it. If it had to be a real horror film about the blood and intestines (which would explain the hip) ... where is the blood and the courage? And the anticlimax is one of the unexpected traps of a movie I've ever seen. It's a kind of film that, although it does not have a narrator through the film, is linked to voices because all the meaningless dialogue was not enough. It was hard ... coming out of it, I wonder if I was in a horror movie. Maybe "know that hell exists" opening was not understood in this way, but there are some suggestions (or misdirection - I'm not sure what). For all the profanity of the film, a line like "gosh-darnit" is a bit absurd, as is the majority of the crucifix who worships, fears God and fears Satan, especially after several sexual scenes of a laughing (a heterosexual, a If a Christian company (the logo of Highland Myst even has a little resemblance to the crucifix), then this film weighs heavily for the atheistic camp .-- An almighty being can not be so bad a movie. >
