*WARNING. It may be the spirits over time, if you care. Well, the basic premise of this Texas home movie is: Kids from college + spookhouse + bad magic book = scary things. In practice, it is equal to a lot of time looking at time to see how much more this movie will shoot on. A bunch of brothers, along with assorted friends and volunteers, create a haunted house of charity. The project is chaired by a profoundly repellent character whose main purpose seems to be the verbal and physical attack of many casting members. It has been hard for me to think that someone would even try to work with this person in any capacity: it is nothing but rude and abusive to everyone, including his girlfriend and friend. Regardless, the kids are visited by the local character and the annual Pumpkin Jack, an elderly elderly coach who is described as "Santa Claus Halloween" and who gives up a bunch of props for the house, books prominently displayed in the prologue irritating glow (where a crowd of prickly cultists turns into a mixture). Undoubtedly, a damn madman begins to reconcile with the book, and eventually most of the costumed monsters turn into real ones, and the rest of a few ordinary people must try to survive. There are some good things in this movie, but not much: everything is shot well and the effects of makeup are decent. On the other hand, performing artists either behave or threaten it drastically; a large part of the plot makes no sense except outside a series "happens to happen"; there is almost no musical score to talk about, but just some song sounds throughout the movie; and the movie takes an hour to get anywhere. The last problem is the most pronounced: two-thirds of the 90-minute running time is used to repeatedly set up the characters. Tom is a nice guy who gives Heidi some strange control, but she used Jill, who is now dating Dan, but she started a relationship with Kira, the girl wearing too many shawls / staples. Dan is a very big bastard, Gary likes to play jokes and Steve & Lily wants to have a lot of sex. Things that could easily be solved in 20 minutes or later, to the point where the lesbian sex scene (calm, it's pretty tame) let me look for the button fast forward. That leaves us half an hour of calorie scarecrow, a klunky end and a deep contempt of Jack Pumpkin Jack, which I blame for all the misery. If you can not get this on a kind of deep rental (and you've really seen everything in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep searching.
