I sincerely believe that anyone who thinks filming would be subject to this failure. Like the films of Edward Wood, Jr. in the 1960s and 1970s, this film is a brilliant example of why real-world filmmakers are consuming so many scenarios of rewriting energy, re-editing their films, and giving special effects until you look to the right. This film is also a decent argument for the trial of pre-screening process. If Mr. Hines had been forced to endure the honest reactions of an impartial audience, he would probably have cut 75% or walk / run / walk scenes and would have written this movie within 90 minutes. Film students should see this film as an example of how the dangerous thinking of their work is "good enough" can really be. Every performance, every dialogue line, every digital effect, every filter effect, indeed, each video frame expresses the danger of a fight for a mere mediocrity. A director may feel tempted from time to time to think "At least I did something" or "Just ending this will be an accomplishment in itself." This movie will help them understand how bad a movie can be. Critics could also benefit from seeing this film before copying the latest summer entertainment "the worst film ever made." <br /> <br /> Beginners can learn from this film how important rerecords are and can understand the need for rewriting. Also, novice directors can learn the importance of a good scenario and a degree of respect for how difficult it is to write a scripture that makes the audience feel emotionally compelled by the story. Writers and directors who watch bad films made for weekly cable and I think "I can do better than THAT" can see an idea from this movie how difficult it is to produce even mediocre results. /> I sincerely believe that this film can serve as an educational tool for filmmakers. In particular, those who enter the craft in this post-Lucas and post-Spielberg environment. There is a reason that filmmakers like them are being called for their special effects. The War of the Worlds clearly illustrates that not everyone can take it out. Some can not even reach CLOSE.
