I've probably given this credit more than it's worth because it's Halloween, we were just at Knott's Scary Farm, and I was in the mood to see a truly cheesy Halloween movie. Oh, and it just cost me a dollar. Usually I'm going through a movie like this to get to "good stuff," but I resisted the need here and I'm still not sure why. It was obvious that the opening film was not a "true" movie, not even a B movie. It is more in the category of DeCoteau "horror" films, such as "The Brotherhood", shot in the film for about 50 cents (actually, I was afraid for half an hour that one of his college boys, in panties or something). There were no photos (too expensive to make more room settings) and flat lighting, but ... it's hard to identify. There is something refreshing to watch a director without money, to take out an outdated movie. The fact that he does a half decent job is commendable and this film has merits - the act is not bad, the photo is pretty good (if it's too luminous to be frightening), there are some surprises, and it's all sort of ... different in a way. A bunch of college kids are (for some reason unknown) stuck in the warehouse where they are decorating the haunted house annually. A creepy old man gives him a satanic book and accidentally calls the powers of hell. This means that the costumed people in the haunted house become those who are made to be, causing a lot of human chaos and suffering. Along the way we are treated in a subplot of complex and worrying lesbian relationships - it is interesting that this couple seems to be the best rounded in the movie. Yes, there is a sex scene, but it's not a reality - or at least no more than you can find in any legendary lesbian film that shows it to have sex. It's quite unusual for a horror film to make time and effort to do this without resorting to cheap exploitation. <br /> <br /> The other thing I was interested in was how she clearly tried to involve "silly and sexually murdered children who are being killed" by 80-year-old vibration. It's hard to take it because there are so many of those movies that already exist, the genre was killed. I'm not sure if it's good or bad for these directors to simply try to make another entry in that genre, without irony, as if it were still a kind of life, but I appreciated this attempt. it is the reason I stayed through it; sometimes you just want to watch a horror film, mindless, "A-for-effort." It was really too much set up, not enough gore, endless holes, quotes and cliques, and the unfortunate general feeling of a movie that simply did not have enough money to be the film imagined by the producers ... but the one the scenes of the haunted house were pretty cold. I would have paid to go to that haunted house if it had existed, and I would not mind paying a dollar to see it on the DVD, even if I never see it again. a possible spoiler **, but there was a fine and short business with a vampire girl in a coffin: "I was, however, claustrofob, but I changed." Oh, good.
