A handful of critics have given this film positive comments. I do not want to argue with them, but I do not agree. When I first watched this movie, I was slightly impressed. But after comparing it with other films, especially with the late master, Bruce Lee I quickly changed my mind. Actually, if it was not for the title of the movie, I would never have bought it. Game of Death 2 does not refer to the original game of death (except that it has a character, Billy Lo.) I was amazed to see how Game of Death 2 was compared with Enter the Balaur. Plots have striking resemblances: both Bruce Lee and Bobby Lo are on a rewarding mission to a relative. The two locations are similar, both of which are very isolated and are surrounded by thousands of black belts. There is an element of prostitution in both films (women are sent two guest rooms in both movies). Both Han (Enter the Dragon) and Lewis's agent have a missing hand. It's a subterranean drug operation in Enter the Dragon, believe it or not, there's one in Game of Death. Han has a cat in Enter the Dragon, the director has used his imagination and gave Lewis a monkey companion! The list goes on. <br /> <br /> As for other aspects of the movie, such as the script and the act, I felt it was very poor. It seemed to me that the director was looking for a group of martial artists to stay in the movie and pray that they could act. <br /> <br /> On a positive scale, I can not deny that choreography is impressive. Although battle sequences have strong elements of acrobatics in them, they are, however, accomplished with skill. However, because the plot is insufficient, I could not refer to the characters, so the battle sequences were more exhibitions than a meaning for the movie. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, I would say that this film is advisable to any fan of martial arts, but for those who enjoy a solid action movie with a good story and strong characters I would not recommend this movie . My opinions on this film may seem very biased and unilateral, but when Bruce Lee has set a new standard in martial arts cinemas, especially after his masterpiece: Come in Dragon, this movie has failed to meet these standards . If anything imitated a truly brilliant martial arts film, hoping to achieve the same level of fame. <br /> <br /> Referring to my assessment, giving this movie a very tough movie of 10, the movie is barley watched and must be grateful for having had the battle sequences it has done.
