In this sequel, Bruce is still called Billy Lo (bring Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee, right?) But besides, everything in common with the other movie. Billy does not seem to be an actor anymore. Looks like he's in another country. It's more like a spy. He is the only member to come back and, unfortunately, kill him to make room for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the film dies almost with him. This has been very poorly achieved. They seemed to write the script while filming. The film works for a while (it's not too obvious at first), but soon Bruce is always displayed in the dark all the time (he throws a light in a single stage for no apparent reason to hide that Bruce does not play the role part). Unfortunately, when he dies, the movie changes. I can not even wonder if they filmed while writing and probably planned to keep Bruce alive, but later he decided to kill him, because it would not have been plausible because Bobby did not appears until Billy is dead. It's hard to change the half-way lead character in the movie and Bruce is a tough thing to follow, so it's hard to accept Bobby now as the star. Bruce is never seen again in this movie. I think he should have done this sequel without Bruce having a weak role in this movie. People who hope to see a new film by Bruce Lee will be disappointed to see that although he has given the billing top, he only has a role featuring. Even the worst movies have at least one memorable bit. If there was a little about this movie about which people seem to talk about, it's the scene where Billy is fighting in a kindergarten. Ironically, he does not even use Bruce Lee's images. Remember, they made it more convincing in "Not Retreat" They do not surrender. None of the other actors ever made anything else memorable. Bruce's friend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to stop it as soon as Bruce finishes writing his brother's letter. Nothing else in the movie is worth watching. I found it sad to see Bruce die. I do not see how a small movie like this could get enough money to use the images of Enter The Dragon. It was a cheap way to try to pay Bruce's name. Strange this and the original are credited in Bruce's film. Fortunately, so far, no one has ever tried it again. 1981 was Bruce's last film. It was a sad way to end, but fortunately it is proof that Bruce's career should be left alone.
