There are so many stupid moments in "The Tower of Death" / "The Game of Death 2" that you really wonder if it's a doll. Sometimes I thought I was looking at a sequel to Kung Pow, rather than a Bruce Lee movie. To be honest, this movie has a game altogether alongside "The Game of Death". If anything, it's more of a "Enter the Dragon" sequel / remake, incorporating many elements of that movie - especially real images. Bruce Lee's character, Billy Lo (apparently), investigates his friend's sudden death and encounters a movie that's left with the man's daughter. When the body is stolen during the funeral, Billy is also killed and it is up to his wandering brother to avenge the death of the two men. Tong Long plays the role of Brother Bobby Lo and does not have the kind of charisma to carry the movie. His fighting skills are, however, very good. Bruce Lee turns out, obviously, because of the erased (simply) filming simply to collect an inheritance. Saying, overall, the material is actually edited better than in Game of Death, but it does not stop the movie from being a mess. OK, so fighting is actually really fun (I dare say the breath of my mind) and make the film at least visible. But there are so many unrelenting elements for this film that it really tests patience. First, is the alleged villain living in his palace property ... or is that mental institution? Seriously, nutter eats raw game, drinks deer blood, carries a monkey on his shoulder and holds peacocks and lions (!!). This attempt to make it look tough and smart makes you feel bad about it - you half expect someone to escort him back into his room. In fact, this middle section is terrible and when the naked prostitute scene and a lion costume came in, I stopped them. However, we finished the movie and I was glad I did it because the battle scene to the end (like "DEUS") was the reason for the viewing. While the story is an embarrassment, the action is very good and contains excellent choreography. But even the final disappointed if the premise was something to go through. What we were told was that "The Tower of Death" was a pagoda that was inverse and underground. This sounded great, like a twist on Bruce Lee's initial idea of ​​different fighting styles on each level. Could it be the "death game" that was originally planned? Not! The film should have been called the "Generating Death Chamber", because that goes to the tower. Yes, there really were one or two "different" styles ... there were foil-covered bombs, a leopard skin monk, and a stupid monk. It's as if the Dragon Entrance had never been done, the intrigue being a bad imitation. It's worth looking once for fast-paced battle scenes, but so stupid sometimes it hurts. If this was intentional, then fine. Thumbs up, however, for recreating the stage scene of the projector from 'Enter The Dragon'.
