Is it possible to give a NO STARS movie? I suppose not. Although many IMDb stars are displaying this, just think of zero and you will get my drift. The director and photographer, Timothy Hines, did not have a much larger budget than Herculean, with the same material (which was the most expensive film ever made), but this should not be an insurmountable handicap. I have seen a wonderful work done on a comparative school ("Soldier and Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity and, above all, talent, it is certainly possible to achieve a faithful teaching of Wells' novel - and a fraction of what Dreamworks has done in World War. Unfortunately, Hines has failed in all of these departments. Even if he had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise signed for the role of his movie, he would be as badly injured as the barnyard animal he put on us. First of all, Hines seems incapable of telling a story. Thanks to digital video technology, he can record images and sound, but he does not seem to have much ability to assemble a narrative with what he records. A guy goes on a country band, a lot. Speak badly. He has received another English. Then he goes on the same tape, just shot back from this time to show he's coming back - smart, right? Walking and talking, for almost an hour, everything that's going on. Okay, I'll give an extended trip from the main character house to the impact site at Horsell Common to show that it's a considerable distance from place to place might be useful (a first-year film student would could scene a more economical scenario and a more aesthetic setting than that, btw), but half a dozen times? Before and back, back and forth, and so on, with other yakkity-yak between them. Remarkable. The only explanation for this surprise surprise, other than the total artistic ineptitude, is the desire to scatter thirty minutes of bitter CG bitter works into something that could be offered as a lengthy movie. Eventually, the Martian fighting machines appear, and walking and talking are becoming running and talking or shouting. Later, I became amazing and weeping for dessert. Fortunately, much of the dialogue is raised directly from the text of H.G. Wells; otherwise I have no idea what's going on. But is not it precisely the purpose of the cinematographer to enlighten a text, to know what words I can not tell myself? If a movie is based on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how to feel, why is it bothering us? Why do not you play a radio? Orson Welles made a household name by doing that. However, Hines thinks he is a director, so he is pleased to hear the words and swallow the significance. Secondly, Hines was able to buy some kind of CG effects for his movie, but he has no idea how to use them. Now, for me, I do not have any sweet tooth unconventional for eye candy. I think science-fiction cinema does not need blinding technical effects. Some really powerful Sci-Fis have almost blossomed. But "World War" as a film requires some basic effort. Wells tells a story that depends on things that can be seen, heard and even smelled. Effects must not be complex; they can even be crude (for example, yarn-fighting machines that slide into miniature streets, as seen in the George Pal / Byron Haskins version 1953), but they must be handled well. Unfortunately, the effects of Hines are both cruel and incompetent? tripod bigger fighting cars than a cathedral spire Stomp around make a noise like a vigorous pogo stick on the linoleum ?? The big squidos, even if they have been oppressed four times the gravity of their native world scurry and flit about effortlessly perceptible? skeletons completely denuded by the meat and muscles screeching and screaming - the same hard horses and buggy greenscreens its way into the foreground a dozen times (flipped left for the right occasionally in the hope that you might not notice)? and ad nauseum. The gross technique is forgiving. So you have a CG fire effect that is less than convincing? Okay, we can fix this. Just do not use it too often and just look at it. That sequence of women looked more like a crushed plum? Throw. It is not necessary. You say your Martian fly looks like a toy on the streets? If you have to use it, continue, but please do not show it twice! But no, Hines will not listen. We get the most serious things used again and again. We have to take some boys for 180 minutes, boys. We are further acting or, more precisely, acting too much. Whether they are in a speech or just paid to die on the queue, everyone in this movie is acting their little heart. Obviously, Hines thinks he's getting a deal - More fear of terror there! You, trembling behind this tree, have a proper conception for this. Do you mean that in agony? Nonsense, my grandmother can break better - However, expressed as a whole and individually smells. They're not even good amateurs. But this must not be fatal. Many movies were made with the ranch. That's what the directors are for. And publishers. What brings another point? Who the hell let Tim Hines edit this cheese factory? If the American butchers were as skilled at cutting meat as Hines at cutting the film, your next hamburger would be all fingers and beef. In spite of the time of almost three hours of operation, there are a lot of things missing out of this movie - not sequences but unique frames that create an elusive and confusing effect that is hard to follow. Perhaps Hines' intention was to simulate the effect of a cinema camera in the 1890s. If it were, I can say he does not know how to do it.
