I would like to start by saying that I am not an anime fan (with some notable exceptions) and I generally have a poor opinion about the so-called Otakus because they are so in love with their special cartoon brand they label each movie with characters with tall hair, big eyes, like a work of art, without taking into account other more important factors, such as the plot. And no anime movie is better off this division between Otakus and real-life people than this elegant piece of garbage, Fatal Fury: The Picture of the Movie. As seen through the glassy eyes, without the eyes of an otaku, a little to find a mistake in Fatal Fury - there is a lot of Japanese-y-humorous, one-on-one, some "dramatic" moments and everything is nicely drawn. But everyone else will be deactivated by the predictable, predictable, clickable plot, predictable, culminating in a cliche and predictable end. The scenes of love are hilariously flashy - the scene in which Sulia "heals" Terry is clearly intended to be a bidding moment, but it is virtually impossible not to be thrown into laughing laughs by her absurdity. And, of course, Fatal Fury is not without T & A binding cartoon - this is offered for free by the giant Mai Shiranui. And since Fatal Fury IS is based on the video game series of the same name (oh boy), we are treated with many unnecessary cameo appearances of popular characters with little or no relevance in relation to the plot (they go through all Kim's introduction problems from the beginning, just so that he disappears from the movie entirely after that point). This disaster of a movie reaches its climax with a final, non-contentious battle, in which all the main characters engage one of the strongest one-to-one combatant. This is something that always amused me ... even when fights in animes DO NOT take place in a tournament, it always happens as though it were, no matter how it does not make any sense! > Otakus always laughs about how anime movies should be treated as FILMS, as opposed to just cartoons, and a disturbing part of the same people loves Fatal Fury. So Fatal Fury would have been good if it were not an anime? The answer is a "no" accentuated - the charm of this film, how little of it exists, is in the real drawings. Fatal Fury would not have been an anime, it would have been worthy of an episode of the Mystery 3000 Science Theater if the show was still in the air. That's the key ... there's nothing more than a bad bad movie B in the form of an anime epic. If you are a fan of such bad movies that they are actually fun, consider renting Fatal Fury (or catching it on the Sci-Fi channel), because it's certainly one of them. If you are an otaku, please WAKE UP and realize that 90% of the things you are tracking are garbage. Like everyone else, buy a Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but do not even consider this movie.
