First of all this movie was not that bad. It was fun ... at least for me, probably for all the wrong reasons. I have never seen the original, so I can not compare the two. This movie reminded me of the strange movie Christopher Reeve Village of the Damned. The two films have different scenes, but that disgusting feeling and unwanted comedy exists in both. The wicker man is supposed to be a mystery / thriller / men please do not eat the film of women. I do not know the whole pagan thing and the sacrifice was a bit smaller. Nicholas Cage, his glorious self, goes to a secluded island called Summerisle when he received a calligraphy letter from his long lost fiancé who claims her daughter was taken and hidden by her colleagues on the island. <br /> <br /> Cage is a police officer and is a tired policeman going to the semi-unloaded island, leaving no word from where to find someone in the real world. Stupid. Things become more terrifying when Amish-esquire's big women, who inhabit the island, wander around and lie around the spot of the missing girl. His fiancée is no help that seems elusive and tired all the time. Cage stays on the island when he finds out that the missing daughter is his daughter and he is the lucky man who has tricked to come to this island as a sacrificial victim during the island's ill-fated island festival. In this movie, men are not so good at you. A sick poster twisted by feminism? <br /> <br /> I found the ridiculous movie at special moments, especially when the carriages pull down some women and run around a bear suit. I think there were too many holes in this movie. I find the whole concept of angry women seized on an island without any care for men quite fun, but the way it was portrayed in this movie was just weird. While most women have suffered a laugh and anger, it is clearly a form of sexism. I would have disabled the movie if the roles were reversed. This movie is something to watch just once or twice. It's not a thriller that should be classified as weird.
