Sometimes, laughter in the middle of a horror film is a sign of his greatness. Do I remember the nervous laughter from the audience in the revival of The Excorcist? really laughing nervously. She revealed how frightened I have all seen Satan's voice that came out of a 12-year-old girl. In the 1972 remake, the classic Wicker Man made me think that this new Wickerman is as scary as the South Park character, Scuzzlebut, Patrick Duffy's friendly forest monster for a leg and celery celery for a The arm that is your favorite hobby is woven baskets. Three years ago, a friend of mine at Hollywood told me he heard that Nicolas Cage was going to make the remake of the movie. I started laughing and my friend (Keith) got mad at me that I was looking for Nicolas Cage as a great actor. I did not think he could shoot him and, unfortunately, for someone who had a movie, I was right. Gone is reality, remarkable original music, originality, humor and great dialogue. Instead, we have horror film clips, acting affected and changes in the story, which make any credibility collapse. Like many of the countless Hollywood remakes I've been flooded with lately, it feels like watching classes IV on a "playing Wickerman" playground. The original film takes place on a remote Scottish island where a Scottish police officer is lured there to find a missing girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new spin, a California policeman (Cage) is praised on an island on the coast of Washington by his ex-girlfriend to find his missing daughter. She sends a picture and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young woman she tried to save in a fire accident not long ago. The accident still haunts him in part because the girl's body has never been found. Still, even after receiving a letter with her picture of her, this connection is completely thrown away when she heads north alone to help the ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He gets to find an island full of actors claiming to be descendants of Wiccans, many of whom seem to have received no calls for roles in the village. And like Satul, it's not long before you realize that there's nothing to be afraid of here. Not even the blind, dark-eyed sisters who speak in unison. I think the Hollywood opportunity to make big sums of money on a movie often comes with great expense for art. I think somebody like Nicolas Cage who is in so many movies these days is losing touch with the magic the movie can have when he gets to the point where he has a personal cook on the set that prepares his snacks. I needed a bad re-making of Wickerman, because I needed another movie "9-11". I'm beginning to wonder if Nicolas changed his family name from Coppola because he wanted or because he was pleading to do so.
