If Edward Woodward was the movies watching this movie, then he would scream in horror. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, but enough. I had Get Carter, the Italian job, Alfie and now that. What are the similarities? It is no coincidence that three of the original stars Maurice Micklewhite and the other sees another great British actor. The main common ingredient in these original is the britishness of the films. They were not made to impress Hollywood. These were English movies with a unique charm / atmosphere that can not be replicated in the US. The word is CULT and what better way of destroying a cult than bastarding it with a remake or even a sequel. <br /> <br /> Wicker 06 had a tough task before getting on the road. Wicker 73 is even more enigmatic than other cult films mentioned; defying genre, intelligent scriptures, class A actors, musical score, defying pieces, and all the stories surrounding the movie. So there comes a remake. Do not worry. No original copy was hurt in making this remake. Some important aspects of the story had to be resumed for the modern US - communications, paganism, virgins. But that's just about the whole premise. So we give the policeman a trauma in the style of Nam passed full with flashbacks of music shocks for cheap scares. Then without a mast on the mobile phone on the island that sorts the communication, but in the real world this would not happen. The cops are not missing. Give him a blood link for motivation rather than a clash of beliefs and you have the remake. Slim cap, is not it? It was just a trowel. Name changes were simply harnesses, they almost wore it, there was no sense of community on the island, no city center to catch your bearings, only a few houses dotted with a forest, and that was it. Willow was just annoying, with no information, and Cage was useless to let her disappear. When he entered the well, you knew he would block him. The script has been signaled to the end - and you just wanted to hurry up and finish. The epilogue was absolutely hilarious and did not know when to stop. <br /> <br /> This end is probably the best way to sum up the difference between the two. One ends in the most beautiful sunset after the worst day. The other one ends with a post-production conclusion explaining-all-to-the-thick. I liked the original, but I went to the cinema with an open mind and I was thrilled to see the movie. I left grateful, knowing that this movie would probably end up under a road somewhere only this time forgotten forever.
