The wicker made it impossible! She has replaced Cat Woman as the worst recent film in my steel film mind. Yeah, it's really so bad. As sorry as when I sit down to write this review, I thought, "If I had a choice to see this movie again or give it to me in warm red eyes in my eyes, I might go to those hot tomatoes. <br /> Neil LaBute created a rare movie in which Joel Schumacher could sit back and say with comfort and a free mind to say "Yeah, that's a bad direction there." I think the first clue for myself should have been the line of labels: "There must be sacrifices." Surely you might seem a sort of mischievous threatening to intrigue you, but the sacrifice will still be on the audience's part trust me that the people responsible for this film should be accused of a hate crime ... or at least fraud because you try to pass that as any kind of entertainment. people are just there for reproduction and I'd be degr to be stuck on Gilligans Island, with just pictures of Condoleezza Rice, then I'm stuck there. The most fun part about this movie was the one who broke the hardest fart I've ever heard in a movie theater. It's not a joke, nor a fiction. I've never been to a "thriller" and heard so many laughter through the movie. I can not tell you for sure whether the laughter was intentional in the effort to ease the cinematic tension or whether they really thought this cruel would actually fly. I honestly realized that I headed for a power outage or maybe a struggle to burst into the cinema, anything to make it more interesting, which is quite sad when Deez, Powder and I hit 2 beers each before the film just for a little mental anesthesia (soon to be a law before all the Nic Cage films, write to your congressman today, do not be late). At some point I've probably thought this movie is really a spoof and Anna Ferris will show up? Oh how I want. Nothing Cage throws so much bacon on the frame I'm thinking of having a cholesterol test done today. Think I thought Sean Penn was a dick because he hit Nic's act, he's still a younger boy than one? Yes, Sean Penn's d-ck was diminished because of this movie. Give us all a favor No one's playing your strengths and you're bad pathetic and drunk. You can not play a superman, you can not play strong roles, go straight to jail, do not pass, do not collect 200 dollars. The best moments in this movie are when he finally gets disappointed and you actually give a belly woman to steal the bear suit (as a fart, not a joke or a functional moment during this review), then it starts to run amok as Conan O'Brian's masturbation of the bear, but with half of the hilarity of a bear banging around the game. Fortunately, he meets shortly after it turns out to be a crowd sacrifice at Burning Man's new hybrid hybrid show and the Lilith fair. Yes!!!! I have spoiled the end for you and if you knew better to build statues from me in worship and sing songs from my legend. I sat down in this crap-fest, so I do not have to. Half way through this little mistake I always thought Jack Bauer would have wrapped the case in 20 minutes in real time. . 35 minutes if Kim is attacked by a mountain lion first. Even Steve Martin as Inspector Clouseau could have figured this out in less than an hour, and you're not Inspector Clouseau. If for some reason you went captive and you choose to watch this movie or take a bullet, take the bullet. Somewhere Uwe Boll laughs at us all.
