A phenomenal achievement in horror. In fact, it's terribly terrible. First of all ... Nicholas Cage must now have reached the Over-Emoting final in his acting class. Wearing new hair pads and a face that was lifted so many times that his back ears seemed to be tightened to touch in the back he does not only destroy a sick smirmiess but creates a hero character you do not have no interest in interest. <br /> <br /> I do not know what's wrong with Neil Labute and the female characters. It makes women totally deviant and evil ... and pays them back by the fact that Cage has penetrated some of them directly into the front and called them all "b **** es" several times . I enjoyed LaBute's first films and some of his songs ... but it's a strange fascination he has. I would give a 2 out of 10 movie just based on Ellen Burstyn's performance. When she finally appears (courageous with the soldiers through her scenes, her wig line visible on her forehead), it seems that all hope can be lost. She deserves an Oscar right here and now because she has said her lines with a straight face, and when she appears wearing a white mum and blue, white and thriving white paint on the Wicker Man, you know that working with Scorcese and Friedkin was preparing it for a while, really for this role it does well. This movie is so wrong-with head and cuckoo, which is to be seen to be believed. Highlights include: Nicholas Cage running away from a swarm of bees and then falling on a hill. Nicholas Cage steals a bike and shows Mrs. Gulch from the Wizard of Oz riding on her. Nicholas Cage running around the island hit the doors looking for the missing face. Leelee Sobieski PLUMMETING from an acting career once promising in a "battle" with Cage. Ellen Burstyn dancing around said while mummy. Nicholas Cage screaming "Who burned it? Who burned it? Who burned? Who burned? Who burned? Who burned it? For no reason." Nicholas Cage in a bear suit ) by running through the forest, removing the costume (but leaving it on the feet of the bear) and then making some karate moves to some villains. And you did not live until you saw the last 15 minutes of the movie and its terrible epilogue that seemed to have been shot yesterday in the basement of your cousin. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, if you manage to make this movie without laughing out loud, we deserve a medal. In fact, it was a point in the movie in which I stopped I wonder if maybe it was not a complicated elaboration of the "hysteria" films ... just to be reminded when Cage will scream / yell / whisper the dialogue that it really was taken seriously. intended to be a cult movie again ... just because it's so terrible.
