All the others who have commented negatively on this film have made an excellent analysis of why this movie is so frightening. I was not going to comment, but the film disturbs me so much, and especially the writer / director. So I have to throw in my hat to join the naysayers. I have seen the original "Wicker Man" and really loved the hornbill of music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world, and the clash of theological beliefs. This said, I'm not a part of the crowd who thinks remakes of great movies should not be done. For example, I liked the 1950s initiative "The invasion of the defeat troops," but also enjoyed the remake of 1978. Both films can stand alone. Another example is "The Thing". The original, equally campanic compared to today's standards, has a lot of pride in the remake of 1982 with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror movie). So a small minority of people who like "Wicker Man" can not accuse me of uprooting this piece of nonsense just because it's a re-make. This film has solidified Neil LaBute's sexism and misogynist tendencies for me. I also wondered how directors, who want to make a serious thriller, would light green a product that is so anti-feminine. There are too many Cage scenes that hit women just because he was frustrated by the fact that he countered the investigation of a missing girl. would it react on the island in other cases where suspects are not present? The original created a society where men and women are equal participants in a religion based on the Goddess. The threat to the main character came from all men and women. There was no sexual hierarchy. The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. was a bit difficult to handle and convenient ("Drona must die!"), Especially when Cage's character has bee allergies. I was wondering why the men on the island did not fight back and used the simple physicality to stop these women from treating them as graves. These were not women with special supernatural powers, half of them looked pregnant, the other half grew older, and the rest of the girls were thin blonde, so if the men wanted to escape, they could do what most men do when they hate the women. He physically dominates them. There seemed no weapons or weapons beyond the cutting tools to keep them if they were unhappy. But if they were happy to be drone, why can not I talk to them? These could be used as a threat to Cage for defending the community. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to think that a women-led society would leave men castrated. (This movie has already been made "Stepford Wives" Anyone?) Classical symptoms from men who fear what might happen if women got together and were really equal citizens. with the feminine society that hates men is that it makes watching films unpleasant and creates unintentionally humor when Cage begins to beat women out. I think LaBute should have left the society an egalitarian one, kept sexuality and lack of inhibition, and pushed buttons of discomfort to the children of that island. Nobody likes pedophiles or children to be sexually exploited. So, how would a policeman react if he saw heavy acts of adults with children around? It would be a logical mental leap that these children are abused, so an emergency created to save the missing child and to get help for all the children. LaBute said she created the story of her fiancé and daughter to give Cage an incentive to look for. I do not think you need that. Any abused child will make an adult react to save them. The irony, of course, is that the child Cage "saves" finally brings death. The dialogue was invented and the field. The third act was hilarious. The audience I saw with blunder (and later defeated at the end). I thought the movie started to make mistakes when the letter arrived in the fancy manuscript and all the flashbacks cut to show how hurt Cage was. We do not need that. Show him that I'm coming to the island to investigate a missing child. Most of us in America have seen "Law and Order" and other police procedures. We're in the movie as if we're Cage's partner who's solving a mystery. So much ... potentially ... lost. Neil LaBute, stay in pictures with the head of speech for people who enjoy games and movements like this angst. Stay with your own company of people. Leave thrillers for those who understand thrillers. Here's your honey jar. I'll see that.
