I am here today, forcing myself to do this. I think I blew 6 bux on VHS, you could suffer for it. I remember about 4 or 5 years ago doing an internet search for the "War of the Worlds" cause of Spielberg's rumors of that era, and we lost the old television series since the early 1990s. The website states that this was a $ 1 million budget extraction of the classic book. It will be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more in tune with this movie. First, the video on this movie was glitched! It looked as if I had watched Full Motion from an old PC PC game in the mid-90s or from the Playstation CD-Rom. Unfortunately, the color quality was similar. The actor has made the Shatners classic "dramatic pause" showing Shakespeare's closeness to quality. The CG reproduction of the different scenes was terrible, and the green screen sequences were worse than those seen in the old Dukes of Hazardd scenes. Second, it is slow and terrible pulled. I stayed for 45 minutes from the video (no promotions at the beginning) before the drum opened to reveal the first stranger. After that, the alien was a CG quality calmar. There's an hour now, and most of the alien weapon we've seen is a rotating silver disk (clogged down) attached to a mechanical arm. Dramatic scenes are killed with instrumental instruments. The last thing about this, for an invasion of aliens at the beginning of the nineteenth century, is NOT worried about their lives. It's like they do not have a concept. Even if the media was slow, the word in the mouth is spreading fast and people would have known. The "illusion" of the day and night was at best. Simply changing the color around people to purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Perhaps some effective candles and shoots would have given a better illusion PRINT. There are many missed sequences in the movie watching the "hero" gallop around or on foot on silly roads. Continue with the movie. I know how people are spinning, you do not have to be so in-depth. Now, finally an hour and 5 minutes in the film and looks alien cars. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers have had better effects. Even the skeleton of the vaporized people seemed to be animated by a class student in the spring class for a freshman computer. Animals do not match the landscape at all. <br /> <br /> In prison, if you want the "World War", do one of the four things. 1) Watch the original 1953, 2) Watch the TV series in the early 90s, 3) Wait for Spielberg's extradition to be released as soon as possible, OR 4) Read the frikkin book (probably probably done in the English class Basic). AVOID THIS MOVIE. It's a waste of money.
