Prior to launch, Neil LaBute had to say about the 1973 original: "It's surprising how many people say it's their favorite soundtrack. I feel, come on, maybe you do not like the new one, but if this is your favorite soundtrack, I do not know if I want to like my movie. Neil, a word. You might want to stay for that, as Lord Summerisle says, the shocks are much better absorbed with the knee bends. You see, Neil, the thing about the original, is that Paul Giovanni's soundtrack is one of the most famous things about him, the producers themselves think of it as a virtual music. Together with Richard and Danny Thompson and Bert Jansch, of the new 1970s popular wake-up is like the jaw imagery without John Williams or Buddy Holly's story without Buddy Holly The result is one of the most amazing remakes of a cult t classic British from Get Carter from Sly Stallone. The original left Nicolas Cage "disturbed for about two weeks". So disturbed in that two-week window that he invented the idea of ​​renewing one of the most nuanced films about the inter-faith struggle ever invented by a former writer known for his totally disgraced images of chauvinism. It's like a salon game: what if Sam Peckinpah took Bambi? Or Gaspar "irreversible" Noah remakes love, in fact? (In fact, I would really like to see this). Unfortunately, someone has taken this salon game seriously: all that LaBute has managed to do is destroy the courage of the original while defrauding him with his own sexual preoccupations. After failing to save a girl and her mother from a fatal car accident, the patron of Cage's motorway spiral in a meditated torpor. Then she receives a letter from former engagement partner Willow Woodward (who deals with the name kudos), who now lives on the private island community of Summersisle? that extra "s" means "superfluous"? and wants Edward to help find the missing Rowan daughter. Summersisle, apparently, is a women-dominated village, conceived as a refuge for the oppressed women and the Salem witch tribes. Here, the matriarchs observe the Olde ways, and some men are the race of the nearest race. It's like the Lilith fair on a big scale. Summersisle the main export is honey? a symbolic and literal pain for Edward, being allergic to bees. "Beekeepers!" Cried Edward. "Looks like they're everywhere on this island!" Well, that's because Summersisle's main export is honey. While doing research, Edward hears a ritual approaching today, called "the time of death and rebirth." Discover that the previous year's harvest failed; almost dies from bee stings; and ultimately comes to a conclusion (a conclusion that, of course, would not be more obvious if the locals tattooed a calendar of events on the back of their hands), that Rowan would be burnt alive in a pagan ritual to secure a rich harvest. She also meets Queen Bee of the hive, Sister Summersisle (Burstyn), who has plans for himself, involving Wicker Man: "Drona must die." <br /> <br /> First of all, the good news: any Cage concern will be transmitted from Wicker Man's flame jaws at the last moment by a CIA black helicopter fleet can be put to rest: he toast . It's about the good news. "This is a story whose chapters have been carefully written," Burstyn said with sublime irony. Although it retains the basic premise of the cat and the mouse (and the typography of credits), what remains the subject of a burned earth policy. Crucial to Shaffer's original script was that his Christian copper, according to the ritual, came to the island by his free will? and most importantly, was virgin; the perfect sacrifice. In reducing the problems of a sexual battle, unlike a religious struggle, LaBute has the lowest qualifying for the harvest sacrifice. Until Cage worked, he was the bait, you could not really care less. And Cage is one of the worst things in this; a wood donkey, devious? an arsewit whose language seems too small for his mouth. "Lord," she cried after halting a drowning Rowan, with all the psychic torment of a man who put his morning alarm clock in half an hour early. It is hoped that it is the frequent addiction of the character to the pills that have reduced it to this state? alternately tired, then full of vague vip. If so, it is a fine representation of an undetected IQ along with antidepressants. If not, he does not think. Like Willow, Beahan's plate-dish is just as terrible, showing his lines as if he were competing with Cage for delivering the second half of his soul. While Burstyn does not entirely have the mercurial threat to convince. Who's Afraid Naomi Wolf? <br /> <br /> Every element that made the original big? detailed images filled with love of folk customs, ingenious score, dialogue (The Lord Summerisle's Majesty "You Made It Beautiful!" has been replaced by less attractive "You Made It Excellent"! have been replaced by a battle thriller The Cage's Sister Beech bashing is just one of the most embarrassing episodes, and the helpless men will be gladly cheerful at the cake-bang. how hippie chickens have eventually received what they brought, hyuk hyuk. The closing coke sees all the rotten mess that collapses under the weight of the gender cliché: in a bar, two guys get into a pair of virgins from Summersisle to shore leave, in the fresh martyrs' flirting. At the time of their successful takeover, you expect half of the women to come back and give an exaggerated smile and a thumbs up to the camera. One more thing: credit supervisors may have noticed that movies that have an unusually large producers (some up to 10 years) tend to be not too many children. Wicker Man has a total of 18 producers.
