Normally, when writing an online movie review, this is one of three reasons. Whether or not I found something extremely lacking in a movie that would otherwise have been excellent, I think the public perception of a movie before seeing it is inaccurate for several reasons or I think the purpose or message of a movie needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. Although all these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I think writing a review that contains nothing but a praise and statements such as "This is one of the best movies of all time!", Do nothing to illuminate a spectator potential merits and disadvantages, and do not often give reason for why a movie is so good that it should represent the point of view of the review, first of all. With this, it was said, The World War is nothing more than a hasty, incompetent attempt at grasping money; to support its troubled housing advertising campaign millions of dollars the movie of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD awaiting the summer blockbuster, and many poor souls will buy it by searching for more material on the same subject. This movie is not even "so bad" that it becomes funny or beloved, but rather the audience will be so incredibly disappointed to get to the point of rage. Now with the most insults in the way, let me give some arguments as a warning to the lucky ones than me. Judging by the cover and the lack of advertising for this film (I found it as Club SAM for $ 8), I assumed that the distribution would be non-name and that the special effects would not be anything too spectacular. Check it out. This is not a big deal for me because I find a big budget and too much dependence on big names and the SE can diminish a decent film. I also did not expect to be rejected by a large dialogue or moving score. Check again. What we hoped was a serious attempt at a classical theme and a few extraterrestrial / battle scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, according to IMDb policy, any spoilers must be announced in advance, no matter how small, so it's a good warning. The film opens with a lot of small talks, followed by a trip to an observer to look at a red dot. Seriously, it's a picture of a red dot in a tube. It is very difficult to describe each problem in depth, but by the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of the unshakable work of the cameras, the combined scenes, and a lot of walking begin to stir up the viewer. However, the costume is not surprisingly bad and the hope that the pods will reveal something mysterious keeps you going. The next 30 minutes essentially go like this: one of the main characters goes to one of the pods, looks at the pods and talks with another main character about the bridge look and can be hot. They both go back to town. These walks are not two seconds or added, so the dialogue can be changed. These are twenty seconds or more and are there simply to add filler to a three-hour inflated movie. In a particularly tedious scene, the main character is shown looking at a bridge, then he is shown pacing and panting, then looks at the bridge, then takes a one-minute walk into a field in the city, then comes in town and enters a building, then has a cup of coffee and says "Thanks Mary" to a random maid serving her coffee, then puts the coffee and leaves the building, then goes a few minutes to the field and back to the bridge. I apologize for the extreme sentence, but it's probably the best way to summarize the entire movie. Characters talk too much about worldly things, go a lot, send other people to go, the camera fluctuates between high speed and low speed, but for no dramatic effect, simply the camera man is a second student at Tech somewhere. Editing is awfully awesome. People's actions do not make sense. For example, when the teacher goes to a farmer's house and says he needs a farmer to let him go, the farmer stutters and moves. When the teacher says there is a bridge and people can be caught inside, the farmer blocks him in a garden just to see the teacher catch a fork and open a vague one second later. Nothing, of course, comes from this scene, the teacher enters the main character a moment later so he can start the afternoon. The whole movie feels like someone at one point had a good idea about making a movie, but no idea how to get that moving. I've seen high-school video productions better. Eventually, the special effects are ridiculous and do nothing to promote the story. I have the feeling that the director really wanted this movie to become somewhat a classic cult garbage from the ground. However, it is so terrible in technical matters, and in the common sense it is just crazy people. Avoid this movie at any cost.
