Do not expect too much from an image of the RPC and, with rare exceptions - especially from Edgar G. Ulmer and some by Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - that's exactly what you get: not too much. This "epic" about Nazi Nazis in Africa, which is trying to incite an Arab rebellion against the British, is no different. The scenario, according to the old maps of the PRC, Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe are traitorous, ridiculous, full of wicked "wisecracks," and holes of Outer Mongolia. The long-standing direction of a PRC budget specialist, Al Herman, is, at best, semi-comatose. However, with the exception of spectacularly incompetent and irritating lead ham Walter Woolf King - are not really half bad. Comedy veteran Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the movie. Playing a guy from Brooklyn, who deals with the razor blade vendor, and illuminates the screen considerably when he appears. It has an extraordinary comedy program, a spare charm and seems to have a good time. Duncan Renaldo is quite convinced that an Arabic Shakedown - despite his Spanish accent - and bad veteran George J. Lewis as Renaldo's Arab rival does his usual malicious work, even if he goes a little over the top. Joan Woodbury is pretty pretty and has a slight touch and she and Renaldo have a great chemistry together, though - like the other beaver - she does not have the king at all. H.B. Warner, whose career stretched to the silent age, gives a dignity to the dignity of low-rent procedures, even if he hits his lines a few times, and PRC being the PRC, were not cut. There is a great deal of material to film from a silent budget movie with a similar Arab theme - though I have no idea what it is - and PRC being the PRC, no effort has been made to try to make it unclear: I have rarely seen images that were so obvious. A "Yank in Libya" is not very good, of course - well, OK, it goes out - but it would be worth a look just to see Parkyakarkus in the foreground. I heard of him and I knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but he never really saw him. It deserved to watch this tenth rate "PRF" to see it in action. Otherwise, look.
