I have recently seen the revival of Blithe Spirit on Broadway with Angela Lansbury, Rupert Everett, Christine Ebersole and Jayne Atkinson. It's a terrible production and shows what good actors can do with a less than perfect play. Angela Lansbury is extremely funny like Madame Arcati. It was probably a mistake to check the movie version of Rex Harrison. The film does not have the energy or laughs of a good stage production. "Blithe Spirit" is probably one of those tracks that works better with a live cast, in an audience full of people who have come to laugh. Actors can improvise, touch and shade their performance and line delivery, and engage the audience at a personal level that you can not find in a cinema house or a DVD that shows if the audience is separate from story by "The Fourth Wall." Story: Charles Condomine (Rex Harrison), a successful writer, lives with his wife Ruth (Constance Cummings) in a rural house in England. Seeking information for his next book, a book that deals with the supernatural, Charles invites Madame Arcati (Margaret Rutherford, resuming her role in the original production in London in 1941), a local spiritual environment in his home to conduct a meeting . Charles thinks spiritism is a false one, but he hopes to raise the "tricks of trade." But then Madame Arcati brings back the ghost of Elvira (Kaye Hammond), Charles's first wife, who died of pneumonia seven years ago. Elvira refuses to leave and develops a rivalry of spitting Ruth over Charles (complicated by the fact that only Charles can see or hear Elvira). On stage, actors can offer shows that invite laughs in this situation. But on the screen, actors in Blithe Spirit break through lines as if they do not know that someone is listening to them. Mumble lines that were designed to laugh on stage. The performances of Harrison, Cummings and even Kaye Hammond are flat and lifeless. Only Margaret Rutherford seems to keep his spark and humor like Madame Arcati. The winning visual effects of the Oscar in the film are not impressive - not just by today's standards, but by the 1946 standards! They consist mostly of Kaye Hammond who walks in green fluorescent costumes and makeup, being photographed in special lighting to make her look like a ghostly ghost. Cinematography deserves a credit for creative lighting. But compare the boring visual effects of "Blithe Spirit" to the truly revolutionary effects of Disney's "Song of the South" - which was eligible for the same year's awards. In the "South," people and animated characters share the perfect screen for a few minutes at a time. Compared to "South" Oscar "Blithe Spirit" received for special effects was completely deserved. In any case, I can encourage you to catch the revival on Broadway of this game with Angela Lansbury before it closes. As for the movie with Rex Harrison, jump over him.
