Do you have to love the opening sequences like the "Seven Women for Satan"? During the introduction, there is an empty girl passing through the forest, followed by a hunting dog and a keen guy on a horse, until he falls on a rock and shares his head open on a rock. Then the camera approaches man's face and notices how he is simply behind an office while the secretary waits for him to sign some documents. "Oh, I'm sorry, I lost myself in my thoughts?" he says then! Sweet, I hit another full movie. Even if you only understand a minimum of French and you look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven Women for Satan" has nothing to do with the sacrifices of Satan or ritual, but simply revolves in the flamboyant escapades of a pervert and mental instability during his weekend in the countryside. This is, in fact, another unpleasant version on the classic "The Most Dangerous Game" milestone about a hobby troubled by madmen? preferably chicken naked creeps - in the forest for sports. In fact, this is more than a variant of the 1932 classic, as a writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine, who had the claim to directly bind his protagonist to Leslie Banks' legendary character in "The Most Dangerous Game ". Count Zaroff is supposed to be Count Zaroff's original son, but he has changed his private island for the remote rural country. He also stops being unemployed, so he's an office clerk from Monday to Friday and a manic killer on weekends. Zaroff is a strange thing that hallucinates the dance with the deceased woman, but actually drives her car over the living. His butler hired once to prevent Zaroffs killing, but obviously doing a bad job. There is no depth in the scenario, and the accumulation certainly does not pay attention to the suspense or sinister atmosphere. Indeed, the only thing to do during this film is counting the girls who are lured to Zaroff's deceptive trap and hope they will reach seven fast. Half of the film is a useless and tiring recording, like an erotic dance act, in which a statue turns inexplicably into a black muscular type (???) and the other half exists by the psychedelic boring, which eventually grows so tiring, even if all the girls look coveted. I have the impression that it was Michel Lemoine's intention to imitate his friend Jean Rollin and to make a delusional sexual thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so inevitably she sees Jess Franco, director of Howard Vernon ("The Wrong Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine certainly has a crazy killer, but not the talent to describe one.
