1930 "was a golden age of Los Angeles with the film industry and a great potential for various other possibilities to become rich, famous and happy.The people arrived there hoping to fulfill their dreams Waiting for the open arms and welcoming offers, there were only a few who had managed to succeed and found their way to the stardom, most of whom were then condemned to starve, disillusioned and unwanted, looking for respect in dirty bars and ugly hotel rooms. Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in Los Angeles in a similar search - to spread his charm around him to get one of those beautiful rich women and to write an excellent novel to put him on a career, having until now a short story published in an obscure anthology. Wanting to create a romantic masterpiece, seems to fail to produce anything without convincing starring with himself, though occasionally sending stories to a local publisher that helps him survive. He is proud to present himself as an Italian, but deep in his heart, he really feels his Italian origin as a burden. Little money and the courage to conquer the world he had once disappeared and he pursued his dream transforming himself into a hangover with a last single nickel to spend. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought was cold and sour and spitting a curse on her triggers an endless relationship of insults, unspoken excuses and a hidden love underneath. Camilla, being a needy girl who is trying to get American citizenship through a marriage, also carries a cumbersome cross of a non-prospective racial heritage. Although she is a person with a stronger and more experienced experience, her situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much more difficult than Arturo is capable of realizing. <br /> <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo finally finds the inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible their love to find their place in the sun? Is it very likely that their romance has an unfortunate turn? It is very surprising to learn that the chemistry between the two main characters, played by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The relationship does not have raw and authentic feelings. Hayek, although a more vivid character compared to Farrell, forgot to arm Camilla with the passion and power of his brilliant character, Frida. It's also hard to trust a character who, being smart, but uneducated and illiterate, uses rather difficult vocabulary words and complicated sentences. A heavier character of a Phil Marlowe guy will surely match Farrell, though he looks amazing in an antique costume, seems very lost trying to find the fragile world of a twenty-year-old dreamer who balances a hidden love and the desire to be true to himself. <br /> <br /> The embarrassing feeling of looking at the two on the screen is not right. Their relationship could have been wild, but it is more likely that thunder and lightning would be without a storm, away from real passion, the feelings simply described do not feel inside. It is very sad that such potential of an interesting scenario and good actors has been wasted, transformed into a gray mean of those to be forgotten.
