It must have been tortuous to attend the daily, because filming continued on this film failure. Probably Cruise, Exec. Prod, He saw what happened and used Towne, much more of the nude material in the last cut that Towne wanted to make up for the disaster he saw. (Perhaps Cruise was even thinking of "Titanic"). a few items: Colin Farrell can not get out of a paper bag. But he is one of the most beautiful adventures, the lover of a producer, and one is forcibly forced to avoid looking at him without watching his films. He has so many moments not to believe in what he does and you can see in his eyes. I think he would have been the best in the role of a film actor, though not as rich or famous as he now, playing the second banana to the dynamic leaders who can act. The trap of spending a lot of money for vintage sets, suits, cars and more and photograph them as if they just came from dry cleaning or washing / car wax. No one seems to want to see anything, well, worn. Or dirty. Is that because the production designer was told by the line producer to make sure they did not ruin things because then the company would have to pay for the ruined items? This was a story about depression - thirty people, not a Disney Broadway musical about that era. What would you do in black and white or better, considering Caleb Deschanel as DSP, to desaturate the colors during the blend to suggest some of the current care and poverty of the times. It should have been, after all, a little depressing to live so desperately like these people in the Depression. More about Farrell. Did anyone think for a moment that guy was a writer? H.L. Mencken on the wall; did I see his eyes rolling at some point? Hayek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? Send a boy to do a man's work? Perhaps in the book I did not read, the story was about an older woman and a young woman. I can not go deep in the middle of the movies in the last part of the movie because I saved myself earlier. But remembering the scenes I was seeing made me think that someone was making a rather funny parody about a noir movie. A sort of what was Saturday night for the last decade: it's not funny. (In my mind I thought of a Guy Noir sketch, of music and of all.)
