Ned Kelly (Ledger), offensive infamous and Australian legend. A kind of Robin Hood, with a mix of Billy the Kid, Australians love the legend of how they opposed aristocratic oppression in English and unified the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of time were around 70% of immigrant offenders seems to be usually crammed around this film. Indeed, many so-called "facts" in this film are, in reflection, a dubious thing. I think the suspicions should have been awakened when, in the opening credits, it was said that the film is based on our "Sunshine" book. If ever a romantic version of the truth could be seen in a name for a book, there it was. This will not be a historic epic, but just an adaptation of one of the many dubious legends about Ned Kelly, though a brutal and sporadic brutal version. Sadly, Ned Kelly is just an overcrowded Hallmark channel 'real drama of historical life' wannabe! The story moves along an alarming rate (alarming because never a movie was shot so slowly!) The feeling of numbness after the two hours of pure cleansing has brought memories of Costner's awful Wyatt Earp all those years in follow. Simply, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time to get to nothing. This could have been a bit more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction was sure it was not). However, unless you want to play an on-site game with the worst Oirish accent, then you will be disappointed. Between this, the game "Who has the worst beard?" (clue, all are ginger for any reason) and "Nature in Australia, including the lions" is a Hallmark, Channel History, Discovery Channel and Neighbors experience while you're hitting a huge hangover. Yes, nature appears very much to fill even more time (perhaps an attempt to show art), the film continues to show useless photographs and once all indigenous species are shown, here is a circus to allow a camel and a lion (which is used during a single fight to try to make us feel much worse for the lion than the massacred people). This is a piece of historical emotionless emotion that has to go straight to the TV. There is not even a good word about this movie. Even Rush, usually fantastic, seems embarrassed to be here. When one of the characters says there are only 2 bullets remaining for him and his boyfriend, I myself wanted to have a gun to throw any remembrance of this movie from my head!
