I can not go through the message of this movie. She is too clear to be ignored and obsessed because she has lost her sense of what it is all about. I did not read the novel, but Pollack's film opens with a scene at a CIA in New York, which is broken by two professional assassins, led by Max von Sydow, who brutally turned the six hundred strange people to the members we know and understand them. The staff includes an elderly female receptionist, a teenage old teacher, who is unleashed when killed (is this a joke?) And, eventually, the beautiful Tina Chen looking at the copier realizes it is talking about being killed and saying, bravely brave: "I will not yell." Von Sydow responds with sympathy: "I know." These crimes are completely unexpected, wild, unmotivated by everything we are aware of and graphically. It's a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way that von Sydow and his supporter can be redeemed. And yet, exactly what Pollack is trying to make to the end. After killing these innocent good boys, von Sydow switches the sides (because the other party is willing to pay him) and assassinates brain damage behind a complex CIA intramural plot. The script makes him a perfectly reasonable and sensible human being. "It is better to live in Europe. Things did not hurry like that." Or anything. I swear I'm not doing this. Pollack wants us to think it's better to be a mass murderer than a bureaucratic crook. That's the message. You should write it if you forget. Just what kind of psychiatry do you need to be in order to turn the usual values, not to mention common sense, with that? I understand that there are adults who are not happy with the United States government, even hate it and who see conspiracies almost everywhere, providing a knee explanation for otherwise inexplicable events. I know there are people who think so, because I call some of my closest friends. However, at some point this contempt, this hate, if it grows in intensity, must go beyond politics or ethics and in the psychiatric field. I do not think a man who kills people for money is better than a sinister government official. I do not care what the murderer's sovereign and culture is or if he knows how to get to the Louvre on the subway. Anyone receiving this message needs either medication or meditation. I want to argue that production is as bad as her message, but I can not. It's pretty well done. (In some ways, this is worse because it makes the film less discredited.) Even New York City looks on the screen on the photogenic screen. And it's been a long time since I thought of New York as photogenic. Robert Redford does an admirable job of projecting the initial shock and confusion of his character, but then turns into a telecommunication semi-genius. And, man, look good! His closet is right. Even seamless glasses become. And his peacock. Not everyone who can make a silk flower jacket looks glamorous. And he looks very nice, the pig. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and a tie with such a ribbon. Faye Dunaway is fine in her role, but it's not a credible role. Does anyone sleep with a guy who just kidnapped her and put her on the gun? Even if she looked like Redford? Would anyone emotionally hurt if, when this ambivalent relationship is about to end, Redford asked her not to tell anyone what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He does one or two very good trials. Mailman is great. The struggle between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is very choreographic, and for once we do not really know how it will prove, because Redford (a book reader, after all) seems inappropriate to the brutal cunning of this assassin employee. This is one of John Housemann's final roles. An embarrassment. It's a magnet on the screen. And what end of his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering the streets of New York, in a neighborhood he has known all his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is very well executed, but I can not ignore that vicious, paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of Will." Or the Olympic documentary where the announcer follows a foot race in which Jesse Owens is in the lead and says threatening: "This black is dangerous."
