The good news is that a film was made, based on a supposed Aztec myth and showing an unusual casting of Aztec-American (it is such a word). The bad news is that he died at birth. If Ed Wood had retired and trained George Romaro through the Classic Nightlife "Night of the Dead Lives," that could have come with. The "Legend of Diablo" is clearly fed for any future resuscitation of "Mystery Science Theater 3000!" I do not think it even can be called "B". Production values ​​are so abusive that I kept feeling that I was looking at either a lengthy sketch from a variety show or an 8 mm film behind a group of schoolchildren. <br /> <br /> ONE SPOILERS <br /> <br /> The base line of the plot sounded interesting enough to lure me into renting it. A rural California sheriff finds a box containing a Aztec demon and accidentally unleashes the community that does not believe it. His daughters, a hot and familiar team, with an FBI man and a priest to try to reclaim the demon. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, every zombie scene he had ever seen in the great previous movies is re-enacted - bad. These zombies are more like an army of Nutritional Teachers than the undead! Are imagined infrared images from the point of view of the demon not special? and he / she / she sure seems to support a lot (unlike the return of moving forward). And the scene in which the priest draws the demon in the fast moving cave is ridiculous! It really seems to be funny - though I know it was not! I expected the Benny Hill themed music to start playing and for the whole zombie band to start shedding the priest across the beach! Of course the voice of Darth Vader / Field of Dreams, calling the FBI agent becomes honest. Then again, so was the bulk of this cheese ball! Robert Napton, director and writer of the script, should win something for this effort! (How about a life neglect such as "Hollywood 10?") This, I see now, is rated at 1.5 on a scale of 10. I'm afraid this could be a generous tad! <br /> <br /> Is there something good about this movie? Well, Lindsey Lofaso looks rather hot as the younger daughter of the dead sheriff. This is probably the reason why her older, familiar sister (Calvi Pabon) has really run away from home! Fred Estrado is pretty decent as the FBI agent. I wonder if Mario Soto, who played Father Rodriguez, is the same Mario Soto who played for the Reds in Cincinnati? If so, he should have stayed at baseball. In fact, they could not do anything worse if they left with a baseball theme and called him "Demons in the exit field!" If I find out that it was actually a project for a cinema community community, I will apologize. It may be good enough for a B or even B + as long as the tape has come to the college campus video in one piece! The "Blair Witch Project" has proven that a cool, camouflaged film could be made on a shot. "Legend of Diablo", however, did not seem to have a shoe to work from! It was low-budget, with low talent, very low. The very final scene - and I mean the last 10 seconds of the movie - is the only creative or exciting moment. I paid $ 3.45 to rent this. I could have spent a hamburger better!
