It can only be assumed that Robert Osborne has a contractual obligation to express his excitement even with the least appealing films in the TCM library, as this would explain why he appreciated the "virtues" of this "charming" film during his introduction when I saw him on cable television. Seeing that any old film on IMDb gets a "classic" status from a number of amateur reviewers, I thought there was an urgent need for a more honest review of this film. This is not "Shop around the corner". For all my searches with "You've got mail", it still looks like a remake in almost any imaginable way. For those who have seen the original, the flaws will be all the more obvious. From one of the weakest Meet Cute sequences I remember seeing (a sad humorous attempt), this movie falls on the wrong foot and never goes back to step. This "musical" only qualifies as one in the weakest sense of the term. There is a splash of musical numbers instantly forgotten, and then Judy plays "I do not care" as I throw my arms around like a confiscation. The Christmas song she sings in the store is probably one of her better numbers here. Miss Garland was wonderful in a series of musical films, but here seems to be a mess of misery. The role was originally filled by June Allyson and Judy is certainly unable to fill the shoes of Margaret Sullavan's old part. Van Johnson is also turning into a rather gentle performance like a second guy like Jimmy Stewart. Leadership never touches Stewart / Sullavan's chemistry or even that of Hanks / Ryan. This is a movie that knows (some) the notes, but not the music. He does not seem to understand why the original worked and even feels the need to add another possible interest for the love of Van Johnson's character to complicate matters unnecessarily. Replacing the remake of the original infidelity subplot is a plotting device that involves a priceless violin. It is almost embarrassing to look and feel as if it were probably lifted from an episode of the Three Company by someone with a DeLorean and a flux condenser. It's just an excuse for a Keaton crash. Even the great resolution scenario between romantic leadership is wrong. After seeing both movies, you will understand why they named it "Lubitsch Touch" and not "Robert Z. Leonard Touch". Avoid this and revive the original movie or one of Judy Garland's previous films, unless you are an iconoclast who enjoys seeing a big star once he falls to the ground.
