This is your warning about a spoiler. What a sad state of our cinema, when an unprofessional junk like this is considered "Oscar worthy". Divide the material into three levels. The first is stage theater. Here the spectator stagnates, and the power is based on the actor's presentation and, most importantly, on the writer's power. A good playwright is better than a good screenwriter, because he or she knows the ways of the words better. The best playwrights know how to create images that the scene can not show. The second level is the movie. In this environment, a weaker writer can be used, but the viewer does not sit in one place all the time. With the film, the context can take the qualities of visual and comprehensible poetry, in addition to powerful writing. Moreover, the film can manipulate everyday items such as sound and color in almost unrealistic ways. The final level is literature. In this context, everything is imagined by the author, translated on paper and then re-imagined by the reader. More details can come in a novel more than is conceived for a movie studio. That's why adjustments can go up, but never down. The novels are never better than the base movie (see the dime-per-doze type at the local book store), while the movie can not transmit the same power as the original book (Catch-22 and LotR). Movies can rarely be made into pieces and pieces can always be made in movies. As for "The Last Picture Show," it fails. It's a movie that should stay on stage because the director is too stupid to shoot something right. Characters speak the same and act the same, it is pure futility. Add to it an inappropriate soundtrack and you have a totally inseparable movie. I saw this in my high school class with about 20 spectators. The instructor showed how sad the movie was. What is sad is how such a stagnant work is considered depressing when the material itself is hilarious. If there were impotence scenes in the colors, the party at the pool and the old prostitute would be considered a great comedy. Look at what Lucas did with "American Graffiti" a few years later. The US secondary education system must begin to teach film ABOUT the film rather than trying to teach the film. Two Strong Visual Films: Revelation Now and Barry Lyndon. Rely on them, not on this. It's the last I want to see. 1 of 5.
