It's hard to say, because I enjoyed so much both "target" and "Paper Moon," but I thought that "The Last Picture Show" was a somewhat fascinating but too indulgent film . Its main positive, for me, is amazing photography. But for me the film had nothing to offer beyond the beauty of the surface (and some kind of hidden beauty at that). The characters were very difficult to relate or care. You practically had this very slow pace and this naturalistic style to act, but everything was there to support a very formidable and predictable story, complete with all the traps you would expect from any melodrama in the little town - the teacher's wife for the handicapped child they all take over. It was like "American Graffiti" without the joy of life. Some may say that this film is more realistic - nowadays many people seem to believe that realism is the only virtue a movie can possess. But for me the movie was simply oppressive and I want to see it again as bad as I want to spend some hours in that miserable city where the characters live. Maybe this movie really belongs to its time - maybe if I had seen it in 1971, I would have been impressed with its novelty, just seeing something different on the screen. But that would imply that I have never seen anything like Godard's "breathless" example. Perhaps the references to classic movies would have turned to the geek movie in me and helped me to overcome some of the weaknesses of the film. But in the post-Tarantino world, which seems to be unique or special, it is interesting that the way it uses filmmaking to make its own film more profound. We see 3 movies as I remember in the picture show. First, we see Vincente Minnelli's "Father of Bridegroom" - Liz Taylor's extraordinary appearance offers a contrast to Sonny's friend, and Minnelli's study studies the contrast between the upper class and the middle of the "reality" of the character. Later, videos in Howard Hawks's "Red River" highlight the theme of a friend's relationship with a mentor and a protector. He really reminds me that Bogdanovici kissed the bottom of his mentor, just as he did if I remember correctly choosing a Hawks movie as part of his own reverberation on screen with Boris Karloff in "Targets." I think in 1971 this kind of thing was new, but looking at it today, it seems just as indulgent as the rest of the movie. Hawks, Ford or Minnelli than having Bogdanovich's film reminds us of why they were so striking in such a subtle way. Perhaps he intends to remind us of the giants who have gone through all the time-all he does is to remind us how small he and most of his contemporaries have relations.
