You should not be shocked when I say Alone in the Dark is a terrible movie. To say, it's like a monster stole, ate the result and then vomit. The final product would still be shining this movie. Apparently based on a video game from Atari, the movie has something or something to do with a portal to the intestines of the earth, triggering demons and ancient civilizations. Something about the fact that there are two worlds, that of darkness and that of light. (Guess who is ours.) Oh, and 10,000 years ago, a super-advanced advanced civilization opened the portal, the demons came and exploded, then wiped out the civilization. This is why I have never heard of them, quite convenient. Christian Slater, may be penetrating for Heathers and Pump Up the Volume, interpreting Edward Carnby, a paranormal scientist with something wrong when he was 10 years old. It's following one of the artifacts of this advanced civilization. Carnby was part of a secret institution called 713, who was trying to figure out what had happened to that civilization before. But Carnby thought he could not find the answers he was looking for, so he left the group. But you see, these beasties are out there, and they take prey in different ways, such as destroying them, dividing them in the middle, implanting neurological control devices into them, or turning them into killing zombies. Yeah, it's another zombie movie. It's just as distilatant as the plot can do. It's quite complicated and incomprehensible. In similar movies, you might see a frightened scholar / adventurer thinking about one step at a time, and when the audience is mentally with the researcher, it's really fun. But when scenes change from attack to attack without any perspective or context ... not so fun. The actor is terrible, with the exception of Slater, who (although he seems almost embarrassed to be in the movie) has shown he was able to carry the load of action. He had to; Take This - Country Reid is expressed as a museum curator! Honestly for kindness, I thought I saw a lifetime when Denise Richards was thrown as a nuclear physicist in tomorrow Never die. But Reid is fitting here with Richards, embarrassed by emptiness for bad emptiness. Hidden includes Reid pronouncing "Newfoundland" as "New Fownd Land", Reid offering most of his lines in a staggering monotony, gawking (as if it were one night night in the last week before filming), Reid Museum curator, your mind - spending lots of movies in top jeans and hip-hugger. Yes, she was just as credible as Jessica Simpson offering stock quotes. Oh, why should the cute ones be so stupid? (Note: I do not think Tara Reid is as well shown as if she needed food.) Almost everyone in the cast is forgetful, except Steven Dorff, who played Burke, one of the 713 leaders. The character to Dorff was not very well developed, but nothing in the movie was, from sets to the characters of Tara Reid. But anyway, the stunning and absolutely absurd story is pretty hard to follow with the movie that moves so frighteningly, but director Uwe Boll sinks into a soundtrack that crazy the mind; is so hard you can not hear what actors say in some scenes! That can not be right. Given the level of action, however, perhaps I thank Mr. Boll. Oh, and a funny note. The opening moments of the movie include the narrative ... of the words that crawl on the screen at the same time. Remember the Early Secondary Wars You've heard the famous Star Wars theme as the prologue dragged. There was certainly no need for narrative; why do I need something to read what's on screen for me? Manufacturers were simply looking for blind people? Perhaps this also explains why the soundtrack was so loud - and they were also looking for hard-to-hear people. Also, the inexplicable narrator had a lysis for the first few rows of the crawl - then lost it. Bizarre. Alone in the dark is a lousy move, a cute action action scary, an incoherent scenario and hands-on guidance. Almost a note is true. There is so much chaos that the public simply gives up the care of the characters and the roots for their disappearance. Even in the dark, demonic creatures seem cool and much more developed by comparison. Ironically, since there were only three other people in the theater, I watched Alone in the Dark. I wonder if Uwe Boll planned that? I can not give the slightest rating, because I had little hope for it to start - and because it never took me enough to handle this. It's atrocious, though Slater redeems a little.
