There should be a rule that states quite clearly that movies such as Resident Evil should be made in the spirit of the game, not in the spirit of blowing all that is possible. RE was a horror game of survival, and one bravo efficient at this, but Paul WS Anderson has managed to make any other video game video come along. Alone in the Dark is essentially the same spirit as Resident Evil, so of course there is hope that the director will succeed in having enough brain to make a horror movie and not a movie action. Instead, Alone in the Dark just proves that there is no hope for video games to become movies. The plot, despite the fact that obviously does not have to matter, is the biggest of the many problems with the film. The film begins with what can only be described as five minutes of text that may or may not be important because after one minute passes, the audience no longer cares and just stays through the rest of the object by hitting the object closest to them. Then, it's about an orphanage, some artifacts, an ancient tribe, a bureaucracy, and demons that mix so much that viewers can not truly follow what's going on. Characters move inside and out of the ground like candy, some with huge blocks for meaningless deaths. Basically, what I can understand is that some demons have been freed, and Edward Carnby (Slater) has a connection with them because of a particular operation given to children in his orphanage who has failed to do so. He finds an artifact involving demons and brings it to an anthropologist from his former girlfriend (Reid), who, of course, manages to have sex for no good reason. Then, from nowhere, all hell is breaking up and the pair ends with a military squad led by a good luck commander (Dorff), who apparently has a common hatred for Carnby. It's all ridiculous, and the reason I do not really understand that it's not just because it's complicated and pitiful, but leaves no room for nobody to really care. Instead, I recommend that if you have to see this movie, bring a tennis ball or something to take when the plot gets bored. <br /> <br /> Action scenes from a movie with a plot as horrible as it should at least bring her a little bit, do not you? Too bad, this movie is like any bad ruin ever made, with enough quick cuts to cut a chicken coop. Considering that this is based on a horror game, not a game of action, it is particularly annoying. The first scene of action involving a man watching Cranby from a taxi is among the worst, and the rest is not that great. Demons look somewhat cool, though the fact that they turn into powder when they are killed, eliminates all this effect. Scenes that involve a lot of weapons that should be cool to watch in place involve the fire of the nose as the only light source and the camera zoom and panning faster than the head of a crack addict. It's all kind of seizure that provokes the nonsense that keeps babies in bed at night. The actor is what I like to call actors and make them do nothing. Slater has nothing but an important sound for the whole movie, though he seems to have more talent than he leaves. The same goes for Dorff, who has a unique role, despite having in fact a talent (something that happened to him very much). Reid is exactly what it should be, a sexual background call, whenever he tries to act, is a disaster (as the amazing scientist at the beginning shows). In all, this is the kind of movie that worries me about future video games. If they continue to destroy the spirit like this, it's only a matter of time before Samus Aran kills the Middle East with the AK-47, and Tommy Vercetti is fighting a squad of aliens. Unlike Resident Evil, however, it does not deserve a second chance because I do not think anything could help me to forget how terrible this movie is. It is unfortunate, uninteresting and inexplicable. This is the equivalent film of diarrhea; everything is thrown together, nothing matches and, finally, you're glad it's over. TOTAL: 4%
