Really, what were they thinking? Over the years, the Columbo series has tried a few new things and has moved away from the usual successful formula, but this film really goes well beyond it. This film is actually very different from any other Columbo movie, but the differences are not for the good of the movie. The main thing that, of course, makes this film different from any other Columbo movie is that there is no crime committed. The whole premise of this film is totally different and places the Columbo character in a totally different environment and situation. In fact, everything is completely different and more "modernized". Director Alan J. Levi made other Columbo films in the past that have just reached their usual shape. He also makes a weird choice that he has received to direct this film. The Columbo character also feels quite different, perhaps because of the fact that he is in a totally different environment and situation when his nephew helps after his bride disappears right after the wedding. The lack of good humor relief and Columbo brand also does not exactly do this a good or pleasant watch. In all sincerity, the movie does not start too bad, but the movie begins to become more and more ridiculous with her story as she progresses. It's such a stupid, stupid kidnapping thriller with a story that is becoming less and less likely. Also, the film is becoming increasingly undiscovered. This is a very interesting entry to Columbo, who also does not know how to entertain the spectators in any way. It also does not help too much that the actors who support them are not the most talented around. Despite the fact that his character is in a completely different situation and the film is shot in such a completely different style, Peter Falk is still doing well and his presence still saves the film. Can you imagine how this movie would have been without it? This would have been an extremely bad and ridiculous cheap movie I can tell you. A strange entry into Columbo, which could be described as an unsuccessful experiment to deviate from the usual formula. <br /> <br /> 4/10
