The title of the worst film of all times is the one that is fast and often transmitted. Often it is an exaggeration, but I would like to greet Alone in the Dark in the short list of real candidates: Plan 9 in Cosmic Space, Battlefield Earth and Pluto Nash Adventures. <br /> <br /> As I looked at 90 minutes, it was hard for me to stay awake even as I tried so much to laugh at the film. But unfortunately, I felt alone in the dark (I would try to avoid the game but could not resist) when I looked around, hoping to see Mike Nelson and his two robot friends. Unfortunately, my friends and I had to offer comedy throughout the movie. So ... about the movie itself. Let's talk about action and effects, because this should be the only positive part of the movie. The film contains evil creatures that are a cross between Xenos in Aliens (which they even call Xenos) and creatures from Pitch Black. It can turn invisible at random (and I assure you it is random) and you are hurt by light. There are also small, centipede creatures, used to control the people who turn them into something like a zombie. All of this is shown with outdated special effects that would have been mediocre in 1997. Action scenes are chaotic and impossible to track. People who randomly shoot a blue scene or an empty set of monsters that have been inserted into the post. Light flashes quickly on a dark screen, making your students burn because of excessive work, while red rock music blazes in the background. And these were the high points. The story revolves around a paranormal investigator (Slater), whose idea of ​​searching lasts wearing a black beer shirt with his wife, with a coat and not shaving for two days. An archaeologist (Reid), who is quite inef. And a government agent (Dorff) whose lines involve the order of barking. All three should be ashamed of their performances (not that they have ever done a good job) and the casting director should be ashamed. Reid and Slater should be loved in the movie, I think. The movie contains the weirdest scene of love I've ever seen on the film between the two. Then comes the plot. Quietly tranquil parts that make sense are not at all interesting. The rest is at best illogical. The plot holes could contain the collective ego of all three stars. The film begins with text and a voice that explains the story behind. This opening takes more than a minute and the spectator already knows he is in something terrible. This opening narrative was repeated later in the strange dialogue in a very leftist manner and hard to handle through the rest of the film. And the end did not make an ounce of meaning. Not only did it make no sense in the movie world, it just did not make sense. Finally, the direction of a Uwe Boll. Dance, that's all you can say. Using it to shake the camera to simulate suspense. Lack of direction with the actors. Just watch Reid in scenes where it's not the center of fire. Full loss of money for special effects for the effects of bullet time. And, finally, I choose to use the voice to explain something that should be visibly painful to the audience. I paid $ 1.50 to see this show at a second theater show. And while laughing at me and my friends, provided she deserves every quarter, I would advise people to avoid paying for this movie. Grab about 3 friends and share the cost of renting and breaking this new movie. Shame on you Uwe Boll. Shame on you, Tara Reid. Shame on you, Christian Slater. Shame on you Stephen Dorff. Shame anyone who has been associated with this movie.
