It should be my movie. Even if he had sucked in, he should have been right in my alley; hell, I like the films "Congo" and "Allan Quatermaine". I have a soft heart in my heart for stupid alien / demon / adventure movies. Let's go why we decided to pursue this first. Horror / Sci-fi almost always intrigued me. 2. I am a great fan of archeology, and this film involves a rare treasure. 3. Super-natural enemies with quality FX. 4. Christian Slater and Dorf Overall, I'm glad. 5. Country Reid is hot. So this movie had potential, at least in the horror section of the video store, but the boy blew his ass. The only aspects of redemption are Slater and Dorf, and not everyone finds them as fun as I ... I mean, let's face it, both are melodramatic. But now, to some of the many defects. Tara Reid. Even if the movie as a whole is worse, Reid's performance is really terrible. We're not just talking badly, I'm talking about the Country Reid nomination for the worst performance of the year. I do not know if she is capable of acting, but playing the curator of the museum is simply out of his league ... completely. Watching her trying to carry the role of an educated scientist was not much different from what you watch setup in bad porn. I mean, it's not just bad, it's bad to laugh. Oh, and for you curious, she is not naked, but only to a bra in a stupid love scene, absolutely useless. Even with Reid's performance, maybe the movie could have worked, but the plot is what dominates, and the plot seems to be written by a 10-year-old. I did not realize it was an adaptation of the video game until I saw the DVD, otherwise I would have appreciated the stupidity in real time. The story jumps back and forth from Slater's childhood in an orphanage, where he gets flashbacks of something terrible that has happened, has amnesia, of course. In his adult life, Slater was recruited by a 713 unit, a paranormal military force apparently hunting bad or something. Slater had to leave because he was too rebellious, I think you never knew if he was not in one of those voice that I dipped during my time. The film begins with hunting at Slater, getting his last piece after a Chilean mercenary force specializing in the sale of rare antiques. I may be wrong with the exact quote, but you have the idea. There is a bad doctor who wants to release a few thousand on earth (without any reason), experiments on children, super demon / human hybrids, "photonic" bullets (the things of demons can not stand in the sunlight) Slater and Dorf to try to save everyone. Jesus, I can not even go through the clustered elements. The scenario required reprocessing to narrow the focus and provide a certain depth. Why is this evil scientist so bad? People are condemned and he's just trying to save the human race. I think he was infected? How did this happen? Yes, he has one of the evil demonic things in a cage and pulls his blood to shoot in himself. How the hell did this happen? Why and where he managed to get the super-servants (oh yes, they use the old SF stack of foreign parasites / demons that "merge" with their host's column) Slater is, of course, like Blade half super-knocked but his muscle "not completely merged due to an electric shock," thank God. Oh, and the people with these spins "merged," have no idea that they are half a stranger / demon and act as good members of the community until a secret signal is made by which murderers become zombies. Yes, we have zombies. <br /> <br /> So a lot of nonsense that could be fun, but none of them is. Also, the end is completely stupid that everything turns out to be not that great of a business to establish first ... at least nothing in a dynamite can handle. Not the worst thing you will see, but a really bad movie.
