I usually start by telling the premise of the movie, but before anyone can make quick judgments about my review, let me pretend it by saying that I'm someone who likes most movies (check out just the other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a film by director Uwe Boll, whose film before that was the House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also a video adaptation of a video game. Almost everybody hates him. Well, I liked it. I gave even 10 out of 10! My point of saying this (which will surely change some readers immediately) is that if I even hated Alone in the dark, there must be something wrong with her. Premise: Who are they kidding? Trying to tell this movie is just as simple as trying to balance the US budget, but here it goes anyway. Some archaeologists have found evidence of lost Indian tribes. The Indian tribe probably discovered some means of approaching the "second world", which was bad in nature. Evil things erased them, but not before they could lock the door of the evil world and throw the key. Later, a certain scientist / researcher who paranormally experimented and, in particular, this tribe, decided to experiment with some children, to try to produce a kind of hybrid with the second world. (Believe it or not - everything up to this point and then tell us in a written prologue of the movie - it's just a white text that sails on a black screen with a voice over it and reads it to us). Then there was something about the children who were in an orphanage, but the government took them back, and then a bunch of people were looking for archaeological relics and there were superiors moving around them and calling themselves a bunch of military men and more far away. In fact, the exhibition never stops. It's like an unfortunate history of hell. There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 movies, maybe 25 years. But none of them is presented in a coherent way to create a good movie. In addition to the lost and superhuman Indian tribe, we also have monsters that resemble a cross between a stranger and a werewolf, worms that invade your body and turn into snake aliens, underground tunnels, zombies, Starship Trooper-like wars, people evil mines, underground snakes, gold mines, scary deposits, impalsions, unused large museums, government conspiracies, gold trunks out of the sea, nuns, explosions, complex planks of back, a very ambiguous story, kitchen sinks. . . wait, I do not remember if the last one was in the movie. Even more amazing (funny) In Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson was quoted as saying, "We spend much more time on the story, being very meticulous about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark a smarter movie. <br /> <br /> Let me not mislead anyone. A lot of the stuff above might sound dizzy to the potential audience for this movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest link to anything else. I usually had no idea about the relationship of any relationship with other settings, why I was there or what someone was doing (at least when each scene started). It's just a random mishmash of settings and clichés, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat and put them out as lottery numbers. Then, when finished, he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the film using dice, then reassembled by throwing I Ching. Sometimes the film behaves like an extended director's coil (which is a combination of short, varied, independent scenes that directors run to try to get a job) but maybe too generous. I'm not sure Boll would have worked if that was his coil. <br /> <br /> As well as at least like most films, I tend to like most actors and most performances. It is very rare to say that a show was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here and I'm a person who likes Reid usually. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they just move it around the set as a support. You might have bought a doll. This would have saved the money they could have used for ghosts and vampires cgi in castles and cemeteries. Perhaps they chose to move around her like a beautiful piece of sunflower after seeing the diary of her mumble nonsense in a monoton that is usually reserved for the funny mother. , a lot of Alone in the Dark plays as a Godzilla movie without Godzilla. By that, I mean, it's a pseudo-scientific bunch. At least in Godzilla's films there is a plague because I know how ridiculous it is and there is great pleasure in seeing Godzilla destroy the city center and fight a huge ship with radioactive death beams eyes or something. Only what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, in addition to overcoming and filing lawsuits against their agents, is hard to tell. I can not say that I thought someone in the movie had a decent performance, though maybe Slater saw at least the cigarette. I think it's unprecedented for me. Still, I did not give a film of 1. There was a competent cinema, even if Boll and Schwadel had made beef, and the hard rock melodies were good. Heck, even the novelette prologue was not that bad. In fact, I thought the movie promised at the time. But this may be the worst movie I've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
