The definition of an abomination, as defined by Webster's Dictionaries, is "a cause of denial or disgust." If anyone can think of a word or definition more appropriate than Alone in the Dark, please tell me, because it's the best thing I can come up with. However, I do not think this word describes how terrible this movie is. I went to see this movie with two of my roommates. One has tastes very similar to me, the other is an action / adventure guru. The latter usually does not care about the size of the plot holes, as long as the movie contains a lot of explosions he will go off fulfilled. <br /> <br /> That being said, I entered the theater for Alone in the Dark on Friday. Little to my surprise, I was the only people in the theater. When it started, I knew why right away. It starts with the worst scene of opening any movie and, unfortunately, I have to admit it's getting worse off there. The opening scene is a 5-minute scroll text that is related. Still, I understand why it was reported. The director must have understood that only illiterate people might even realize the PLANIFICATION to see this movie. However, not only is this first scene the longest text in the history of cinema, but it makes no sense. It seems that, in the same sequence, you are listening to the complete separation of the films. One is about an ancient civilization and its manipulation with a portal, the other about a crazy scientist and his experiments on orphans. If you read this and you are confused, you are not alone. Then begins the terrible story, the acting, the effects and the work in the room. Tara Reid is terrible as an actress. Do not even make a second to make you think he's a museum curator. Slater is just bad, not convincing, and he does not have chemistry with Reid. Complot is probably the worst thing ever created by man. Meanwhile, me and my roommate with similar tastes ask questions like: What is this? And what's going on? Apart from this scrolling garbage, we have some sequences narrated by Slater himself. They're good? NOT. Will they explain anything? NOT. At any moment, as an audience, we have the slightest questions as to why we should care what is happening? Once again, NO. Then we have a random sex scene. We're told that Slater and Reid are together, but they do not behave at all times as if they were taking care of someone else. But then BAM ... the sex scene. Once again, I do not know. A good, oh, I do not know, 30 seconds after that painful scene ends, we have a fight with 20 military and a similar number of alien things. This is set on a heavy metal pathway and causes cerebral haemorrhage more than one ever thought possible. And if it was not enough ... <br /> <br /> There is no main villain. There is a scientist and there are "extraterrestrial" things. At some point the scientist controls extraterrestrial things and is on a hill commanding them to attack the military outpost. Why? How did he become the supreme commander of these things? Why is he listening to him? Once again, I have no idea. The film ends with Slater and Reid walking around in an evacuated city. Why was the city evacuated? Did the stranger pass? Did the soldiers tell him? Who knows ... and who cares? I did not do it and you will not. But at first, Slater and Reid are attacked by an alien thing. Even if it was said that alien things would be killed by exposure to sunlight. And that's good, you guessed it in the middle of the day and it's brilliant how it can be. Maybe the extraterrestrial thing bought a pair of sunglasses, I do not know and I do not care. Now, after the movie is over, I ran across the theater, all six feet six feet from me, waving my arms and trembling afraid, telling everyone not to go see this movie. Even my gung-ho action / adventure colleague (who would consider a movie that cut and stuck 2 hours of explosion in a movie to be the greatest thing ever created) admitted that the plot holes were very obvious in this movie. <br /> To summarize this CRAP-FEST I gave it a 0.0 / 10 and I lower it if I could. <br /> <br /> Univoc, the worst movie ever made. I would not want this movie my worst enemy.
