True, there are many movies far worse than this movie. This movie was not Manos: Hands of Fate or Troll 2 (yes, I have seen both of them twice) but at the same time this movie is not Alien, Predator or even Alien Vs. Predator (Yes, even this movie has overcome this). Movies like this make Battlefield Earth look like a star wars are so bad. Razzie's fun prizes, the biggest competition has arrived in theaters. The movie I'm talking about is, of course, Alone in the Dark. I'll try to take you step by step on why this movie was so bad. The actor will first start with what may have been the best part of this movie (alongside "Wish I Have An Angel," the act.) Christian Slater must be proud of himself, he has successfully demonstrated that he is maybe to behave decent in a worse film, then to drink antifreeze. To talk, it made me wonder why he just did not walk halfway through the road, probably because of Stephen Dorff being in movie (someone she would like to do but act on it) actress but good-natured and that's all that counts in movies like this It does not mean that the act was perfect, however, it was environment, not good, and maybe the only thing in the movie is not good. /> The soundtrack - except "I want to have an angel", the soundtrack is useless and the bad bad medallion is pumped into the ears of the viewers, perhaps it squeezes the terrible story what I will come up soon.) A long soundtrack and f expensive 2 CDs are now for sale for those musically challenged. Director-directed by Hollywood's favorite director Uwe Ball, who brought us the classic house of the dead. Telling us "Yes, movies can do this very badly and this is just the beginning of the deadly death movie saga". At least it is said to be directed by Uwe Ball. Without being told, I would have guessed that a monkey was kidnapped in Congo, brought here and forced to rule on how to make the film under the shock penalty. The director of photography was probably a camcorder encapsulated on a skateboard and pushed forward until he touched a wall. On scenes where the room should remain, it constantly moves, without allowing us to stop anywhere and when we should move in action, the room stops for a certain reason. The maker - Who on earth is bad enough to put money into this bomb? I'm sorry to crazy ... sometimes. Sometimes I'm glad that he or she has been taught such a lesson never to put money for garbage worse than dog trash tied into a bag. Writing / Storyboard - Trying to analyze the story is more painful then jump an ice pick under a big finger and hitting a soccer ball as hard as I could with it right after, but I will still try. Edward Carnby escapes like a child from an orphanage where 20 children where to go under scientific experiments. He escapes and hides himself in an electrical outlet where he is electrocuted (that's where he got so bad that I started laughing out loud). Then he goes a couple of years later, where he's a paranoid detective. He is attacked by zombies that can not be shot, killed and live with life. Later, he is attacked by a mad monster and discovers secrets that nobody knows. Yes, the intrigue is bad, very bad. The film's beings expect us to read about 10 minutes, which felt like 100, of random text about an untrue civilization called Abskani. The film is no longer twisting after another, more than the audience can handle, more than the auditor wishes to handle, more than the audience could ever take care of. This story is evil bottom rock that even Double Dragon does better. Generally, I miss this movie. I gave it 1 in 10, but that's because there is not 0.
