Snow White, who just went to Locarno, where I had the chance to see it, of course, refers to the famous fairy tale. And it also refers to coke. Finally, the real snow of the Swiss Alps also plays the role. Thus, all three aspects of the title are addressed in this film. There are a lot of drugs on the scene, and there is also a pale girl with dark hair - with a prince who has to go through all sorts of problems to come to her rescue. But: It's not a fairy tale. It should be a realistic drama located in Zurich, Switzerland (according to Tagline). From a technical point of view, the movie is almost perfect. Unfortunately, a poor plot, predictable dialogues, unreal landscape and mixed action are not added to create authenticity. Thus, as a spectator, we have remained untouched. And then there were the clichés that struck me one by one: Snow White is a rich and spoiled daughter of upper class - of course her parents are divorced and she did not have enough love from them because they were so busy time. Her best friend, on the other hand, has loving and caring parents. They (a steelworker and a housewife) live in a small, poor and happy apartment - and ignore the desperate situation of their daughter. The good guy (= the prince) is a musician (!) From the French-speaking part of Switzerland, which is considered to be the economically better but economically more effective fraction of the country). He has problems with his parents. They are migrants from Spain who do not seem to accept their wild life - until their father becomes seriously ill and confesses his great admiration for his son in a hospital bed. on: Of course the drug dealer is brutal, the bankers are hearts, the club owner is a playboy and the photographer, although a woman (!) only has a career in mind when she puts Snow White in pornographic artistic pictures on a show. <br /> <br /> This review does not need a spoiler to allow you to add these tracks to an obvious plot. How do I like other Samir movies, for example? "Forget Baghdad," I was rather disappointed. Let's hope for the next one.
