This movie just goes to prove that not every film made during the Hollywood glory days is worth seeing. Just because you have an excellent distribution of the ensemble does not mean that this can go beyond a scenario probably written by a chimpanzee! Think about it - Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart and it was a bad movie! The basic premise of the film is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital where the staff is worse than the patients! Also, the subplot involving husband and wife overwhelmed (Widmark and Graham) had a lot of promises. However, the script has been manipulated with all the finesse and boldness of a drunk buffalo - with a swagger and with the top scenes again and again in the movie. In fact, it was less like a drama and more like a very bad episode of the "General Hospital". Subtly, this movie is not! Realistic, this movie is not! <br /> <br /> While most of the reason this movie was held was the terrible scenario, but I also blame the producers also for destroying and abusing the actors veterans. For example, Paul Stewart may not be a household name, but this character actor had an extraordinary talent - especially when playing gangsters in Film Noir. Still, Stewart is thrown as a very nondescript psychiatrist with a bizarre European emphasis - it just did not work because it was well outside his field of action and his character was completely undeveloped and unidimensional. Also Charles Boyer just seemed foolish and completely out of place. Seeing this romantic actor as a psychiatrist in the heart of America seemed just bizarre. Generally, this is a pretty awful movie. He's very well tracked in a kind of train, but it's certainly not very beautiful. My wife and I disliked much of the film, but I felt it could have been very good if the writing was competent. PS - In an art case imitating life, Oscar Levant played one of the patients. In real life, the brilliant Levant has spent much of his life in and out of mental institutions.
