First of all, I would like to emphasize that this film has nothing to do with the Dutch folk tale of the ghost ship, also called FLUTE DUTCHMAN. In this movie, you will not see any sailing boat. You will not see sailors, ghosts or anything else interesting from afar. It's not the story of the ghost ship and I would have wanted to announce it in the main credits or I would not have followed it because I really thought it was the legendary movie. It seems that many people think the movie is related to the ghost ship legend because the movie is displayed on the Wikipedia page of the "Flying Dutch" legend ... I do not understand why. Is it possible to rely on the similar legend called the "wandering Jew"? Or maybe they just adapted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins with a battle sequence that would allow anyone to say that the movie will have battle scenes. Unfortunately, it is the only scene of the fight. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krank in the city of lost children) for about two seconds, and that would let anyone say the movie will have a good adventure. Unfortunately, he is very bad in the movie. The same can be said about the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best actors in the world ever, and who is condemned here to embody a crazy, boring bird with no back story, whose only purpose is to look the "wise man" the movie. And boy, that movie needs wisdom! Every other character in the story seems to enjoy swimming in excrement, screaming, torturing others (in excrement), raging (in excrement), or extinguishing a little more just for her fun. It seems so fun that every character in the story gets to be poured in one place or another in the feces. Coming from a Dutch director, you might think extreme dirt and real shocking dirt are necessary elements in a timepiece, elements that have contributed to making a wonderful film of the Dutch film Paul Verhoeven "Flesh + Blood". The thought of "Flesh + Blood" would allow anyone to say that a dirty and visible movie straight ahead would be fine. Unfortunately, unlike Flesh + Blood, there is no dramatic progression, no struggle, no good action, and no "meat and blood". Photography, as an opening sequence, is well made and enticing. And that stops very early in the movie. The music of Nicola Piovani (from the fame of "La vità e bella") is repetitive and annoying when it is not irrelevant (sometimes involves the fact that there is a grandeur in a sequence, while on screen the actors are sprinkled in liquid manure ). Throughout the first "act" of the movie, which takes less than an hour (!), The film takes place in the same perimeter, which is around the farm where the main characters live. Characters play a lot with excrement, drown in it, play in it. For a long time, it flows through numerous ellipses, allowing the main character, a young boy who likes to play in the excrement, become older and play in the excrement. The bird man speaks a lot to say silly things in Italian. The Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confusing and takes a few hours. Then there is a second act called "Nava", in which we see what a ship might have been a long time ago, but which remains a ship (covered with excrement I mentioned?). The main character, as he goes a little farther from the farm, happens to meet him and decides it is very cool, so we live in it. The humpback that lived in him before attempts to kill him, but he has no mind because (I mentioned?), It's not very bright. He thinks the ship can sail and hopes to sail on it until more conquistadors appear (at least they seemed conquistadors because of Don Quixote style hats, but as I said it is really confused who is who) , to occupy the Dutch prisoner, along with the delayed cock, and burn the ship to the ground. The last part of the film, which is very hard to bear by the spectator because it consists of just one exercise and more, with more peasants still struggling with more delay, takes place in a crazy asylum. However, several tortures and drown each other with feces. However, more than loitering for the director, who seems to have definitely quit at work, or passed the second crew room assistant to do the rest of the job. In the end, a lot of new "friends" provoked by the mental, which the Dutch man did die. The woman she had sex with who was his brother's wife is trying to meet his son. The Dutchman and his son speak. The film ends after two hours of strange images and acts of calamity and technical performance. Then the credits roll and the spectator feels great to have to watch atrocious films without any plot claiming to be interesting as fantastic movies based on legends, while they are nothing more than a simple catalog of how much full of excrement can get some movies when they do not have enough funding powers to put battles in place or even horses.
