There are a few previous comments here, which refer to the abundance of clichés of this kind - and I totally agree on both characters and dialogue. I read about the terrible Elizabeth Berkly in the spectacular showgirls I have never seen - and her performance here, while not terrible, barely meets the worst standards of life. There is no hint of depth for her character, but then she probably should not have. If so, he would have placed the film completely out of balance because there was no hint of depth or charisma - no trace - in any character, interpreter or portrait. The director's taking over of Liz's initial complaint, after her tutelage had kissed her in the hall, was ridiculous. Her husband's initial reaction and advice was also (Forrest Gump, attacking Jenny's friend in his car, offering more realistic and smarter action, and certainly he was mentally challenged). (the redundancy excuse), the father of the lying pupil, actually interpreted something probably worthy of praise in his performances: he was both ridiculous and annoying at the same time without a feat. Her lawyer was rather an insane madman, too, is not unknown in the profession. Finally (and honestly, I enjoyed this part rather), the police was a collection of insensible fools, rather it depends on Barney Fife, without Andy, to handle all the community order and investigation forces your. I know that the best policemen fall a little from the clarity, intelligence and empathy of the level displayed by most of the characters in the series "Law and Order" and the like - but debts of this level seem to be "Finally, I found a kind of" story in a story, "Josh's fascination with being his teacher's" victim. "This performance scripted in the story was even worse than his overall performance in the main story." It was an accomplishment like going from "F" to "F-minus." This lamellar situation should have been resolved - in real life - in about 15 minutes after a realistic meeting between teachers and school authorities, with the husband involved, but then this would have prevented pursuing the controversial drama and left an empty film for an hour in the room. But the writer (s) here, proven with their end, could do even worse. eventually "solved" and "corrected", it was done in about 45 seconds, without indicating what measures would have had to occur in any "real context" for the perpetrator and his parents, or whether could find a way to redemption. This is a 2 * presentation; the second "*" because it has a slight "fascination".
