Is there something happening in this movie that is NOT predictable? I do not think. Basically, the movie is cliché after the cliché and nothing comes as a surprise. It makes the movie highly predictable and for this reason the film is also seriously debilitating. So, for a thriller it's not tense and unpredictable, but a drama is a failure. This is because his film story is very unlikely. I mean, it could never happen in real life, as it happens in this movie. So the movie has a real problem of suspense and credibility. But really there are the clues that killed the movie. It sometimes happens. Everything is so formidable in this movie. The Predator is portrayed as a heartless bad boy, almost psychopathic as a frustrated sexual boy, and the victim as a naive woman who behaves as if he had seen nothing of this coming. Everything that happened in the movie was so obvious and it all seemed to happen for a reason. Such as the sequence where the "predator" fixes the broken car of the victims. This must be one of the oldest cliches in the book. I knew what the movie had tried after that time. I tried to look as if the teacher and the student had really grown to each other through the eyes of others around them. It was so incredibly obvious and cheap that I almost did not want to watch the movie after that time. The film is full of moments like this. The title could suggest that this is a cheap porn movie, but in fact it is a sappy made for the TV movie. Which means that everything is happening slowly, and the film spends half of its time to develop unnecessary characters and sub-plots to make the film even more dramatic than that. I'll admit that Elizabeth Berkley is pretty good in this movie. It makes some of the clichés and events seem sometimes almost realistic. Her Hollywood career is as good as she appeared in Paul Verhoeven's "Showgirls", so unfortunately she will probably appear only in movies and television series like this one. It is a waste of talent and it certainly deserves better. All other characters are a disappointment. Corey Sevier plays a rich boy quite "untouched" and the way the main character's husband is portrayed is even worse. It shows more a sexual frustrated predator than the true predator of the film. He basically tries to have sex with his wife in each succession. She wakes up, she wants sex. Before she sleeps, she wants sex. She returns home, wants sex. It may be realistic, but I do not know, I just did not feel good about a movie like this and the story in general. A cliché film filled and I can not believe for any reason why anyone should ever see this movie. It is predictable and therefore unrelenting and credible. It's not a "horrible" movie, and it's certainly a track to watch sometimes, but all the weak and cliché elements in the movie also make it far from a good one.
