I'm a black man who lives in a predominantly black city. Having said that, I have some major doubts about Tyler Perry's work. I realize that some people there feel the need to praise it, because it is Black and tries to present a positive image about culture. But, honestly, in the case of Perry White, this film would have had NAACP's ass, Al Sharpton and Jessie Jackson. I was forced to see this movie a whole hell many times recently and every repeated view makes my blood boil. Characters are badly written and acted. The jokes are so bad, I have to say that something should be fun. I'm going to break the big pile of bugs. Madea = suge. The character might have had some appeal, but he does not have it anymore. When the only thing he ever does to do is beat the children and threaten adults with violence, she is less useless. It is not necessary. The situation with the wife who beat the fiance was horsesh-t. If a woman was so scared of her husband's death, why would she try to flee when she slept in bed. It would not have been better to leave when he was at work. In any case, the characters in this arch were so annoying and upsetting that I hoped she would throw her off the balcony and that she was red-checked when she did not. Then there are the two birds. A bus driver asks a woman by harassing her while doing her round. I could not believe it. I really could not believe when he agreed to come out with him even more. But what the cake is is that a grown man was reduced to throwing pebbles on a window and passing notes like a ten years old by a mega casting slut. I do not use this term easily, but the woman has only two ways. Morocco victim and psych mom. Regardless which of these two faces showed, however, there was a constant. The bus driver was not going to receive anything. She even married her without picking up the goods - WTF! <br /> <br /> Then there is the family reunion scene. Here we have the mother's task, which includes incestuous taboos, polished for the sake of the sander, without shirts, too much muscle, b-ball plus Maya Angelou's taste. When these babies dragged them outside and called for a meeting, I mistakenly wanted the older ones to be claimed by a heart attack. All this crap happens at the meeting, in easy to separate groups and then they have a bell. When they do, everyone gets rid of what they are doing and goes to him, also speaking, like a packet of Pavlov's dog - WTF !! <br /> <br /> Then you have the last five minutes of the movie. In her we see that the abusive fiancée is being manipulated by his victim and by all the evil actress. There is an impromptu wedding where black people are dressed like angels and are hanging from the ceiling - WTF !!! The only reason to look at it so far apart is to test your pain threshold is the hope that the second villain in this story gets his ass. Guess what, it does not happen. Instead, Perry takes the testicular path and plays it safely, ending the movie with a tone of forgiveness - WTF !! <br /> <br /> I'm pretty sure that if I gave her a day, I could write a doctoral thesis on all the ways that this film sucks. It does not even make me start with the rest of Tyler Perry's movies. I'll just say that. In my opinion, as a black guy, D.W. Griffith's legacy lives. The irony is that he does it through a black man who will be praised for doing what the nation of a nation did, selling us on the river. Only Perry's movies were typical, so I could kick them in nuts. Thanks a lot, dude! What will you do in 2009, a comedy about the brutal and savage rape of Colonial America slaves?
