The same night I watched this, I also watched the movie "Scary Movie 4", making a single double feature. Unfortunately for these killer tombs they could not stand up to the laughing laugh, which is the franchise of Scary. While battling with boredom here, looking at jokes that were stupid and stupid, brutally dashed and brutally dirty, the more recent parody made me laugh out loud. How could I want more than that? Director John De Bello uses the basic premise that some kind of growth hormone was wrong and turned the tomatoes into killers. But its main objective here is to sneak around the genre of the disaster movie that was so great back in the day. The script returns to stoner humor and probably if you take illegal substances with movie nights, it could be a cup of tea. I woke up, I stared at an elderly man, under cover like a tomato. And that joke, which is never fun, where there is the discrepancy between the Japanese-speaking actor and the voice. Some can chuckle, I did not. They even had a joke of Hitler that was not funny and I thought all Hitler's jokes were funny. The narrative of this film is so divided (for no good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes kill people, the government is trying to stop it, bad jokes are said. Their purpose may have been correct because their goals include media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Oddly, the main selling point of this movie, those cute tomatoes, really do not make much appearances. And when they do, take this, they're played with real tomatoes. So the gimmick that was washed did nothing for me because I did not really notice that a pack of tomatoes devours a body thanks to the magic of the actions of stopping the action room. There is also a fear of going for work break here, which prevents this movie from being really funny. The gag to have someone almost to fall asleep in every scene can please some audience members, but more than likely will be seen as an invitation to entertain. I may also add that it does not appear to be an old-fashioned human egotism in the workplace here. Man is eating tomatoes and that's dinner, tomatoes eat man and this is a global catastrophe. But that's how the world works. In the movie, the product gets bad due to genetic modification, but in the real world, our production (see: Taco Bell) gets bad due to neglect. And as the onions do green onion, this movie expired a long time ago. There are some good chicories to take. The last shot was really splendid, but it was far from enough to save this moderate bomb. I'm pretty sure there's a good movie buried deep in this concept, but the script had to be filtered through a dozen rewrites to get there. And "there" I mean at the level of the movie "Scary Movie 4." ** 1/4
