If you are a self-acclaiming cinematographer and / or bad movie, is there a certain moment in your life? preferably earlier than later? that you have to watch "The Killer Tomato Attack". It is an inevitable certainty, because it is one of the most famous worship films ever made. However, a thorough but essential detail is that "The Killer Tomato Attack" is deliberately awful. Even from the already opening message of Alfred Hitchcock's "Birds", this is clearly a scratch in the budget and can not escape the impression that the writer / director John De Bello did not wait for his film to become such a success. The film falsifies the contemporary popular trend of the so-called "eco-horror" movies (plants, animals and nature generally revolting against humanity) and introduces the least threatening type of vegetables imaginable as unbeatable killing machines. A government government secret project to produce larger and more tasty tomatoes is wrong and soon there are reports of tomato attacks from across the country. The president puts together a special force squad to fight the juicy enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific areas of expertise and scientists with horrendously dubbed voices. The first half hour of "Attack of killer tomatoes" is very fun. As stupid as it is, the view of vegetables normally jumping from the sink and attacking hysterical housewives is quite original and funny. The first half hour also contains many memorable moments, such as the song easy to remember song, "Jaws" homage and accident unforeseen helicopter infamous (see section trivia for more details), which made the final cut . After that, however, everything turns into a tedious, unstructured and unbearably amateur mess. The quality of the jokes comes from fresh and inventive to shame and it's not even funny and there are too many characters and sublots. Personally, I prefer in the late 1980s and early 90s the sequels (which I saw before seeing the original) because they benefit from slightly better production values, incredible special over-the-top effects of tomatoes and the presence of veteran actor John Astin ("The Addams Familie") as crazy scientist Dr. Gangreen. But, as I have already said, the unexplained original remains mandatory visual material at some point in your life.
