The simplest way to describe this movie is like a satire. The satire's target is quite extensive, from the US government to America's corporations. Also, it is not a penetrating satire, but rather a stupid one. Think of this film as a combination of the Kentucky Fried movie, the Airplane series and the Police, made with a much smaller budget and not as fun. I can see how this movie is a satire of many SF films of disaster from the 1950s and 1960s. I see this film as a great influence on Tim Burton's attacks on Mars. The land is pretty simple. Gigantic tomato processes in genetic engineering are becoming "crazy" and start attacking people and cities. At first, there is a cover up and then blows into a blowing war. The film runs the line of characters and characters: Lois "Fairchild" (a Lois Lane Clone), a very ambitious presidential ambassador Press Secretary Clark Kent, Mason Dixon (an FIA agent who has not worked since the Gulf of Pigs) (who seems to be able to sign his name and attack New York), a Congress, marketing director and Mason's team, which consists of a female swimmer in East Germany, a diver, a World War II parachutist and an African-American disguised expert (disguised as George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Hitler, and finally as tomatoes). I also forgot to mention, a lot of tomatoes? There are all sorts of tomatoes from small tomatoes to huge red tomatoes, crushed tomatoes, tomato juice, and finally people dressed as tomatoes. Besides all of this, you have some musical numbers as well. They are not so good and seem to be called. The best song is by far the theme of the movie ("Red Killer Attack"). It's much too attractive and you could beat it or sing it in public. Be warned. Most of the film is funny and shows the absurdity of different real-life situations, as well as different types of entertainment. I do not think I was laughing, but especially I smiled and scratched my head. I definitely recommend this movie to the fans of B and C movies, but only as a rental. <br /> <br /> <br />
