Well, I could not even enjoy this film for its values ​​of worship. It's action movie B by director "Commando," but it's too blatant and stupid to think of it as a good B movie with enough value for entertainment. The 90's, but first of all, the film should recall an 80s action movie, when these types of B movies were at a high point. These films have always been overhead and have not paid too much attention to his story or his acting. It was blowing, big heroes of muscles and bullets flying around. This movie has all the ingredients in it, but I still did not like to see this movie as much as I like seeing a similar type of movie. It's hard to tell why, indeed, since their story and role are as bad as any other genre of the same era. It's probably because the movie is often far too bad. All these types of movies have silly moments, but this movie is just filled with it. The fight, Dolph Lundgren running around the shirts, the characters, the story. Everything is not very good because it is often too wordless. Does the story sometimes not even try to understand and which is the main plot of the global film? His story is everywhere in reality and seems to be just written to create a movie with battle sequences, gunfights and the like. And those sequences are not really good to really look at. Moments are too short and quite disappointing to really watch from the man who brought us the Commando. It's primarily a Dolph Lundgren, in which he acts as a big action star, who hits the ass with relative ease, knows how to handle guns and other weapons and, of course, also takes his girlfriend played by Tia Carrere. This also brings us one of the worst assembling sequences in the history of action movies and also certainly one of the most serious sex sequences we've ever seen in a movie. Both are too bold for words and only very badly put together. None of the characters really work. Good boys are cops, but they never seem to behave like one. They simply kill around them without having to face responsibility for anyone and are not very eager to arrest or inform anyone about their discoveries. Not even when they find out that a large syndicate of Japanese crime is trying to take over the streets of LA, and a brewery works as a cover for a large-scale drug and smuggling facility. And also think just for a moment, what is Brandon Lee's overall purpose in the movie? The movie would have been easy to handle without him and his girlfriend as well. Very silly, blades and simplistic and simply not fun enough. <br /> <br /> 4/10
