*** Warning - this review contains "plotting spoilers," although nothing could "spoil" this film more than it already is. It's really so bad. *** Before I start, I would like to inform everyone that this movie is certainly one of those incredibly bad-to-laugh movies. If you have a mild mood and you need a very heartfelt laugh, this is the movie for you. Now, without a doubt, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a Wal-Mart scholarship. This should be the first indication of how good a movie is. Second, she plays Dolph Lundgren. That should be the second hint of how good a movie is. I'm still shocked that it was even put on DVD (which would lose money doing such a thing?), Though as you can imagine, there is no extras or bonus videos on DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; the movie begins to play. <br /> <br /> First, the writer for this film deserves torture and murder. It has one of the most serious scripts ever written and is suffered by some terrorists; incredibly incredible, fake dialogue; and inappropriate comments (such as Lee's commentary on Lundgren's man, which I will mention later). There is no single line of true sound in the whole movie. Dialogue and plot go hand in hand, while the scenario and plot progress in a totally meaningless manner. The two cops hate each other for no apparent reason at first, and then, again, no reason, Lee's character pulls to the side of the road, heads to the other side of the car and says, "I'm not you I'll let you go alone, because in spite of me, I like it! And I do not want to see you killed ... or something like that anyway. "There are disgusting one line, most of which Lee said. you go with a bad guy, Lee says, "You have the right to stay silent. You have the right to be dead! Finally, I will mention the totally inappropriate and absurd comment Lee makes about Lundgren's inferior regions. When bad boys begin to attack after a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to beat them in underwear, Lee says, "If we die, I just wanted to tell you that you have the biggest dick (Lee never sees Lundgren naked, as he would know it?) But the writer threw him on the scene anyway. The whole movie looks like a kind of action video game, and Lee even recognizes this. After Lee and Lundgren's underwear defeat all those bad guys, Lee makes a comment that's also really nice: Wow, this is a kind of video game; I only defeated the first wave! "Secondly, the plot of this film is contemptuous, and in my opinion it is mainly due to the fact that it does not exist." Trailers for this film - which IMDb made available for viewing, are approaching - the film is about two policemen trying to stop the Japanese Yakuza from taking over Lost Angeles. This is extremely deceptive, however, because the film has practically nothing to do with it at all. Yakuza who is trying to start a methamphetamine business with local drug dealers, but the entire ACTUAL film is revolving around an insufficient attempt to write Kenner (Lundgren's character) to avenge the death of his parents, Yakuza leader (named Yoshida) killed when he was only 9. The whole plot can be summarized as follows: Yoshida wants Kenner dead, Kenner wants Yoshida to die and the two are trying to kill one And of course, all the time, Kenner's assistant (called Johnny and played by Brandon Lee) acts as an ignorant idiot, and Tia Carrere becomes naked. twice. The actor is one of the most serious parts of the entire film. Dialogue is so unrealistic, and its completely unreasonable portrayal emphasizes it even more. You would expect to play with weak actors anyway, but this movie highlights some of the most unimaginable actors ever recorded. Finally, we get to the heart of the subtlety of the film: the action is flagrantly bad. There are so many stunning, bad, unrealistic action sequences in this movie, it's just impressively impressed that they've managed to fit all of them. Although Lee has a fair share of bad scenes, too, most of the really terrible action involves Lundgren. For example, Lundgren unconditionally takes four or five bad boys with one hand without spilling their tea. Then, when surprised by a car approaching speed, Lundgren occasionally jumps over him. Or what do you say when he comes through a closed door, grabs the evil one on the other side, pulls him back through the door and beats him? Or when he takes Tia Carrere, he walks slowly through a glass door that crashes around him and greeted with a story of Tia still in his arm just to pick up a whole car, without the least effort and use it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? All unscrupulous blows are also terrible, with Lundgren and Lee killing every bad man instantly, while the bullet of their fifty attackers does not seem to hit any of them. This is, of course, up to the final battle scene of the film. Lundgren is shot in the empty chest, in a region that, even if he could lose his heart, would immediately begin to fill the lungs with blood and kill him in a few seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in the top position and manages to take him in the middle of a parade with Yoshida, evil evil. And, of course, the people who pass into the parade dressed as samurai wears REAL, a very sharp cat, which they use to fight the sword. Now, in addition to the bullet wound, Lundgren receives several deep slices in his chest and arms. Does this stop him? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds later, after killing Yoshida badly (frying on a dartboard wheel and then bursting flames for no reason), Lundgren leaves with Tia and Lee as if he were not hurt not at all . God, it's terrible. All these factors are mixed with a completely useless nude scene, free every five minutes, including topless ladies at the party, the decapitation of a hot -headed woman, strip club, nude women at a Japanese spa, and useless hot tub and love scene with Tia . Not to mention the excursion to the bizarre sushi bar, where rich Japanese men eat sushi from naked women. Which, by the way, asks Lee to say with great foolish enthusiasm that after defeating the wicked, he and Lundgren "will eat the fish of those naked babies!" Which, of course, is followed by a high level of disturbance. And we can not forget the terrible editing, as when the villains crush a man trapped in a car in a junk yard, and the editors have left in a really obvious vision of a mannequin. Credits also enumerate an enormous list of stunt workers, which means that a lot of action probably was not made by cinematic stars. Finally, this movie repeatedly exceeds bad badness. It is illogical and impossible and, as a result, remarkably fun. If you are looking for a kind of cinema attentive, this movie will make you want to die. If you are looking for a good laugh and playing the bad movie, this movie will delight you. Like a real movie, I'll deserve this movie at 0.5 out of 10. As a fun way to lose an hour and eighteen minutes, this beauty takes the cake.
