I comment this miniseries from the perspective of someone who first read the novel. From this perspective, I can honestly say that while they are nice, I see why it has never been retransmitted recently. Specifically, this mini has some serious issues, such as: 1) It's terrible of mischief. The actors who played the young generation were between 15 and 20 years older than the characters. Ali McGraw (45) played Natalie Jastrow, who should have been around 26. Jan-Michael Vincent (39 years old) played Byron Henry, who was supposed to be nearly 22. The other children Henry and Pamela Tudsbury were also played by actors too old for characters who should have been in the 1920s. 2) Some of the actors were absolutely terrible. Ali McGraw has sometimes made this mini unmatched. I have seen more compelling performances in high school plays. <br /> <br /> 3) Ranking was poor. To be fair with Ali McGraw, bad action and character development were probably the direction. The representation of Hitler was too much. His character came to look and behave more like a cartoon villain than the charismatic genius, sometimes charming but always diabolical, Herman Wouk painted him in the novel. Some of the other characters are made so stereotypically (Berel Jastrow) that they do not gain the depth of character that Wouk has created. 4) This mini is very dated. Hokey music, pretentious narrative (it sounds like a narrative of high school history film), and the whole experience of soap-soap made from time to time almost comic. Also, too often, Byron and Natalie are dressed and dressed to show that they are in 1979 rather than 1939. Someone who follows this without first reading the novel probably does not sit by it for that it will be more like the late '70s / early 80s "to take me too seriously" dramatic drama drama, rather than the television version of what is certainly a modern American classic. older movies and the like are sometimes poorly accomplished, but this is probably a case where a creative and inspired director could make a stunning, memorable and critically acclaimed production. I never see this because a remake should be as long (15 hours) or more to do it right, and given the brief attention of most of the contemporary American public, it would not fly.
