The funny sound you heard when you look at this eccentric version of Jules Verne's "Journey to the Center" is that Verne is spinning in the grave. The only thing about the 80-minute opposite of "Traveling to the Center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, anything else in this unprecedented production is new and is not worth watching. In fact, the director wrote here at IMDb.COM that he only directed eight minutes of "Earth Center Trip" and the studio approached part of the sequel of "Dollman" helmer Albert Pyun to "Alien of L.A." with Kathy Ireland. Obviously, the producers were left with no money and to meet their overseas contractual obligations, they drove Pyun's continuation into Rusty Lemorande's film. Please do not rent or buy this piece of unlucky garbage. Unlike "Journey to the Center of the Earth" by director Henry Levin (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, "Lemorande Journey at the Center of the Earth" takes place in contemporary times in Hawaii. Two siblings, a British grandmother and a dog are gathered for the advent of a life by coincidence only. Richard (Carafotes of Blind Date) and his comic book, obsessed with brother Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith of "Weird Science"), are exploring a cave. Heroin, Crystina (Nicola Cowper of Underworld), works for an internal service called "Nannies R Us". Being a nanny was Crystina's dream over the course of her life, but she did less of all five of his nanny jobs. However, her sympathetic supervisor, Ms. Ferry (Lynda Marshall of "Africa Express"), sends her to Hawaii. Crystina's new client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley of "Doomsday"), who is planning a final concert to revive her career, has a dog named Bernard. Foul wants Cristina to take Bernard into a day spa for dogs. Crystina is waiting for her taxi to arrive, when a motel that takes care of it does not accidentally put the cart that hides Bernard in Richard's jeep. You see, Foul hid his dog in a basket because motel management strictly forbids pets in their premises. Foul disguised the dog as a human child. Anyway, Crystina gets a taxi and tells the driver to follow Richard. When he gets caught with them to take his dog, the cabin leaves and leaves. Crystina asks Richard to take her back to town, but she has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joins the boys, is lost and is in the lost city of Atlantis, a dictator-led state in the center of the Earth. The leaders of Atlantis repeatedly notify citizens that surface life does not exist. Heroes and our heroine are stumbling on Atlantis quite accidentally. Atlantis resembles a disco and everyone seems to be directly from a rock punk opera. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of Operation Hit Hit), organizes a raid on the surface with the first human clones, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland of "Roughness Necessary"), to visit Atlantis. Predictably, the mechanisms of General Rykov to rule Atlantis and to overthrow the Earth fail, and our heroes and heroine saves the day. "Journey to the center of the earth" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy, despite the superficial satire about dictatorships. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite low budget directors, but he blew this light stream from a science fiction saga.
