The trip to the Center of the Earth is the story of Hawaiian tourists, three of them brothers and one of them a young British grandmother overseeing a dog. When the brethren accidentally take revenge in their jeeps with the dog biscuit basket, the nurse follows them (perhaps they would have been more safe to buy) to the cave that the brethren intended to explore (I think). For some reason, they really go into the cave and when the place begins to hope, they try to have no results, except for the six-year-old sister who tells her to help. Meanwhile, the longer it moves in the cave, the more it continues to fall even further towards the cavern core of the earth. And here we find the city of Atlantis and its strange strangers who live under the oppressive leadership of a stranger who does not want them to ask many questions about their outer worlds. <br /> <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, the director of the movie, has given comments on this film, explaining that part of the second half of this movie is actually the sequel to Alien in LA Well, no matter what it was, it was an amazingly inexpensive movie that I would just rank slightly above the city limits (a 1988 SF movie also made on a non-existent budget), for that at the end of the worst harmless shooting film, it may be that in the last 20 minutes we can see a bit of humor and fun when we finally see what life means in the world of extraterrestrials in the center of the Earth. I also give her a two star rating, rather than one, because sometimes it was fun, even if only in its subtleties. For example, aliens ask the British girl if she is a foreigner and explain that the ministry has to send her work visas shortly. Or when the alien girl finds Bryan and explains he's in Altantis, and he's wrong with Atlantic City, New Jersey. Few things like this make the idiocy of the first hour or so tolerable. Imagine how wonderful the movie could have been if it had 1) it intended to do it, and 2) it actually had the money to do it. I really like how nobody wonders what happened to the little sister who was sent out at first to get help. She just wandered in the caves of Hawaii and not far from the volcano erupted, think.
