This movie manages to enjoy the mind for 2/3 of the journey. Unfortunately, the movie gets too "confused". While I know that some of the behaviors plot are standard films "friend cop," I was attracted to characters who gathered brilliantly, but ultimately the film relies too heavily on the sequences thus a cloth and lost interest. /> <br /> filmmakers did a great job of getting the characters themselves and to make their own work and must see who are identified with both policemen early. We have formed our own opinion, instead of being forced to constantly look at them with a steady fierceness. Eventually, too many things happen and deviate a lot from what could have been a delightful piece of escapism. Here referring to Joe Gavilan (Harrison Ford) at the end of the movie: 1. The business estate 2. mental adventure with Radio 3. He is being investigated by internal affairs investigation of homicide 4. If you add Casey's concerns, 't you let him want to be an actor and vengeance to his father's death. Now some of these things meet and even meet well, but all elements of the plot are found among the prosecution fictitious, which is both long and pathetic barely have time to break my ennui site and give silly about what is happening. The impressive scriptwriter acrobatics can not overcome bad footage. As a sequence ridiculous prosecution would not be bad enough, one that has four separate sections and can take almost half an hour, it was not bad enough, Fields Joe Gavilan calls on business to property while I'm following the gunman with a gun. All these extra-curricular lines and jokes make me totally meaningless if the killer is caught or not. I have already forgotten or no longer take care of plot to murder this time, because several plot lines and eye candy chase the sites we were humiliated beyond comprehension. While I can handle the pursuit and how they ruin a decent story, I will not do it. This could have been a very pleasant film, but it has become too big for bunches and has become a redundant loss of time. Harrison Ford and Josh Hartnett did pretty well and a small appearance of Gladys Knight is worth noting. Unfortunately, none of the actors can help this wrong film be forgotten. While this will probably be better than "The Hulk" and "Lara Croft II" that still do not do this good movie. I hear that Harrison Ford claimed to do only movies that I think would make money, I'm not sure whether it's true or not. What is true is that in order to get an excellent box office you do not need a great movie or a great actor, this film has no main roles. My advice to Harrison Ford would be: stay with Indiana Jones because you can even run.
