Josh Hartnett's dead eyes, his thick writing, and Harrison Ford being in a comedy of a cop! Here are three reasons to hate it, to avoid it and to use 116 minutes of your life better. Friendly cops are fun. However, their true age of gold was again in the 1980s and 1990s. Making someone attempting to mix action and comedy through Hollywood police is certainly a good idea, but its final result has not turned out to be at least one subgenrous doll, but a reason to ask God to have pity on all of the past films of the same type, while the worst of them was in any case higher than (Hollywood Homicide). What really happened with this entertainment formula? For a whole decade, things had not been the same. You had a flop stubborn by a friend, after another. I will delight you with some titles to catch the disaster: (I Spy - 2002), (National Security - 2003), (Taxi - 2004), (Starsky & Hutch - 2004) (Miami Vice - 2006)! <br /> <br /> I think one of the reasons is the natural case of saturation after many similar cinematic films and TV shows over two decades. Add here, especially here, boring negligence and humor. In fact, the problem this time is totally unbearable. Yes, we have the characters of two loyal policemen who have the second job and the background of a sinful city, but what else was new? It is not a cliché; it's about a couple of cluttered renewals in which both were badly done. The act, especially on his part (Hartnett), is terrible. This guy is nothing but a comedian (or an actor!). So his character wanted revenge for his father's death! Revenge of your man, probably died of your assault! Even small roles have people who have nothing to do with the comedy (or they seemed here anyway!). The director fails to present something so comic or so harsh, some parts have managed to be very boring (the black type arrest by lack?); it's a rare time to be boring in what you should be doing / comedy! They did not use Hollywood as an ironic place in which there is an ugly face behind superficial charm or even a place full of bright or fallen stars (who would have given it some interesting moments) <br /> It's a very simple film that reported that it can only be watched by the brightness of its stars, and that it is a Buddy policeman movie ending up as one of the worst 2-star cases with non-chemistry on screen (one of them has no chemistry with the screen itself! Guess who ?!) and a Buddy-Cop Destroyer more than a movie! God, do not make me or my children live enough to be witnesses (Homicide Hollywood? Part 2)! Finally, look at Harrison Ford's performance, he wanted to have a good time, but at least I did not.
