Lame film. Completely uninteresting. There is no chemistry between Indiana Jones and the Black Hawk Down guy. The car tracking continues and continues on the nauseum. They manage to change vehicles several times, but they always get on the baddies tail. The scene in which Hartnett grabbed the family car with the children crying in the back was as bad as it could be. He tells him about Oriental philosophy and how it is good to die, which I imagine the writers thought it was funny or even a wizard. It just came like a moron, absolutely unbelievable and even cruel. Some subplots were not even explored, but only used as fillers. Why does Hartnett become ill, seeing dead bodies, continue to order burgers at murder scenes? Why and why is the bad guy of IA suddenly arrested by the boss? Why can I take the cops to their buddies and then let them respond to the phones or pretend that the Indians are being shuffled and then let them wave out of there without being a slap on the wrist? For some reason, even if Ford is discovered as a cheap and fraudulent asset when acting as a real estate agent (he makes the prices when he tries to sell the producer's house to raise his commissions), they come back to him anyway! They knew he lied to both of us! However, they came to the conclusion that they both said they would never go. You're stupid, stupid. This is also one of those police movies, where they are only innocent on public roads that do not care for the world for innocent passers-by. There they were, standing on the sidewalk, as people turned to cover. Amazingly they did not hit a single person after they fired about 60 rounds each .... The scenario was terrible, the action sequences were boring, the plot just part of a very pathetic attempt to have roots for Ford and Hartnett. She is not miserable. And Ford's phone! Turn this thing up! How many times could it sound in a 2-hour film? 50? 60? He was frustratingly aggravating from the middle of the movie! Every 30 seconds, that bad song will play! And if it were not Ford, then Hartnett called! It was incredibly annoying! The complete loss of time, Ford's worst movie from 6 days 7 nights, which was undoubtedly the lowest point of his distinguished career.
