Well, this movie made me feel so strong that I signed up for an IMDb account just to warn people. It's obviously AWFUL !! Nothing makes sense in this movie. There are too many subplots for a start. Josh Hartnett's character is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor, as well as a policeman who seems to live beyond his means and only teaches yoga to hot girls (some of whom are waiting naked in the jacuzzi when he returns from work). Add to this that his father was killed by a sting policeman who happens to be in the current crime investigated by the unfortunate duo. The character of Harrison Ford is trying to sell real estate and sleep with the ex-wife of the home affairs investigator, who is going to run a psychic radio show that Ford's character calls from time to time. Nonsense! I do not remember the characters (so forget it), so I'll refer to them as Ford and Hartnett. which is brutal. I mean things that cause trouble. Throw away every scrawl in the book (having a heart in the heart in a dark bar during the day over a drink where the bartender knows his name, the duo being investigated by internal affairs (why?), Hartnett faces his father's killer) and you have a mess. As I said, the intrigue is absurd and continuity is nonexistent: 1) When Ford's car is rebuilt, how the hell did the guys repo know where they parked? Did they follow him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and happens so that the only clue on the crime scene (an ink) is reproduced on the bricks there (which was lucky!) 3) When the two are arrested and taken for questioning - Ford answering the phone, and Hartnett "centers on himself" with a yoga picture on the table. Instead of picking up the phone from Ford, the type IA is waiting to ring every time and then tries to catch it from the table before Ford. Meanwhile, the female officer from IA with Hartnett is screaming. Then, inexplicably, the two are released without answering any questions. 4) During the tracking machine, Hartnett's car collapses and shakes its way around Hollywood, but suddenly the car is again perfect. It's not a scratch! 5) When Ford follows the evil man in the building and gets into the elevator, how the hell knows what floor is the evil from me? 6) When the two are watching the evil guy in Hartnett's car, Ford is trying to close a real estate business. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most unconvincing record of execution. His motivation to kill an aspiring rapper group on the label? He could leave his label and it is a warning to keep his loyalty to the other groups. But do you still stay, how will anyone ever sign up with this business plan? 8) Why is the type of IA investigating Ford finally arrested? There is no explanation! 9) And Hartnett gets to use his "actor" to surprise the evil one in the end. I could go on, I could. Anyone looking deeper into this film than in a direct action comedy needs their head examined, because that's all it is. There is nothing else! It should not be satirical or ironic. It's just crap.
