The film starts with a manager (Nicholas Bell) who offers welcome investors (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project that moves a primary animal using fossilized DNA, such as Park Jurassik, and some scientists revive one of the most fearsome predators of nature, the Sabretooth or Smilodon. The scientific ambition, however, turns into danger, and when the high-tension fence is open, the creature escapes and begins to pursue wild prey - human, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young people enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a packet of large prehistoric animals that are more deadly and bigger. In addition, Security Officer (Stacy Haiduk) and her partner (Brian Wimmer) do not struggle hard against Carnivorous Smilies. Sabbaths themselves, of course, are the real star stars and they are amazingly terrifying, though not convincing. Giant animals are pursuing their prey, and the group is fighting against the most fearsome predators of nature. In addition, a third Sabretooth is more dangerous and binds the victims. The film delivers the goods with lots of blood and gore as decapitation, cool hair, scary when Sabbaths appear with mediocre special effects. The story offers exciting and agitated entertainment, but it's pretty boring. Gigantic animals are mostly made by a computer generator and seem totally inappropriate. Wonderful performances, although players react adequately to becoming food. Actors give vigorous physical performance, running, binding and jumping or hanging over the walls. And pack it in a ridiculous, deadly scene. Not for young children of real, violent and violent attack scenes. Other movies about Sabretooths or Smilodon are: "Sabretooth (2002)" by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and much better ¨10,000 BC (2006) by Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This filming full of bloody moments is directed by George Miller and without any originality, because he takes too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works on television (tidal wave, travel to the center of the earth and much more) and occasional cinema (Snowy, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Under barrel bottom.
