Give me a score of 3 NOT this is what I would give the original Soviet version of this movie. It seems that American-International (a studio that specialized in the ultra-low-budget fare in the 1960s) bought this movie and completely destroyed it - by sharing a two-hour plus video in a 64-minute movie! In addition, many of these 64 minutes were new stuff (like "monsters") - so you know that this movie has almost no resemblance to the original. The original film seems to be a pretty fair drama about the Soviet conquest of space-even if I'm not sure what it was originally! To understand the original movie, read Steven Nyland's review - it was very useful. By the way, this was the third Soviet science film that I saw that the American international bought and then hacked apart from making a "new" movie - a standard practice for a company that was willing to put almost anything on the screen to make a buck - provided, of course, that it cost them much more than a buck in the first place !! This americanized film represented about two rival world powers (NOT the United States and the Soviets) trying to be the first on Mars. Bad guys try, but fail, and the "good guys" save an astronaut idiot and then heading to Mars. Unfortunately, they are stuck temporarily on a moon of Mars, where I see monsters (add international Americans) who are REAAAY cheesy and someone bearing resemblance to a certain part of a woman's anatomy. Then they are saved - they return to the heroes of the Earth. The bottom line is that the movie was consumed - transforming an incredibly beautiful piece (for time) transformed into a C grade film. For this reason, the Soviets had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that horrible job I did with this film I convince them to refuse to sell more movies these sites jerk! It pays to show a laugh, but very bad moments that make you laugh are few and far. So the movie is a stupid - not bad enough to make it a must-see for bads of bads and too dopey to be taken seriously. I would love to see the film in its original form - must have been a picture.
