Monster is a terrible movie about a bad American concrete factory (is there anything else in Hollywood?) Which pollutes the waters of the small Colombian town of Chimayo somehow creating a catfish beast with a predilection for lamb and free women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, the man who is sent down to Chimayo by his frightened boss, Barnes, who can not hold his hands on the back of his secretary to reach the bottom of the word. While in Chimayo Bill she has to fight an annoying reporter who apparently transmits all her stories in English perfect right back to America. I think in the seventies there was a news market in the small towns of South America. There is also a radical called Sanchez, who wants to sabotage the water pollution plant, which also brings the city with jobs for locals, but why it has left cool cold economies to prevent enviromarxism. Pete, the head of the factory is assisted by the monster without committing sex while having sex with his ex girlfriend on the beach, tells him that he sees the daughter of Mayor Juanita and ends between them, then is eaten fresh that night. A small secondary action without evidence. My hat is on you. John Carradine rounds up the cast as a priest who thinks the monster is sent by God to punish the sinners. You can see his contempt for being in this movie in front of him. At the same time, he filmed that he goes to the local currency exchange to see if his check has not jumped. It's probably based on a true story, so much so that I say it twice in the opening credits, this movie is terrible on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later, when Kenneth Hartford set his leg on Monster's throat, adding the two annoying children as new characters, even if he set up his daughter, Andrea's top bills with Mitchum and Carradine. Sound quality is non-existent, and most scenes seem as if someone dirty the tar over the camera before filming. This is even more tedious during many scenes made at night. The monster himself is laughing when he raises his nasty rubber head for the anticlimactic end. James Mitchum and his brother Chris are proof that nepotism in the cinema industry must be reduced. Quite undetectable. Shame on you John Carradine.
