Here's how you do this: Believe in God and repent for your sins. Then things should come back the next day or so. <br /> <br /> Until the last fifteen minutes, this film plays just like a bad recapitulation of a drunk's drunk. His mother dies. His mother's passion is a bantu. His father dies. He drinks. Is getting married. Has children. Drink more. His wife gets mad. He disappoints his children. The wife threatens to leave. He calls a reverend late at night when he wants to commit suicide. Then, after recapitalization, then we come to the subtle message in the form of "Left Behind". He needed a salary. "This is the phrase I had to repeat once the credits began to roll, so I would not lose my respect for Madsen." Madsen fell on his knees and asks for Christ's forgiveness. what he did, he goes outside and actually says he sees the world in a different way He tells his wife he found God and she is good enough for her Flip the scene for four months and wife is tired to go to the church End the movie as Madsen walks to the bar and gives a soliloquy about how happy he is with Christ and without alcohol The final moment He gives a stomach to the bar (ie the home of the sinners) and gives a gay leap , Miami-Vice, after school, in the air, as freezing frames of the room. See why I had to repeat the phrase "She needed a salary." The man is bad, the production values ​​of the B-Grade 80 it does not help too much. The script could easily have been an episode from "Coming to an Angel." It could have been removed in 30 minutes, plus commercials. The act is wooden and never credible. Even Madsen, of whom I am a great fan and is the only reason I have been through this, makes clear that this is his first actor role and he does not realize a member of him, still on the elbow and still the room. After 45 minutes, I began to discourage myself. This was like homework. I just wanted to put it and say that well, I saw half of it. It's pretty good. But no. If we were staying with the ninja cheerleader, I could sit around here. The only reason I do not do this is 1 is for two points: 1) I like Madsen. I know it's not fair. But it's great to see the opening title "Michael Madsen's introduction". Sue me. 2) Part of the Dialog is so bad that it's classic. I will keep a few quotes at the end of this, so you can enjoy them too. That's about it. To wrap it, this is a piece of nonsense that should remain red with the rest of the turds. But hey! Look! Michael Madsen! (See also TILT, EXECUTIVE TASK, DAUL BOSS, etc.). Now I have to resume my Backup Dogs and watch Madsen torture a policeman to take my respect for him. "I'll make myself blind, but I'll drink it anyway" - Madsen's first taste of cheap alcohol <br /> <br /> "Do not understand! Everything looks so beautiful!" - Madsen walked out after I confess to God <br /> <br /> "I go to the center later and take a Bible and I will have a haircut" - Madsen after having the conversation at the table because Satan lives in your hair
