One summer, who also boasts these villains like snakes on a plane and the Da Vinci Code, is a pretty bold statement. But I stay alongside her all the same. Superman returns, like King Kong 6 months before, overloaded, hyper-indulgent, and CGI up to the eyeball. God, this is my head. Richard Donner had the idea of ​​"keeping the reality" for the two exits. And it seems to me that its approach to special and optical effects is the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombers us with so much CGI that he really gets you out of the story and he constantly remembers you looking at a blockbuster who thinks the only way to impress an audience is to spend $ 250 million (a total amount of irresponsible money) on inappropriate visual effects that do not overlap with hype. I saw everything and I was over and over again that CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in this. And for a movie that is made up of 95% of this stupidity ... well you realize. I've read so many reviews from fanboy critics about how the movie has a "soul" or "a human heart" or "moments of offer character." Puh-lease! I was already angry with my soul silently crying: "You would love me if you knew who I was" a dozen times already in the last few years, and the SR does not offer absolutely nothing new in this regard. Even the land is recycled. Lex Luthor (a serious mis-cast and hammy Kevin Spacey), the plot to destroy America's landmass was made in the first movie already! And, well ... that's your crowd! It's amazing that they've managed to get this junk up to 2.5 hours painful! Even if the song would be enjoyable, it would be less unbearable. But Brandon Routh has the personality on the screen of a mahogany hat stand, Kate Bosworth is totally unconvinced that Pulitzer Prize winning journalist, James Marsden, is 250 percent of wood as usual, and Kevin Spacey needs to fire his agent or to acquire a better judgment. The only member I liked was the beautiful Parker Posey. But I'm in weird girls. Every year, movies like this become bigger and more bombastic. Pretty soon we will have 300 million movies. Studios need to realize that they should start looking down instead of looking up. For all the money that Warner has spent on this pile of nonsense, for all the resources this movie has cost ... was it worth? In my opinion, certainly not! This trash puts my Superman alive!
