It does not really matter that Superman's comic books are incredibly naive and their target is ten years. What matters is that "Superman Returns" is bad movie. <br /> <br /> At first, a question for you Dear readers, how many of you think Superman will be defeated by bald, Kevin Spacey? Anybody? Just as I thought. No spoilers here. So let's get to some major issues right now. First of all, this movie looks like commercial (the scene in the Budwiser bar is a scene that seems like that). Imagine having Superman for two and a half hours. Let's be serious that it is not "Amadeus" or "The Departed". You actually feel this movie is too long. And the special effects are not so special on the road. Secondly, the scenario is stupid. Sometimes, even if something is acceptable in comics, in cinema it seems to be bad. And so it is in this case. Of course, dialogues are ashamed. I can not believe that someone took the money to write them. How many times will we be fed with bastards? How many times will the laws of physics be violated? (Jesus, it is not just the power of Superman, but also the strength of the materials he has done with him). How many times will Lois Lane be fooled by Kent? How many times will Hollywood producers look for a story in a comic book? Since it's hard to make a good story, why have a bad story for a starter? It just does not work. Boys, take a grip. Try more, please. Or simply stay in this strike forever who cares. I have the feeling that WGA is constantly on strike. No annoyance. I do not question those who are paid these people, but the quality of the product they are delivering. In this case there is no quality. (At this point you can ask yourself: is that really bad? Yes, it is.) Third, the action is weak, which is quite surprising since Bryan Singer (Usual Suspects) leads. Kevin Spacey's having fun, but he's the only one. The audience does not have a joke. The thing is that the comic book hero can be developed into a real personality, with clear motives, but also with doubts, fears, depths. In this case, no one has done that job, and the characters are not really interesting. Finally, the entire effort of the creators turns this movie into a parody. The second unit is so bad that it draws attention because there is nothing interesting to happen on the screen anyway. The harder I try (if it tries), the more fun it is (but does not laugh at what you might expect). The final conclusion? A word: shame. <br /> <br /> This special movie, ladies and gentlemen, is the camp. Do not waste your time and do not waste your money too. Stay home, read a book.
