This movie was designed extremely poorly from any angle, except technology. I stood and watched everyone out of the theater, their sunken faces as if their lives shone before their eyes - their eyes wandering to their neighbor, wondering if only they. I mean, how could it really be a bad movie. No one will admit, it is a classic case of the Emperor wearing clothes without clothing. "Who am I to ask for a movie that contains a guy who stops a line jet?" But it remains, every member of the public is thinking about what I am writing right now. I actually plagued her faces. Obviously, Lois is just excited about power, he will not even have a cup of coffee with the Superman with glasses that does not stop the jet gaskets. It can not be the look in his "eyes" to the depths of his soul or something like that. In the old Supermans, she had a certain level of linkage with it, it was not the number one priority, obviously, but it reinforced the character of being "torn". I bet Henry Kissinger would have even won the Lois in front of Clark Kent. And now it's official, Kryptonite makes Superman eat at McDonalds at Avg. the person. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN "ONE" He loses his earthly father, then finds his true super father, the story is captivating every step of the way. It is human, refers to people and feels love to people, refers to high school students, refers to people who feel different. He refers. Superman Superman Superman seems to refer only to Superpeople and it seems he only "does a job" when he saves people. There's something about Clark that Lois likes, he's really in love with him internally, but maybe we do not recognize her, and when he comes in the picture like Superman, he's throwing a shot in love on the rock. Without Superman, he would have fallen in love with Clark (at least that's the purpose of the movie, whether it was the intention or not). Superman Returns is a love story between a woman and SUPERMAN, Clark is like a bunch of Lois horses. Literally. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN TWO I saw it again. As a child, I "believed" that I liked the action, but now I know it was THE STORY that kept me, too, always looking. If I saw Superman Returns as a child, I would have hated him then, I think. There is so much heart, soul and superpower going into this movie, it's sick. Superman forsakes his powers for love as a world plot happens, and in the meantime, Lex Luther has something fantastic in his sleeve. SUPERMAN THREE Now there is a three-way love story between Superman and Lana and Clark, only mankind wins, and Clark's inner nature beats Superman's power, because when SUPERM's nature disappears and he's SuperHUMAN (doing human things with his superpowers), he sees that he is not Superman's power he loves, not SUPERpowerman, but SUPERMORTALman he loves - and who's really SUPER. And when he tells Clark that he's "prefers" to Superman, he's so compassionate, he's once again made a human relationship. He wants to be accepted for who he is, not just for his ability to bend steel. That's the kind of thing that's missing from Superman's return. Clark super sneeze to help the child to strike - humanity again. In addition, it is an INSERT the use of superpowers. He does not just use the right force. He crushed coal in a diamond for his wife, because he had to sell it to him, love is the only thing that leads him to use his powers other than for salvation. <br /> <br /> There seems to be nothing in the game in Superman Returns. Even in Superman Three, we see the damage caused by the plot of world domination of the nemesis ... we see the suffering, we see how it affects Pryor and the others and the people in the middle ... there is no emotional damage from his plot Lex to sink the US. We see a crystal globe thrown into space. Superman had to become very creative in the first three Supermans, to stop the plot against him, that he could not "access" only his superpowers. First, he had to stop two missiles going in different directions and then to break his universal mandate and erase history to save the life of Lois ... (thirty years! ") In the second, he he had to overcome three guys that he was already stronger than, but combined with Lex's genius and the immoral tactics of villains, Superman's crunch was not enough, he had to work against each other and overcome them ... In Superman III , again, his superpowers were not enough to win. He had to go over a computer to compute everything he saw. He could not use direct aggression on the computer because he calculated it in advance, so he had to use a benign acid that would become deadly for the computer after the computer responded to aggression and discovered that acid earlier when it could not simply use superpowers to gives fire to a fire because it was a chemical fire, so he had to use his super brains - he could not carry water, so he froze a lake and escaped the fire. Now in Superman he returns, he simply lunges the island in outerspace as a night temperature for UPS. He does not need to think of anything but just uses his "super power". And Lex Luther's glow has been demonstrated at the level of the premeditation of a drug addict who just ran out of junk. He did not say anything about throwing that island into outer space after he was stabbed with a kerptonite right NUTRU in blood AND the island itself dripped spores of kryptonite in front of him, but he just prevented his eyes and nose as well as it would not have been the Gray Poupon he was looking at.
