I saw the movie last night and I really wanted to like it. My expectations for the movie have been up and down since I heard it was done. A few days I would see something spectacular and for a few days I would be disappointed. Still, being my kind of fan, I had great hopes for this film, but eventually I was very disappointed. <br /> <br /> While I love Richard Donner's films I did not like their nature sometimes campy or the changes they made to Superman's character and his powers. Singer, however, chose to take the worst elements of Donner's films and put them in his version. While Lex Luthor is a little darker, he is nothing but a shyster, a conman and a common criminal. He's no more intelligent than when Gene Hackman played it. Kevin Spacey does his best to play Luthor well, but ultimately he becomes the victim of inappropriate writing and unimaginable dialogue. His harassers are more than two-dimensional than comic books. Most of them have literally no dialogue in the movie. <br /> <br /> **** SPOILERS AHEAD **** Kitty Kowalski is almost exactly the same character as Mrs. Tesmacher. She seems to be just as bad and cold as Lex Luthor, but she turns out to be just a man who melts after seeing Superman in trouble and quite predictable betrays Luthor. The biggest disappointment in the film was Frank Langella as Perry White. I was not a big fan of Perry White's top film in Donner, but at least she had a soul. He was, after all, said and done, a veteran reporter who looked after the truth and a good story. Langley's Perry White is nothing more than a corporate company. He wants everyone to focus on superman related stories, because he sells works, even if each other does the same thing. He does not care about the true stories, the real mysteries, such as the black, and what Lex Luthor has done until now that he has no prison. The worst thing about Langella is he is DULL! Some actors may be quiet and awake, yet they have an underground current that lets you know that the waters are still deep. Frank Langella is pissed. <br /> <br /> Brandon Routh is not a bad actor. It's OK, but again there is not one single memorable line in the whole movie. It's not the actor's fault. His movements are clearly meant to show graceful, even if the smallest movement of his fingers influences the way he flies. But it still shows choreography and fireworks. <br /> <br /> Lois Lane, while writing badly, was surprisingly well-behaved by Kate Bosworth. Unfortunately, again, for a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and writer, she is as eloquent as any teenager on Dawson's Creek. James Marsden was my favorite actor in the whole movie, especially because he looks more like Superman than Routh. Without superpowers, he manages to figure out Lois Lane's message, flies to the plane, gets on board Luthor's yacht and saves Lois and her son. The only time the movie is in is when all the trap is, because it floods with water and the ship sinks. You slowly see them sink into the water. You know that Superman will come at the last moment to save them, but still you can not feel sorry for them. As I said before the plot is very haphazard. Unlike Singer, this is not a movie about the return of a superhero and trying to find its place in the world. As soon as the world returns, he greeted him with open arms. Lois is the only one who is not happy to see him back. Even Luthor is happy to have Superman back because he gives him the chance to solve the score with the steel man. Superman turns out to be probably one of the worst heroes in the universe. A large piece of green meteorite is stolen from a museum, Lex Luthor has no prison, now has knowledge of Superman's powers and weaknesses, yet still fails to connect enough points to know that Luthor would use kryptonite against him. <br /> <br /> According to the film, the only thing Superman can do is really raise really tough things. Sequences of action are incredibly predictable.
