I think this movie is a tribute to the first Superman movie because it is as tough and painfully long as the original. After an opening scene consisting exclusively of dark intergalactic visions, credits pay homage to futuristic credits over time of Superman's original film. <br /> <br /> Then there are other more dirty things. Ma Kent sees a farm on the farm and spends a lot of my life slowly, going up to some debris in the corn field. Then Superman sneaks on her and fades. Then we catch up with Lex Luthor in a scene about many stunning jail times by an old lady when she dies. We do not see Luthor's face until the end of the scene, a first instance of the film not to leave any unbroken stone. Lex Luthor is a guy who does not like Superman because he is not a man. He also probably never likes people, because the film occasionally has a kind of plot about Lex Luthor who plans to kill most of the Earth's population. After a while, Clark Kent returns to him (I forgot to mention that he was gone on a five-year trip where nothing happened). Then he learns that Lois Lane has an illegal child and meets with Cyclops. This disturbed him so much that he lost control of his superior power to such an extent that he accidentally violated an image frame. At this point we see that Miss Lane is on a kind of jet attached to some sort of space shuttle. It's an important event because it's on TV. Then we find out that there are people in a control room that monitors this event. There are also people who watch it on TV, and there are pilots in the cabin. Then the movie reminds us that these people are involved in cutting each other for most of the summer. As the events that led to the inevitable disaster began to build, I apologized for a siphon. I accidentally went back to the wrong theater and saw the film about Al Gore showing all the slides. I tried to go back to Superman Returns, but I somehow got lost in the Prairie Home Companion, which I watched twice in a row. Then it was time to stop walking. I returned to the first theater, found my chair and looked up to see that Lois Lane's disaster was imminently near us. Still, I seemed to take it forever, so I walked around the theater, met a girl, married, raised a son, and sent him to college. During my graduation visit to my son's medical school, I remembered that I should probably check in Superman Returns, so I apologized and returned to the theater just to learn that there was no need to hurry . It took another half an hour before things got dark for Space Lane. When they did, Superman saved everyone, which was quite cool. And then there is a subplot in which Superman really turns creepy and begins to follow Lois Lane and his family with his vision of X-rays and super-hearing. Then he tries to make her cheat Cyclops, who seems to be a good guy. Meanwhile, Lex Luthor is involved in a kind of contest to show every generic negative character behavior before the end of the movie. I forgot to bring my score card home with me (I give you one at the door), but I think it's got nearly a hundred percent. I hope he will earn millions of dollars. At this point things start to prepare for the big end. I think perhaps the projector was broken, thanks to the movie seemed to be some kind of loop for a while here. I remember seeing the turbulent things that rose from the water, Superman getting sick, Superman getting better, getting back to the dirty stuff, getting sick again, no longer waiting, it's good again. Then Lex Luthor unleashed the evil guy moving: shouting a little to his girlfriend. Then Superman died and returned to life. I thought the movie was over, so I left. Ninety years later, the health care home where I lived seemed cool to me. I realized I left my jacket in the theater and went to find it. When I did, I was a little surprised to learn that Superman Returns is not over yet. I tried to ask some spectators what I missed, but most were just skeletons with a long gray beard now. I sat in my old chair and watched Lois Lane around the house for a while. Then Superman appeared and began to quote the beginning of the movie, and since I've already seen that part, I thought I'd better go. So this is my review of Superman Returns. <br /> Also, if you like jokes about people who eat dogs or jokes about a dog who is eating another dog, you will love this movie. Because there are two jokes like that in her.
