First, let me just comment on what I liked about the movie. The special effects were fantastic and, very rarely, I felt I was watching a video game. There, this is the last beautiful thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I would like all those who read this to note that I can not even say in words how hard it was for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> <br /> I have countless complaints about the movie, but four major complaints I remember. My first major complaint has to do with the incredible joy of "overthrowing the plot" (if you can say that since most people have probably seen it a mile away), if the son of Lois de 5 he turns out to be super-powered Superman's child. When the super-weeping child throws a piano at Lex's spirits to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Singer could have done a better movie for Superman without resorting to cheap tricks like an illegitimate child, seemingly fragile but supreme latent. It's been 5 days since I saw the movie and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next major complaint is that Superman raises a continent made of kryptonite in outer space. Do not take a guy from Simpsons to show what's wrong with that. I do not know how many comic books he read Brian Singer, but when Superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite he has the ability to stay on his feet. Anyone who has the idea of ​​having to fly on a big island made of the greatest space weakness has no business ever associated with other Superman-related projects. The concept is as ridiculous as making a Dracula movie where the title character has a stake through his heart and still manages to fly a space garlic in the sun. Why not just survivors eat kryptonite? He can eat it and then wash his teeth and then lie in the pantry of kryptonite. It's not absurd at all when he's lifting a continent of kryptonite into space and then falling powerless through the atmosphere without burning in reentry or splattering all over the central park when he touches the earth. <br /> <br /> My third major complaint has to do with the fact that Singer weakens the film's face with religious symbolism throughout the movie. I have to disappoint myself with Superman's characterization as Jor-el's only son as God sent to Earth to be a savior. Jor-he was not entirely wise, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to earth to be a savior, throw him into a rocket, and throw him into space, because his planet would explode. I will buy the allegory of Christ if Brian Singer can show me the part of the Bible in which God sends Christ to Earth because Heaven was about to explode, and then the radioactive pieces of Heaven became the primary weakness of Christ. Moreover, the "crucifixion" scene where Luthor destroys Superman on the side with a "spearhead" of kryptonite just makes me want to paint my face in a brick until I'm too brain dead to notice the obvious symbolism inadequate to be painted steel man in the near future. It might renaming this movie "Superman Returns: The Passion of Christ". And speaking of Luthor, my last major complaint is about Singer's image of Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is a wealthy businessman, who is more apt to run for the President (he does in the comic book) than to try to destroy the world. Man wants money and power; he wants to be responsible, he does not destroy everything. However, the Luthor that we see on Superman Returns, as well as all previous films by Superman, is a theater madness that comes with world destruction schemes. If Singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of Superman's (rather terrible) films, this film might not be such an unbearable transference. Perhaps Singer's next project may be a Batman movie focusing on Batman's 1960s TV show. ZAM! Whap! POW! In conclusion, I do not know what I hate more, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to give it good reviews. Everyone has the right to their opinion, but if you do not hate this movie then your opinion is wrong. I encourage all those who read this to not see this movie if you have not already. You do not see it, do not buy it when it comes out on DVD, do not rent it ... practically does not contribute any money to it in any way. This movie does not deserve to make any money. Actually, I think for every person who sees this movie, Bryan Singer should be fined $ 45 billion. If you are a fan of Superman and you really want to see this movie, just bend and give someone in the balls and you'll get the same experience without having to miss 2 hours of your time.
