With his company MASTERS OF HORROR, NIGHTMARES and DREAMSCAPES, they can be seen as the absolute absolute of the genre that has started so well with the SUSPENSION AND EXTERNAL LIMIT. Of course, part of the problem is that it does nothing to interest a relatively adult audience, instead of targeting TEN-YEAR-OLDS, who are only able to count body bags, and hardly. And so cruel is the king, and the king is rude. <br /> <br /> Stephen King is simply illiterate? in general, Bart Simpson's storytelling ability. Because she can not read her own inspiration, it's the movies. True, cinema is not such a bad place to start because it's generally escaped the "Realism" attack. But these films are just the rumor, not the stuff, and if you want to write, I have to dig you deeper. Of course, only PICKMAN had monsters as close acquaintances. But even so, it should be clear to any student that the vampires are not Dracula and Lugosi. At least AUTOPSY FOUR CAMERA is a clear indication of what is wrong. Someone can imagine that this pathetic is in his office, trying to come up with something SCARY. No, he does, he tries to accurately describe the horror of the system he makes an integral part, making the stupid stupid one, but trying to come up with a terrifying story for his little nephew. Suppose you were paralyzed, and people thought you were dead, and you began to abolish yourself as they did to those autopsy things! Would not it be hard? And that, boys and girls, is the story. But the characterization? Yeah, she's one of those costumes, who never appreciated life, you know, and now it's too late, right? And he shouts? well, I can not listen to him, you know? he says he will sue the hospital, but there is no such big blow, you see, stretching there (or seeing it, I never remember) and everything. And he thinks, Oh, do not you please, please do not cut me and that's terrible, lie (or eggs) like that? Now, would not it be a wonderful story? You know I read somewhere that a snake bite can do that, I think it was a great medical authority, Agatha Christie. What was the name of the serpent again, oh yes, a BOOMSLANG? has a pretty big ring, is not it? Let's make him a PERUVIAN BOUMSLANG! Sure, Steve, is that great? except that BOOMSLANG is afrikaans, you terrible! But how can you really say that the target audience is children and not just mental defects? It's easy: There's no sex. Well, it is, but it is the kind that shone through a door crack in our parent's bedroom. Modern film makers are really big in terms of the erotic aspects of the genre, the monster, the female victim, the chase. But, unlike UNIVERSAL and LEWTON, they have no idea what's going on. All that remains is the giggle outside the SM club and the fascist belief that people with sexual preferences are intrinsically evil. Despite some discrepancy in size, King Kong knew exactly what to do with Fay Wray. Freddy Krueger can only kill her. And since there is no real suspicion about it, must I first torture her? not in any way to excite her, understand, because that would upset our Puritan feelings. And so horror and romance are simply unpleasant and psychopathic care. Our hero, you see, is a rubber fetishist and can only get a boner if someone touches it you know there with you know? rubber gloves (goggles). And these are the ones that I use in autopsies and so discover that it is, in fact, you know. Obviously, this is the author at the height of his inspired powers. Too bad they cut him off, because he'd be disturbed by the fifty years of watching the show!
