I just saw the third week of Stephen Kings's mini Nightmares and Dreamscapes series; which means I've seen 6 episodes so far. I have to say that the stories are very weak. I read Stephen King's Skeleton Crew, a collection of short stories that was published back. I remember most of the stories were middle to the poor, but it was one that was really great, if not remarkable. What I'm trying to say is that just because this mini-series is from a collection of Stephen King's stories does not mean there's going to be any good. In fact, if its previous collection of stories has no indication, then most of this mini series will be average to the poor. In Stephen King's defense, I have not read these new stories. Perhaps they are good as stories in a book and are not easy to adapt to television, or maybe it was the scriptwriters' blame in trying to write an interesting script. Who knows. Also, these short stories could have been made exclusively for this mini series and not for printed purposes. Maybe it was the problem. If Stephen King had sent these reports to the publisher, I'm sure the publisher would immediately tell him to make him more interesting, because it's simply boring. What is clear of all this is that the problem is with stories / scenarios and not actors and actresses, because this mini series has some excellent people acting on it. Seeing this mini series really makes me appreciate those old "Twilight Zone" series. Each series was only half an hour, but it was convincing and riveting. I do not understand why this mini series failed to achieve a similar result. I'm sure this mini series has had a lot of money to make a good mini series, but unfortunately something should not have clicked. For example, this week two episodes were displayed. The first involved a horror story writer buying a picture of an artist who committed suicide. The writer begins to see changes in the image when driving home. He feels uncomfortable, throws painting, but continues to appear next to him. Also, the portrait of an individual in that image kills people and is outside to kill him. (I will not even mention the second episode of this week, which involved criminals and their prey, because it was even more boring than this episode!) This premise is interesting and the story must be good, but after I saw I was frustrated because there were too many loopholes in the story, as well as foreign materials that were shown to have done nothing to help the story. After the last scene, I was left with more questions than answers. I tried for three weeks to enter this mini series, but it was too aggravated because of bad stories / scenarios. If it were a movie, I would have recommended that people wait for the movie to come out on cable or something. I would not even recommend renting it in your video store. However, since it is TNT, a cable channel, I would say if you have not already seen it, try it for a week. If you do not like this week, then you will not like either the last or the next, because they have the same dull feature.
