Most of Stephen King's short stories are precious stones, with original ideas that do not last too long to develop; basically links and means - quickly puts them into a limited number of pages, you read them and you're done before you know you started. I'm like the equivalent of a McDonald Silk Potato Box - they have a very good taste and you know there's not too much nutritional value in them (literally, they do not say much about the universal human condition), but you'll just run away, just not be a pig and go to an extra-super-large portion and fill too much fat ("too much fat" is a metaphor of prose in King's novels when you find yourself reading one of them and say - you get enough with pop-culture observations or Yankee's intelligent assistants - continue with the story already!) He compiled four books with short story collections. I've read them all - from NightShift to the latest, Everything's eventually, and all show a point-making efficiency that sometimes lacks the sounds of its size-oriented novels. But its short stories do not survive anymore ... which brings us to TV adaptation of nightmares and dreams ... How do hell (series producers) light to turn stories that usually had an average of 15 pages in episodes of 50 minutes? I tell you how - two words - "Stephen King". The stories with their names on them probably did not come cheap, and one-hour shows allow more advertising than half an hour, so ... what should have been an anthology of the episodes of 23 or 24 minutes is converted to twice that length; doubles trade time ... Ka-Ching! I will not waste time syncing the parcels of these stories - this review assumes that you have already read the stories and / or have seen the show; what follows is just my intellectual reaction to what TNT has shown ... From the four installments up to now, here is my ten cents (from first to worst): Battleground-- It's not a classic by no one middle, but how could anyone argue to keep William Hurt opening his trap by filming this episode without a single dialogue line? And the reference and the destruction of the killer puppet from Trilogia Terror proved to me that the producers (and the writer of teleplay, Richard Matheson's son - the TOT writer) knew their mission with this was to do the death action, but at the same time, fun. It took longer to get to Hurt's apartment than he should, but I think he has achieved his goal. Umney's last case - He liked this primarily because of William H. Macy's performance. I think the writer / Umney should have appeared in the story earlier in the private eye / Umney beginning because he was the real reality of the story, and anyone who knows the story of the king (perhaps half, if not more of the audience) had the Chandleresque device interrupted the reality of the writer, so let's continue with it and part of the cute and intelligent, cooked, hot items. Once the tragedy of Umney's writer's family began to reveal him, I thought the show developed an emotional bond that made the spectator (I, at least) feel sympathy for Macy's real attempt to escape his pain through the usurpation of his fictional life creation. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The End of the Disaster ... Uh, this title is how I felt about this episode when it's over. Twenty minutes later, I was ready to shout on TV - OK, I've already arrived, my younger brother is a Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know from Ron Livingston that he is talking to the room ("time is running for me" - not quite fast, I thought) that the young kid will find something very bad for mankind - we know that because he has already built a plane , but he almost died because he could not get him out of the way of a tree; and exploded his chemistry lab while chemistry himself (believing that the end of the world could have been prevented if only this child had more parental supervision). So much time has been lost in setting Henry Thomas's uber-genius genre when we finally arrive at solving his discovery - the end of the world through an unintentional idiot - how much do we get to see the world "ending ? "- a cheap video recording of a reporter who begins to look at what reports and broadcasts of short radio shows that announce the day of the trial. Oh, the brothers' parents are bathing and singing old songs. My point is that if your story really is about "the end of all misery (the world)," I want to see "misery" as it goes up in flames and collapses and burns. Talk about ending up with a whimper indeed. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End - This episode only totally ticked me. I could have lived with the exhibition to take forever the happy couple arriving at their hotel, playing their hands and gangs, taking lunch and taking a taxi (which was half the episode there) if they finally passed in Crouch Complete the episode delivered shivering, but failed to hurt. Not only was he not scary but practically ridiculous. Ooh, look - a cat ... wait, it turns ... oh my god! Look at the scary eye! Uh-huh. It could have gone a long way to filming the Crouch End sequence at night, instead of in the daylight. Things you might find unintentionally funny can become more frightening when you see them in the night shadows. But I suspect that the budget was not big enough to pull the night on the fake sets in London that they slapped together for that. On the page, this is a very scary story about tourists wandering in places they should not do, and about terrible things that might be hidden around a corner. The only terror in this adaptation was direction and action - they were really dreadful. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Average overall series (so far): 4/10
