Nobody goes to a movie like The Hills Have Eyes 2 and awaits the second coming of Citizen Kane. The same goes for most low-priced horror films, especially for those Roger Ebert called "Dead Teenager Films." The Hills Have Eyes 2 definitely qualify as a teenager film, only here the adolescents have received the superficial appearance of military trainees. Some will support the line "It's Just A Movie" are resumed in a review of the film, but I have always been a firm believer that all good fantasy must be rooted in reality to be effective. In Hills Have Eyes 2, we have to think that the main characters are military men in a training exercise, but they showed and talked like the high school kids who were traveling in the desert. Dialogue is awful and often vulgar to excess. Though the films are not nearly comparable, I imagined that these "soldiers" were in the Platoon and were trembling with fear. Very little about the characters evokes a different soldier of rifles and fatigues: radio transmissions are carried out as teenage phone calls; a colonel addresses himself as "hey, stupid" by an individual. And nobody seems to have the slightest idea what to do, or any sense of the command structure, when things start to deceive. I'm thinking of the soldiers of James Cameron's aliens, a pure fantasy movie, and how even those futuristic marines behaved like real soldiers despite their fantastic situations. Fantasy rooted in reality. I'm trying to start watching a movie like a 5 on a scale of 10 and judge the strengths and weaknesses there. You must allow concessions for the material; there are no "Star Wars" wars that are just as good for a film as the Godfather on equal terms. But both are excellent examples of their type. In this sense, while Hills Have Eyes 2 is a pretty awful exercise in amateur and immature writing, it's just worse in this respect than the typical Dead Teenager Film. On the technical side, the film seems to have decent production values ​​and is quite well done from this perspective. Scenes that are intended to shock or which are intended to evoke urgency or suspense generally work. So, while looking at The Hills Have Eyes 2 can really be a worse fate than death, there are certainly many horror movements in the circle. It's worth an hour for those who enjoy this type of stuff without the usual luggage or those who do not have the tendency to think about every movie they see is either the best ever or the worst ever. If you do not "horror", especially the "Dead Teenager", you are not likely to have a good time with it. <br /> <br /> 4/10
