Remake was the remake of the superior movie in any way. Most remakes come to be total garbage, but Alexandre Aja's highly talented direction has become one of the best ever made in remakes and also in terms of the sub-genre human horror moved. In the second stage, directed by another individual, Martin Weisz and written by Jonathan and Wes combo and father's son, "I can not make a horror movie to save my life" Craven, and if this is an indication of the abilities of Weisz and Craven's writing skills are all in the painful future because THHE 2 not only is not as good as the first, but does not manage to have fun on any level. We start with a pretty free birth of a mutant baby who, although cool enough, will not prepare you for the trash to come but just suggest what might have been in this movie. Then we come to see a team of scientists, all of them briefly presented and sent by the radiation repellents. In the footsteps of our main military back-up to save the day, this is where the major problems begin. From far below the action it works (yes, even for this type of movie) to the horrible characters to the lack of true massacre for most of its working time THHE 2 gets a job to watch as a lot of nothing it happens as idiot soldiers make a mistake after mistake just to meet there not death of mutants, Think of sailors from abroad just to the exact opposite and you have the idea how well these soldiers are trained. This is the real shame of the movie because most of the occupants of Hills do not receive the killing you would like to see, as in the first film, in fact, if this did not have ATHENA 2 attachment at first and short overview in starting law this freely at first this could have been almost an original Sci-Fi Channel. Mutant Mountainbillies are also not as funny this time around, in fact, in a lot of how they are much inferior to our previous lot, as all came as being rather designed and uninteresting . Also, the one who took the cake was the mild mutant (you know Sloth of Goonies), who helps them in the third act. I was expecting him to ask for a Baby Ruth or start to happen about Ice Cream Road Rocky. Really disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the appearances here. Gore is in the movie, but not nearly as visceral as the original, in fact, seemed tantalizing downward, for the most part besides the baby's mutant birth scene, there really is nothing that stays the same as in the first. Another major strike against this film. So what worked here, the answer is not at all. That was a sequel designed specifically to make money from the success of the first film and not to make a movie actually "good". I can go with the SGT mess. has a speech impediment (that's right, he is the kind of guy I want to give him on radio to help in a real crisis) or the pacifist fighter who resembles the same type of mold as our hero in the first film, but I think you point. This movie is not even in the same league or even on the same planet as the first. He should have been given another title and added to Saturday Night Line on Sci-Fi Channel. A real shame as a solid continuation could have been made but, unfortunately, it seems like another horror movie that throws the ball to almost every level and will receive one of my lowest scores THHE 2 give the same score with his side: 2/10 Dreadful: Words can not describe how bad this film is a total polar outline over its predecessor in any way, uninspired and down-unnecessary useless. Next time, guys, if you're going to be doing such an evil sequel ... it does not even bother you. Please do not rely on this garbage at theaters, save your money and thank me later !!!!
