I'm not a horror film, but my wife's nieces and grandchildren are. I saw the first movie. It was terrible and tense, but not my taste. Still good still. For similar reasons, at this time, I am exposed to a continuation. The premise itself is beyond the absurd. I can buy that disasters occur in the desert. I can buy those mutants. I can even buy that the events could be so strange and strange that the soldiers decide to get involved. It's unlikely, yes, but I'm willing to suspend my faith. But, by no means, I do not want to believe that the military equipment whose domain would not be able to remove the mutants. Being a member of the United States Army, I can assure you that while fresh recruits may not have the eyes and experience of combat soldiers, such recruits would be integrated into a capable team. the soldiers are not about to be removed by a few mutants with knives. That's the way it works. Motion movements, extremely high firepower and, of course, radio support, would provide nothing less than total victory. I'm not saying you will not lose, but as soon as the area has been tested as hostile, military training will have priority, no one would go alone, even use the bath. <br /> <br /> And if it were discovered that the area was so infested with hostility that the team did not manage to deal with danger, it would be radioactive in reserve. And believe me, their radios will not be blocked, if there is a chance that normal radios will not do, the team would have a satellite phone with military problems. There are chances, if it could not be checked every hour, a search will be called. To accept this movie, you must accept that our soldiers are mad, incompetent leaders, incompetent leaders, and the incompetent command chain. While it may be true that the most dangerous thing in the world is a lieutenant with a map and a compass, our military forces are filled with intelligent, well-trained, competent soldiers. Knife shakers are far below our ability to cope. With all the performance of the film that is heavily dependent on the impossibility of imagining, the movie fails to deliver. Instead, we are expected to believe that our soldiers, sailors and airmen are unable to cope with even the most mediocre threats. As a combat veteran, I find the film insulting.
