Is not there anyone else tired of that old cliché in which a near-dead person appears in a horror movie, gives us some information and then throws our heads off for no obvious reason? I know that I am. The sad thing is that use in this movie is worthless. If you saw the first movie (the first remake I should say), then the information provided is completely worthless because you already knew it. I think you can not be worthless for the main characters ... but why does the idiot shoot his head? Would not he want to live? Sure, he would have died anyway. This is the second film to be titled "Hills Have Eyes II." The first is the continuation of the original 70's film. This becomes a little complicated for someone like me. See, I'm probably part of a minority of my age people who even knew there was a HHE2 for the start, much less an original HHE1. And now that we have a sequel to the remake and the fact that this sequel is called exactly as a continuation of the original HHE1 ... just makes it worse! But anyway .. ..the original Wes Craven Hills eyes were decent. Ultimately, however, the idea was better than the presentation, but most likely it had a low budget. To be honest, Wes Craven is not such a good director of horror. He made only a few horror films (Nightmare on Elm Street, New Nightmare, Scream) and a bunch of blinds (Cursed, Shocker, Vampire in Brooklyn). Oh, yes, and he did the Swamp Work ... but the original HHE2 is in this category. I only saw a few minutes, but it was terrible. Now he co-wrote the new HHE2 ... and it's such a disappointment! Last year's HHE remake was even better than the original movie. He was tense. I think it had to do with the fact that the main characters were a family, not a bunch of teenage beer and pot and madmen. It made us feel dirty. For the first time I was in hell and finally, in the last few moments, the good boys avenged the bad guys and felt good. This new film has no tension. No suspense. Only violent things that happen to the most stupid people. There is almost no menacing presence here. Just the nasty hobos hidden under the rocks. I'm sick of horror movies where people die because of the stupid mistakes they make. It was precisely the day I looked at Deep Blue Sea, where Samuel L. Jackson continued to walk in the water while he gave the speech and then ate a shark only because the idiot stopped at the water. something that no one would do in the given situation! That's exactly the same thing. People are leaving alone to make a leak even if they know people die. Seriously, could not wait for a pot break? And when you think people would have learned, someone else will be alone! Seriously, is not it scarier when the characters get their game A and lose yet? I would think so ... <br /> <br /> Even under deliveries. It should have made the first remake look like the remake "The Fog" (which was less threatening than a "Becker" episode). More bad guys. More time in the caves. More tension. More than anything else. But in fact, it's downgrading. Less bad guys. No tension. Of course we have more time in the caves, but there is not much going on there. Finally, there seem to be only two or three bad guys. The last movie made it look like a whole tribe of people. Where is this tribe? Who keeps tracking through their binoculars? Seriously, these are the things this movie should have brought, but it ends with the same promise our last film gave us with that exact scene of "being watched." Come on! I'll give the devil my duty. The look of the movie is good ... but that's it. I do not even think fans of the gorons will like that .. although I probably meet! There are gore (although most of it is sped-up while in the dark) but without tension, and the characters you care about even .. gore does nothing in my book! Finally, you're not scared. You are not shocked (unless you are an 8-year-old girl). You do not even feel that you've seen anything new.
