Okay, let's not get confused here. If this is a sequel to a remake of a classic classic horror, does it mean that it is also automatically a remake of the original classic horror sequel? Here's what we hope is not a general rule, like Wes Craven's sequel to the original "The Hills Have Eyes"? launched sometime during the 80's? is easily one of the most serious and absolutely the least horror films ever made. The second part did not have a real scenario and a reused piece of the original just to further exploit the success of a truly cobblestone and stonemasonic premise. Craven also wanted to believe that dogs also suffer from flashbacks and painful memories, while Carter's German Shepard fidelity resumed bloody battle with one of the mountain hills. There were quite a few alarming signs that indicated that this sequel would be a terrible failure. The remake only a year ago, and is it the sequel? The incredible release speed makes you question the quality of the script. Do they need a while longer if they want to come up with a movie that should be scary, threatening and disturbing? With his excellent film, Alexandra Aja has almost completely altered the general remark about horror remakes because he had the courage and the intellect to change essential elements in the plot and add a heavier gore than any he ever hoped for. Also, Aja is a talented young director and has become remarkable with his classic French High Tension, but who is the new director? Aja's "The Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected blow, appreciated by both experienced generations and older generations of horror fans, as well as by younger and more enthusiastic target groups. It is a very good movie, and even if an avalanche of new sequels and clones is inevitable, it is very unlikely that one of them is equal to the surprising level of Aja's crushing quality. Considering all of this, plus a rather large dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this continued continuation is not as awful as expected. The scenario is a routine and a cluster of horror feeds, introducing a fairly large number of characters, with some or even no backbone, illustrating inexplicably how they are sacrificed by traditional repulsive oddities. Following the events of the first film, the US Army set up a camp in the middle of the new Mexican desert to investigate the effects of the nuclear tests that took place in the 1950s and 1960s. For survivors with horrible mutation in the miners community who stayed there during radioactive tests, scientists and researchers form a tasty starter until the main arrival of incompetent soldiers arrives with the truck. They only have to give up food and supplies, but face their last military training exercise when faced with tireless humanoids who live in the rest of the mines. This is basically just another by-the-slasher with mute characters that are, even after they have lost several of their friends, still stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and act as easy targets killed. It is also very easy to indicate who will make this adventure alive, especially when one of the soldiers is against all kinds of violence and another is constantly looking at the pictures of his son, who has been loving for 3 years. "Hills have eyes II" completely missing? to be expected? originality, logic and plausible situations. Mutant miners are not as threatening as their colleagues in the first part, mainly because they are not organized this time, and act only as rescue monsters and the prototype that suffers from sex. Since you do not care about GI amateur. Joe "heroes" and certainly do not feel any sympathy for the eyes of the hills, this film is far less convincing and involves than the original of last year. Especially, this second film is not as violent and upsetting as the first! Sequels often compensates for the lack of suspense and the absence of surprise twists with additional blood shedding sequences and more graphic killing sequences, but the action of this sequel is indeed tainted compared to the sick images appearing in its predecessor. Is there a series of scenes to meet the horror fanatics of fanatics? showing mainly soldiers falling into rocks or shot by their own weapons? but unfortunately there are no scandalous battles or virulent dog attacks. What a shame! What is the purpose of a sequel if it fails to overcome the brutal and / or dirty freeware of the original? Fortunately, the movie is never boring or useless of sentiment, and you will have the most fun observing all the things that do not make the slightest sense! For example, wallets falling from the heads of bloody men, women without any muscle power thrown as hard soldiers and? my favorite personally? the assignment of a soldier with speech disability to operate radio communications.
