Last year's remake of "The Hills Have Eyes" was one of the best attempts to update horror filming exploited in the 1970s for a new audience. Alexandra Aja allowed an admirable degree of character development, and when the violence began, it was medium and wild, all made in an impeccable landscape of photography and production. I was one of the few who thought she was better than the original and looks forward to a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of wild mutants in the desert. <br /> <br /> "Hill of the Eye 2", released just over a year from the original version, seems a hurried and poorly designed attempt to make money in the franchise with little care of quality. could have been written in a weekend, and given the speed with which this movie had arrived in cinemas, it probably was. She turns back on every genius cliché embedded in the book, while offering absolutely nothing to the desert mutant mythology. I have always left a bad luck when a sequel replaces civilian characters with soldiers. Soldiers are always so lazy and written and can never bear brutal caricatures of wandering macho nonsense. "In my opinion," Aliens "was the only film who managed to make such a transition because of James Cameron's talent, not just to guide the best sequences of action around, but never forget that the audience have to take care of people who have been bitten. He was also assisted by genuinely talented actors. With "The Hills Have Eyes 2," it's clear that Martin Weisz's video director is not James Cameron, and the distribution of television bets does not have the talent or even the inclination to turn character characters into something that comes close to life, breathing human beings. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character is a broad and generic cliché. They act ruthlessly and illogically, making ruthless and illogical decisions that lead them to predictably dumb and illogical predictions. The second half of the movie becomes just another boring scenario tracked through corridors. The "Descent" (which Sam McCurdy also worked as a cinematography) has demonstrated that even this most derivative sequence can still be performed with genuine originality and suspense, but we do not see such an innovation here. /> "Hills Have Eyes 2" is just a very lazy film, free from any suspense, tension or surprise, without a single individual being remotely interested in producing something of quality. It's a tired and tired excuse for a sequel, and it's worth spending the rest of his life in a Blockbuster's shopping cart.
