"The Hills Eyes II," one of the most unnecessary and clearest successes to come around at one time, is the 90-minute incompetent film to do at its best. Or worst, yet you choose to look at it. While the "Hills" remake of 2006 was one of the best and truly scary horror films, this continuation takes every spark of what made such an accomplishment. Part II never gets to the ground and does not mind the dialogue. The worst of all is that it's not so scary. The 2006 remake followed a family that was in the desert of New Mexico desert, and one by one, taken by deserted and sadistic men. People who, as a result of military tests testing the atomic bomb on their land years ago, have become what they are. Survive the travelers who are wandering in the region. The continuation puts audiences in the same desert now occupied by soldiers while investigating hidden hills and what would have happened to that poor family. When a group of military trainees are brought to the campsite, they believe it is deserted without signs of life. A grim reality will soon be as they come to understand that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that has been taught before them will soon become their destiny. There is no need for a genius to realize that "Hills" has no legitimate reason to exist. But since last year's remake was well received at both the box office and the critics, he did not surprise that he would continue production while still earning money. There is no rhyme or reason for this this time, just an incredible and ridiculous configuration to pave the way for the characters without care, for the non-original murders, for a non-existent story and for a low interest. Originally, director Alexander Aja turned Craven's classic cult into a remake that was a unique and deeply disturbing experience. One who crossed the line roughly several times. His sincere display of violence, sadistic torture, well-rounded characterization and white-knit suspense were all effectively used to shock and repel the audience. The second time around, it was refreshed. There is no style, no gravel. Trying to strengthen his tension by breaking up the bodies, when all he really does is to be there, make a movie like this, even if the gore looks worried when compared to more recent blood baths. the state of affairs when deformed mutants capturing women for reproduction do not keep your attention. It's boring, nothing more. "Hills" has no bite. Despite a leap or two here and there, there is nothing very scary about this horror movie. It feels like something you can see on the Sci-Fi channel, just with some F bombs, with a drop of blood here and there, a rape and a birthday scene that is more serious than shocking. It's cheap. And with "Hills," you collect what you sew. Without effort, you can not expect anything in return. Replacing Aja with Martin Weisz as director was the first big mistake of the film, all he does is to drain the film of any kind of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the unusually bad script written by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. Ask, how bad could this be? This is a kind of dialogue that makes any comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven had a fair share of clunkers in the past, but I would never expect that from him. It's so unintentionally funny, you have to ask yourself, is Craven playing a joke about it? Or did he give his son after the studio paid him? The characters of the film are unidimensional speechless heads with no emotion or common sense. The actor is just as bad. The only character that can win you is Napoleon Napoli, the kid that does not match the others. Even disturbed and instinct bastards, whom we have found a favor in the deepest of our thoughts a year ago, are met with indifference. I do not hate them, they do not like it. You honestly can not care less. Just like in this movie. Even if you were afraid of fear during The Hills Have Eyes, as you were, you will have a hard time finding something to enjoy in this garbage. It is as generic as generic becomes, and there is absolutely nothing here I have not seen many times already done. I can not express this enough, avoiding "The Hills Have Eyes II," such as plague. It is boundless, non-original, frenetic and a cellar. Choose Craven's original remake or vision. Because if you do not leave after the first thirty minutes, I'm not saying I did not warn you.
