I saw this movie at its launch and watched it three or four times, including last week. I regret that I must be a voice of disagreement as to Mr Branagh's performance. It's really a glorious and sumptuous movie, not to say anything about the ambience for over 4 hours - beautifully shot and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others are doing well. Then is Kenneth Branagh. If there has ever been a project of vanity for an actor, it is also Mr Branagh keeps nothing in putting Hamlet in the hamlet. From the casting (which gives us the worst performance ever by the miserable Jack Lemmon), to the distorted business pieces thrown to infuse a sense of "naturalness" at its own performance, which drives the range of throwing itself the most famous soliloquy of all literature, to scream each line of others. His performance confirms that although he can meet better on the scene where he is greatest, he has never been a great film actor. Landscape budget could be charged at catering, Mr. Branagh eats so much. His performance is a perfect example of why people are not going to see Shakespeare - "full of sound and anger without meaning anything." And if there is a mistake in his direction, it is that he keeps the firm room attached to his exaggerated performance. Regardless of the theories that people can put on Bard, he was, after all, a playwright. The brilliance of his pieces is based on the fact that his themes are universal and lasting. Although there is no "right" way to play the pieces, there is certainly a great deal, good action and bad action. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to players in the "Hamlet" itself. It amazes me how Mr. Branagh "went" but did not hear it. It was an example of spending too much time working as he would say something and too few imagining what he says. While Mr. Branagh has certainly done a great job in setting up entertainment productions, it would be wise to stay behind the room and allow those who know the art of doing it. His direction has always been better than his action. I'm still giving him a tremendous credit for raising the interest in filming Shakespeare. He set a great model for other productions. And it would be interesting to see him on stage, about 20 rows back. But, I hope he chooses to drive more and act less. Is it worth seeing? Surely. There are many small joys that are in the movie. But it is a long and long film and, to the end, it may feel less like that it has enjoyed than survived.
