This film is a portrait of Benjamin's half spastic teenage boy who has to visit a boarding school because of his bad Math markings. He did not make the best experiences in life before and had serious self-esteem issues. After a tough start at his new school, he begins to make friends, falls in love with a girl and does some American adolescent stuff. Apart from some comedy elements, the film is said in a very serious way, focusing on Benjamin and his problems. If you already do not like this story, save time and watch something else. If you do, please be aware of the following: <br /> <br /> 1) Benjamin is a total loser. No matter what he does, he makes terribly wrong and then goes to self-control all the time. For me it was not a kind of "charming loser" to feel and laugh at. Instead, he and his behavior genuinely annoyed me with my own years of adolescence, not so far, that I could barely look. 2) The movie hardly tries to be realistic, and the story seems to be, the experience of the characters are just not (except Janosch can). And yes, I know this movie is based on a self-biography written by a 17-year-old boy - but with some experiences with German schools and German youth, I do not believe it. <br /> <br /> 3) The appearance of sexual awakening is really an important thing for a movie on this subject. But I doubt that teenage boys make a "Ejaculate on Cookie" contest, where everyone has to hit an outbreak of sperm during mass masturbation in the forest, and the one who defeats must then eat the wet cookie in the semen. Although I am a little amused in amazement, it is neither fun nor stressing the serious attempts of this film. 4) There is a sub-plot about Benjamin's family and his father betraying his wife - yet I do not know why he is there and where to put it. I'm just bored. I personally looked for this film to have the character of Benjamin, being without a message, a concept, a schema, whatever the attempt to be dramatic and serious. However, I imagine that some people may think they are sensitive and touching. If you liked "The Other Sister," you probably also like that. I hated both of them. 17-year-old boys should not write an autobiography, and if they do, it does not seem to be the best idea to make a movie out of it. <br /> <br /> 2 of 10.
