I suppose all the jokes inside are what made Munchies a classic cult. I thought it was awful, though, given the ridiculous story and nature of the characters, it might have been a much better (and more fun) movie. Perhaps all they needed was a real budget. Munchies, as many spectators have already pointed out, is something of a Gremlins parody. Therefore, all the references to the film. The film starts somewhere in Peru during an archaeological excavation. An annoying dufus called Paul, who aspires to stand up comedy who does not offer sarcasm or jokes full of spells during the film, despite his career plans, is banished with his father in the caves. His father is an unconventional archeologist, looking for caves not for artifacts or mummies or anything else, but a proof of U.F.O. And here comes the ammunition in the picture. Hidden in the crevasse of a rock is a small ugly mutant that looks like a gingering rubber doll with a Gizmo voice. I call Arnold, keep it in a bag and bring it home so that Paul's father can eventually prove the extra terrestrial life. Paul, the idiot who is, breaks his promise to his father watching Arnold (a bet he made with his father, if he loses, is at college to get a "real" career). Cecil (television veteran Harvey Korman) wonders with his close neighbor next to the evil carpet, wondering what his neighbors are doing. So he and his lazy son, an airhead hippie guy (who seems to have made his character like a biker or a heavy metal enthusiast) go and rip Arnold. Why? A schema quickly enriched, of course. And, of course, Cecil's son is too stupid to take care of Arnold. And after a few blows and dizziness at Arnold, he multiplies into several Munchies. This was not even a movie that was so bad that it was good. It was just terrible. We hoped the Muns would have moved and killed the monsters who always followed them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be a way to get rid of all the bad acting in this movie that really hams up the movie. Not to mention the weak special effects that look like hand puppets. And writing very bad around it all - it was not even funny - not even a young policeman who can really give you the omicide shock in the eye. As I said, Munchies, if they were given a real budget and better actors, they would have been able to get a good parody. Pass.
