. . . And that's a bad thing, because at least if it was a Troma movie, it would have had rude violence and a greater sense of anarchic abandon that could have brought me a little. (Roger Corman produced it with an unknown director who was later unknown) Gremlins (1984) / Critters (1986) -wannabe with almost complete humor, little of the logic that made Gremlins work so well - fantasy logic or without suspense, no sense of adventure, no violence or nudity to help him. Although I'm sure some of the movie issues are inherent in the script - let's face it, no one could deliver these jokes so they would be funny - it seems that the biggest blame has to fall in the director's tour, Bettina Hirsch . In the more capable hands, Munchies could have been fun. After all, it starts like many big adventure movies. Simon Waterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are in Peru on an archaeological dig. Simon is a bit of a hard-hitting archeologist who constantly surveys theories about the links between the old and the foreign civilizations. For example, he thinks he sees evidence of laser cutting on ancient stone. So they are at Machu Picchu looking for more evidence of Simon's theories when it happens in a secret room. Inside her quickly find the soon-to-be-beaten Arnold, one of the mountaineers. I'm taking Arnold home to their little desert town in California. Simon, who thinks that Arnold is probably an alien creature, has to go to a colleague's lecture, and intends to tell his colleague that he eventually has a foreign specimen. Paul and his extremely cute boyfriend, Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde), are left in Arnold's care, but since they have not been seen for a long time, they leave Arnold unattended as they feed on the bag. > <br /> Meanwhile, Simon's brother Cecil (also played by Korman in a double role), owner of a successful snack company, wants to buy Simon's home and land - they are adjacent to his own. Simon does not want to sell, so Cecil hits a scheme to steal Arnold. Things have gradually fallen out of control, and the Munks, who have an average chance of going along with their cravings for unhealthy food, start to overtake the city. This reads better in a summary than the Monitor plays. The best photos in the film are those with natural landscapes in the background, such as when the characters lead to the edge of the desert city. The interior, with the exception of Cecil's house, tends to look like cheaply decorated, cheap sets and, more importantly, tends to show that Hirsch is not very capable of blocking and taking pictures. Oddly enough, given the low number of general production design, Cecil's house is quite a precious gemstone, because it is in the exaggerated style of the '80s to the smallest details, and Cecil's stepfather, Dude (Jon Stafford) was a funny counterpoint. Too bad it's so fast outside the movie. In any case, Korman is a funny actor, but he meets much better here than Simon than Cecil. Unfortunately, Simon reaches the absence for most of the movie. Cecil, who is physically differentiated by a ridiculous wig and facial hair, is not just the "evil capitalist" of the film, but one of Korman's erroneous characters, one of his specialties, often capitalized in the Carol Burnett Show 1967). Unlike "The Carol Burnett Show," which has tended to succeed because executives Clark Jones and Dave Powers have had a way to push sketches to the limit of chaos, Hirsch remakes Korman in a way too far, and the Cecil character does not work the way you should. There are a lot of other issues related to directing, of which there are fewer pacing and editing that give out any possible suspense or dramatically impressive impact in the movie. Even the scenes that should have been shoes to amplify drama - like when the mobs harass an old man on the road - are scattered too strangely to have much influence. There are also serious logical problems with the story in its state. Where did the mummy come from the Machu Picchu room? The movie trailer seems to show a response to this, but was drawn from the final cut. A more serious problem is that, unlike gremlins, there is no clear reason for the Munks to go from cute, cuddly furballs to threatening monsters. It happens. Moreover, because Munchies has been preserved by PG, and violence remains cropped, when creatures are in the monster phase, they are never very threatening. They are also slightly shipped, at least temporarily. Of course, the essence of the film is not suspense, horror, convincing drama or any other things, but humor. It is intended rather as a Gremlins doll and the countless rip-offs behind him. The only problem with this is that the movie is not funny, even though I have been chuckling a few times. A surprisingly high percentage of jokes are gentle clichés. Too much of the remaining material consists of non-sequels. Given the inappropriate moment from Hirsch, everything is collapsing. There was a potential to make a movie that, while a spoof, was fun and scary, hilarious and disturbing, cheesy and suspense, while Killer Klowns from Cosmic Space (1988). Too bad that Munchies is not coming close to it.
