The munitions begin in the darkest Peru (the darkest Peru) (where archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on an expedition. Simon believes that the ancient Aztec buildings were, in fact, control of spacecraft and is on a mission to obtain evidence that foreign life has been visited by the Earth, while in such a structure he discovers a strange little creature that he lacks in his backpack and returns home in the small American town of Sweetwater, California, Simon believes that the creature is the proof he is looking for, and for unexplained reasons he decides to leave home while he goes to share his discovery Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to deal with him. Meanwhile, Simon's businessman, Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman), Simon's brother steals him, so his brother does not make money but his idol son (Jon Stafford) struggles with him and does it with a knife, but the individual parts return back to separate creatures that cause much disaster among the city's inhabitants ... Directed by Bettina Hirsch this must or one of the worst horror comedies, if not the worst. Lance Smith's script is so unfortunate that it's painful. Every joke in the Munchies loses its target through proverbial miles, I doubt that the humor in this piece of nonsense would even appeal to pre-teens. There is nothing even distantly funny or even funny in Munchies as far as I am concerned. The basic story is also silly, it happens to find this creature running around without explaining what it is, why never saw it before, how to learn English so quickly and how it learns to lead etc. it's all a big Gremlins concert (1984), without any element that made this movie so good. The cartoons are moronic, the new deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil wearing an embarrassing wig and false mustache and his wife Melvi (Alix Elias) and more. They are simply embarrassed and ridiculous, I defy anyone to find any of these funny rancid garbage. Practically, Munchies fails spectacularly to be either a comedy or a horror and it gets to be, yes, you guessed it, shit. Director Hirsch obviously worked with a low budget here and shows, the whole thing takes place in two houses, a desert, some caves and a miniature golf course. The film is very cheap and incompetent. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really dreadful, their straight dolls who have no movement if someone in the room does not pull a string attached to his arm. I can not emphasize how bad the effects are, these things would not convince my 4-year-old nephew (as I demonstrated yesterday!). Total incompetence all the time, this movie sucks. From a technical point of view, the movie is terrible, bad special effects, designing blades of production, garbage kits and well, all is stupid. The actress is rotten through & through the police at Korman, who has two roles, both proving she can not act and is not funny. Munchies is a very bad movie that does not succeed in everything it tries to do, to forget that if you want, I will not stop you, but do not say you have not been warned! My advice is to watch Gremlins again, but the decision is yours!
