He was not at all remarkable to be really horrible, he was incredibly blade. The story was not half bad, but the execution was terrible. To begin with, it moved too fast to get emotionally involved with what was happening. It was just a bad break. The dialogue was so splendid, it was flat and boring. And the characters, the crypts, made boring from Deadpool. How the hell did you do the boring Deadpool? It was not funny either. He was not crazy. He was an annoying type with a few swords he did not even know how to use them properly. Gambit was boring. And since it had telekenisis to make the books just float and fly around, or super power to jump in hundreds of meters into the air? And what the hell happened to all the stupid helicopter movements? We know they are mutants, but they still exist in the field of physics. A round team is not a helicopter blade, you can not fly at super fast speed. Which Gambit could not do anyway. Not even Deadpool, especially when you use it as a replacement for a real battle choreography. And this film is proof that wire work should only be used by combat coordinators who know the WTH they are doing, and I know better than to use it in everyone. single. coup. as a replacement for real battle choreography. Three of the best fighters in the Marvel comedy (Logan, Creed and Wilson) and some of the worst battle choreographies I've ever seen in the recent memory of the movie. It was as if the stunt coordinator had shrugged off and left everything at the fingertips of special effects guys. And then you broke out with all these mutants who did not do anything. Even the mutants who were shown in their cells that they had the power (nice to see a captive Quicksilver) did when they came out. Only Emma - really-blades-for-this-movie-Frost and Cyclops did something. And when was Logan so cute? And the fool, "The bullet will take its memory." Do not you think Xavier and the X-Men would have noticed the big bullet holes in the bottom of his adamantian skull when he was radiating in the X1? I'm sorry for Liev Schrieber's man, in fact, brought a good Sabbath in the scenario. He made one of Marvel's most simple villains, who feel real. But he failed to save the film from his own epic trick. Seriously, this was the level of "Daredevil" sucking. Decent story, good actors, absolutely horrible execution.
