Most would agree that Wolverine's character is one of the most exciting characters in the history of comic books. I'm not an expert in Marvel, but I grew up with X-Men's adventures and definitively endorsed by the dreadful portrait of Hugh Jackman, currently known, of Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, I found the sequel too heavy and disorderly and I liked the third one as comic book entertainment. All three movies, I probably enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. I realized that the idea of ​​making a "home" - mofie about Wolverine could well be a better movie than all three X-Men movies. If we focus on one character, I imagined that it could be a movie that would get what I found the second failed film - being a fairly complex adventure and comic character. The reason why Wolverine - the movie is not because the contest is tougher after The Dark Knight. It's not even because of the development of a plot that is more than obvious and rudimentary - though certainly not good - no, it is because the film does not even seem to try. First of all, this does not qualify as good entertainment. There is something about the action in this movie, which comes out so very, very automatically. Without bigger special effects or suspense, and when an event will make you anticipate the next five, you almost feel like a Uwe Boll movie, imitating an action / adventure film concept that you've seen by a dozen or before. Naturally, nothing in this movie is as awful as a Bolls play, but when all the clichés speak as if they are part of a chain of events that is so standard, at least you get in touch and it's certainly bad enough . <br /> <br /> But there is an even bigger problem. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and, by the way, makes you forgive a lot of plot holes and stupidity of character. I think you find the most fundamental defect in the title. I mean, "Origins". Really? What do you think about that title? What do they mean? Do you want to know the origin of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They ran away from home in dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All! Civil War, First and Second World War, and Vietnam. Why did they do that? Not yet known. Eventually, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became ill. "How?" you ask. I do not know, he was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. - Yeah, but why? still ask. I just said I do not know! The film does not explain. It's all right! "Yes, but ... you know," origins "" ... Yes, that's origin! I mean, spirit! Anyway, it finally ends up with a super secret team of elite mutant soldiers. Something about the government, ho-hum. Wolvie gets enough and leaves his brother. For six years, he is happily happy with a boyfriend, ending a little defenseless while Sabretooth suddenly appears again. "Yeaaah ... but ... why?" - Oh, shut up! - and Wolvie decides to be a guinneapig for a bunch of bad scientists who make him a metal warfare animal covered with flesh. He goes after all the bad guys and come after him and after all the fighting, he ends with his memory erased, the thought X-Men first film. This is the origin. You can also find it on the back of the DVD cover. The real movie will not tell you anything else. Without costly action, no good hero, villains or characters in general (lines from my couch audience: fat suit!) The black type Token, give you 200 in cash if that girl survives this movie .. be Gambit ...? mmhm, okay ... uh-huh, right), not a memorable dialogue line and zero lines to cover a shirt with, add to those bad common things that ruin the plausibility in general that you might forgive usually. ... it sounds pretty much like a waste of time, right? Fans will check this, or they already have. That does not stop. But if you liked X-Men movies for another reason than because they were well-made and entertaining - see them again and do not favors trying to find origins that do not exist.
