Delivering the cow franchise without cash in cash. Generic superhero. CGI Presentation. Gavin Hood "A series of unlikely events." Combinational repeat of mutational battle scenes accompanied by inappropriate exposure justifying the formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I do not expect Shakespeare here, but the one-minute cliché was out of the graphs: the primary scream as he gazed at the sky and kneel over the girlfriend killed. Retired military commander. Double predictable crosses. Revenge sought a loved one. She deleted the memories. The bad character that discovers morality at the last moment. Bad mistakes to execute nemesis after they have defeated them in battle. Love is not really dead. The lover actually acts as a spy for the hero-nemesis of the hero. The girlfriend / spy falls, in fact, for the protagonist. Good people work for antagonists to save members of the kidnapped family. The bad student fails to honor promises of reluctant employees. The good old couple takes care of the tired hero and is killed for their troubles. Some avoidable third-party deaths arrive on stage before the grace hit. The hero joins the secret government agency without hesitation. Abandoning the elite team as a protest against the slaughter of innocents. Scientists who can not control the machine of indestructible killing of their creation. The government's secret weapon, obsolete but pleasant, kills a better-designed, but heartless successor. The hero moves away from the wreckage and ordinarily illuminates a trace of gasoline behind him. After everyone has quit, the plane heart monitor has an impulse. The evil warrior explains the hero's plans that he no longer sees as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy because he is "better than that". Translucent comic relief makes unusual subconsciousness and comments. The psychopathic cheerleaders have fun in the random murderous ravages. Nearly indestructible goliats throw each other through a series of walls and other physical trauma that would kill a mere mortal. The man sends dozens of weapons with enemies who have nothing but a sword game. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned. Antagonist who used the boyfriend's assassination as a justification for the wrong crusade. We could go further, but this is only exhausting. If you are over twelve years old and do not live in the mother's basement, it's probably nothing here for you. Quite depressing, it's not too far from the hair for superhero movies so I can reduce everything I've written if you can not get enough of a gender.
