Really. Is it a week that Oprah does not remind us that she was abused as a child? It is at the center of every interview. Oprah can not resist the comment answering every question he asks. She often interrupts guests before an answer ends in order to intersect itself or from the anecdote. Directors are obviously trained to focus on their close response rather than on the guests' faces, because that matters - what Oprah feels, what Oprah says. Oprah, Oprah and Oprah. It's always about Oprah. Oprah says - I'm sorry for myself, I was so poor. You feel the pain of my battle with my weight. Feel the wounds when I get back from a fancy shop after they've already closed. Feel good to buy magazines and books. Feel good for my success. Feel good when you give my charity to make me look good. Feel good to make me rich beyond faith. My interpretation from her point of view: WANT YOU WANT ALL WINNINGS AND PLEASE TELL YOUR DAILY ADEQUATE. I have all the answers for your life, though I have nothing in common with you. I have never been married and I do not want to be. I never had to raise a family - but I know everything about it. I have little respect for men or marriage. I really prefer people like me in front of others - witness "Legends Ball 2006". Gayle is my best friend, but we are not gay. Starting on 7/31/2006, the heading on her site says: "Oprah.com is your main source of information about love, life, self, relationships, food, home, spirit, and health." How presumptive and this is unpleasant? <br /> <br /> In June 2006, she crashed two private wedding receptions in Oklahoma to gather images for the September 2006 shows. She continues to promise to give up TV, but her yapfest is shooting without any scope. Unlike what she believes, Oprah is neither a queen nor a goddess, nor a personal mission from God. She is just a very lucky and overweight woman who copied Phil Donahue's style and called her. It happened to be in the right place at the right time and knew exactly how to suck up to the right demographic. <br /> <br /> Oprah is P.T. Barnum of this age and amazes me that people can not see through her facade. So, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls and you, Oprah, if you can fit that ego swollen by the door - That way, to the great outing ...
