It's official, good people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien has no thoughts in his little head. You wonder why he chose Shu Qi as his muse? Shu (or is Qi?) Does not appear in this. Instead, we have an exciting Yo Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan - judging by her song at the end, is a pop star just like the girl who serves you at Rockin 'Curry is "an actress" - and a Tadanobu scattered Asano, usually an indicator of quality, who has nothing to do here but to stand up and look like an Asian aspid crunch and is too old to succeed even that. <br /> <br /> Phil's philosophy? Life is language, nothing big, feel it, and go on. I would love to do this, but Hou does not give us anything to feel in the Lumiere Cafe beyond a photographic essay of Tokyo's life around 2003 and the stormy observation that people are night-shifting ships, not passing the trains that pass through the day, never connection, each defeated to its own destination, usually a variant of a dark tunnel or maybe a bridge if they are lucky. Oops. The flowers in Shanghai are one of the most rare, technical and fascinating films of all time. How could the same director who created the motion picture release of that film, which contains about twelve-minute film-maker actors - an impossible director film - to be trapped, making this sub-Jarmusch laconic reality porn for two movies at a time now? Millennium Mambo can be a weight, but at least he has two big shots showing that Hou's true call is the equivalent of Odilon Redon's film: These photos are the sex scene with twinkling arrhythmic lights and Shu Qi's open fire floating on a blue corridor. M.O. making Cafe Lumiere have been to remove the two big photos from Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. You are the judge if it sounds appealing. <br /> <br /> Hou does not need to refine - you can not refine the limbo idea further than the Flowers of Shanghai. He has to expand, inflate, release the innerist expressionism and the gender revitalizer that is so scarcely scattered on the cliché minimalism. It's time for him to make a live remake of Akira or something else. This type of art film, in which the actors should be authentic because they are aimlessly targeted in time and speaks in monosyllables, is now as safe, ghettoed and stagnant as the Hollywood blockbuster. (What is the connection between "reality" and people who can not speak? It seems to me that people "in real life" never stop jabbering.) Then again, considering that only 2005 brought big budget films, various and rich ideas like Aeon Flux, Island and King Kong, it's now safe to say that Michael Bay has overtaken Hou, and that's really sad. The good news is that although Hou is 50 years old, it seems to me honestly he has not even started. There are a few moments in this movie that shows that the promise is still there, such as a joyful moment at the beginning of the bookstore when the room falls to a red sunset while Hitoto talks about babies with goblins. But no matter how fearful it will keep it back, no matter how comfortable it is to make the same film again and to be welcomed by the wizard and pretense as a cinematographer, Hou, your time as dear to Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin and every other film festivals is almost up and people are caught on the Russian double-fast. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. Now you are worried about both the boring scams that want to make their own dark tunnels. You risk your shirt on a sci-fi epic, sell, sneak - but leave the social criticism to people who have no eyes or heart. Let your pictorial talent express yourself fully. You will never get out of the limbo otherwise.
