There is a relative delay in the transcendent work of film author Yasujiro Ozu, whose subtle view of Japanese life, especially in the post-war era, illuminates the universal truths. After seeing several of his real-life films such as "Late Spring" in 1949 and "Tokyo Story" in 1953, I'm convinced that Ozu had a very idiosyncratic gift to convey the feelings generated by intergenerational conflicts through elliptical narratives and subtle images. It is the wish of Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien to pay homage to Ozu at his centenary with this film in 2003, generalized. Among co-scriptwriter T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to get visual but does not capture the necessary emotional weight that would have made tolerance to ice stimulation. The story is about Yôko, a young Japanese writer who studied the life of Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after the mid-twentieth century after his return from Taiwan where he taught Japanese. After 25 minutes of character programming, she tells her mother and mother that she is pregnant with one of her Taiwanese students. At the same time, Yuko's friend, Hajime, who runs a bookstore, has an obsession for trains and seems to be in love with it. Hsiao-hsien connects this thin line with a series of photos kept for too long, as the composition of the frames changes. There are also lengths of silence as well as an abundance of train scenes. While these techniques are consistent with Ozu's style, Hsiao-hsien does not seem to sink into the psyche of characters as Ozu did with maximum fluidity and minimal theater, especially Yôko's situation seems not to be involved in the scheme the drama presented and the reaction of his parents is too passive to hold much interest. In fact, the entire movie has an exhausting atmosphere, which makes the movie feel endless. Performances are discreet, although difficult to memorize. J-music pop music Yo Hitoto brings Yôko a natural ease, while Tadanobu Asano is a Hajime character. The rest of the characters are barely registered, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yôko's parents. Lee Ping-Bing's cinematography offers an expert work, although it violates a cardinal rule of Ozu films by not keeping the camera stable during filming. Hitoto speaks the popular song he uses to conclude credits, "Hito-Shian." The DVD includes a French documentary, "Métro Lumière," an hour, which in fact provides a certain context for Hsiao-hsien's approach to the film. It includes fragments of Ozu's films, especially "Equinox Flower", to show the parallel with this film, but surprisingly no mention of "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", the obvious basis for some scenarios and set- UPS. Interview clips from Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as movie trailers are also written.
