CREEPSHOW 2 is the incredible sequel to George Romero's original (overestimated), CREEPSHOW. Anything after a Romero film that is not directed by Romero himself has some big shoes to fill, especially because of Romero fans there who think he is God. I did not care much about the first film and it was quite funny, I did not care too much for the sequel. The film series had so much potential, but it was short-lived because both films were less stellar. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it had only three stories (excluding the story between them) and because the first story sucks beyond faith, she just left the chance for almost half of the movie to be * really * good. I saw CS 2 in the movies and the first segment was a real groaner. Everything dramatic with George "I can not act" Kennedy is automatically convicted and the Indian statue story was too hiccup and was simply not part of this sequel. So, after a rather strange and boring beginning, there are only two other stories left to reverse the fiasco of the beginning of the abort and, unfortunately, the other two stories were not big enough to forget the first story. RAFT and HITCHIKER are moderately successful, moderate, because although the other two segments have their moments, they have still parted. The two last stories are mostly stretched for too long. I did not want the stories to happen at a dizzying pace and end quickly, but both good ideas found in these stories were omitted from the fact that they were slow and lined and eventually fell when the segments had to be more energized, more irregular and punctured. Also, if the last two stories were not stretched to fill the film or if all three segments were shorter, with better editing and direction, they could have added a lot to the fourth story. Having only three lined segments made for a boring feast. The actor and writing in the RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER segments are from terrible to good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. It's probably the best time on the screen besides her role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and DEATH ON THE NILE. But even her role is hard to understand sometimes because of the work direction and the nefocused story. Should we hate her or sympathize with her? Should we sympathize with annoying hitchhiker? If the hijacker's band was found by other people on the road, what was it when he attacked Chiles? Was it a ghost or a zombie or what? How did the body eventually leave the presence of the other people who found him dead to attack Chiles? Everything is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the end is pretty boring and hassle-free. As for the infamous THE RAFT, the action is largely on the terrible side, and none of the characters are sympathetic or interesting. Characters would have been more interesting if the actors had played themselves. None of the actors is convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the stupid jock he plays, and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not as convincing as the typical whore of a whore. She seems too shy. The same could be said of the other two playing "ordinary" adolescents. The idea of ​​killer killer oil is exciting and terrifying, but not very well executed. He should have had a fifth character, maybe a homeless man or a ranger hiding around the lake and knew about the spark of oil and it could have been a kind of alter ego of a burning monster. As it is creepy as a tanker, it does not mean a convincing "character". And the way the story ends, everything seems useless. No punch. Except for a few things that seemed to make boring things worthwhile, seeing that CREEPSHOW 2 at a theater was practically a waste of money and time. CS 2 is more rental than something you pay to see on the big screen.
