I may not be a great admirer of the original "Creepshow," but his leftward continuation makes the anthology look perfect! And I think I'm gonna get into this expecting to like this. Five years after his predecessor, George Romero returns on board the EC Comic style route, and on this piece of play the scenario for Steve King's three stories. Although direction is handed to Michael Gornick. The film revolves largely in this aspect with non-uniform brushes by Gornick. But most of the blame should go to Romero's writings, horribly static and unbearable (especially in those dialogues that go through the first and last story). The moralistic messages (which often came from a bunch of characters) simply took the black humor. Oh, it was painful and the same thing can be said about the mad music score that accompanies the image. The close relationship between the three stories (The Old Wood Chief, The Raft and The Hitchhiker) is a curious and effective story that takes place in the form of nostalgic animation (the 80's). I rather liked this segment, and the Creep character, which was frightening, was a bright light. <br /> <br /> # The Old Headhead Woodenhead story sees two elderly owners (George Kennedy & Dorothy Lamour) from a general store in a deadly native community, Dead River. You are stabbed and eventually killed by some of the punks who live in Hollywood. In front of the shop is a wooden statue of an Indian boss who comes to live to avenge death. <br /> <br /> - Listen to George Kennedy's waffle .. And do the 10-minute onion about getting involved in his "awesome" community. What a nice time. Well, like Kennedy's speeches, this is a colorless and excessive monotonous element that never makes a good premise. The arrogant script is inappropriate, and performance is appropriate. These two factors really brought my headache. When the Indian comes alive and takes revenge, the nuns encounter a very rapid (though serious) death in the right way. The effects were courteous, but about the free hair flowing. How could Hollywood beat him back? Ugh! <br /> <br /> # The second story "The Raft" follows a group of teenagers with smoking and yahoo pointing toward a secluded lake. After swiming the platoon in the middle of the lake, they were caught on the platform because of a creature that looked scary in the water. <br /> <br /> -This is much better, much better. What begins from the moment you run teenagers turn into a moving movement full of tight and claustrophobic tensions. And he does not even whisper his pockets of nudity or ugly corruption. Pretty morbid is and that goes for the sense of humor. The surprisingly ironic end has a beautiful touch. Performances from nobodies are acceptable without making a huge mark. Gornick's direction sticks to the ugly and rather nasty side. While the alarming music score on this occasion pressed the appropriate strings. The creature that resembles the lake's mud (as many have mentioned) looks like a black black tarp (yes, you read well!) Floating on the water. Eventually, number three ends with "The Hitchhiker." A rich but sexless woman returns home after being with her male gigolo, but it is late. Think of some ideas to explain for its delay, if necessary, move away from the road, and by chance it is a hitchhiker. Instead of checking out or getting help, she moves away hoping to return home to her husband. Pretty soon, she is terrorized by the weird body of the dead hitch. It is not terrible, but I did not really get this ridiculously ridiculous exercise. Compared with the first two, he was so different in tone and he tried to chew instead funny bones. Lois Chiles was fine, but that constant insurance and the little conversations she had with herself became aggressive and tiring. The vivid effects of makeup are well displayed and drip with vision. When he hits the hitchhiker when he gets agitated, cheese and over in execution. From there, do we continue to bring repeated repeated repetition of repeated repetition of our hitchhiker? and repeat the line "Thank you for the lady walk!" This happens every time he decides to go over him. You have a little courtesy for the dead love. <br /> <br /> In total, the second short story "The Raft" and the unpleasant and well-rounded effects are what makes this extremely low sequel.
