We all were there, sitting with some friends watching a bad movie, laughing at how terribly it was done and how poor the acting was; Finally, the credits roll and everyone looks around and says, "How is it possible that such a movie is made? Who paid the money for this script to become a feature film?" Well, Jigsaw is not a kind of movie, instead of wondering how it was written in these garbage, you wonder why the producers were shot from a cannon in the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is probably the worst movie ever made or conceived by a guy who saw the story of Campfire and Lake Fever. The film begins in a kind of college class, what kind of class I'm not sure, but it's imagined to be a class of art. Now these dorks have received a final project by their idiot teacher, five of them receiving pieces of a mannequin and telling them to design it in any way it feels fit and because there are only five pieces that the other students in the class gets them and automatic A, strangely enough that there are only six students in the whole class, so a chic goth gets free A, good for her! One week passes and the five students plus a teacher plus a hillbilly husband meet in a bar to discuss and complete their project, put the pieces together, head, arms, legs and inform the others why they have chosen the specific drawings these creative geniuses have used for the full week to their advantage, one puts a saw blade in the left hand, the other one gets a cut rifle, the right foot receives a pile of broken ceramics stuck to it and left some cuts from magazines, the head is the worst getting a camera in the eye, Hellraiser 3, with a few glass missiles for a stylish mo-hawk. After they shed all their courage about their specific designs, the drunk teacher now says he should burn the manikin now called Jigsaw. Now until this moment it was a horrible cinematic film, bad action, dialogue and everything else, but it was still quite plausible, but after Jigsaw catches fire, things get bad for the worst ... Jigsaw comes in life. ask? I have no idea, but just because the writers could not think of a realistic plastic placement of two pounds to become alive (Come on boys, a lighting bolt, a traveler voodoo priest, whatever could have to work). So once Jigsaw comes to life, he uses his new skills to go very slowly and stuck with the help of his fingers to do harm. First he kills the cool guy with some wire, this guy who was about to receive it with a hot chick decides to drink a beer field in the distance is more important than what is in front of him. With him went Jigsaw shoot sexy girl in the face and then gives an old man a heart attack with a slight twist of his head, then he saw a woman in the south and a woman ugly and then her husband Jigsaw kills the guy fucking with a headless deception. Did I say that Jigsaw took parts of the victim's body to make a human version of himself? Not! Well, it is not important not to show its macabre creation, I do not even show it to steal a torch from the poor creators (Maybe try to create the detective from In Living Color). So after these five were killed, the teacher and the anger are all left, the professor shows that Jigsaw only needs a head to finish his masterpiece, because he is not interested in that trunk thing yet. So being cowardly, he is the teacher who binds the little girl as a sacrifice for Jigsaw, who just comes to go to the teacher with his electric saw that is not even connected. This is where the extraordinary movie ends, you do not even see the teacher being killed or what happens to the girl, not to mention an explanation why Jigsaw came to life or how it was cleaned after it was burned. This movie is so shameful that it can be seen too much, it's only 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day; For memories of a life, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank you Total Recall! The judge decided to look at the Jigsaw only if your plans to strip your genitals seem to have gone out.
