This movie really disappointed me. The act is atrocious. Unbelievable. And it's about actors. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent actors play a passion play and, in turn, begin to live the lives of the characters they play. I have recently looked at a lot of movies because of Netflix, and this is the first one I have not looked through over time. I felt I did not need to see the end; we all know the end of this story. For some, it seems that this "modernization" of the Gospels is either sacrilegious or luminous. I can not talk about it because I was not raised in the Christian church. That being said, I was raised in the US and living in an increasingly Christian culture. I am quite curious about Jesus and the modernization of religion, for good or for worse. I did not see Mel Gibson's version, but I think those who liked it will want this except the most conservative. I just want to be a better movie. Many of these reviews praise the direction of Arcand and, in particular, the cinema. I did not like anyone. The film itself is quite cautious and preaching. I did not believe the characters character and I was never involved in their life on the screen. The song is very dated and, I think, it would not have its own weight in a real-time production. But that's out of the way. What we really needed to work on that would have been the stronger character development and the plot to support the philosophical and theological questions that the movie would like to be. And the musical choices are obvious and non-original. There were two examples of this that come lightly in mind. First, there is a renewal of the parable of Jesus leading the money-makers in the temple: the actor who fell for the woman who will play Magdalena and who is also a model and dancer becomes angry that she has to strip off through auditioning for a commercial (with a bad producer and a lot of men in the audience) with her pants off. He had drawn the place and banished them all. I think this is the level the film wants to achieve. The romance between these two is entirely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized, and the scene is interpreted as a high school play of a seller's death, that is, not very well. Please, stop striking me with this "significance." The other is the relationship between the other female leader and the priest who asked him to make the play, and which eventually turns against them and betrays them in the corrupt present church. Why. Why sleep with this guy. "It brings so much pleasure and so little pain." Ah, the holy bitch and the old hat. Apparently it would be enough for the Arcand to mean, but it does not deserve the difficulty of enriching and enlivening these characters. They go through the moves and touch me with the escape button. Feel free to write me like bored, jaded or simply uninterested. Feel the freedom to watch this movie and see Passion, in all beauty, sadness and inspiration, offered as amateur and gimmical charade. Feel free to assert all your preconceived ideas and see any destruction of the abandoned artistic integrity for the monotonous movement. But I'm not saying I did not warn you.
