"Kings and Queen" is a bloody French drama that stretches for an endless time of two hours and thirty-two minutes without any point or purpose. they eventually connect with each other halfway through the movie. The first centers around Nora and her struggles with different people in her life, including an elderly father who finds she only has a few days to live. The other story involves a young man named Ismael, a violonist who is placed - incorrectly - he believes - in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown stranger. After we have traveled along separate streets for a while, these two narrative threads finally come together when we find out that Ismael is a former boyfriend of Nora and the man she chose to adopt her son from an older, tragic relationship. With a little more attention and considerable amount of rationalization, Kings and Queen could have been a powerful, exciting drama about modern relationships. It certainly has moments of extraordinary vision and emotional power, and performance is, for the most part, complex and emotional. But taken as a whole, the film moves and drifts to such an extent that it honestly begins to hurt our patience and amaze our reception from the beginning. Even more stressful is that even if we spend what seems to be a light eternity in the company of these people, we really do not know what to do to any of them when the show is finally over. For example, Nora's father, on the deathbed, writes an abhorrent plot against his daughter's character, who just does not pray with the woman we've been watching for over two hours. Nora, of course, is not Mother Teresa (then again, who is she?), But certainly not worth the invective thrown by her father. Nora could be accused of being confused, indecisive, sometimes slightly absorbed by them, but bad enough to want her father to give him cancer and make her die for him? I do not think. Perhaps this movie works simply at a depth that I could not understand. But my suspicion is that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-writer / director Arnaud Desplechin would have trouble explaining their purpose fully here. This is a well-thought-out and demanding route of a movie that takes the viewer on a long, warm journey through a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that does not leave him wiser or brighter at the end than he was at beginning.
