"Rois et Reine" is a mess of a movie that will probably irritate as many viewers as she likes. It focuses on former ex-lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric), as each faces a major crisis in their separate lives now. While Nora's story is playing straight and has a bleak tone, Ismael's is mainly played for laughs, although it's not particularly funny. Nora's crisis is triggered by the terminal illness of her father Louis (Maurice Garrel) and Ismael through his sudden imprisonment in a psychiatric hospital on the initiative of a mysterious third. Ismael and Louis are just two of the men who modeled Nora's life, and in turn were formed by her, most notably hers, Pierre's first deceased son and their young son, Elias. As past and present events unfold for the public and ex-lovers get involved in the other's life, it is gradually revealed that Nora's personal story of her life story may be less reliable than she first meets the eye. > <br /> The cult director Arnaud Desplechin has made a considerable strangeness here, one that has earned great pleasure in France. He deliberately avoids the established narrative convention and develops the film through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. If this approach were based on a coherent unifying idea or theme, it could have worked, but it is not clear exactly what Desplechin's film is. allusions to keep in Greek mythology and Freudian theory are obviously meaningful but loaded, the one for this untalented-goer film, remain less useful in enlightenment and the interpretation of characters' lives. At other moments of treatment treatment in kitsch, but the use of anode "Moon River" as a movie theme tone suggests this is probably deliberately. <br /> <br /> ** spoilers alert ** I suspect a major theme of the movie is not the very original observation that the way we see you can radically differ from how others see us or even how we think others see us. This idea is most evident in Pierre's violent death film and the revelation contained in the Louis diary, but unfortunately both events seem entirely disconnected from what has otherwise been revealed to the public Pierre and Louis' respective relationships with Nora . This seems to be inexpensive on the part of Desplechin, as though he were putting the idea over us in direct form rather than illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the narrative. One or two darkly unrealistic touches involve the presence of an alternative world, but largely unconscious of frighteningly bare naked people, but again they are more perceived as pretentious intrusions of film-making technique, a deeper tank of truth inherent in the story. In fact, for all his in-depth suggestions, the characters are curiously undeveloped and unannounced, as though they would function more like wreaths for many of their creator's ideas about people, rather than as real self-standing people. Much of the details of their lives are applied arbitrarily and not organic. For example, Ismael, as we are constantly reminded of, is a violent player, but more than two hours pass before we see or hear him, and the effect of the instrument or profession chosen on his personality is never elaborated. Therefore, a marine biologist or a trapeze artist could be as well. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain manic charm to Ishmael unhinged, but eventually healthy, but I found Devos Sweet and Monotone (which may be intentional, however) as the elusive Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as his psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as an injured sinologist, but psychologically defiant, makes friends in the hospital making the greatest impact among supporting actors. Catherine Deneuve is in her, though her role is little more than a self-referential camouflage. Finally, "Rois et Reine" is very much an acquired taste. If you can not push your buttons, Desplechin's undisciplined and florid approach is likely to be frustrated and exasperated, even if you're going to forget about it.
