Anita and Me seems to be a little more than an excuse for Meera Syal, the author of the novel and the script, to show her prejudices, dissatisfaction and general antipathy toward the English. The general feeling of Indian superiority to English in this film is a foul. The English people in this film are portrayed as overweight, violent, dirty, promiscuous, involved in neglecting children, foolish, unworthy, racist, ugly, eating poor and low-fat food - saying that only by moving towards Indian culture , the local priest may be "redeemed" at the end of the film. The Indian family is beautiful, intelligent, educated, can speak many languages, carers and loving parents, and grammatical feeds. The film is so insidious that I am amazed that the BBC has not funded it at all. If it were the reverse, an English family from an Indian community would have described that way, the film would have been seen as a racist. There were a few moments when my eyebrows shot so much in my forehead, I thought it would be deposited in my hair line. First, the scene of the gossip of women from the Divali celebration - subtext: the English are dirty and promiscuous - and the men - subtext: English women are prostitutes. Secondly, the meal with Anita, if Neema's family remembers cutlery - subtle: the English are so stupid, you can do them anything. But the contempt of any English language - even English weddings is an object of contempt - is obvious throughout the film. Anita's character was attracted to such dread - almost a tropical woman - that I had finished the movie with anger. This is not a "Bend it like Beckham," where humor is focused on love exaggerating the behavior and habits of a community from someone in that community, and it is a film about two girls from different backgrounds that come together. Instead, Anita and Me seem to say that a form of cultural apartheid is inevitable, while the English are almost a version of indiscriminate Indian caste, and this is underlined by a series of attacks that "in English. Anita and Me is a hateful, complaining work. On this basis, the BBC should not have funded its production.
