This is another feature of "man vs insects / eco-horror"; a popular theme in the late 1970s. Only you can not even tell her horror. There is zero suspense and no horrible event. In other words: this film is pretty bold. It's not that bad or something; it's very boring. A construction site near a hotel uncovers a large nest of ants. Later, we find that, probably because of the different types of pesticides used in the past, their bite has become poisonous. Some people have bitten and rushed to the hospital and it takes ages for hospital residents to figure out what's going on. Robert Foxworth describes it first, and then you can see how he goes with the bitch with a digging machine for what seems like a few hours. Then they run into the house, waiting to be saved. And, man, you should see all the efforts they make to save them. I will not hurt too much, but at some point they even use a big helicopter. Every time I looked at that, I sat there thinking, "Come on, people, you all have shoes. Just get out of the building, I'm sure a bunch of ants will not catch you." Everything is ridiculous. Of course, a lot of photos near the ants are displayed across the film. Ants in the garden. Ants in garbage. Kitchen ants. Ants on the roof. The trains in the bedroom. Ants in the sink. And the best part: Ants crawl on people's face while the actors breathe through the straw. But when you see groups of ants in wider images, they really look like a black mirror, the designers who were glued to the wall. A small surprise came to an end. No, it has nothing to do with a turn in the plot. Only Brian Dennehy appeared as a fire brigade officer. Ehrr ... What else can I say? This film is called IT HAPPENED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR, but the box-art of my copy read ANTS, and the title during the opening credits was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. There you have it. Now, because this is a movie made for television in the 1970s, I will be extremely gentle again in my final standings. Now, SAVAGE BEES, another 1976 "People vs. Insect" television, was much better than that. I really feel like I have to go back and add some points to the rating after seeing ANTS. Lacking suspense, action, emotions, shocks and anger, the only thing you'll leave after seeing ANTS is an annoying mania.
