MONSTER - It was great; I liked the special effects that created this monster, which seemed an updated version of "Creature From The Black Lagoon". The scenes with this beast that laughed on the ground and the capture of people varied from a good to a fallacy. SOCIAL COMMENT: Much of the story takes place in the quarantine area as doctors (under government command) say that SARS-like illness is there. In a word, we will get the familiar story of the government. You know, I expect the paranoid liberal mentality with Hollywood movies to always paint our government as corrupt, but it seems the Koreans are copying the format and it's very tiring. Here, it takes away the enthusiasm and suspense of this "monster". Simply pull the film down. The main family shown in the film must look from a distance, while a young woman in their family, allegedly dead, was drawn by the creature. MORAL: A typical "does not pollute water" because it can happen - a horrible mutant monster. This was the message of the 1950 nuclear bombing, when the radiation caused ants, spiders, fish, or anything else in these sci-fi movies. Now, "environmental issues" that are the focus of attention. UMARUL This was mostly bad. Normally, I laugh at paper, but that was not funny. I do not know if the Korean sense of humor is so bad, or the movie has purposely attempted to be ultra-corny with a take on the old films "Godzilla". Let's hope this is the last one. TRANSFER - Video transfer was good. This was a sharp image and the sound was decent, with a lot of noise in the crowd of the rear speaker. I tracked this in Korean with English subtitles. That could have been a mistake as the Korean gutural voice sounded annoyingly after half an hour. GENERAL - It had a promise, but it turned out to be a great disappointment and even boring in too many places, which is inexplicable for a modern monster movie. Two hours were too long for this story. As this film has attracted recent crowds in Korea I do not know. They do not have to have too much in the way of movies to enjoy and support them.
