The only thing I liked about this movie is that there was a lot of it in me to keep me in my head all the way ... I thought maybe in the NEXT scene things would gel ... Alas ... /> <br /> Those who love Gus Van Sant's films - especially those later - will probably like this. Personally, it seems to me that Van Sant's films are boring, demanding and light. Well, he was an executive producer for this film, so it's not surprising that the movie could have been almost done by him - even though I personally liked it better than Van Sant's last efforts (for example , Elephant). /> Contrary to many here, I did not think the movie was difficult to understand or dissociate, I thought that above all it is a film that wants to show a certain mood - the mood of a teenager moving slowly into the world adults - but so slowly that changes are barely visible if they are not at all. But I feel that the problem with the movie is that "mood" is not enough ... and not only that, but that the mood painted here is, in my mind, wrongly chosen for the story that is supposed to happen. The quality of a dream, so closely related to nature, is well captured here, but it is a mood that belongs more to a much younger child, who is still caught in full sight of nature (waves on a beach, herbs and flowers, spiders, etc.). The rhythm of the movie reminds me of my cousins ​​when I was about eight or nine. There is a LANGUOR for the film that is in opposition to what should be a very tense time in a teenage life. When you are caught in someone's passion - or you are the object of aggression in school - you are something, but LIGHT! There are only two moments that really worked for me in the movie ... SPOILS HERE - first when Logan got rid of the food and his mother threw a piece. The frustration of an adult who deals with a clutzy child - especially without the father's presence - seemed real to me. The second, and only part of the film, with any tension, was the scenes where "Leah" (re-creating Logan himself) Rodeo phones and trying to seduce him in sex phones. The first reason I liked it is that the person who made the voice of "Leah" was the most convincing actor in the whole movie. (It made me think of Claire Danes of my so-called life ... the voice sounded just like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only scenes that seemed to be believable among the children. And what I really enjoyed was the fact that Rodeo just claimed to be playing along ... it was perhaps the best moment of the movie that - finally! - we have a character evolution. On the whole, a pretty wrong effort ... we'll have to see what he's doing in his next film before he can really tell a lot about the director's talents. Meanwhile, if he can get rid of van Sant's influence, he could make him a world of good. Who is the director anyway - one of van Sant's toys?
