First of all, this movie is sloping slowly and it is seen that most viewers lose all patience in the first thirty minutes. The subject of the film was one that I think would form the basis of an excellent film; what was missing most here was a plot that would advance the underlying themes. It is regrettable that, in the hands of a writer like Lanford Wilson, I think symbolism as a mountain lion invading school could have a large proportion, tragic, without being difficult to handle. I think that with a good screenplay that supports the film, the same director, with the same tastes and even the same actors who did not even have the chance to impress me), could have presented a significant and moving representation of pain and struggles on followed by a boy when he develops a powerful "crushing" on an older boy he admires. However, I am sorry to say that without this foundation, and armed with a vague, brilliant and extremely uninteresting scenario, without any visible plot and devoid of any kind (for example, I have seen, I think you will find that you can not indicate the climate scenes and instead you will find enumerating "well, maybe that scene, or that one, were the climax ...") - the result is 95 minutes of tedium . Without a good plot, we never found ourselves interested in any of the characters; Their attempts and difficulties are simply boring and boring. Without a good plot, dramatic devices and unrealistic surrealist freaks become more confusing and rather confusing than line story improvements. I could never believe, for example, the creation of "Leah," and I think most viewers would be completely embarrassed by the conventional way in which his phone calls were filmed. I'm afraid it's not a recommendation at all. What I can never understand is why a movie like this is not redefined by a business movie maker ... instead of all the mediocre remakes of movies that were superlatively good in the first version! All he needs is a good script, written by good writers, and I think this movie could easily be transformed into an unforgettable classic about an aspect of male coming in rare drama. All the elements that were so boring and seemed so recognizable in the movie (the messages written on the boy's stomach, the "Leah" scenes, the television screen fantasies) could become rich if supported by a good STORYLINE. <br /> <br /> I see in a few comments that people are talking about this movie as somehow a "homosexual" topic and I think it's wrong. Obviously, the image of "crushing" is that of a young puberty boy on an older teenage boy, but Logan's character is too young to settle on any sexual choices and indeed in the fantasies of masturbation described, we see the kind of stimuli, sexual and non-sexual, as we would expect from a very young boy like him. I think "crush", like Logan, are common among young men growing up to have a decided preference for female partners.
