Seated to watch the 14th bachelor season ("On the Wings of Love"), I knew I would be "exciting" for a moment. I watched some of the previous bachelor's seasons in the passage; watching an episode or two and missing the next three or so. I think the Bachelor is often attractive and interesting, although his quality and morality are often lacking. "About the Wings of Love" details the journey made by Jake, a 31-year-old commercial pilot in Dallas, Texas, to find true love as the true love you can find in a long-time dating reality-drama . Jake meets 25 beautiful girls across the country. He begins to know them a little, but is mostly superficial; How well can you know someone in a few 5 minutes conversation? Jake tries to make known his true intentions at first, at least for the public. He said he wants not only love or good time, but he wants a fiancé or a wife. We can only assume that she has made it clear to the women in the competition. In this case, it could explain, to a certain extent, some actions of women. Women are very competitive. While they do not even know Jake yet, they are still in it to win, no matter what their cost. Not only were women competitive, they were also confident and courageous. Threats, returns and warnings of "Beware!" all show that these women were not there for a good period either. Jake noticed that he was not only seeking sexual intercourse but was looking for a "connection." However, the girls have taken all the stops to try to impress Jake with sexual intercourse. Have they reached the mansion in expensive dresses? either reduced or short. While some girls seemed to retain the sense of decorum, others completely missed that memo. A girl, Channy, noticed that Jake was a "good guy" for whom she might be a "girlfriend". She continued to say that Jake could land on her "track at any time". She had flack from other girls for the provocative claim that she showed in these situations. So, a dating reality show could not be that bad, is it? Apart from the obvious problem of sex-based attraction, there are other issues that mark this seemingly harmless show. This is the right way to find a future partner; fighting for someone's attention, bending over in extreme proportions? Unfortunately, however, this is what America has reduced in these days: pleasure and sex without commitment and a little happiness on the one hand. Another problem is premature emotional attachment through which many of the girls relate themselves to Jake. Few girls, in particular, seemed too exaggerated. A girl said, "If I do not get that first impression, she will kill me!" As I mentioned before, I did not even know it and talked about a specific rose, not just one of the 15 roses that would not be removed. Michelle, in particular, seemed to have some problems with Jake. The other girls also noticed. After a special rash of Michelle, Vienna said that Michelle had a "mental breakdown and that I was only here for an hour." Did Michelle receive the last rose of the evening on the first show? missing limited disposal? and he was extremely excited about it. The other girls thought it was simply ridiculous. Another girl also complained, but because it was eliminated. Started with Survivor, and from there took off? Realitatea TV. Displays our entertainment interests as a country; if we have not watched the programs and provided good results, the networks would not continue to execute them. The only logical conclusion that can be drawn is that America is agitated enough. One thing is clear: America (in general) loves the reality of TV and its trappings. This raises the question: why is it that we really like TV reality? What does this attract us to? Is it because we see the similarities with our own lives or is it because we want to be sure that we are more stable and less pathetic than others? Regardless of what attracts our attention, we should be mindful of the media and entertainment we allow to fill our minds. I'm not saying that all reality TV shows are bad; however, I say we have to evaluate each. Episodes Used for Criticism: Season Premier and Episode 2.
