Yes, even as a fan of some shows like the survivor and the apprentice, this show is pretty bad. I did not bother with the first shows, but then I realized how pathetic it was to go to the show in the first place. Alex's and Aaron's antique gave people a bad name in the way they cheated on the first opportunity really was not a good look for the show. Ryan, you can have Trista. She had the most annoying voice I've ever heard on TV and certainly was not the smartest girl (very savory in the media, but I doubt there's a lot more there). has truly watched any of the shows since then, except occasionally re-run on TV during the day. I think the point of view of reality television is to treat it as "entertainment trash". See it as something you can laugh at and you do not have to think too much (I do not look at the CIS as a tired and cluttered TV reality, but you have to think too much anyway as you look)> <br /> Some thoughts for certain reasons to participate in the show. At the first "woman tells everyone" The woman, like Amy (who had a lot of class about her) commented that she had tried every aka bar scene and club scene to meet a guy and it did not happen for her. Hey Amy, how about joining a club, doing a hobby, doing a charity job, changing your job to one where you meet more boys, all I know is that going to the bar is not the ideal place to meet your future partner. Amy and many other girls seemed obsessed with the idea of ​​meeting the "perfect man." Clue to ladies: it does not exist. There are, however, many great guys who would make great husbands, some that would be right for you! they can not earn six figures a year or be JFK juniors alike, but they are big boys alike. The superficiality of the woman on this show is quite incredible. I'm still a young man who has led to the belief that the woman has gradually grown from their superficiality because they have become older and more realistic about their future partner. This show is different. In general, this show does much to confirm many stereotypes about how men view men as men in society. It's really a terrific show and I think all these kinds of shows should not be done anymore. The best encounters with a date with a country are Blind Date and Fifth, because they are fun. Nothing is more maintained between "couples" than a simple night. the bachelor, is, unfortunately, confronted with too much earnestness.
