** SPOILERS ** Redesigns the slasher film that makes no sense, with a killer running around dressed in a black coat and wearing what looks like a rubber mask Peter Lorre. It was said at the beginning of the movie, almost the first scene, that young Beth Morgan was in detox because of heavy drug use after her boyfriend was killed in Tennyson Collage about a year ago. that Agent FBI agent Sacker (Jeff Conaway), who is obsessed with the murderer, daughter, was also killed in Tennyson at the same time. Until the movie, "Do you want to know a secret," has never explained what these two crimes have done in Connecticut with the slaughter of some half-collage students in Florida a year later? others that the murderer, at least in the murder of Beth's lover, wore the same silly Halloween costume. <br /> <br /> At the Spring Break in Sunshine, the six students spend their holiday at a beach house and before they know they start to fight one by one. Beginning with Brad Clyton's computer, Chad Allen, the killing has just spilled into the city with a number of people who have nothing to do with the target student, including Gavin Police Chief Jack McGee, to break up. <br /> <br /> The masked murderer saves Beth for the last time in this strange ceremony at a deserted church in what the Florida Everglades show. Then he finally reveals who he is and what his intentions have, which have the same meaning as the movies, none. The attempt to frighten the audience of the whole movie is confusing and confusing with a series of not very convincing scenarios. The most effective victims of Oz Washington, Tom Jay Jones, survive at least three lifetimes and end up with Agent Sacker, the film's hero. Oz also had a vicious cut on the foot from a large glass splinter that almost cut it by half and criticized it, but later he recovered in a way miraculously after he was arrested for a crime he did not actually did he had two more time with the killer with him not as much as having a slight limp in the walk! Also, did it make no sense why Oz and Beth went alone to catch the killer instead of calling the police with a cell phone Oz had? <br /> <br /> Beth's boyfriend, who loses his head over her, in Hank Ford's film, Joseph Lawrence, is also very unconvincing as well as the two girls at the beach house. They and Beth Oz become victims of the killers and then somehow disappear from sight! for a moment, you did not know if they were killed at all or if it was a hallucination on Oz or the local police. Up to the final scene on the wall, where they appeared in the church. We also take a look at an earlier relationship between Tina and Hank with her, drunk and acting inappropriately, trying to get it with Hank when Beth enters without Hank and Tina observing it. This seemed to upset Beth even more when her boyfriend was killed at the beginning of the movie!
