Simply terrible, scattered from I know what you did the last type of summer feed, rich college students spend their spring break in a Florida apartment that was killed one by one. A fire in every imaginable category from the right suspense built to deadly executed sequences .. nothing is properly treated and the characters leave less than caricatures that roots to see decimated as quickly as possible. Del Tenney, of all people, executive product, co-written, and stars as a priest in a pivotal role, whose relationship with the killer thinks it means something why he is psychotic. The killer's discovery is manipulated in a strange and ineffective way, perhaps not surprising a soul pursuing it. There are a lot of scary attempts, with a character who went out to scare his friend, who could not even make some cheap emotions because they are so skilled in such a warm manner. Most attacks take place outside the screen, with bleeding cuts (or swimming pools) representing the only real poster of violence. The prolonged finale, in which the killer continues and continues with the actor who desperately tries to make his villain as diabolical and dementia as possible, is embarrassing and tense. There is no single positive thing that results from this cliché and bored exercise with a tough distribution that makes little effort to rise beyond their one-dimensional roles. And because of love, he could at least allow us to see Joey Lawrence beheaded or something to resist the misery of staying in this junk of dumps for 90 agonizing minutes. Dorie Barton, as the final girl hero, Beth Morgan, whom the killer seems obsessed with, could not be more vacuous and uninteresting (... she was in detox and took pills for her nightmares, an appealing exhibition). Chad Allen, thrown against the guy as a very intimidating friend of the group (... which happens to disappear from the film first, creating the idea that he is the first victim), has a difficult hill to climb with his role, so steep, he eventually turns, running uncontrollably, without any purpose. Jeff Conaway, who needs some money, thinks he's acting as an FBI agent, whose daughter killing motivates him to look for the killer by taking him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual role as Florida head of police, who is often nose-to-mouth with Agent Conaway. Oh, the answer to the question of the title is not really. Because once you get the answer, you will wonder why you have bothered this anyway.
