The film began with Wheeler who sneaked into his girlfriend's apartment. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a person too talented for this film) did not like Wheeler - a feeling I can easily relate to. Aunt decided to take this gentle lady abroad to remove her from Wheeler. They left and Wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him king. At the same time, Woolsey was in the same mythical kingdom and became king. So when Wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight, but they refused because they were already friends - which greatly disappointed the people, because killing and replacing kings is a national fun. <br /> <br /> I am a great fan of the Hollywood Golden Age comedy - it was silence in the 1940s. I have seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands of films, and yet, despite love and my appreciation for these films, I have never been able to understand Wheeler and Woolsey's appeal - the only comedy team that could be as bad as Ritz Brothers! Despite being successful in their short Hollywood careers (short of Robert Woolsey's early death), I can not help but notice that almost any other successful team did the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, there were many elements of this film that remind of Brother Marx's film, DUCK SOUP, but NUTS CRAZI never made me laugh and DUCK SOUP was a bad and very good story. Sometimes Woolsey spoke a little like Groucho, but his jokes never have fists that are even funny at a distance! In fact, he seemed to be worthless. His only amusing quality was that he looked terrible - he certainly had no reason to put him on the film. In addition, Wheeler had a comic appeal of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! A missed opportunity was the old Vaudeville routine later popularized by Abbott and Costello as "who is the first" that was made in this film but had no spark of intelligence or calendar. In fact, as soon as they started their game, they just finished their routine - so premature that you were frustrated. I knew that "who was first" was around for many years and was used by several teams, but I really wanted to see Wheeler and Woolsey give him a good shot and give him a twist. again, I found another sub-par film of this duo. While I must admit that I liked some of their gentle films (such as SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I actually gave 6 on IMDb), it was a major endurance test finalize - something that happens to me too often when I see Wheeler and Woolsey. Where was all the humor?
