As a relative who gives you a bad gift, Soul Survivors has his heart in the right place, but he's moving with an inappropriate execution. Stephen Carpenter's writing / dirigible effort is freely borrowed from other better movies, such as Jacob's Ladder and Open Your Eyes. For those who have not seen any of these films, I will not give up the premise; enough to say that it is not as well treated here than in the two higher films. Melissa Sagemiller plays Cassie's role as a college student. His current boyfriend, Sean (Ben Affleck) and former boyfriend Matt (Wes Bentley), both friends, and Annabel (fierce Eliza Dushku) are in a car accident after being followed by two killers (?) In transparent masks . She survives the wreckage, but while she goes to college she has visions of trying the hospital, and the dead reappear and disappear, leaving her in a state of complete confusion: who is dead? Who is alive? What is real? Survivors of souls have the appearance of evil - there, ready-filled, full of gore, filled with blood, which shook the body in the exploitation of adolescents. True, he has a part of the victim scenes (full, repetitive and mind), but at least he tries to create suspense through ideas rather than clicks, unfortunately, rather unsuccessful. This causes confusion much more often than cohesion, because the story gets mixed, disordered and incoherent near key points of the mystery (predictable as it is.) Horror fans who take a copy will have no idea they are in a movie concerned about building a worrying face of reality rather than providing a number of bodies. The credit goes to Carpenter for trying to create something beyond a teenage horror movement; too bad has created a psychologically derived thriller. Sagemiller also deserves kudos to show strength in central performance, in fact, developing her character and evoking a sense of excitement as Cassie uprooting. It's great that movie makers try something different, but the movie ends with a mixed bag and a failed experiment. 4 out of 10
