Final Score: 1.8 (out of 10) After seeing "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back", I was probably on a big shot by Eliza Dushku when I was renting this movie. "Soul Survivors" is a junk "psychological thriller" dressed like a short blow to the teens - even until a masked murderous foot is made up of young people like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona ) and Melissa Sagemiller. Luca Wilson is also there, ridiculously mischievous as a priest. The film, the creation of writer / director Stephen Carpenter, appears to be a mutant descendant of "Open Your Eyes" or "Vanilla Sky" and films in which a character (and audience) is caught in a world of dillusion caused by an accident / death . The film continues to create embarrassing images and leaves us in a state of confusion throughout its lifetime until this alternative reality is finally resolved. I do not think these movies are so fun - by their very nature - to get started with this, but "SS" is a cinema with an inexpensive garbage bin in any way your way. Images, script, acting, and attempt to make any originality are all after thinking about movies like this one. In addition, it is PG-13, so it does not even deliver gore or T & A to support it as a guilty pleasure (even the unrated version is tame). I heard the film contained a hot shower between Dushku and Sagemiller. As the film broke in front of me and all the other fun seemed to be lost, I woke patiently to the shower scene - at least I would get out of it. Then comes: the two faces paint on their shirts, jump into the fully dressed shower and pull it out. That's it. Did people think it's hot? "Soul Survivors" is one of those boring movies that are so feeble that it's hard to have any feeling about it. It does not remove anything and does not deserve to write anything. It finally leaves us naked. Carpenter's finale is a mess of flashing light and powerful sound and probably the most lively. Undoubtedly, the rounds will be considered as a night bum on the US or the Sci-Fi Channel due to the low cost and PG-13 rating - and it's probably best for that.
