The world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the sun to prevent catastrophe by throwing a bomb into its focal heart: yes, it is the solar crisis, aka Crisis 2050, which burned a big piece of change that is never apparently on the screen in 1990, and only returned to buy a happy meal for each of those distributed in Japan before going directly to the video (remember?) in a reedited version created by Alan Smithee. The plot hook is almost the same as Sunshine - the suicide mission to the Sun, the saboteur on board, the logic on the wheel - except that this time it does not attempt to resume the sun but prematurely explode a solar flame before it reaches Earth . With a spoken bomb. Pronounced by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so the crew will take it more seriously? Since the song includes Jack Palance at the most demented OTT, Charlton Heston, at the stiffest, top-liner Tim Matheson, to the most anonymous, original Michael Berryman of Hills Have Eyes (maybe you do not remember the name, let you remember that face) and Peter Boyle as an industrialist outside to sabotage the mission because if the world succeeds, it will be saved but the price of its actions will fall, you would expect if not a laugh-one minute at least a laugh at each reel. No joy. This is the worst kind of bad movie: a boring one. The fate of the world can be hung in balance, but the entire film is shot with a total lack of urgency or impulse at the same slow pace. There's a small key and it's going to go through it, but here, the distribution does not even do that. Instead, they still remain on the screens in almost dark for most of the time. Continue to hope that Paul Williams's talking bomb will suffer an existential crisis, but the movie just ... stays there, doing almost nothing. Literally. Is this one of the most inertial movies ever made? so inert that if Clive Owen had been thrown, he would have been almost alive by comparison. Even an inadequate suicide attempt fails to raise a bread of interest, as it involves, for the most part, the distribution just standing, still staring at screens near darkness. Even when the bomb goes prematurely in the countdown before it is launched, it deals with the new crisis by ?? as she still looked at the screens in the darkness as if she were all the time in the world. "Merchant-Ivory" films have better action scenes. Things are not much livelier on Earth, where the film spends most of the time spent together with the son of Matheson / Chuck's nephew, Corin Nemec, trying to ride a space on an arid landscape with his artist Palance's dessert, "searching for that note while the chickens still dig me", while staying away from a Mad Max riuff and bad body suits that follow him, release him on a beautiful beach . Just do not expect logic if you have not guessed too much. The best time? A nude girl in a bar that portrays Jack Palance as "A white-haired old man and a face like rotten skin," though Chucky Baby pulled the bastard's plane with a hip-hop bazooka out of an office window or Beat a barbarian who likes the beret are camp pads in a movie that, for 99% of his running time, offers a lot of slides. The original quake of Richard C. Sarafian, who played in Japan, offers six more minutes, but calls for a reduction of more than 17 minutes: Vanishing Point's manager must thank lucky stars when re-editing gave him an excuse to take his name from the movie. A movie so bad that it's not good and painfully dysfunctional with it
