I chose this title from a friend who stood in her exhaustive DVD / Video / Laserdisc collection, so fortunately I did not personally pay for it. I had a guess that it would be a bad movie, but I know what really is a bad movie after you looked at mistakes, such as the children not playing with dead things and incredibly strange creatures that have ceased to live and became a mixed zombie there really is nothing to fazes me unless it's staggeringly bad. The solar crisis is bad, but it does not reach that sweet spot of absolute pain that some movies have. <br /> <br /> However, the general plot is that the sun is about to unleash a huge solar fire to the ground, which will essentially destroy it. To counter this imminent threat, mankind has gathered a spacecraft and a crew whose duty is to trigger an antimatter bomb (which the opening describes as "the greatest explosive ever") in the sun, which through some sci - The logic will cause the flare to pull out at a different angle, leaving the earth unharmed. It does not matter that what I just described sounds like a bad episode of the original Star Trek. Even with a distribution of the ensemble (Charlton Heston, Peter Boyle and Jack Palance), Solar Crisis can barely manage this level of mediocrity, thanks to a simple story but it is becoming more and more meaningless as it The time is running out. /> The crowning of this film disaster is the addition of a villainous character (interpreted by Boyle) who insists on sabotaging the mission. By means that are never explained, he sends an evil minion with a terrible evil haircut to exert some kind of vague electronic control over the mind on the scientist created by the space crew played by female Annabel Schofield. Why is the mission? Because, from his moral point of view, he thinks that failure will not happen and that when he does not, he will become fabulously rich because he dug his bad claws into the stock market. Actually, you have a negative character with the most absurd and bad imaginable motivation. The plot of the film becomes amazingly complicated and develops very slowly, tapping in time the use of characters that have only vague or unnecessary roles in the story. I could sit here and explain in detail exactly what happens to show the writer's complete inability to make a plot that actually clicks or draws your attention, but I'm sitting here writing this review on Microsoft Word and I know this that would take three pages, and I could just lose your interest. But again, you'll probably get the same effect from watching the movie. However, the film is terribly rich, with extremely poor dialogue. Imagine if anything that ever happened in Star Trek Enterprise was that the characters had risen the sci-fi jargon back and forth to each other. Yeah, I know, I'm already doing that, but imagine if it all did it and they used that jargon to create vague and almost nonsensical scenes that do not produce emotion, tension or interest to the spectator. This is best exemplified when a character from a Zero-G environment screws a bolt back onto a metal box before crying agony for a few minutes before it suddenly explodes. Scripture is alluding to the character that risks an explosion, but does not bother to give any solid answer as to why this occurs and why it can not really escape. All in all, you have a bad cross between bizarre and laughter. Then we have several scenes in which dramatic accumulation does nothing. Jack Palance's performance is scattered for a character who only serves to lead the boy's hero (not ask) around the desert before being swallowed and killed by a bunch of costumes. On his deathbed, Palance finally tells our boyfriend's hero his family name (while wearing a horrible makeup make him look like someone put a balloon under his eyes), which he kept quietly before. Colonel Travis J. Richards. The boy quietly repeats it after it expires, giving the viewers the impression that the name has a meaning later in the movie. Perhaps Charlton Heston's admiral's character knows him and the plot will advance as his name repeats itself. Something. Anything. Not. Sorry. Any hopes you have will be destroyed when this moment turns out to be just one of the many miserable and failed attempts to create theater for such a flat and tangled character that it will forever be a stain in Palance's career, distribution channels are similarly marked. Finishing the film is a painful final ending, giving Schofield the piloting of the bomb in the center of the sun in an effort to redeem his deeds during witchcraft, presenting another sequence of considerably well-designed visual effects of the film, which, even for care visibly crafted in them, they still manage to make the film look just as chintzy in reality. The saddest part of this film is the budget, obviously great, tragically lost by a script and a supporting song behind Boyle, Heston and Palance, who manage to occupy the closed coffin with a pure action. /> Grade: D-
