(This is a review of the English version of Disney, with Alison Lohman, Patrick Stewart and co.) I really wanted this movie to be good. Really indeed. I'm a big fan of Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away, and after seeing all the glittering comments about Miyazaki, I was eager to see it. But I was shocked, shocked, to the quality of this film. These films later enjoy well-crafted plots, three-dimensional characters and the best movie music ever since ... well ... ever. This movie just is not approaching. However, it could start with the positive aspects. Like all Miyazaki's films, he is still very imaginative, with a bizarre fantasy / sci-fi scene, in a post-apocalyptic world where insects are the dominant species. Nausicaa can also boast an animation far superior to other films of his time. (though not as beautiful and fluid as Miyazaki's later movies). And the English voice is quite well done. But this movie ... just ... is not ... good ... Characters are all cardboard - from sweet sugar Nausicaa to the ruthless evil Tolmecians to everybody among them. Once you've seen each of them for 30 seconds, you've seen everything that exists. And the fact that the whole plot is not helpful will no longer help. Then is the music ... Hisaichi is now in the hands of my favorite film composer, but Nausicaa is not right. Half of the music is the 80's overdrive keyboards, and it usually comes in and out so suddenly that it distracts the visual rather than help them. I think very much that Hisaichi was told to write a lot of music before seeing the picture. But wait! There is a wonderful message with this movie, right? Save all the environment! It's a shame that this movie hits you over your head like a hammer. There is a scene where Nausicaa embraces a tree. Not realy. I'm not joking. It makes me a little sad to talk about how blade this movie is. But for some reason, all the other IMDb reviews seem to adore. And when the characters have to talk long sentences to tell you what's going on, it's blades. If you are the kind of person worshiping the anime, enjoy the music of 80 and plant a tree every day by Arbor, you will probably enjoy this movie. Otherwise, save the money for his subsequent films, because they spent a lot of time.
