The point of Wolfe's original novel - indeed, the point of the whole story - is that things happen because of a sense of carefully calculated opportunity. The goal is survival in a certain type of lifestyle. The novel is full of malice. The only emotionally sound relationship is between Sherman and his daughter, Campbell, and that's just a touch. Besides, everyone is out for what they can get in the way of advertising, power, money or self-dressing. Wolfe was criticized for having hit every character and every social segment in New York City overhead. His answer was a denial. After all, he lived in New York himself and belonged to a committee to improve the neighborhood and other admirable organizations, exactly the qualifications he would have wanted in his resume to deny that he did not like it on New York. (Wolfe has a PhD in American Studies at Yale and is not a dummy.) These alleged deficiencies are what made the novel memorable. No one was good. And Sherman McCoy has gone bankrupt, a pro-social protester for social justice. The film throws it all off and imposes a moral framework on the story that just does not fit. Wolfe has done his homework. The novel was in fact rooted in reality. Every event was not only possible but also completely credible. Wolfe could have turned into a great cultural anthropologist - he knows how to enter a system and record his details. Yes, any of us could have found, like Sherman and his mistress, the South Bronx, threatened by a couple of black kids, and made an escape after entering one of them. This scene is easily transferred from printing to celluloid. <br /> <br /> But, after that scene, the movie seems to have no confidence in the audience and sometimes become frenetic in trying to express its message, however nebulous the message is. <br /> <br /> Sherman could hit a child and be arrested for him as he is in the novel, but as soon as he was released from prison, he would not return to his phenomenally expensive condo, pull a rifle and start pulling in the ceiling with him as he does. In what should have been a fun scene, the ceiling plaster falls over all party guests and sinks, shouting. It simply would not have happened. The film left the reality of blurring of the novel in the dust. Wolfe's sensitivity, the work he put into capturing the real, was lost. What we get in return is a noisy, fantastic and foolish scene, which does nothing but awaken the audience. They follow similar empty scenes, shouting for Wolfe's veracity. The film also fails because it pushes a lot of sin and redemption into a fun story of moral nihilism. Here we see "Don Juan in Hell" in the opera. We have lectures on the redemption from a poet with AIDs. We see a lot of guilt in Sherman. A black judge who preaches from the bank and gives one of these final speeches about how we need to start acting again. A reporter who is sorry for Sherman after turning him into a lamb of sacrifice. And a happy ending in which Sherman descends by violating the law with an idiot smile. The scene is set on the film as a jesper head on a circus elephant head. <br /> <br /> The film is not just points that are already trite and non-original, it overwhelms them, as if the audience is incapable of absorbing any subtleties. It is not the actor's direction that is weak. The film is not bad in this respect. And the photograph is pretty good, including two quite spectacular shots - the Chrysler Chrysler Building and the Concorde Landing. It is the scenario that is completely disordered. The first half of the movie, in general, is good in design and execution. Keep some of the little details in the novel. Sherman and Judy's dog are called Marshall. Who the fuck would call a Marshall dog? It loses its concentration almost completely in the second half and overall it's just worth watching. Wolfe can be offensive to many people, perceives out. Unfortunately, writers and producers did not have the courage to raise them, and so they blew the chance to make a fascinating New York study.
