*** It contains Spoilers *** <br /> <br /> I did not like this movie at all. It seemed amazingly boring and quite superficial, regardless of the importance and depth of the proposed themes: since we must eventually die, how should we come to life? In a "light" manner, like Tomas; in a "hard" way like Teresa; or should we find ways not to address this question, such as Sabina? How important is fidelity in a relationship? How much of your professional life can be mutilated for the sake of your loved ones? How much do we have to be involved in the political life and social issues of our country? Unfortunately, I did not read Kundera's novel, but after I was disappointed with the movie, I'm sure I want to understand if the story was destroyed by the adaptation of the movie (which is my opinion) or if it was boring from the beginning. I disagree with most positive comments that have defined the film as a masterpiece. I just do not see the reasons. What they see is a lot of defects, and a sample of them follows. <br /> <br /> 1) The three main characters are thrown at you and it is very difficult to understand what leads them when they make their choices. <br /> <br /> 2) The "secondary" characters are just to fill the gaps, but they add nothing to the story and wonder if they are really needed. 3) I did not have how Tomas was presented. Nothing is good for him. He is so self-centered and selfish. He is not human, in a certain sense. But when self-confidence fails, and he realizes that he depends on others and is emotionally bound by someone, we have not found the credible interpretation. 4) It is very unlikely that an artist like Sabina can afford her lifestyle in a communist country in 1968. Besides, the three main characters are very successful in the professions, which seems strange to me. a) How can Teresa become such a good photographer effortlessly? b) How can I do this in a country that does not have all the economic incentives that motivate people to succeed? 5) The false accents of English spoken by actors are ridiculous. And I'm not even my mother tongue. In addition, the letter that Sabina receives in the United States is written in Czech, which we found very inconsistent. 6) Many commentators praised the film saying that Prague was beautifully rendered: I think most of the movie was shot on the spot, so it is not difficult to give the film a feeling of Eastern Europe and given the intrinsic beauty of Praga it is not even difficult to make it look good. 7) I found the end sort of trivial. Tereza and Tomas, finally happy in the countryside, away from the temptations of the "metropolis", far from the social battles that their fellow citizens live, detached from their professional life, die in a car accident. But they die after they realized they were happy. So what? If he died unhappily, the movie's message would be different? I do not think. I considered a kind of cheap trick to enjoy the audience. <br /> <br /> 8) The only thing in the movie that is unbearably easy is how the director portrayed the characters. You see them for almost three hours, but in the end you have nothing. You do not feel empathetic, you do not mean them, you're in your sofa watching a series of events and scenes that have very little to say. 9) I hated the "stop music in the restaurant" scene (which some comments praised very much). Why did Sabina have such a strong reaction? Why does Franz agree with her? I really do not see the point. The only thing you know is that Sabina has a very bad temper and a strong personality. That's it. What's so special and unique about that? After all these negative comments, let me say there are two scenes that I liked very much (that's why I gave them two). <br /> <br /> "Empty photos of women," where the envy, jealousy and uncertainty of Sabina and Theresa are beautifully presented. The other scene is the investigation of the occupation of Prague by the Russians. The images of Tereza, taken to let the world know what is happening in Prague, are used to identify people who are participating in riots. I realized it was original, and the feeling of despair and guilt by Theresa is beautifully described. Finally, there is little chance that the movie will be deliberately "designed" in such a way that "Tomas types" like it and "the ones from Theresa" will hate it. If this is the case (but I doubt very much, though), then my comment should be revised drastically.
