Currently, this movie is listed on IMDb as the 42nd worst movie ever made - and that's why I rented it from NetFlix. However, I'm saddened to say that the movie, while it's bad, is not where it's bad enough to deserve to be in the 100 films that have ever been listed. I personally saw at least 100 movies worse than this one. It's hard to get a glowing approval, but it just has not reached the awaited level to include in this infamous list. The film begins with Stewart Moss and Marianne McAndrew in the late honeymoon (by the way), they are also married in real life). He is a doctor obsessed with bats and insists on going to a nearby cave. Once there, they behave very, very, very badly (the bad sign of the bad movie) and are soon bitten by a bat. According to this film, bats love to attack people and there are vampire bats in the US - both of which are not at all true. Oddly, after being bitten, the man does not even bother going to the hospital! The first thing in someone's mind (especially a doctor) is to receive immediate medical help, but not this boob. Soon, he faces convulsions - but he is still not interested in seeking help! Again and again, you still think she must be the stupidest couple in the history of the movie! <br /> <br /> After a while, he finally goes to see a doctor and is sent to the hospital. But until then, it's too late and his attacks become more violent and he starts killing people to suck his blood. When it is obvious to everyone that man is a mad killing machine, the wife (who, like her husband, has a grapefruit for a brain) refuses to believe it is dangerous - even after attacking people, steals an ambulance and car the police on the road! Now, most of the time, Moss goes through these episodes with eyes back and looks like a normal person. Strange, however, several times he develops hands like a bat, and in the end he uses some beautiful prostheses to make him look pretty similar. If it were really cheese, the movie would have deserved a 1. At the end, in a twist that almost did not make sense, the wife turned inexplicably into a mad lady and had bats of bats killing the evil sheriff. How this was arranged was a mystery like Moss and McAndrew's belief that this film would somehow help their career - though both of them had a long career on television, playing bit casting in 1974. <br / > <br />, very stupid. The plot is silly and does not make sense, and it is strongly based on the fact that people behave too badly to be real. It's not a good movie, but not one of the worst movies of all time. <br /> <br /> NOTE: For some reasons, IMDb presents the graphics for the three DVDs for "IT'S ALIVE" and they are two sequels to the BAT PEOPLE web page. While BAT PEOPLE was seen under the title "It's Alive," the two films are not related at all. It is easy to understand the mistake - especially since they both went out in 1974, but the movie we just reviewed played Stewart Moss and Marianne McAndrew and the other movie played John Ryan and Sharon Farrell.
