Indeed, the use of a documentary of the nature of red bats employed by THE BAT PEOPLE is one of the most effective ever. There are balls of swollen bats hanging from cave ceilings, red bats flying in caves or spinning near the mouths of the caves. Only that is enough to be anxious: Imagine that everyone is praying for you? And, indeed, they are talking about what should have been a turnaround sequence that happened about forty minutes, an incredibly hilarious sequence in which a swarm of bats seems to attack a police car , sprinkling the windshield like broken eggs. The problem is that this sequence happens about fifty minutes too late to save the film, most of which consists of one or more people running around them, screaming, waving their arms to jabbering about poor goofball who have succeeded to be bitten by a bat during his vacation. The fear is that he comes down with rabies, which really sucks, so their vacation is ruined, because the synopsis on the top of the BAT PEOPLE's reference page really has a point out. So here is an effective summary of the movie: A young couple goes on a romantic escape that is ruined when the guy is bitten by a bat. They courageously try to erase it, but he begins to beat him, trying to convince those around him that he is a little more involved than rabies, that he can not control himself and that all should PĂZUT. Now, when someone foams in their mouth, sweating, strange eyes like one of the cheapest Muppets, and yelling at you to leave me, you'll get rid of him. You do not try to give him drugs, you do not try to tell him that you love him, you give man his space, go home and try that scenic escape next year. But no, the people in this movie act like monsters, insist on pushing the guy to escape, and he retires, moves into a man's creature and kills a bunch of minor non-essential characters. Nothing is wrong with that, but the movie forgets it is a small creation and tries to be a kind of psychological study. Instead of a monster movie, we're making many run around trying to get this guy to take a cold pill, and eventually he's down in the hills that look much more humane than he should, people insist try to chase him and pay the expected price. The main thing wrong with the movie is that this should have happened in the first fifteen or twenty minutes, thirty peaks, and the movie should have been about the guy after he turned into a Batsman, more rather than the trip there. It takes another eighty minutes to really pick up steam on this front, with some interesting sketches along the path involving Michael Pataki, always fun, as a little policeman who has lost his moral edge, and Paul Carr, as a physician friend, is not quite receiving the message. The film is terribly boring, about fifteen minutes too much and missed the opportunity to be a wonderful, forgetful Little Creature Feature about a mutant running amok as the favorite of the Italian RATMAN horror that I looked at today and I was inspired by sir to try this after seeing it. Me and my brilliant ideas, though the police car scene was a monk: It was a shame we could not have had twenty minutes from that.
