"The Bat People" is a proud resident of IMDb Bottom 100. Once and again the film suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new films with lead Hilton Paris or documentary about American Idol stars, but he returns always reliably sooner or later. And why? Because, unlike most nonsense in this list, "The People Bat" is a legitimate movie and it deserves to be there, regardless of the media influences or the buzz of the internet! This is almost not the worst movie ever made, because the basic concept certainly has some charm and ingenuity, but it is still hard to find difficult to stay all the time. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary filming filming and gigantic galaxies in continuity, yet the main characters still remain aliens totally throughout the movie. Apart from a sensitive screenplay, does the movie also have spectacular killing sequences and makeup effects? although the courtesy of a young Stan Winston? are ridiculously ineffective and remain largely unseen until the end of the movie. The title of the film is inaccurate because "people" refer to a plural number, while the story only returns to one Person of Fight. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this movie and he also has a true Bat cave and a Bat-mobile (a stolen ambulance)! The plot introduces a young couple to their honeymoon weekend, exploring the caves. They wander from a group of guided tours and he is bitten by a bat as he tries to protect his wife from the vicious attack of the animal. Concerned about being infected with rabies, he suffers intense treatment at the local hospital, but this does not prevent him from slowly turning into a creature of bats in the blood. He kills random people at night and toys around with the suspect police sergeant, while his loving wife is still very convinced that inconvenient behavior is due solely to allergic reactions to rabies. Sure sweetheart! The script never explains why a bat attacked people and how John would always return to a normal human being at the beginning of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of bat-guano. So basically, "Batsmen" is a variation of the old waswolf theme, but obviously it's not very interesting. The concept has shown a lot of potential, but in a way, the subtraverses focus on drunks and perverted sheriffs instead of vicious monsters. Some outdoor settings and locations look impressive, the misfit song played during the credits is strangely attractive, at the peak there is a bit of gore, and the main actress Marianne McAndrew is charming to watch (though not to listen to). The current really bad and boring film of the top 100 is No. 80, and I personally hope to stick somewhere in that region. The list simply would not be felt and traditional without "The Bat People".
