Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins at Hamilton High School Ball in 1957, where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) cheats with Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill discovers and is devastated, meanwhile, Mary Lou is announced the Queen of the Ball in 1957 and goes to the stage to accept her prize. Bill, still hurting, decides to play a practical joke on Mary Lou, so he throws a scandal on the stage, but the still light flames embrace Mary Lou's dress, leaving her lit, Mary Lou's toast in a few seconds. 30 years later and Hamilton High is soon to organize an annual ballet night. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now the main one and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis) who meets with Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and they both plan to go to the ball together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, this terrible night 30 years ago haunts both Bill & Bud. One day, Vicki looks around the basement of the school when he discovers a big trunk he opens, this turns out to be a bad move because Mary Lou's avenging spirit is released and intends to claim his crown as a free queen queen decides to avenge her premature death. The first is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death is suicidal, Mary Lou begins to hold Vicki's body as the ball's night approaches. After eliminating a certain competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes), who tries to fix the ball, he wins. Mary Lou in Vicki's body is crowned Queen Hamilton High Prom that allows Mary Lou to return from the dead to make an unexpected appearance and even give life to the party ... With absolutely no connection to Original Night Prom (1980) & directed by Bruce Pittman I thought Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a great movie. Ron Oliver's scenario focuses more on supernatural elements than on cheap teen topics, be it a good or bad decision, will depend on expectations. Personally, I found that these different elements do not have gel or do not work so well together. The whole movie was much slower to be very pleasant after the opening sequence in which Mary Lou dies that no one else is killed until half an hour and then the film is given half an hour until Vicki is in the and the film holds the momentum for the culmination of an evil Mary Lou killing an entire person to the ball before he is supposed to be defeated, come to the fans of the horror movie that you would expect the killer of the cliché not to be dead and ready for a sequel to a no? Do not expect a large number of cadres, only five throughout the movie and no one particularly graphic, although I liked the way Monica (Beverly Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a cabin cabinet the shower that Mary Lou crushed and blood dripped. Hello Mary Lou's supernatural part: Prom Night II is described by Vicki having a lot of hallucinations for the first hour and Mary Lou controlling objects in the last few stages, including some grim shots of a balancing horse coming to life, the scene of the painting is pretty good as well as turns into water and zombie hands pull Vicki into it. The arrival of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not remarkable, I liked Mary Lou herself as she creates unique obligations and has done a good harm even though she has not killed enough people. Oh, and yes, I received homage from various horror film directors, with almost all the characters who share the name with one, obviously does not add anything to the movie, but it's a bit nice, I suppose. The actor is fine, but Micheal Ironside, normally trustworthy, seems to be lost and uninterested almost as though he was wondering what he was doing and whether he would work again. Forget about any gore, someone is hung up, there is a stab with a crucifix that happens on the screen, someone is fired with a neon light, a computer goes crazy and electrocute somebody's face (!?) And Mary Lou bursts out of the body Vicki's at first as a rotten zombie, which was a fairly cool scene. There are some photos of front nudity in the girls' showers, if that's your job. Give it a credit Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is OK to look, it has reasonable production values ​​in general and is generally well done. Generally, I was disappointed by Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was too slow and, ultimately, unequivocal to keep my interest for nearly 100 minutes. I'm not sure if it's worth a 3 or 4 star rating, I'll give it a 4 because there's nothing particularly wrong with that. I suppose I stayed in the movies much worse, but she did not do anything I'm afraid of.
