We just got the special edition of Superman 1 in the UK for about $ 5. Additional things include the Superman function of 1951 and the Mole-Men. So I burst into the DVD player last night, and here are my discoveries. Some initial disappointment - I had not checked, and I think I mentally touched him as one of the Kirk Alyn series. I'm not a big fan of George Reeves as Superman and I have not seen anything other than Kirk Alyn's weird clip - but he does not bother him. This black and white production runs for less than an hour. He has a sense of a few episodes from Reeves' early television series, a two-story ground floor, set together for the release of cinema, although IMDb says it was shot as a cinema before the first TV series. In any case, it is a strange choice for the reasons I will come later. I am an age when I remember television productions and films that are limited to one or two locations and sets, so there were no major surprises here. Even so, for a low-budget movie, it's really a low budget. The story is about the small town of Silsby - a population of 1,430 - which strangely hosts the deepest pond in the world (6 miles). The story opens with the man of the shaft guard taking his steps to close the well. This is in contradiction with the arrival of Metropolis, Kent and Lane reporters to report well at the request of the oil company. While Clark points out that drilling has taken place in a radio cavity 6 miles down, two pairs of boys (small in stature, big head, black overalls and eyebrows) come out of the tree drill and start turning the city with puzzled expressions on their faces. Deep breathing now, here's the rest of the picture. The little ones are scaring kids, so Jeff Corey (who plays Russian city xenophobia) incites some buddies to kill these "creatures." Superman enters into (moderately ineffective) and catches one of the little guys who was shot and takes him to the local hospital. Corey's buddies burn the corpse that the other little man has hidden and supposedly killed, but he escapes and passes on the tree. Corey incites a lot of chains (despite the sheriff's arrest) to close Mole-Man Hospital. Superman stops them from entering the hospital and takes the wounded horns on the tree to return it to his fellow men. A total of 4 Mole-Men appear with a kind of weapon they shoot at Jeff Corey (I call this Aargh pistol, because its only effect seems to be to make Corey go "Aargh!") And Superman saves it. He immediately changes his ways, because of Superman's unexpectedness that he saves him by the way he behaves, the Molestals turn down the shaft. End. Despite the fact that the movie is only a long hour, there is an excessive amount of creeping around, careful and pursuit - I left all the "Mole-Man 1 thrills from A to B, looking to me I assure no one is following him. " Mole-Men are never engaged in any way - they have no dialogue - they just come back, persecute and come back. They look a little creepy, but they are hardly the monsters with the eyes of the bugs that the city's reaction implies. Reeves is pretty good Clark Kent - very much a strong reporter, much more than Phyllis Coates, rather indifferent, Lois Lane. But he's a terrible, terrible Superman. Not only did he not show the part (at least his hair is painted black in this, which is an improvement over the fairly open hair that he defended in some of the TV episodes), the way he plays is wrong in the book my. I'm sure he was told to "hit the picture" (which Superman is doing constantly), but someone should have told him that they should be fists on his hips, not his fists on the ribs. And he interprets Superman as a rather strict and damaging teacher-in fact, he does not doubt his finger in re-casting, but maybe he would. And Superman does a great deal of walking (I say a huge amount - he's not really that much), and a little running. He takes off and lands several times but is not seen in flight at any time. A bullet bursts out, and he uses telescopic vision like Clark, but without accompanying visual effects. In fact, visual effects are obvious by their absence, and few who are present are not very good. I have tried to think about this effort in relation to weather standards: through those standards, I think it's a rather daunting effort. Fortunately, production standards on the TV series were bigger and at least they had trouble coming up with stories that have more to say. Something of disappointment - I will not look again.
