A really disturbed and cannibalist psycho, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody), who lives in a cave, crosses caravans that make mistakes to return to his wildlife. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) enter into a playful argument with their wives, Sharon (Gary Kent's late wife, Tomi Barrett), and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) themselves. To prove a point, galaşi decides to head to Los Angeles for a camping trip, disturbing their partners to the point that follows immediately. A prey to John, Teddy is soon killed as Sharon operates for her life, while men get late in the wild because of the overheating of the truck. Fear, tired and paranoid, Sharon gets a very unusual nurse. The children of John's ghost! That's right, John's children stay in the wild, ghostly apparitions that spy on those in the woods, enjoying Sharon's special pleasure, helping her guide her friends and her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find a shelter from a tournament down and the darkness of the night in the very cave where John lives. Cooking over a burned fire, the boiling meat is actually from Charlie's wife, Teddi! Indeed, Charlie eats flesh when offered by John, who finds the outsiders inside his home! Anyway, soon, worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie began to find them like morning breaks. Meanwhile, John goes hunting, with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in a fight for survival. When Steve suffers a composite fracture that hinders two massive rocks along a flowing river, he will only be disabled by raising such a nightmare scenario, and Sharon will follow his young ghost friends to potential safety. even if not everyone kills her. Charlie, unfortunately, has no such friends. Director Donald Jones (who also wrote and broke the film's funding) shot the movie smartly in such a wonderful, wonderful location in Sequoia National Park in California, where those gargantuan trees rise to high heights and I normally I look at hangers for this purpose. For a strange reason, I did not realize that Jones's direction was very atmospheric. Fear has disappeared, but there are some pretty disturbing attacks by John using his knife (... shot in a smart way, Jones' room suggests more than what actually is on the screen, though, somehow , still touches that excitement at what John does for the victims). In such a scenic landscape, to see the innocents that a maniac broke, that kind of terror increases. A popular city tries to spend a nice few days in another place, to smell fresh, fresh air, enjoys the attractions a beautiful sight, only to find themselves a predator creepyly watched with a very intimidating knife. Providing the back story of why John is the monster, Jones allows us to witness the memory of memory in discovering his wife's adultery and react accordingly (.. she is also a ghost in the desert looking for her children who want to punish them for being naughty), killing both hers and her boyfriend in bed (a repairer in the fridge). Sad and depressed children have committed suicide and now "haunt" the wild, which is still interacting with pa or anyone who chooses this. I realize that such novelty as ghost children in a forest breaker is unique and appreciated by some, but I found my idea rather hockey and too bad to take seriously. They help our heroine escape a few potentially dangerous situations, but it was hard for me not to torture me uncontrollably. The music I have found hidden for 80 years and the performances are not soul. I mean, they can react to the situation they were in, because it's really terrifying enough to find yourself in an unfamiliar and hostile territory hunted by someone who knows the area so well. I think the movie is similar in many ways to NOT go into WOODS..ALONE !, except that the forest has ghost kids above (their voices echo when talking to Sharon, their father, or each other). Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas with ragged clothes and lost humanity. As mentioned above, violence is not as dizzy with what is suggested because director Jones is capable of effectively removing the penetration of the knife, yet the way he tracks the fixed pieces leaves you rather anxious (such as the killing of Teddi , most of the violence shaping on the surface of a huge rock formation, her motives for John to stop, and once stabbed several times, she tries to crawl away from her predator just to be completed, a hanging body John is skinning). I've seen better and worse than this type of slasher movie, it's pretty mediocre, at best, with some landscapes actually shot. I do not think it's particularly memorable, except for ghost children.
