The film starts from a pair of caravans, a man and a woman probably together, walking alone at the seaside. Sure enough the man hears something and hits him so much that he's going to investigate it. Our killer encounters him with a stomach prick. Then she follows the girl and twists her neck. The camera during the opening scene is from the point of view of the killer. Then we meet the four main characters, two couples, one on the rocks. Men are joking about how a woman would never be able to do camping at a double meeting, drawing the ambition of the symbolic blonde to leave a week earlier. Unexpectedly, men leave the same day and the car breaks. They arrive in the evening. When people arrive, they are warned that people disappear into the woods by a crazy doppleganger Ralph. They ignore the warning and fall in love with the night of blackening, and a song of the eighties is playing in the background, with lyrics about being killed in the dark forest. Men are lost. In the next scene, we realize that this is not another Burning clone, but a ghost story! Women, scared and lonely, clutter together with fire. Two children appear in the shadows and decides to play Tom. Well, they are obvious ghosts of the way their voices echo! Their mother appears with the blood flowing from a hole on his forehead and asks the two ladies to see their children before they disappear. <br /> <br /> Children return home to the pope and tell them about the two beautiful ladies by the river. This causes quite a stir and rises, grasping the knife on the fireplace. "Dad goes hunting," little girl, exclaims with bad action. It is obvious here that Dad is not a ghost like his children. Freaked by something in the woods, the symbolic blonde breaks out, blindly running in the night, wearing a knife. He meets the father who explains he is hungry and will be fast. This does not make sense because of the movements of the slope I heard earlier (Maybe she's allergic, are she even honest panthers in California?) It ends with his injury just before she's stabbed in the head. A storm bursts and men look for a shelter, which proves to be the place where the pope lives. Obviously, someone lives here because there is a fire and something strange fries him. The kids appear and warn them about Dad, which shows up a few moments later. They disappear as soon as it arrives. For whatever reason, our killer goes only by the females. He invites men to have something to eat and tells us the story about his ex-wife. We gave a retrospective that his wife was misleading. The old man does not tell them, however, that he kills her and her boyfriend afterwards, but it's about dreams. We are not given the reason for the death of the children. Men go to sleep and are left unharmed. The next morning, people discover the naked camp of their wives. After a brief discussion, they broke up. One is to stay camping, while the other goes and gets help. The one who returns to his car breaks his leg. We are then reunited with the children because it explains to the surviving woman that there are ghosts who committed suicide from being sad about their mother. They agree to help the woman meet her friends The next scene defies the logic of the film when the father kills the guy waiting for the camping. She also met or married the blonde. Somehow the kids realize she's killed and tells the woman about it. She decides to see her for herself and obviously enters the murderer. Fortunately, children make him stop, threatening to leave him forever. You know where this goes. Generally, the movie deserves four stars out of ten, and that's generous. For all his anxiety, the musical score is well done. It's still to be watched. There are some camera angles that look professional, and some of the sets are doing well. The plot is incredible. There is such a thing as suspending the desire for mistrust, but with the frog, six miles away; I can not imagine the symbolic blonde had done so in the middle of the night. I mean, come on! - Alan "Get over" on Bannacheck
