I mean all the dark, overlooked, low-budget horror movies waiting to be re-discovered in a DVD version, why choose THE FOREST? I love the ultra-low budget directly to home video or other alternative horror press. I like the horror of hackers from the 1980s. I like the crazy hat that wanders in the night to be traced, killed and eaten by psychopaths. I'm all about the idea of ​​non-professionals working on a horror film as a way to penetrate into the industry or just to make a movie because they want to do one. They are all using public, non-actor, talentless places behind the room and the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most striking image of THE FOREST is the shooting of a young man walking along a forest in the forest: we see them as small and vulnerable creatures entering a bleak world where people can not be the top of the food chain or the more feared predator. Then the movie sinks and does not recover - we meet the backpack briefly, just as they realize they are being watched. They are separated, both are dying, and then we meet the protagonists of the movie while driving the car into a traffic jam. They meet with their colleagues and decide to take a camping trip. The snore sounds fill the room as people who came to watch a life movie with their phones text messaging phones of people not there tell them how much the movie sucks. This movie is too slow, this movie is too boring, and this movie is too talky. Which would not be so bad if the writers would have given people something to say except the most stupid, asinine and useless things. You know that your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is a ranger with a fleeting park that warns everyone at Cannibal Woods. And speaking of these "forests," they look so far away from civilization, as well as the vacant place beyond the football fields, only with larger rocks and a stream flowing through it. There are impressive pictures of the dangerous forest, but no real feeling of being in the middle of it. If any of the characters just sit on the route and wait a lot for someone else to stay. What's worse about the film is that it does not generate any human interest: I do not know what these couples are and do not care about what happens to them. The type of canimibal sentinel from the hermit is uninteresting even when he pretends to have seen fresh meat cooked at the foot of one of his victims to serve grisly bites at her boyfriend, just to seek shelter in the cave. His irony is the symbol of "overwhelming". Together with a deliberately bad music synthesizer, cinema that suspiciously looks like someone has tied a dog to a camera and follows people's movements, a lack of appreciative gore, nudity, thrill and unpleasant atmosphere, and what we have here is a horror movie is not as frightening as a PBS educational TV show about how magnets work. I do not want to throw it out to the people behind this film because they have obviously entered the project with almost nothing, have not been forced to be creative, and have been advised with another boring movie about some worm watching women by forest with a knife. There is nothing wrong with this concept, which is wrong is how it was not imagined and absolutely pedestrian this was executed, even to the utterly useless conclusion, when the movie simply grunts at about 80 minutes. The best thing you can say about FOREST is that it's over a relatively fast time and it's not too much to order a repeated screening - So my confusion about why someone would feel the need for DVD release. It was good that a Prism Video rental year of curiosity, as a DVD will be $ 5.99 rack fare in a month of hit shelves. There is little or no urgency to see the movie unless you think about creating your own low-budget backwoods hacker established in a public park where no one can charge you money for filming there. Here is a step-by-step guide to avoid producing. With everything he said and done, the movie had an interesting sequence, or rather a sequence that was so pathetic and inexhaustible that it became an enigma in an otherwise cut and dry film: the madman comes home to find your wife in bed with the local contractor. He dispatched his beloved arms with a kitchen knife that looks like he was made just to be used in a horror film and take off after the interloper. The guy is caroling and attacking his career, which moves away and runs, only that the psycho materializes in his footsteps with a bigger and worse weapon. The psycho-attacks again, and the guy leaves. The guy materializes again, and once again the guy gets away. Then again! Finally, in the fifth attempt, the psycho guides the guy down on a kind of machine gun. How did he continue to materialize armed with larger weapons, like that? Is there any supernatural element of this psycho? Since the movie never makes it clear that the scene is just an enigma, staged to build a tension. The goal remains unclear. The whole movie is so true, it does not have to be done and executed in such a disinterested, uninteresting manner that you can not help wondering what that means. , and ample evidence that just because you can launch a DVD movie, which does not necessarily mean it.
