The title of this obscure and almost forgotten song (80) inevitably reminds me of The Cure's song, with the same title, with the same title, from here a track of the lyrics section of the title of this user commentary. Also, I had nothing else to say that is useful anyway. But, hey, "Forest" is not absolutely hopeless and not even bad. If not, he at least obeys Slasher's first rule, usually unwritten, of killing someone in the first 10 minutes of play. Surely you've heard about the basic premise of this dozen in advance, but do not let it discourage you from watching it, because "Forest" has a lot more to offer than a sinister roof image. In fact, it's a bit of atypical slash in the 80's! The main characters are not ordinary teenagers, and the script has strong ambitions towards supernaturalism. The concept is not always successful, much less plausible, but it is more than interesting enough to attract your attention and there are even some surprisingly powerful moments of tension and plot plotting to enjoy. Two married couples decide to travel to the most isolated California forests, but because of a bad bet, wives travel separately from husbands. Established only after the night, they receive unusual visits from a mother in search of the two children, the children themselves, and finally the father who hunts the human flesh. The dementia family may be real or imagined, but women are certainly in danger and, until the arrival of their husbands, have already disappeared. Men also meet with their family and find out more about the easy dysfunction background. "Forest" is a strange and unusual movie, at least. It's not even a masterpiece of the plot, but the extraordinarily strange atmosphere will surely attract fans with horror enthusiasm. The crimes are pretty scandalous and will be filmed, including a cut throat and a painful massacre to see, and the shooting locations are amazingly beautiful. The more you think of the story and its twists, it makes less sense, so my advice would be to enjoy this strange viewing experience for as long as it takes and no more than a minute. The performances are just above average, the music is fine, and at least director Donald Jones (also responsible for exploiting the 70s - sick "Schoolgirls in Chains") tried to be a bit more creative than most of the 80 horror films . Too bad he does not succeed.
