I watched this movie last night with anticipation, but it really was not very impressed. Except for "Combo," I thought that the acting was weak and the narrative was limited. It appeared as a "made for television" drama. I felt the movie was very controversial. The whole set of clashes in the context of the beginning (yes, we see the 1980s in the UK - you can stop now) was tireless and gave a very simple picture of life in the 1980s in the UK - poverty, war with the royal, Margaret Thatcher, but nothing between them? There were actually middle classes that existed then - ordinary people working, with a decent salary and a mortgage. The Falkland videos also seemed to be randomly added to the end, for the "dramatic effect," I suppose. The sequence of events felt unchanged, while the characters moved action to the other without seeing how their way of life could have changed so quickly. The relationship between "Shaun" and "Smell" was slowed. I could not even look through the snogging scene. I find it very hard to believe that she was attracted to a boy who was not only young, but also younger. I know there were only four years between them, but four years is nothing when you reach the age of twenty, yet there is a big difference in your adolescents! From my experience, that teen age difference only occurs when the little girl is the youngest since the girls mature much faster and are more on the boys' wavelength a few years older. Sorry, but I did not buy it - a pointless plotting point created for the shock value. The end was somewhat abrupt and again contrived. If the flagship incident had to be iconic, then it fell a little in my eyes. I'm bothered by the fact that British films only deal with upper classes or poverty. Do not get me wrong, I like Trainspotting, and Four Weddings have the charm, but can not we, the British, come up with something different? Why did our movies always hang on to the classroom system? I was born in 1973, so it was not very different in age until Shaun was in 1983. I grew up in a single parent family in a rather deceived community in an English city . However, my childhood experiences were very different from those in the film - I do not even remember that racism is a problem (although I do not say it does not exist). "This is England"? Not in my experience. The bottom line is that I felt that this movie did not have the substance and that I was completely bored and unimpressed all the time.
