It's always hard to have a brother and do better in their lives than you, always struggling to get out of that shade and do not let bitterness keep you away from your family. So, imagine that your big brother is Santa and then imagine how hard it should be. This is the premise here. Vince Vaughn plays the title Fred, a defeated loser who spends a lot of energy, making sure people do not go around waiting for good things to happen to them or giving their brother Santa Claus (played by Paul Giamatti) too much praise because he was just a frightening, scary and slightly creepy guy that Fred would have wanted to present. Then you would not have known, Fred needs a financial favor, so you have to help him, helping his brother up to Christmas. And here are the lessons of animation and life. Well, that should happen. The reality is that we get a Christmas movie that shows some good moments of Vaughn's video moment, an amazing video moment, Kevin Spacey, playing an auditor to shut down Santa's operation (and one of the worst baddies I saw in a few moments, a period of time) not gorgeous enough Elizabeth Banks in a lush Christmas dress, too much of John Michael Higgins in elf costume (to be honest, he is a climax, though) and a movie that swims too bitterness to feel like a good season ticket, but too schmaltzy in the latter half to feel like a poke fun to all the bad things about the time commercialism. Rachel Weisz is along for strolling too, like Kathy Bates, but it's nothing but a Vaughn movie and if you like his style, you'll find something to enjoy here. Unfortunately, there is nothing to recommend this seasonal stinker. Besides Vaughn's reports, the script barely throws something decent, except for a particularly good scene, involving a hilarious support group dealing with a very specific issue. David Dobkin's direction is just as mediocre and stale as the 20p Christmas card you send aunts you have not seen for 10 years and he seems to think that simply putting the ingredients together without good mixing or decent care will guarantee a delicious Christmas pudding. No, we have a small, gentle piece with too much sugar on the top. Take a look and keep your hilarious elf again if you want a big and modern Christmas comedy. See this if you like: Santa Claus 2, Santa Claus, Clause Santa Claus 3: The Escape Clause.
