Take Me: A tired Christmas comedy. The ladies are tired and the talents behind her seem to be too. I like holidays as much as the next guy (even though I often have a bad blues holiday case), but it seems to be just a dumping ground for a bunch of holiday comedies that would be bad movies in any day of the year, but that does not make them less painful during the season. Like we already had enough SANTA CLAUSE movies (three and still gulp *), who wants to see a movie about his brother? In a plot that would be home with Disney's SANTA CLAUSE franchise (except occasional gross humor and Little Little Helper wearing a short skirt), FRED CLAUS is a prerequisite with a joke that goes for 116 minutes. Sure, Jolly Ol 'Saint Nick has a brother, but where does he go from there? <br /> <br /> It's really a shame. FRED CLAUS is blessed by a cast that would have made her a nice comedy for Christmas that will probably melt with the snow, but it would have been a lot better than that. Vince Vaughn is your typical snob, but we are led to believe he is really a brother lost to Santa Claus (Paul Giamatti) who invites his good brother to visit. Mrs. Claus (Miranda Richardson) is reluctant and, worse, an expert in efficiency (Kevin Spacey) came to take a close eye on Pr. Christmas, and theirs is close to being closed. Hah! And guess who plays Mom's Santa! Kathy Bates, of course. Elizabeth Banks is Charlene's Santa Claus, John Michael Higgins is one of the elves, and Rachel Wiesz plays Fred's girlfriend! And he does not know if I boast casting or bashing him. Here we have some familiar faces to add a quality note, but they are given too little work. <br /> <br /> As for humor, the best thing that FRED CLAUS could bring is Santa's brother being his exact opposite and a joke about a DJ elf. I have to admit that I had a few chuckles where Fred attended a famous brothers advice group (where Stephen Baldwin, Roger Clinton and Frank Stallone joins him), but the chuckles start and end there. Worse, the movie even creeps into sentimentality that should make us "feel good" and learn a lesson about "what Christmas really means." Apparently, what Christmas means for Hollywood is getting as much of the money as you can from Christmas shopping as much as I can. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** out of 5.
