"Fred Claus" somehow avoids becoming Santa Claus this year, having at least moments more fun than Tim Allen's starrer, but it does not mean he has enough because he deserves a trip to the theater. <br /> <br /> Because holiday movies go, it is contrived and sentimental. But in fact, this could be the slightest concern for Fred Claus, who boasts that David Dobkin ("The Knights of Shanghai," "The Nesting Crashers") at the helm contains a practical moment, funny, the line between a vicious Vince Vaughn vehicle and a fuzzy Christmas movie. Finally, it does not mean too much. And with a cast including Paul Giamatti, Kevin Spacey, Rachel Weisz and Kathy Bates, the more he leaves one disappointed. Vaughn interprets Fred, Nick's bigger and more alien brother, Giamatti, who (Bates and Trevor Peacock), after letting his parents retain favoritism over his younger brother. Nick grows up to be Santa Claus (and when our voice tells us that time freezes you and your family when you become a saint), while Fred becomes a Yuletide repatriation man who has a hard time remember Wanda's birthday girlfriend (Weisz). He has problems with the law and had to call his younger brother (who looks at least a decade older than he) to save him from prison. Nick agrees, but only if Fred agrees to help the toy packing business in the North Pole. Fred resists hesitation, but his cynicism faces Santa and the Swiss, while the Spacey expert checks the operations of the toy factory, being too happy to shut down the entire Arctic operation if things fail. The film, as has been said, has its moments, but the length of the lining is extending it all the way. Among these are piles of Christmas film clips that have been handled better in, for example, "Elf", and sentimental attempts are as bold as last year's fruit cake. Vaugn, as usual, brings his coarse charm to the table, but Dan Fogelman's castration scenario prevents him from doing his job. Giamatti, under the bad fat suit, brings an old cheerful charm to his iconic character, but unfortunately he has to play the second pivot at Fred. Spacey puts his game in front of him, but his return usually ends up like a vagabond. Eventually, "Fred Claus" becomes a forgetful movie that falls under what is worth the people involved in. Sure, there are worse ways to start the season at the cinema, but there are certainly far better ways.
