Bad bad christmas movie, which has the same harsh performance of Vince Vaughn, who pays his usual self, but this time for a children's film, but without the spirit or charm of R. Vaughn's films seems to be on the automatic pilot, though most of the film and he continues to run into the walls with his performance-poor performance. After 30 minutes of film, you will be in contact with your internal scourge and you will say "Bahumbag" to how unpleasant this movie is and after another 30 minutes, you will want to get out of the unbearable film came at that moment . Of all the actors involved in this misery, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring some thin roles of paper in perspective and that's a man, because they are so good for actors in this film. Paul Giamatti brings a certain depth and warmth to Saint Nick's character, but he is forced to behave Vaughn's juvenile behavior when fighting their sad brother. You can see in front of Giamatti that he does not have fun with his role and looks painful in parts of the movie. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role, but she does not really have a character to work with, and you can see her being aware of that, so much she seems to be irritated in some parts of the movie . Fortunately for her, she is not at all in the movie and is capable of saving a face, unlike Giamatti, who seems to be on the point of triggering her agent by the end of the movie. Also, the direction feels unbearable, as if there is no feeling or flow that should have been, and it should be a holiday film, but it ends up feeling like you're just looking at a a poster of fantastic widows who tear. > <br /> I do not know what went wrong here, but only with two actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz) trying best to bring something to the table with an unpleasant script they had to work with (and this is a movie Christmas of all things) and an actor who just does not care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very bad film that is very painful to watch.
