A highly unpredictable, highly predictable and low-level entertainment review of a sci-fi formula that I have seen a hundred times before - a group of isolated scientists who are confronted with something unknown and, most of the time, surprised) The film includes James Spader and an almost unhealthy casting (except for Carl Lewis, which is actually not so bad for a non-actor) - which provides ho-hum performances that not least to enhancing the inimaginal dialogue of the script. To make things worse, the pace of the movie is slow, there is almost no subplot, and some sequences of action are stereotypical and not so exciting. No wonder this went directly to the DVD. What a miracle is why Spader - sometimes an excellent actor who won the Cannes Award for Best Actor for "Sex, Lies and Videotape" and did a great job in the science fiction film "Stargate" this project dumbass. Or maybe not, if you look at his career, because he seems to have invested his talents in more than a beat. The most remarkable thing about "Alien Hunter" is how they've been able to feed on so many elements in so many fantastic SF movies, and still have things so unclear and controversial. There are giant bits borrowed from "The Thing" (both Howard Hawks's original and John Carpenter's remarkable remake of 1982), "Contact" and "Outbreak"; some suggestions about "Alien", "CE3K", "Andromeda Street", "Kubrick's 2001" and "Mission on the Mars" (ie the mysterious message); and even a small rupture of "sneakers" and "a remarkable mind" (although they are not SF films, they share a "cryptological" connection). Hell, there are even corn and Antarctic fields, just like the recent X Files. And the translucent translucent light ship looks exactly like something that was pulled from an exit from Abis. Everything has been done before and done much better, although I recognize that there have been some slight surprises to the end. I could say a little more about the plot, but it is not absolutely necessary. You already know over half of this movie without ever seeing it. (5 of 10)
