Recap: A mysterious dense, radio transmitting radio signal is discovered in the Antarctic ice. The mysterious block is dug up and taken to an Antarctic research station. Julian Rome, a former SETI worker, is brought to decipher the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is an old friend of his, and the situation quickly turns into difficulty, especially since other feminine researchers are actually casting on him. And the ice block with the work inside melts unnaturally quickly. Soon the object is open. The mystery continues, although the object generates a large amount of electricity. It is decided to open the object, but just before doing so, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But too late, and the object explodes as it is finally broken and two things unleashed on the ground. The first is a stranger who slept in the object and the other is a virus that instantly kills the research staff. And Washington, who is suspected of this historical event, decides that these things can not be unleashed on earth. So a nuclear submarine in Russia carrying nuclear weapons is sent to Antarctica. Comments: The film has some surprises. One is Carl Lewis, who surprises surprisingly good performance, and the other is that the special effects are beautiful, well-worked and much better than they expected. Unfortunately, the story has a lot of own surprises, and this time is not in a good way. In fact, it's so full of plot holes, that sometimes movies seem to be composed of scenes almost randomly connected. It never explains why Washington knows so much, why Washington is capable of commanding Russian submarines, why the object is in Antarctica and who woke up now. It is highly perplexed that the foreign bridge translates into English. Some might want to explain this with the fact that the alien was on the Earth before and knew the language (and obviously chose English, why?). But then it is very confusing about the beautiful aliens who apparently want to save Earth from the virus, send the message "Do not open" encoded! And, finally, the end is as open as one end can be. The film is a bit of entertainment, but too much energy (from me) must be diverted to fill the gaps in the plot. Therefore, the overall impression of the film is not very good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
