OK, here is: "The Nazi climber is friends with the Dalai Lama." What we do is first get an important star, with no idea how to make a German accent, and let it beat the French, Germans, Americans and Britons for over 2 hours. Then we conveyed a series of incredibly wild events and we distanced them very broadly, so that the intrigue inches almost almost imperceptibly. But just to make sure that the viewer does not fall asleep, we throw in details that are shockingly absurd, such as our hero who smokes a cigarette at an altitude of 22,000 feet. Of course, we also have to remember that the target audience does not want to read too many subtitles, so every character, even the lowest peasant in the closed city banned Lhasa in 1943, speaks the perfect English language with dubious accents. Of course, the most difficult part is how to deal with the spiritual and political aspects of the story, so what we do is this: we have the Dalai Lama with the reformed Nazis now because he is so good to deal with the projectors film, radios, ancient machines, and any other devices that represent the freedom of the capitalist West. Instead, our hero teaches his young man to protect a vague, undefined Buddhism that is never brought or treated in a serious way. We also have a lot of scenes with the hero that marks all the signs of respect and protocol that the rest of Tibetan society gives to the Dalai Lama, even if we pretend that the hero has deep and profound respect for these people and their spiritual leader . In other words, we expect the public to believe that this guy is now a Buddhist in his own way, even if we do not know what his transformation means or how far we want to go. Last but not least, we will put a statistic at the end of the film about how horrific the Chinese were treated with the Tibetans (which is certainly true), thus opening our accusations that we made a "political" film, even if it is not nothing like that. So, it's my idea. What do you mean? Can you make a movie?
