This is not based on the depths of Creepshow 3, but it is approaching. It also uses the same technique to use the same actors in several roles throughout the anthology, which distracts at least the attention. It is also a rather irritating break in The Twilight Zone, comparable to Serling's last night's gallery). Unfortunately, the producers and writers have forgotten that Serling will build sympathy for his characters before weighing them. None of the characters are particularly sympathetic or interesting to the last segment. The Story of Editing: Adam West is ... well, himself. It does not work on Bruce Wayne / Batman campy 60s, but rarely it does. He simply plays "Jay", which is not particularly enigmatic (there is a bad name to compare to those of Dr. Terror, Eramus and The Cryptkeeper), and makes gentle / terrifying statements. <br /> <br /> Abernathy: Did Rod Serling see "A stop in Willoughby"? Then you saw that. Her husband's red herring is not introduced for any purpose, but even the friend of the main character identifies him as a wizard. How well directed is how to expect, but essentially incoherent. Nex's Diner: Remembrance of Serling's various travel stories mixed with Steve Allen's "Meeting of Mind". Most actors are not too bad (except for Josh Astin as Cassius, who manages to walk, talk and even breath strangely) and the idea is a little interesting. But, like Abernathy, it does not go anywhere. The main character raises some relatively reasonable questions, tears a little (who does not?) And, for some reason, gets expelled to a nuclear wasteland. Life Replay: It's not a small piece, and it manages to teach both Clic and Creepshow 3. I assume she says something people are fascinated by the magical properties of the remote controls. The main character is easy to feel. Nothing fundamentally innovative here, but it's okay. Combat the Spirit: See the twist coming a mile away, but the main character has a heart and is a decent story of defeat and redemption. /> <br /> Finals: So ... why do people get into cold stores in silver suits? I do not know. And it does not make sense. So ... all the protagonists went into the bookstore and trapped? Kind of undermines the happy ending with the boxer (thank you guys!) And the guy in the first segment died. So how was he caught? He visited the bookstore before he died, was caught and ... did he die? What the? It is not like that? I suppose this is not expected to make sense because it is supernatural. But still ... <br /> <br /> In general: it did not differ from the two Twilight Zone series, or a few episodes of Tales From the Darkside or Monsters. The last two stories and part of the second are probably worth your time. But there's nothing spectacular here.
