And maybe, as Fred Sandford said, "one over his lips." That's for those who have released this movie to an inconvenient audience. And probably for the person in "Rue Morgue" who called this "Fender Hellbender" and said it was good. Five young girls, seemingly taking a short home from a high school football game, are losing and stops asking for directions to a small shop in the middle of nowhere. While the driver accidentally hits a parked SUV and knocks a beacon, the girls decide to leave and not to find the driver. But the driver comes to find them and not just that the light on his vehicle has died, but also for other reasons the girls do not understand yet. When the driver catches them first, she (yes, she is) marks a shotgun and makes them break away and continues to scream at them, "how much have you seen?" Of course the girls are scared of death and do not know what she is talking about. As the girls' night caravans end up in a cat and mouse game with the SUV driver, leading to all kinds of lesions on the girls, who are remarkably resistant to gunfire explosions and screwdrivers in case who did not want them. Eventually, they come to find out that something happened in that store after they left, which is the reason for the psychotic anger of this woman. And finally they have a chance to get revenge and take her as far as I can go. There are elements of this film that are quite disturbing and scary, but unfortunately these moments are being undermined by bad action, poor dialogue and huge credibility losses. A girl is hit by an explosion with a shotgun and seems to be hurt and dead, and she feels cold, her life passes before her eyes, but does she get sicker? And how far can a mini-van run on a nearly empty gas tank at 80 miles per hour? I need one of those things, it looks like it's got a big kilometer. It should have ended when the girls avenged, but the movie continued shortly afterwards, which is an anti-climax process, but at least they teach a few of what put the woman out and the driver is still worried about " the disorder of his mother's wagon, "which is obviously the least of one's worries. The worst movie I've seen, but it's too amateur to be good and yet a little too scary and frightening when I was completely terrible. But do not take the cake for a lot of hysterical hysteria and you will want to put two on your ears if you look at it. Which, by the way, I do not necessarily recommend. 4 out of 10.
