Five Across the Eyes begins as five teenage girls go home in time for a curse, stop at a store and accidentally hit another car and decide to get out of the car and leave it. Soon after the other car forces them to stop, a crazy woman with a rifle comes out and yells at them, makes them get rid of their clothes and makes them drink and then randomly. Shaken and shocked the girls believe their assault is over, but the crazy woman is coming back for a few seconds because she seems to be planning to kill the dreaded girls who are lost and low in gas ... Produced & directed by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen with Swinson Writing Work & Theissen Responsible for Cinema and Editing I have to say that Five Across the Eyes is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen if not the worst I want to say I'm struggling to think about to a movie I've seen worse. Now let me begin by saying that I'm sure much of the decision-making made here was deliberate to try and provoke atmosphere, tension, realism and suspense, but there is no look of Five over the eyes that I did not hate to be honest looks like a bad home movie that was put on YouTube and even then it's still a little embarrassing and a sincere loss worth 90 strange moments of my time that I could makes it a little more fun and fun than pulling nails with pliers. The comments on the web seem rather positive, but on IMDb (the amount of 1 Star comments is revealing and can not be all wrong, right?) & It's a board message that I think is far more than an indicator of what the media thinks that it is absolutely drawn by almost everyone and the phrase "the worst film I've ever seen" is used a few times and to be fair, most of these negative comments mention the same things and I have to agree they. The story is terrible, well, I suspect it is meant to be minimalist, but this minimum? There is never any reason or explanation for the events that happen and it simply feels random. It goes along the time, the amount of plot here would struggle to fill a thirty minutes done for the television program leaving along a full length feature. Dialogue is terrible with these annoying girls, who do not seem to have a brain cell between them that takes random stuff and screams a lot. God screaming, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or whining that not only irritates & disturbs and prevents any healthy spectator feel any sympathy for them also does what I'm trying to say almost impossible to hear in properly. Then he is the real killer, the whole movie is set and shot within the limits of a mini-van, seriously the camera never leaves this car and as you can imagine it is very dull, add that the low number of bodies of a single person was killed screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie I hated with a passion. At a technical level again I see that the shooting style here was a deliberate choice, but I have to be honest again and says Five over the Eye is the worst-looking movie I've ever seen. As a fan of the movie I like movies to look like the right movies because it's a visual environment and I certainly do not want to look worse than the average YouTube video or my home movies shot on a video camera while I was drunk. It really looks both amateur and so bad, it's a complete eye and hates every moment of every second. Just think that the Blair Witch Project (1999) only ten times worse looks and sounds and you'll be there. There are moments during Five Over the Eye when you literally can not tell what is happening or happening because of room work and almost black and granular contrast levels. The violence is too weak with a few splashes of blood and a stab at the end. The low budget does not even begin to describe Five Across the Eyes, with an estimated budget of about $ 4,000, this is easily one of the smallest budget movies ever released a broad release. The two vans in the movie were owned by the members of the production and that's practically almost the entire budget exactly there, the locations. The act is quite bad by the main cast, I just hated all the fake crying and screaming, which did not convince at all, but it irritated a lot. Five Across the Eyes will come down as one of the worst movies I've ever seen and I've seen some movies whenever someone asks me now what's the worst movie I've ever seen Five Across the Eyes will certainly get a mention. I hate it, every aspect and unhappy moments.
