Less than 10 minutes in this movie I wanted to end as it was painful. Everything about this horror movie was a group of boys who do stupid things for 90 minutes, claiming, crying and screaming. Do not leave positive reviews to fool you, because it's really a terrible movie and you really should not watch it. The movie had the potential to be great, but it does not happen. A group of five teenage girls go home one evening when they find themselves being followed by a crazy female driver who wants to kill them. Two minutes in the movie, and the characters are already asking and this does not stop. All we have for 90 minutes is a bunch of girls weeping, weeping, screaming, "acting" and arguing. None of the dialogues is really interesting from a distance, so you do not really understand these characters or you can not enjoy them. The act was terrible and I was shocked to find out that these characters were meant to be teenagers. None of these women looked at a day under the age of 20, and one of them looked as if she were almost 30 years old. At least you get people showing the age. None of them even gave decent remote performances and seemed to have been taken away from the street or were friends of the director without the ability to act. The "actress" who played the killer overwhelmed her, but at least she showed something that other girls did not have - a little talent. Characters do not help things because these girls are a bunch of whiny, you stupid. This is all I can really say about them, and did not help that they all survived. If I have to get into the details, in one scene, the girls are followed by the killer and their beaten car. A girl hurts herself and weeps about it ... four of them do not wear safety belts ... what do you expect? One of your friends is brutally attacked by the killer ... and you've just been conveniently "too hurt" to help them? Whatever. Filming the movie is absolutely terrible. I do not care if this movie had a peanut size budget, the shooting was terrible and it was like seeing a pirate version of a movie. The cameraman was clearly in the car with the girls, pushed into a window somewhere, and the number of moments when the camera faded, shuddered and clenched by an "actress" was terrible. It was also granular and sometimes you did not hear what the characters were saying (not that it was something worth listening to). It is assumed that the killer car in the film (which is supposed to have been hit, even though I just heard the accident) is actually the real-life director of the car. No wonder they did not show that the car was hit! This movie is so cheap that it can not even show a car with a little scratch. Oh, I have to mention the soundtrack ... if that was it. It was horrible ... sad for a second, then for a second. <br /> <br /> At the end of the day, Five Across The Eyes just feels like a terrific movie shot in the middle of the road at night with a bunch of silly faces screaming and arguing for 90 minutes . It is not helpful when the script is terrible, fears / tension / suspense and (hardly even a gore to compensate) are absent, the act is terrible, and image quality and filming are terrible. <br /> <br /> This was a horrible little movie. Avoid it at any cost. <br /> <br /> 1/10
