- Contains mineral spoilers - I've seen a number of decent indie horror movies, such as Hamiltons, Boys Love Mandy Lane and Cabin Fever; unfortunately, I felt Five in the eye does not fall into this category. From the beginning to the end, the movie is affected by the amateur action that resonates from a very poor scenario, God only knows why the writer (s) thought they had a dialogue, such as "Do not go there, do not go there, you : if he takes you away and if he kills you you are dead "is the quality of the movie. This film has very little character development and I'm honest that I do not care less about what pain and torture it has been caused because it's just a group of college college girls who show almost no redeeming qualities "Everything they do is cry and whinge throughout the movie and if the girls do not complain about their arguments, when they discuss the topics are completely random: the boys who meet or how one of the father girls has recently been incinerated when you are being watched by a psychotic killer.) The soundtrack is also (while listening to credit music knowing that the ending is coming to be like heaven) Work in the room is terrible and sometimes makes the movie become undiscovered. I think that because of lack of budget or lack of money, the director was limited to a single digital camera that is in the girls' car almost all I think it was an effort to bring the audience as close as possible to action: to feel and experience what the girls are doing. But thanks to a very vibrant camera, an abrupt image and too close to action, it's hard to tell what happens during action scenes and it's just chaotic. It's a matter of making a subjective film, but it's another thing to have on-screen actions that a public can not decipher because of bad cinema. I understand that Five over the eyes is an indie low budget movie, but do not excuse the extremely poor quality. There are no redemption factors for this movie: poor action, poor writing, unwanted room work, and no story. In the light of all, I decided to give the film 1 out of 10, because it left me very disappointed; wanting a meteor to hit the earth and give me a slight relief. The 94 girls of silly colleagues crying, supporting, running idly and having inadequate random conversations. However, whenever you see the girls squeezing in their hands and throwing crap on the windscreen of a tracking machine.
