I am mastered. Yeah, that's right. I'm very busy here. In any case, it did not seem terrible, but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience in a macabre and unclear hysterical incoherence. The idea behind such an operation, the low production of indie low-budget production is not bad, but it is a confused confusion and eventually it did nothing to me. It is amateur and simple; wants to exploit beyond reasoning and do so in this fashionable late fashion style shooting. We have the documentary film (moving by hand) that moves everywhere (despite never leaving the van) and sometimes feels uncluttered and unclear, making certain details difficult to understand. Lately, you can use it, but there are times when it becomes too distracting and even nauseous. Keeping it will help. The context has few foundations (which has five teenage girls on their way home from a late-night football game and lost on the back roads.) At a roadside shop they are involved in a minor accident that destroys an unoccupied SUV . Flew, they run away and not too long that the single-light SUV appears behind them. Soon to make an unforgettable attempt of terror in the night) spending most of the time playing a game of cats and mice drawn, loud and tireless. <br /> <br /> As for disruption? I think it depends. Some moments can make you shake with caution pain, despair and dementia brutality (with good use of FX piercing sound that seems to be more favored on the images and without forgetting the alien background effects), but i am awake awake. In the passages it can be repulsive and intense, with a real gradual rush, but hardly credible. The lesions of random characters do not seem as serious as you would think, despite the fact that they should be. Watch the way the blood runs freely, but it is not completely convincing and can become boring. Continuing the night tracking of cars could do so much before repeating itself. We call screaming, laughing, bleeding, running, cursing, body fluids, and so on. There were unpleasant details. With little to do, he needed a much stronger scenario than the one he was forced to do. There have been too many moments of overturning and there was not much in terms of the depth of the characters and the situation they were in. These were sets, waiting for the next torture encounter and shooting them pretty much. Helping it is an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> Performance; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are characters similar to their destroyed characters and draw authentic chemistry to compensate for the weaknesses of the script in its character foundation. Veronica Garcia, high-intensity, stingy eyes, like the driver of the SUV, was something? give something. The real motivation of his character to terrorize the faces and unstable mood is virtually non-existent. I think being psychotic was pretty good. Now perhaps the most disturbing thing I've ever met in this feature was a hideous soundtrack. Terror techno music, hard rock rock-out and an overwrought closing score. He never felt overwhelmed or remained in his way, but he remained like a big finger. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen are trying to take full advantage of their mild resources, but even with the scary spirit, it ends up being pretty foolish. Maybe it was nice to do, but I forgot it was not the case.
