As horror fans, we all know that hiring blinds is a crap-shoot. Sometimes we find a real jewel, but we often find that the movie we just spent on the money we earn is nothing but a dry ship, worsened by the coveted reviews and the famous film fest listed on the box. This is the case for Five Over the Eyes (a title that I'm sure is a double enthusiast referring to both the film budget and the constraint that anyone who's following may have to use all five fingers to use it, and pulls his eyes off). <br /> The story or at least what the writers think I'm going for one focuses on a group of teen girls who decide to go to a late-night party after leaving a soccer match and a crazy woman playing cat and mouse with them as a punishment for what the girls think the girls found in the car after a fender blow in a gas station parking lot. Correctly, this is an interesting idea. Some of the best horrors have very simple story lines. It's in the execution of Five Through the Eyes that this idea collapses. The film tries to be a cross between the Blair Witch Project with its room-hard work and the Texas Massacre Massacre, in approaching the bare bones of the material, but manages to be none. What we get in return is the redundant scenes of pursuit, torture, liberation; torture, releases in that order for 94 minutes, with long interludes of bitching, groaning, and inconsistent rambling that act as a lot of padding between sequencing sequences. the appearance of the film is incredibly granular and dark, which, in a better film, could have strengthened tension and realism. Here's just annoying. Characters are undeveloped and the viewer is hard pushed to find something to sympathize with. A character stops to get a first aid kit and tends to have some scratches on his face, while gunfire heard in the background indicates that his friends can be killed. Another girl mumbles some stupid lines like, "Do not go there, it will do you, if it kills you, it will kill you, and if it kills you, you're dead." it was a recognition from the Fangoria and Dreadcentral.com magazines listed on the box that forced me to check this. Talk about a fake orgasm! Perhaps my expectations would have been met if she had been in the comedy section. I'm all for indie low-budget horror, but that's the cake. Give Five Eyes (or FATE, get it?) A pass. RazorFriendly offers FATE 1 slash of five /
