Watching TRUTH ABOUT LOVE It's like plugging in the white noise or water sounds made to help you sleep - put it in the DVD slot because there's nothing left on the store shelves and you're who need distraction after a busy day. And it works for this purpose: being a romantic romantic comedy, it's a bit more. The story is pretty simple about a wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) married to an increasingly distant husband Sam (Jimi Mistry) who put her love life because of the burdens of her busy work practice. His partner, Archie (Dougray Scott), likes both Sam and Alice, but has a long-standing attraction for Alice, who goes beyond friendship. Alice's friends with her sister, Felicity (Kate Miles), a lawyer of free love, encouraging Alice to have business. On Valentine's Day, after a drink with her sister, Alice sends a card to Sam signed "Anonymous" as a test to see if Sam responds, tests his fidelity. At the same time, Archie sends a root seed package to Alice, who has not written a suggestive love. They both regret ex post facto. Sam actually spends time with a girlfriend Katya (Branka Katic) and really deceives Alice. Alice organizes Sam assignments via email and phone calls and plans to meet Sam in disguise as "Anonymous" to test her fidelity. The whole cast of characters is trapped in a bad trap, and the end demonstrates that real love must be based on the truth - and as the different pairs of words result in it is the surprise of the fluffy scenario. <br /> <British comedies work because of the quality of writing and the strict quality of the act. Perhaps director John Hay chose to throw a British actress like Alice, instead of using a fake accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt, the result could have been improved. But, finally, Peter Bloore's story echoes between humorous and pathetic messages. A terrible distraction is a musical score that is so consistent that it covers all the dialogue and is intrusive. There are some beautiful scenes in London and some moments of horrible humor, but eventually this little movie is really best used as background music / white noise. Grady Harp
