I saw this movie back when it was premiered. It was based on the idea that autistic children could communicate with printed messages, with someone else just helping and guiding their hands. <br /> <Then, suddenly, these kids did not even notice the keyboard or screen when the messages were written (in some cases they might have looked up at the ceiling), but their moderators were eye-pasted by the keyboard, began to write abuse messages from their parents and other people, sending parents and child protection agencies into a tizzy proberbial, left and right. This has been proven to be an error when a third person presented, opened it to the child and said "type the image you see" when the presenter turned the file into a moderator, a fold would fall down, revealing a another different image. <br /> <br /> While the child saw a dog, the moderator saw something like a boat. Every time, every bloom time, the name of the written image was what the moderator noticed, never what the child was shown. So who did the writing? Never the baby. This movie had a disastrous life, as the poster in Australia said, the person who molested the child in the movie was in a situation where he was trying to help the child. <br /> <br /> If Melissa Gilbert did not put his son in that place, he would not have been molested, that's what the movie says. He was better off under her supervision. If I turn my child back to your organization for help and he gets bogged down instead, do you think I will be willing to listen to everything you have to say after that? Probably not! I think it is a sure bet that all these accusatory messages these children have written on which this film is based have never accused someone of their operation as it has been here. Unfortunately, I reminded that the film gave Gilbert a very good performance as the mother of an autistic but other than that, the film really did not do much. The worst by far was the child typing at the end of Patty Duke, and we hear the mechanical voice read what he wrote. . . . . "I won!" This child was molested. If you cut my foot and take you to court and you found yourself guilty of destroying, assaulting anything, then it is right, but do not bring my foot back. best in my condition, I will see it as an empty victory. Any chance this child has had at what is perceived as normal with autism alone is still damaged by molestation. A "normal" child has such an experience. It is absolutely superficial to think that you have to look at any situation and go "win" if that person is found guilty in court. Just the wrong handling of a situation and circumstances all the way from here.
