This esteemed production has her fans. But to paraphrase the classic review of "Mary Reilly," Moby Dick is like a painting, just slower. This is due to the fact that the philosophical motives of the movie "production" are never to make a wonderful movie rather to replace the lack of a strong idea of ​​guidance (in this case, for a film transmission in the film) with a list of conceits without atomized hope, irresistible, but astounding, in an effort to deceive spectators into believing they saw greatness. Just as viewers and critics are able to get down to it, Oscars follows, feeding the whole amazing equation. I do not share the pleasure that these commentators have found. Moby Dick is awesome. The actors are retelling essays about Jonah, Moby Dick, the ocean, Moby Dick, Moby Dick ... all things that can not answer, and none of them get the slightest absorption. It's dramatically inert. Do not build. In narrative terms, Moby Dick (as a movie) is little more than a foregone conclusion in search of a real story. After half an hour I muttered "Oh, terrible ... another oath ... another 4 minutes of soliloquy!" In the failed effort to get involved, it's a pretty camouflaged presentation. A lot of gray hair here. Starbuck should be a golden god. (!) One knows that he is looking at a great director when he does his own environment, instead of trying to reproduce the sense of someone else's paintings and palette or embrace a classic as Huston does here. The paintings and the books are nice, but they are a different environment. A movie like this fails to understand that a Village of the Damned is better in most respects than a piece of unnecessary culture. This is your school eating vegetables. <br /> <br /> One appreciates the work that needs to be done to make the film, but not the narrative. Numerous segments reflecting maritime research are interesting; the recording of ditches as a means of structuring labor and various maritime efforts; and whaling technology. And that does not require a two-hour movie plus.
