"Beautiful boys with bad hair!" "Beautiful girls with no clue!" "Stupid gangsters who can not shoot right!" From Dragon Dynasty comes gangster drama in Hong Kong, "Dragon Heat". For reasons that are likely to be completely hidden, the production and casting process for this film "steroids criminals" has made both Maggie Q and Michael Biehn appear to be criminals. But they do not get so many things to do in this horrible pride. They are two of the best contemporary actors around, each with their own resume "and the list of achievements, and Biehn in particular had the courage to play rather difficult and non-heroic roles. Maggie Q was super bad" May "in" Live Free Or Die Hard, "so Nuff said," Biehn is, of course, famous because he was the future soldier who made "The Terminator" in 1984 such a science fiction / fantasy credible, descending against Big Arnold, who is now Governor of California! Michael Biehn is almost completely wasted in this terrible wreck of a police drama. There is absolutely no reason for this because the incredibly complicated plot - given especially in Chinese, as the Hong Kong story - could have been better suited to non-Chinese audiences with a foreign narrator. In other words, if Biehn had been used as an Interpol observer or coordinator or an undercover agent who needs a certain "splainization for every five or ten minutes, would have been great. But no, he entered as a part of a strange group of bad boys of special force who seem to engage freely in their corrupt business in the midst of corrupt understanding of someone else, involving the local king of corrupt transactions. <br /> <br /> Yes, there, I said it all. Confused? And I. "Welcome to the party, my friend." In the dramatic drama of Hong Kong crime, known as "Breaking News," there are also some fascinating characters in the workplace, but there is only a story line in the plot. <br /> <br /> Bad guys against good policemen. In this aggressive and excessively violent incursion into the world of a Hong Kong triad or gang, it seems that the police force shot by fire is a bit more than a parade of ducks in a gallery as criminals descend. It is not surprising that there is an almost incomprehensible scene (many scenes in fact) where children try to shoot wooden ducks in an arcade game to win prizes stuffed with animals. So the benevolent police officers naturally intervene in their name so the arcade owner has to give up the Kewpie dolls. There is also a half-hearted attempt to create a "love of interest" between one of the "visited policemen" and the only "policeman" visiting the police. Visiting police officers should be witnesses against the Triad gangster leader, who is hijacked on his way to but not by his team, but by mercenaries (Biehn, Maggie Q, and others). All the killers want everything, but we do not get to learn about what it is until the end of the movie! That was a bad mistake inside the general story. You can not build suspense in a crime scene without something to get, or get, or get rid of, being introduced very early in the story. /> <br /> Add to those "cut-away scenes" made for purely artistic effects, all showing the bad guys and the usual recurring villains, and any movie boy can easily understand why this barking dog gets a rating from this fan of cinema with criminals and conspirators and Hong Kong.
