At the end of the movie "Dragon Heat", all I could imagine was the reason I was disturbing the meeting all over. The premise of the film is interesting and that - like Maggie Q - is what attracted me to the film, first of all. But I was ever disappointed. Writer-director Daniel Lee can not keep a candle like John Woo, Ringo Lam and Corey Yuen. It has to be one of the most annoying movies I've ever seen. Lee is so wrapped in his visual style - and I use that incredibly weak expression - that he fills the film with completely useless, black and white photographs, frost-free frames, slow motion, fast motion and other visual nonsense. I suppose he did everything to compensate for the lack of good story or dialogue. Action scenes are nothing special and play like music videos more than anything else. He is not too worried about any of the characters - including two alleged sniper professionals who could not hit the side of a barn inside! - who are then loaded with some of the gentler dialogues that I have seen in one of these Hong Kong shareholders. The plot is free from overturning and transformation - from the initial configuration, everything is predictable - and Lee feels the need to remind our story of the characters if we have not received it several times. This is an amateur and horrifying filming and destroys the talents of Sammo Hung, Michael Biehn and Maggie Q. Although, frankly, I find it hard to remember that Biehn was in any good film that was not directed by James Cameron. <br /> <br /> If you are really in the mood for a great action in Hong Kong, you are better off sticking to some of the stacks - "The Killer" (1989) and "Hard-Boiled" by John Woo 1992), "The Fire on Fire" (1987), which Quentin Tarantino stole for "Reservoir Dogs" (1992) or "Remake Point" (1967), "Full Contact" (1992). Or even check Yuen "So Close" (2002), a very fun but absurd popcorn movie. And it is always the terrible shareholder of French police, "The Nest" (2002). True, most, if not all, are a little overhead, but there have been films that are exciting, thrilling and even suspenseful. They have characters that interest us and wonderful sequences of action. "Dragon Heat", on the other hand, is just terribly mediocre. The problem is that Lee did not make a bad action movie, he made a dull one.
